God, what a waste of talent and technology. It's not entirely their fault. The places where polio still exists are very isolated, and often actively hostile to Western medical teams. Matters have not been helped by the CIA (and others) using vaccination operations as cover for their spies. Whoops! Does HN really not have a duplicate-checker? Well, your two anecdotes certainly sold me. Clearly, poverty in America is entirely the result of careless people making bad choices. I've never heard of that. What is it? Maybe http://1871.com/ I had trouble taking this article seriously because it kept referring to David Foster Wallace as "Foster Wallace". His last name is just Wallace. It's not a compound, hyphenated last name or anything strange like that. I think the argument is that Google and others stand to lose a great deal of business around the world if they're seen as a front for US government intelligence agencies. That gives them a real financial interest in opposing this kind of surveillance. This seems like a really silly PR stunt. If you're interviewing for a job that pays tens of thousands of dollars, why do you care about $1000? It'd be like Amazon offering a "Launch a bestselling book, get a $500 gift card" promo. This seems like a really silly PR stunt. If you're interviewing for a job that pays tens of thousands of dollars, why do you care about $1000? It'd be like Amazon offering a "Launch a bestselling book, get a $500 gift card" promo. So, uh... don't do the puzzle? I don't really see the problem here. I really doubt this puzzle constitutes "work" (in the sense of being beneficial for Facebook's bottom line). This seems analogous to an audition to me. > It would basically just be based on luck, whoever could land the higher yield jobs. The honest truth is that it's already mostly luck that determines who gets the big payouts and who doesn't. There are so many factors beyond your control that play into your success. From that perspective, a society where we were up front about that fact would at least be "more fair" in the sense that it would reduce lauding some for their unearned success while disparaging others for their equally happenstance failures. > they have duties towards their fellow man, that's why! That's exactly what he's saying. It's a company, not a person. You are not its "fellow man"--because it's not a man. It's a legal structure that exists to generate profit. How do you do that by accident? Somebody had to design, implement, and test a feature to sniff and store data off wireless networks. Most likely, yes. You can tap a fiber optic line without breaking it by bending it such a way that light leaks out: http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/protect-your-ne... Currently, it's kind of semi-privatized: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_Reorganization_Act But Congress still has oversight over it, and it's legally obligated to service all Americans. There are some people who think we should go further, and fully privatize it: http://www.downsizinggovernment.org/usps What a joke. What you've written could be said of any well-paid job right up until it's eliminated: "Telegraph operators were paid well and felt themselves part of an honored profession. It was a good way to make a living for a lot of people."[1] Companies would be THRILLED to eliminate developers and no longer have to pay them. And plenty of people are working on that problem: "Imagine sitting at a Salesforce event in 2008 in Chicago while Salesforce.com’s CEO, Marc Benioff, swiftly works an entire room of business users into an anti-software frenzy. I was there to learn about Force.com, and I’ll summarize the message I understood four years ago as 'Not only can companies benefit from Salesforce.com, they also don’t have to hire developers.'"[2] [1] http://www.appalachianhistory.net/2010/06/3918.html [2] http://programming.oreilly.com/2012/10/salesforce-developers... "faster growth" != "most beneficial" Plenty of stupid, useless (or even just nonprofitable) companies experience meteoric growth until a fad passes. "very leveraged strategies" What does that even mean, in this context? "Leveraged" has a specific meaning in physics/engineering, in finance, and negotiation, but I don't know what it would mean in the context of sales. Like go into a lot of debt to spend money on marketing? Maybe spambots are a very leveraged strategy. Wait, isn't this exactly the same as "Coin" which got a lot of buzz today? C Seems like this was written by Steven D'Aprano, not Guido. This is great, but why does everything have to be a video these days? Whatever happened to just text + screenshots (if appropriate) It's so much faster than a video. Steve Jobs? Wut? > And 'A New Kind of Science' was a fascinating book. Indeed... A Rare Blend of Monster Raving Egomania and Utter Batshit Insanity: http://vserver1.cscs.lsa.umich.edu/~crshalizi/reviews/wolfra... I happen to really like coding challenges. I much prefer them to a "technical interview" situation, which I find very stressful--trying to answer difficult questions in real time. However, the coding challenges I've done for applications have always been in the vein of "solve this interesting puzzle and show us how you did it", not "do some boring day-to-day work, but do it for free". That's true, but it's not a slam-dunk case for rushing ahead without sufficient testing. There's a reason that "first, do no harm"[1] is considered one of the fundamental principles of medical ethics. Medical interventions can have disastrous side effects.[2] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primum_non_nocere [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thalidomide#Birth_defects_cris... > are there any other examples than Thalidomide? A whole lot of people have died from contaminated blood transfusions: http://articles.latimes.com/1994-08-31/news/mn-33183_1_aids-... That's another case of a medical intervention ending up doing more harm than good. > if there really are a bunch of young white males with the right "pedigree" who are getting money thrown at them without having demonstrated any real merit, then I withdraw my objection That's exactly what happens. You are much, much more likely to get funded if you're a young white (or perhaps asian) guy doing an undergrad at Stanford than if you're a black woman studying at Berkeley. Now, you can hand-wave about connections, and entrepreneurial culture or what have you, but at some level, that just reinforces the point. Why not try it? http://www.investorhome.com/darts.htm http://www.cbinsights.com/blog/venture-capital/venture-capit... According to that report, 87% of funded founders are white; 92% of funded founders are male. > is there an institution or subculture in the world that is more meritocratic than Silicon Valley? Obviously professional sport. Especially "one-dimensional" sports like running or swimming. The "best" runners in the world are so named because they consistently run the fastest. There are some qualifiers in terms of who has the time and money to train, and access to coaching, but all in all it's highly meritocratic. Sadly, this article has already been kicked off the HN frontpage by the "flamewar" filter, and the comments here (including from HN's illustrious founder, Paul Graham) illustrate just how resistant tech types are to the mere suggestion that factors beyond individual gumption play into their successes. Serious question: What can you usefully do in C without a compiler? Write your own self-hosted compiler somehow? I reject the notion that people who are skilled at using a set of tools are "talentless amateurs" because they don't know how to work without those tools, or create the tools from scratch. How good is a master carpenter if you took away his hammer and saw? This was on Hacker News a while back, maybe give him a try? http://jeffhuang.com/rethinking_the_phd_application.html > Right now, that is setting up TOR for people longing for unrestricted information, in the past it was smuggling black slaves from the south to Canada. Could you possibly be more self-serving? For the record, some libertarians think that slaveholders should have been compensated for the "theft" of their "property" and that buying out slaveholders would have been cheaper, and therefore morally superior, to fighting the civil war. There's an ugly strain of Confederate sympathizing among some outspoken libertarians: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2013/07/10/th... > He considers himself a New York entrepreneur who wants to make a buck and doesn’t have much patience for what he views as arbitrary rules and regulations, such as those that govern renting apartments to Airbnb subscribers. I don't see how this guy is any different from Airbnb itself (or other disruptive-and-dubiously-legal operations like the various digital gypsy cab companies). That's what Republic Wireless does now, and they just launched with the Moto X at a surprisingly low price: https://republicwireless.com/ My understanding is Google bought Motorola primarily for their patent portfolio, so they'd have some weapons to aim at Apple and ward off lawsuits through mutually-assured destruction. Is it possible for them to sell off Motorola's hardware operations while retaining their IP? Republic Wireless has a $40/month 4G plan with the Moto X: https://republicwireless.com/plans Groupon hasn't gone bankrupt yet? I can see why they're anti-rooting--they need to be able to offload voice + SMS traffic to wifi, and they can't do that if you've flashed a custom ROM or whatever. I think they're hoping to eventually have the wifi calling stuff packaged as an app, so it could be installed on whatever ROM (or device) you wanted. But for now, it's integrated with the android system at a very low level. > you're out of luck if you want to cancel the service after 30 days. Sort of. There's no early termination fee, so in that way it's better than legacy carriers. But you can't take your RW phone and use it on any other network, so you are out the cost of the device. > What if I started a company, and all good candidates were male, and the women weren't on par? What if no women applied at all? Then it's pretty clear you've done a bad job of advertising your job openings. Did you, perhaps, just ask for referrals among your own personal network? > I'm sorry am I supposed to go out of my way to directly extend a hand to women as well? In a word? Yes. Women are seriously under-represented in the tech community, so if your recruiting effort only extends to your friends and their friends. (And this kind of 'hey, do you know a good ____ dev?' search is pretty common for small firms) then it's statistically unlikely you're going to get many good female candidates. I don't think you're morally obligated to hire a woman just for the sake of diversity--you should hire whoever's best for the role. But I do think you're obliged to at least consider qualified women. And I find it laughable to suggest that there simply don't exist good female candidates. They are numerically fewer; you have to make an effort to find them. You're reading things into my comment that I didn't write. The parent I was responding to suggested that he might have openings at his company for which there aren't any "good" (or even any at all) female applicants. I find it absurd to suggest that there are zero qualified women existing in the world, so the problem is one of finding and recruiting them to apply. Above, you agreed with the statement "You shouldn't force equality, but actively work towards it." EDIT: My mistake, that was a different user. Making the effort to consider qualified women is part of actively working towards it. Maybe it does cost some small amount of extra money, but if you refuse to make even the minor effort of, say, posting to a women's tech board[0] then you are part of the problem. [0] e.g. http://www.pyladies.com/ > Why do we actually care about inequality in professions? At an individual level, it's unfair if people are discouraged or denied the opportunity to peruse their interests because of their demographic characteristics. At a societal level, we'll all benefit by having more people working in fields where they're most productive. > so is every other field out there dominated by either/or. That's not true at all. Some fields are near parity. Med schools are basically 50/50 these days. > It barely meets expenses Then cut your expenses; don't live beyond your means. Isn't that the advice that's always being given to poor people? $100k puts you in the top quintile of the US population. It's definitely wealthy. > It definitely is not wealthy. > reasonably affluent households > it's not the same thing as being rich. Now you're just playing with semantics. "Wealthy", "affluent", and "rich" are all synonyms with subtly different connotations. Statistically, if your family is making $100k/year, you have access to more money than the vast majority of American families. > but that's really comparing apples and oranges Yes, exactly! It's comparing wealthy people to not-wealthy people. I get that the money doesn't buy as much as you might hope it would; it doesn't feel "rich" because you imagine "rich" to include luxurious vacations and a huge house or what-have-you. And it doesn't seem "rich" because you measure yourself against even-wealthier people in your social and professional orbit--and you discount not-rich families as "oranges" that are not comparable to your own "apples". But in terms of raw numbers--not feelings--you're pretty well-off. A big part of it is probably the travel/moving expenses. At a bare minimum, you need bus/cab fare (or a car + gas $) and enough for a security deposit on an apartment when you arrive. That might be hard to scrape together if you're unemployed and living with parents. Unfortunately, if you do take a job that's "beneath" what your qualifications would suggest, you'll sometimes wind up torpedoing your career prospects going forward. I think a developer who was "consulting" or "freelancing" (read: unemployed) for the past six months would get more callbacks than one who'd been working at McDonald's, or needed to telecommute from North Dakota. I suppose you can mitigate that effect by leaving it off your CV, but working a "crappy" job is still going to take away time and energy that could otherwise be spent improving your skills for your desired career. > maybe unemployment is no longer serving it's intended functions (as a stop-gap between jobs). That's basically true. I'm of the opinion that we need a real basic/guaranteed income program, because what we have right now is a terrible hodgepodge of TANF + unemployment + SSDI ( http://apps.npr.org/unfit-for-work/ ) which only serve to paper over the fact that we have more people than there are jobs. This problem will only get worse in the future as automation hollows out the middle of the labor market. Maybe make-work programs aren't a bad idea? American infrastructure is in a really bad way, something like the Civilian Conservation Corps could do a lot of good repairing and improving rail lines, highways, bridges, and the electrical grid. > But you can't really call them food stamps anyway as they have become their own form of currency and you can buy nearly anything with them. That's not true at all: http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/eligible-food-items You might be confused, because some states provide other forms of benefits (SS or TANF) on the same debit cards as SNAP ("food stamps"), but the food stamps program only pays for food--and not even all kinds of food. You wrote a lengthy post, and you seem to have strong opinions about this subject, but you are badly misinformed about the underlying facts. Some people do sell their food stamps (at a discount) for cash: http://www.kpho.com/story/23509709/food-stamp-recipients-sel... But that's an illegal abuse of the program. If anything, it's an argument in favor of replacing current welfare programs with unconditional cash transfers. I wasn't sure how to write a title that was concise and captured the substance of the article. It seems like you want to split hairs about whether "analyzing posts" means examining text or metadata. Do you think that "NSA is analyzing phone calls" would be an accurate description of their metadata dragnet? At any rate, if they aren't looking at the content of self-censored posts yet, it certainly sounds like they're at least interested in doing so. According to the article, "This implies that Facebook wants to know what you are typing in order to understand it." > You're taxed on your income when you earn it. Why should there be a special tax just because you died? Because your children didn't earn it. They just won the lucky sperm lotto. As a society, our policies should be structured to discourage the formation of a hereditary elite. Because "open source" is not the same thing as "free software": https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.... > and no one has to hold any type of accountability? Is there no way to trace, cancel, or reverse a transaction? Is there anything at all I can do? You can file a police report. If somebody stole your physical cash, what would you do? Bitcoin advocates claim this is a feature, not a bug. They say bitcoin should be the digital equivalent of cash. Why couldn't some software company license out their app to cab companies? The Uber app is slick, but it's not exactly groundbreaking tech--somebody could clone it. That's his chart of the year? How about this one: http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecac... From this article: http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21578643-world-has-as... This article is behind a registration wall and unreadable for most users. Wait, so companies post real problems, and then people solve them for them for free? Is there at least a prize for the winners? > Using tech services isn’t like using a toaster. It’s often an act of faith. Logging into Apple, Facebook, Google or Square products requires confidence that those companies will treat intimate information in an aboveboard manner, including your contacts, communications, location, medical history, shopping preferences, surfing habits and more. Time and again that faith has been demonstrated to be severely misplaced. If a "backlash" against the tech sector leads to fewer people thoughtlessly handing over their most private lives to giant, amoral entities, then so much the better. > Organic search and paid search are silo'd. According to who? Google? Is there any transparency or any way for an outsider to verify that? > Even then, is DDG viable competition for Google? I'd say "yes". I've switched to DDG as my primary search engine, and I'd say they return a good result about 80-90% of the time. They're definitely not as good as Google, but you can always add "g!" to redirect to Google results. I'd say their best selling point is their focus on privacy, but oddly they don't seem to be touting it very loudly or trying to make hay from the recent NSA revelations. Photosynth collages can be created by stitching together a lot of disparate photos. So you can have a 3D, interactive representation of, say, Trafalgar Square, created from photos available on Flickr. Glad to see they're still working on this. I remember seeing a demo of this some years back and being really impressed. A nice reminder that Microsoft really does have some great engineering talent and they can break new ground. Are you really claiming that creating a fake facebook account is "abuse"? To me, "abuse" is a term with pretty strong connotations, and in some cases legal ramifications (e.g. "Computer Fraud and Abuse Act"). We're living in an environment where "exceeding authorized access" (whatever that means) carries the potential for decades-long prison sentences. If I think about how we use that word in other contexts: "spousal abuse", "drug abuse", "sexual abuse", I find it quite a stretch to apply the same term to giving a bogus email address to a marketing firm. They were also ahead of the curve with tablets. Bill Gates demoed a tablet in 2000: http://news.cnet.com/2100-1001-248474.html Surely it must be possible to have economic development in poor countries without sweatshop-level exploitation. That's true, but just because something happened a certain way in the past, doesn't mean it's absolutely necessary it proceed that way in the future. As an industry, the technology sector prides itself on innovative thinking and using new approaches to solve old problems in a better way. It doesn't seem like economic development should be a path-dependent process. It saddens me to see people shrugging off human misery as though it's required by some ironclad law of economics. Instead, we should devote serious effort to figuring out how to get from "poor, subsistence farming" to "developed economy" without the "child labor and sweatshops" step. Rawanda is already trying to make that leap: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-11/04/paul-kagame-e... Rawanda is trying to do something like that: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-11/04/paul-kagame-e... They're attempting to bypass the heavy-industry stage of development, and go straight to being a knowledge/service economy. The jury is still very much out on that effort, but it's certainly worth a shot. He didn't ask people to make up a name for it, he wrote, "anyone care to find a name for the city?" As in, can somebody do the research to find out what the city is called--by the people who live there. Elsewhere I gave the example of Rwanda attempting to do this: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-11/04/paul-kagame-e... > Colleges are investigated all the time for outright bribing promising students. I think you mean "promising athletes". I guarantee colleges do not care how these young people perform as students. The risk is only not-high for people who have a decent safety net to fall back on (spouse, parents, or savings) and/or low obligations (i.e. your children won't go hungry if your startup busts) That's not to disagree with your overall point--yes, you won't LITERALLY DIE--but relatively few people have the luxury to keep swinging and missing in the hopes of getting a hit. > It's also a leaky abstraction. I'm not sure what word you meant here, but driving isn't an abstraction. It's a physical activity that occurs in the real world. It's not a simplified representation of anything else. If you die in your car, you die in real life too. You can prepend g! to your DDG searches if the native results are insufficient. I don't want "personalized" search results. I don't want Google's algorithms second-guessing what I searched for. If I want current news, I'll read the BBC. If I want a stack overflow result, I'll do a search on SO. I thought the theory was that the target hack was targeted at POS card-readers, not recovering numbers after the fact from a database. > incidentally is capped at a fairly low $128,000 Maybe they don't have data for people making more than that? There are relatively few people with incomes that high, and their time is probably valuable enough that they're disinclined to waste it filling out happiness inventories. I'm kind of uncomfortable with the degree of hagiography surrounding Aaron Swartz these days. Maybe Dr. Vardhan is himself politically controversial for some reason? Or maybe it's considered "political" to give credit to one single doctor, when there were others spearheading the initiative as well? > How I can make it go viral? You can't. They're all vaccinated now. ;) Maybe. But it's not just about Taiwan. If the US is publicly seen to be abandoning an ally like Taiwan, what message does that send to the rest of the world? How will that play in Tokyo or Seoul? Or hell, in London or Jerusalem? If the US does go to war over Taiwan, it will be to maintain its credibility with international allies. There wouldn't be food shortages. The US in a net exporter of foodstuffs, and produces about 50% of the world's grain. I agree that the US people are mostly not interested in being an empire, and massive economic disruption plus high casualties would mean a very very unpopular war. The US is on track to be the world's largest oil producer this year[1] and it has an outstanding freight rail system for moving bulk goods like corn or wheat. Don't get me wrong, a US-China war would be absolutely catastrophic in both humanitarian and economic terms, but the average US citizen wasn't exactly starving even during WWII. Unless the war seriously damaged domestic infrastructure, (which it very well could) people would get by with ration coupons and price controls. [1] http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/01/12/will-the-un... I don't think Maxis even exists as separate entity anymore. Aren't they just a small division within EA now? EA kept the brand name because Maxis used to be good, but it doesn't mean anything today. http://xkcd.com/1309/ Please don't. Most people riding commuter trains just want to be left in peace. Developing social skills is absolutely a valuable thing, but it's not fair to make innocents on the train be your tutors. Practice social skills with co-workers, at networking events, or in shared-interest groups (join a book club, an outdoors society, etc.) > monitor units of the Chinese and Russian armies Isn't this what they're supposed to be doing? I don't really have a problem with intelligence gathering against non-allied nation state actors. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cryMVK1PwuQ > Plus it is easy to wander around or pretend to exit on the next stop in case the situation gets too awkward. Again, I'm sorry, but I really think this is a bad idea. You're talking about making somebody to get up and move seats or cars to avoid you? > chances are super small to meet these people again. Except not if it's a commuter train. If you ride the same train at the same time, you're likely to see mostly the same people going to and from work. Yeah, I agree they shouldn't be tapping Angela Merkel's phone calls, and they shouldn't be using the national security apparatus to try to gain an advantage in EU trade negotiations or what have you. But you better believe Russia, China, Iran, etc. are actively hacking (or attempting to hack) US assets. And yes, I think this story is way too positive toward the NSA. The NYT is part of the mainstream establishment and generally kowtows to Washington. > I don't understand this defense of the NSA, no, its not what they are supposed to be doing. At least not anymore. What are they supposed to be doing, then? Should the US just not have any spy agencies? Should it shift away from signals intelligence and focus on human intelligence like Israel does? I'm sure they don't focus solely on human intelligence, but the stereotype (perhaps outdated) is that the US is great at signals intelligence, and crappy at human intelligence, and that the inverse is true of Israel. Reliable sources are hard to come by (for obvious reasons), but just as an example, see: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/18/world/middleeast/iran-inte... > For its spying efforts, Israel relies in part on an Iranian exile group that is labeled a terrorist organization by the United States, the Mujahedeen Khalq, or M.E.K., which is based in Iraq. The Israelis have also developed close ties in the semiautonomous region of Kurdistan in northern Iraq, and they are believed to use Kurdish agents who can move back and forth across the border into Iran. vs. > While the National Security Agency eavesdrops on telephone conversations of Iranian officials and conducts other forms of electronic surveillance, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency analyzes radar imagery and digital images of nuclear sites. Outside analysts believe high-tech drones prowl overhead; one came down late last year deep inside Iranian territory, though American officials said they lost control of it in Afghanistan. > Meanwhile, clandestine ground sensors, which can detect electromagnetic signals or radioactive emissions that could be linked to covert nuclear activity, are placed near suspect Iranian facilities. The United States also relies heavily on information gathered by inspectors with the International Atomic Energy Agency who visit some of Iran’s nuclear-related facilities. > But collecting independent human intelligence — recruiting spies — has been by far the most difficult task for American intelligence. Some operational lapses — and the lack of an embassy as a base of operations ever since the hostage crisis three decades ago — have frequently left the C.I.A. virtually blind on the ground in Iran, according to former intelligence officials. This looks really slick. What happens if a website you're scraping changes its design? Do you respect robots.txt? Yes. William Taft went on to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court after being President: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Howard_Taft Reportedly, he hated being President and wished he'd never done it, but loved being a judge. > For most people's uses, Linux is a perfectly reasonable and functionally complete alternative to Win7 or XP. As long as they don't watch Netflix. Or play games. Or have any unsupported peripherals. Or want to use any commercial consumer software. Maybe. Doing anything with bitcoin today is a giant pain in the ass. Which is easier? a) Typing in a credit card number + billing address. b) - Signing up for an account at a Bitcoin exchange. - Transferring money to them (by doing a?) - Waiting for them to exchange it. - Transferring it to the recipients' wallet (this one step is kinda-easy, I'll grant) - Hoping the price of bitcoin holds stable-ish so that my bitcoins are still worth something when the recipient converts them back. > A truly free people don't keep secrets. > What the NSA 'should be' is a National Communications Agency, wherein all harmful human activity they observe are communicated - to all and sundry! Openly! Publicly! Without any barrier to delivering full awareness - for all! This is ridiculous hyperbole. There are all kinds of legitimate secrets: trade secrets, private sexual kinks, personal financial or medical records, embarrassing taste in pop songs. I don't understand how you can be angry about privacy violations on the one hand, and arguing for our society being some kind of secretless panopticon on the other. > As a rough guideline, it’s good to stay in roles where you’re close to the doing. Why? It seems to me like the further you are from the doing, the more likely your role is to be prestigious and highly paid. That's not the way the small businesses that use Magento think. They want one, all-singing all-dancing tool that does everything they could ever imagine wanting. And they never want to update it or maintain it or have to think about it. Don't forget they want it to always run perfectly with no downtime on bargain-basement shared hosting. Overloaded database? Don't bother me with your technobabble mumbo-jumbo! It was probably running on Magento. Would it really take four years to do a masters? I thought most masters degrees were one- or two-year programs. Who's responsible for changing the titles on these threads? You've removed the interesting bit: That it's Spotify's ops people putting in their two cents. Note to self: Be sure to insert backdoors any HR algorithms I write... High school teaching also pays miserably in many places. I assume startup founders are like most people: we love to claim credit for what hardcore badasses we are, but we'd prefer it to not actually be hard, thanks. shrug It seems to work for Amazon. All you need is patient investors. Spamming people on Facebook to generate leads for ambulance-chasing lawyers? This sounds super sleazy. I'm glad to hear they shut you down. Congrats on the money, I guess. > females will almost never initiate a flirt sequence themselves POTENTIAL ROMANTIC PARTNER DETECTED FEMALE FLIRT SEQUENCE INITIATED EXCEPTION: HUMAN EMOTION FOUND ABORT, RETRY, FAIL? Are housing prices in San Francisco really so insane that a two-story house is "pompous" and a "palace"? > developing "war robots" Technically, since their acquisition Boston Dynamics, Google is indeed in the business of war robots: http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/google-buys-major-military... Though they've said they're only going to fulfill their existing military contracts, not seek out others. I guess we'll see what happens on that front. > If its wrong to harass the low level worker its wrong to harass any level of worker at their home. If we stipulate that actual harassment is illegal, I don't think the rest of your statement follows. Protesting at the home of a worker without decision-making authority is unlikely to change anything, protesting at the home of a high level executive (hypothetically--you'd never get past their security) could potentially convince them to change the way their company does business. > I personally feel the world is a much better place (certainly Oakland is) with highly skilled employees flushing out the trash. To what or whom does "the trash" refer in your comment? > How is what do confined to an exclusive group of people? At a very basic level, not everyone is smart enough to do what you do. At a more practical level, not everyone has access to a good education, or grew up in a community that encourages education. I know I'll get a bunch of responses like "What access!? Just go on codecademy and teach yourself Javascript!" But good luck teaching web development to a 21 year old who's never been taught how to read properly. > Its hard for me to believe that 80% of Facebook's users will stop using it and go back to no equivalent. Really? Why? Who's to say that "social media" (at least in the sense of a unified platform with a real name) wasn't a fad? Plenty of people are moving to a more fragmented internet life, with personal messages on Snapchat, photos on Pinterest, discussion on Reddit, etc. Facebook definitely seems worried about smartphones. They tried to make their own phone interface, and (despite some good reviews) it was a commercial disaster: http://news.cnet.com/8301-1035_3-57583557-94/heres-why-the-f... Am I the only one that kind of thinks most websites should just be static pages? Like, I get pretty irritated when I go to read a blog post on Medium or wherever and it loads a header and a blank page, and then loads a bunch of javascript (mostly tracking and analytics frameworks), and finally goes out and gets the actual content. And then if I scroll down, it has to load some more garbage from Disqus or something. PLEASE JUST GIVE ME A STATIC PAGE WITH YOUR CONTENT. I really do not care if the comments don't refresh live. If your thesis is that what people really care about is expensive rent, then the first suggestion ('get tech CEOs to push for affordable housing') has at least the potential to actually fix the real problem. If San Francisco didn't have such restrictive zoning, you could build more dense developments, and housing costs would come down. If you wanted to be extra nice, you could even have some set-asides for rent controlled units. > Wouldn't it be nice to see the issues list refresh live when somebody else closes one? Maybe a tiny bit. I guess. Really, I'd just reload the page if I wanted to see recent changes. None of those cities are anywhere close to as expensive as SF/NYC. And part of reason Chicago has "affordable" housing is because vast swaths of the south and west side are dangerous, gang-infested, and neglected by city services. A lot of these people seem to think they should be paid like Wall Street traders. To which I say, "Fine, go be a trader." The median income for Americans over 18 is $24,062[1]. You're correct that tech workers are still workers--they're not part of the ownership class--but they're the lucky workers who are benefiting from the shifts in the economy toward automation/software/knowledge work. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_... Obviously having rent-controlled apartments will increase the price of non-controlled units somewhat. But I certainly don't think that rent-control is the primary driver of high housing costs in SF/NY. Yeah, obviously if they don't have a trendy iOS app and a twitter presence, they couldn't possibly be worth anything! /s Oh thank god! Before this, I had nowhere to post all my brilliant thoughts except medium, blogger, wordpress, posthaven, quora, facebook, google+, livejournal and myspace. Wow, check out the comments on that article. Are we sure this isn't a parody? > Scott Johnson · Managing Director at New Atlantic Ventures > Like the Yankees, and Patriots, Harvard, and Oracle, Siilicon Valley has a swagger that comes from repeated success. So of course there is growing resentment toward the region. Bask in it. The resentment is just admiration manifested as envy. Tesla is definitely a technology company. They're doing innovative things with electric car technology. They're not a software company, or a web startup. Uber, on the other hand, pretends to be a tech company, but in reality is a consumer services firm. Windows XP only runs IE8. No. Figuring out how to post short bits of text on a website is not a difficult technical problem. All of the "hard" problems twitter has solved came later as a result of scaling up to millions of users and hundreds of millions of bits of text. I think you're probably overstating the difference in software quality/challenge/interest factor between Flashy New Startup and Boring Megacorp. Many of the really "hot" startups we see are actually quite boring from a technology standpoint. Snapchat? Uber? Airbnb? They're all variations on a dull web app that sends messages to [mobile] clients. Even at someplace like Square, I'd bet most of the code is cumbersome kludges connecting legacy banking infrastructure with their slick API. Conversely, someplace like Enterprise is probably trying to solve more interesting problems than you might think: How do you balance supply and demand for your fleet across hundreds of locations? How do you optimize maintenance costs? Can you use GPS and in-car diagnostics to monitor cars in the field? I know everyone here likes to imagine that startups are filled with super-genius Stanford CS grads implementing cutting-edge algorithms, but I think that's pretty far from reality. Whether it's a startup or a BigCorp, most of the work is going to be boring LOB applications. Is anyone else kind of rooting for Yahoo? I can't really explain why, because I hate most of the things Yahoo makes: Yahoo Answers, Tumblr, etc. but I guess I can't help cheering for the underdog. "Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public." - H.L. Mencken I think the point is that stupid things can still be popular, and stupid ideas can make for successful businesses. Americans in particular tend to have a purely capitalist viewpoint that equates "profitable" with "good". Hell, the "Pet Rock" sold millions, and I would hope we can all agree that was a stupid idea. > Shop without broders Most public libraries in the US use Adobe's DRM to cover their ebook loans. Yeah, being so broke you don't pay taxes is awesome! Lucky duckies![1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucky_Ducky Spam. I think the assumption is that, all else being equal, we would see a roughly 50/50 split between men and women in technology. In some countries (particularly non-Western cultures, but also in some Scandinavian nations) the gender ratios in science and technology are more balanced. Temperature differential should be easy to come by in interstellar space. Noooo! Now how will I learn how babby is formed? Who cares? We'll all be dead by then. New leaks point to the NSA's sinister waiting-for-decades-until-they-die-of-old-age to eliminate its enemies... This used to be called Worse is Better. It's not a new idea: http://dreamsongs.com/RiseOfWorseIsBetter.html > Why is it acceptable to say that effective communication with people depends on being able to think like the person you're talking to, but demand that communication with a far more different and limited machine should never require you to compromise on your preferred thought patterns? Other people are sentient beings with their own personalities, dreams, desires, and attitudes. Recognition of our shared humanity necessitates some level of compromise, respect, and accommodation when dealing with other individuals. In contrast, computers are unfeeling machines. We made them, and within the limits of physics, math, and our own creative powers, we can make them do whatever we wish. Why shouldn't we strive to make them as accommodating as possible? Why shouldn't I try to create a machine that intuitively corrects my mechanical errors to represent the shape of my ideas? Yes. Berkeley in particular was a hotspot of 1960s hippiedom and later hackerdom (there's a reason it's BSD Unix). Read about Stewart Brand: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stewart_Brand He was influential in the hippie counterculture, and later one of the early online communities, The WELL ("Whole Earth 'Lectronic Link"). More here: http://press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/817415_chap4.html Google is making performance metrics for YouTube public to help people when choosing an ISP (in places where there is a choice): http://www.ntca.org/new-edge/video/google-to-rate-isps-based... > is there a popular asset where the market has "low liquidity and crappy technology"? Yes, real estate. Search engine marketing, for one. That's true, but if say, Microsoft, wanted to, they could clearly create replacements for those services. Now, it's arguable whether an Android phone with Hotmail + Bing Maps integration is even an improvement, but at least it's possible. In China, most Android phones are already sold without Google services: http://www.radiofreemobile.com/android-in-china-no-google-he... You could ask the same question of Google. Clearly, Google thinks there's money in using Android to drive traffic to their services. Blogspam isn't a choice? Because part of what makes humans evolutionary successful is taking (sometimes drastic) steps to ensure the survival of the next generation. Maybe it isn't purely rational, but it's worked pretty well for us as a species. Another good list here: http://www.openculture.com/2013/03/donald_barthelmes_syllabu... > Healthcare for distressed infants is certainly not an example of inelastic demand where people have to pay for it themselves Are you kidding me? If it was a question of saving my child's life, I'd spend every last cent I had and then go sell a kidney. Not all programmers are hackers. Not all hackers are programmers. http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/H/hacker.html I agree with you except for your use of cryptography as an example. In anything dealing with security, unfortunately the nitty-gritty implementation details wind up mattering as much (if not more) than the theoretical portion. Most cases of crypto failing are not examples where the algorithm is flawed (or outdated), but rather where the implementation is weak. Any course on crypto needs to address both algorithms in the abstract and the particularities of how they're implemented in the real world. Interesting theory from the comments: > This is too expensive for a practical joke. It looks more like an legal trick funded my the entertainment industry delegitimize "fair use" in Intellectual Property legislation. They'll probably take this to court, deliberately lose the case, and then leverage this case as a precedent in future lawsuits concerning fair use of music, video, etc. Python is growing in importance in scientific computing, displacing languages like R, MATLAB, and Fortran (yes, Fortran). There's a pretty good chance it will still be in wide use in science in 10-15 years. Ruby is harder to predict. It seems like a lot of the web developers who would have used Rails a few years ago are now opting for server-side javascript, based in node.js. We desperately need real competition in search ads. At this point, I guess that means I'm rooting for Bing. I'm in the US, and I've never seen one. I suspect Chromebooks will go the way of netbooks before them. Oh crap. I like my Nook. The e-ink Nook readers are really nice. They're compatible with more formats than Kindle, and they can be rooted to do fun/interesting things. Python's YAML implementation isn't safe by default. You have to use yaml.safe_load() because the standard load() function can execute arbitrary code. Whenever I read things like this, my immediate reaction is "How do these people have so much money to travel around the world doing nothing-in-particular for two years?" Are there just a lot of really rich people out there? Or am I over-cautious and they're operating without a safety net? Hashtags and banners are only helpful for raising awareness. Phone calls to congresspeople actually can have an impact. Congresspeople keep track of issues that generate a lot of phone calls, and it influences how they vote and what they spend their time on. Congressional staffers answer the phones and keep a tally of issues that have generated phone calls from constituents. > The downside to failure is exceptionally low. It's all other people's money (at least in Silicon Valley); Wall Street is all playing middleman with other peoples' money too. > secure life making a few hundred thousand dollars a year in an essentially mind-numbing profession that does little for humanity is unthinkably depressing. You realize Wall Street bankers make a few million dollars a year doing mind-numbing work that does little for humanity, right? I agree with this. Until you can sue software developers for malpractice, they're not professionals. Eh, I routinely see descriptions like "Kickass Rockstar JS Hacker-Ninja" (only slightly exaggerated), and titles like "_______ Guru" I do tend to reflexively discount those people. This seems like some wonky hack where you're running a Windows VM on a remote server and sending the GUI back to the Chromebook. Is there any real reason you couldn't just install Windows on Chromebook hardware? Do they lock the bootloader? They could run Windows RT /s > not in the naive way often encountered in the Bay Area these days. Really? Because reading this, he comes across as the epitome of naivete. Are people really this clueless about how to interact with cops? FTR: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8z7NC5sgik > Note to self: don't pitch to cops at scene of accident. B-b-but I feel it’s a way to make the world around me better, to bring people joy through better food! It's interesting he doesn't mention that at least one significant factor against Upstart (from the perspective of Debian) was the Canonical Contributor License Agreement. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUOAUQJ-y00&t=42m15s Something's going to have to give. If we don't plan for a peaceful transition, it will happen without planning, in a not-so-peaceful way. We need to start thinking about basic income sooner rather than later: http://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2014/02/09/should-governmen... Some people talk about "Guaranteed Minimum Income" as a conditional income guarantee, as opposed to an unconditional "Basic Income" I don't feel strongly (either approach would be an improvement over the status quo), but I suppose I mildly agree with you. I think human beings need to have some Work to feel like their lives have meaning. Even if we made GMI conditional on 10 hours a week of charity volunteering, that could have positive mental health outcomes. There is: Release a piece of software that runs locally. There's no reason document-organizing software needs to be in "the cloud". One major reason SaaS is so popular is people can't figure out how to write programs worth paying for. If you wrap it up in some vague notion of a "service", customers assume they're getting some kind of ongoing value. In the United States, Oregon and New Jersey also require an attendant pump gas for you. Supposedly gas stations have lower insurance premiums as a result. In our hypothetical scenario, it's not "mandatory"--it's freely available. If you already have some other highly paid job, great. If not, there's always the option of doing the volunteer work in exchange for the minimum income from the government. There would probably also need to be some kind of exemption for people with physical or mental disabilities. See my response to the other child comment, this wouldn't be a mandatory scheme. But in any case, compulsory community service as an alternative to jail time has shown promising results: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-10725163 Like I said, I'm not really invested in basic income vs guaranteed minimum income. You could have a volunteer work "requirement" that was only enforced by social convention. If it was seen as dishonest/lazy to take the income without giving back to your community in any way, that would probably spur some social good without the inefficiency of a heavy-handed enforcement mechanism. I find this attitude really obnoxious. "Oh my little darling might be the next great _______!" Why don't you go do that? Having kids is a just a way of kicking the can down the road. > So if Market is 105k, and I'm going to pay 55k, I will give you 50k in equity Is that 50k in equity every year? Because otherwise, this seems like a terrible deal. Why would any engineer take an offer like that? http://www.amazon.com/Trillionaire-Next-Door-Investors-Tradi... To be fair, Pax Dickinson really is a giant, bigoted asshole. I guess that makes sense. It still seems like buying an (expensive) lotto ticket. Unless the company was doing something uniquely exciting, it doesn't seem attractive to me. Is that because SMS costs a fortune in Europe? As an American with unlimited SMS/MMS, I don't see the point of WhatsApp at all. I guess maybe if I wanted to send a text to somebody in Europe. Seems like carriers or device manufacturers could easily undercut them by offering the same service, but preinstalled. I guess Apple already does, with iMessage. If only they weren't so blindly stubborn about interoperability. Maybe it isn't communicating with Google servers in real-time, but I'd be shocked if Google wasn't uploading all the data gathered after the fact. > Until a device is actually released that requires you to upload all data No, no, it won't be required ... it will just be on by default, and the opt-out will be buried in a submenu hidden under the "Advanced Developer Options" section. > The closest analog would be the Android camera I disagree. The closest analog is the Google location services, which continuously uploads data about your position and local wifi networks to Google, and is not very transparent about what it's doing: http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2384751,00.asp This is the key point. The wealthiest people on Wall Street are glorified middlemen gambling with somebody else's money and skimming cream off the top. "The difference is that the world diamond market is largely controlled by a single private enterprise, the South Africa-based De Beers cartel. The geniuses behind De Beers recognized early on that a stable, profitable diamond industry depended on controlling both supply and demand. De Beers rarely discovers new sources of diamonds; rather, it focuses on controlling existing ones, limiting production, and if necessary buying up surplus gems and stockpiling them to prop up the market. It sets prices arbitrarily and cuts off supplies to dealers who buy through unauthorized channels. On the marketing side, De Beers hired advertising firms, starting with N.W. Ayer in the late 1930s, to render axiomatic the idea that diamonds = true love." http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/2524/is-a-diamonds-... http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-rise-and-fall-of-diamond... > I feel like Google is only doing these things to collect data about me. They are. Selling ads is basically the only way Google makes money. It'd be nice if they at least offered the option to pay $X/year to use Google services without tracking. But I think that would be unlikely, because it would highlight the value of the data many people give away freely. Its an Atom processor? Does that mean it can run any x86 OS? Hey, everything2! Nice to see them on HN. I think maybe I'm finally ready... http://everything2.com/title/I+think+I%2527m+finally+ready+f... Windows 8 runs on commodity x86 hardware. Assuming there's driver support, it should work. In the United States, most scientific research is funded through government grants from agencies like the Department of Energy, Defense Department, or the National Science Foundation. Comparatively little research is actually funded from the endowments/operating budget of the universities themselves. I don't think that's true. To take one example, Steve Jobs famously gamed the organ donor system by buying houses in many states in order to get on multiple statewide registries. Now, most medical treatments aren't zero-sum in the way of organ transplants, but let's not pretend rich people can't buy better health than the rest of us. > Why the army would do it for you instead of killing you and dividing your enormous wealth between themselves? Because the army will almost certainly be robots or drones. Psh, a true JS hipster runs front end web stuff all through his stack. Our DB runs on node.js, brah. No kidding, I got: > "Use AngularJS on django with PostgreSQL" Yes, that does sound like a very sensible and stable choice that many respected firms are using. Transmission and storage are really big barriers to widespread renewable energy. Solar and wind only work in certain geographic areas and times of day, unlike coal/oil plants which can be built anywhere. Solving those problems is potentially a game changer for carbon emissions, and (if you accept the more dire predictions) the future of humanity. Sweet. This is perfect for those of us who still have some money we didn't put into MtGox left to lose! At best, your naive algorithms will under-perform market indices (especially after trading fees). At worst, you'll lose all your money. Obligatory IBM Powers of Ten (1977): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fKBhvDjuy0 Not just average Joes. Lots of extremely wealthy people put their money in actively-managed hedge funds that also underperform the market: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-12-06/hedge-funds-trail-s... God is Real, unless declared Integer. I wonder how Facebook will deal with integrating Erlang into their (afaik) PHP-based systems? What is a CPA and why does this guy hate it so much? Hint: Don't live in California. There are plenty of well-paid software jobs in places like Boston, Chicago, Northern Virginia, Atlanta, Florida, Austin, etc. They might not have the glut of "hot" startups that Silicon Valley does, but they have much more reasonable cost of living. > the average software developer does not. No, that's the point of this article. The average developer does live in great comfort--beyond the ordinary--both in absolute terms worldwide (you have clean water and electricity), and relative terms within developed nations (you posess a well-paid skill that is in high demand and affords a flexible career). What a weird set of purported counterexamples to the inconvenience of learning new APIs. Lawyers and doctors certainly have continuing education requirements. There are constant changes to legal codes and precedent, and advances in medical technologies and practices. In the US, if a lawyer wants to practice in a different state, they will typically have to study local laws and re-take the state bar exam. Actors are mostly unemployed and broke, and even the successful ones are constantly memorizing new roles and auditioning for new parts. Pilots must undergo significant training and certification in order to qualify to fly different types of aircraft. CEOs have to learn about and adapt to changing business circumstances, or else the entire company could go under. True, and that's a fair point, but it's basically true of all employees anywhere in a capitalist economy. Even much-reviled Wall Street traders who receive million-dollar bonuses do so while bringing in many multiples of that in revenue for their firm. Fair enough. I'm fully on board with you that more people should have access to the advantages we do. I do disagree with your characterizing "luxury" solely in terms of consumption. To me, somebody who lives an ascetic lifestyle while saving the wages of their good job still has "luxuries" that others lack: economic security, having the freedom to quit their job if they want, etc. Look, unless you're a billionaire (and really, even then) life comes with tradeoffs. If you want to live in a super-expensive area, you're going to get a smaller/crappier place. If you're willing to put up with a longer commute, you'll get more for money in terms of housing. The point is, you have the luxury of being able to make those choices. What about the people who sweep the floors in your office? What about the people who work at the trendy cafe where you eat lunch? yep > American officials were quick to rebut the idea that foreign data would be more secure outside American borders. “There’s a big call for data localization,” said Richard A. Clarke, the former United States counterterrorism czar. He pointed to the announcement this week between the European Union and Brazil that they would run a new undersea fiber-optic cable between Brazil and Portugal to thwart American spying. > “First of all, who doesn’t think the U.S. can’t listen in?” Mr. Clarke said. “Could it possibly be that these countries are trying to take business away from U.S. carriers?” Anyone want to try and parse the double-negatives here? "who doesn’t think the U.S. can’t listen in?" So he's saying, "It's not worth building your own networks, because we'll just tap those too?" Is that the official US government position now? Fewer. http://www.elearnenglishlanguage.com/blog/english-mistakes/f... Do VCs not fund biotech startups? Or are they only interested in social media iOS apps? WhatsApp is just cheap text messages. If we had a sane telecom market to start with, SMS would already cost nearly nothing and there'd be no market for WhatsApp. They've done a good job filling a niche in a broken market, and delivered real value for consumers, I admit. > Wall Street people, for the most part, don't like being in jail and would rather avoid that. Oh, c'mon, jail time is not a realistic threat for Wall Street types: http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/why-isnt-wall-stre... > and 401k -- remember, you've got to save for retirement too Oh no! I don't have any money left after I'm done saving all my money! Just for a little context, fewer than half of Americans even have access to a 401(k) (or 403(b) or similar) retirement plan, and its disproportionately the wealthy that can afford to take advantage of such plans: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/study-401k-retirement-plans-fail... Look, I get where you're coming from, in that you don't feel rich, especially in the context of San Francisco, but seriously... "The median household income in the United States today is $50,000. Half of all households make more than this. Half of all households make less. The big expenses in the Xxxxxxxxx family budget--their $60,000 a year in contributions to tax-favored retirement savings vehicles, their $25,000 a year savings building home equity, their $55,000 for housing, their $60,000 in private school costs, even their $10,000 a year for new cars--are simply out of reach for the overwhelming majority of Americans." http://delong.typepad.com/sdj/2010/09/in-which-mr-deling-res... Isn't Go designed to fill this niche? It's supposed to be a low-level systems language, but with "friendlier" features than C, and built-in concurrency support. > If they bulk, then you make your case based on your analysis. Minor nitpick: it's balk (or baulk) http://grammarist.com/spelling/bulk-balk-baulk/ PayPal is so terrible. The sooner Stripe (or anyone) kills them, the better. http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2011/06/10000-year-clock/ > How would the ovum develop and be nurtured? Sympathetic alien surrogates? You could send along artificial wombs and some kind of computer/AI to raise + educate the first generation born. > The only way a company in that market can continue to grow revenue and profits is to reduce costs and increase sales. Hence the focus on sales guys who can talk the talk, bundle software and discount, and do everything to eck out more share. Meanwhile finance guys come in and look to see what they can trim, and often that's engineering. Honest question from a non-businessperson: Why do you have to keep growing revenue and profits? Like, at some point, if you're making fucktons of money, can't you just focus on guaranteeing you continue making fucktons of money? Isn't it inherently unsustainable to have to be making even larger fucktons? If I'm traveling someplace, I accelerate until I'm going as fast as I want to be going, and then I don't have to keep accelerating anymore more. \ shrug\ It's all sci-fi tech anyway. Artificial wombs probably aren't that far off: http://www.popsci.com/scitech/article/2005-08/artificial-wom... There's a clear demand for advanced reproductive technology, and it would offer the secondary advantage of neatly sidestepping the current abortion debate. Oh, yeah, probably. Still, there wouldn't be any frame of reference. Maybe the first generation of kids would all be weird and emotionally unstable by our standards, but they're be "normal" for Alpha Centaurians (or whatever) > Why do we continue to let the tech industry endorse childish behavior in the work environment? Sometimes assholes are super-productive geniuses (note that there are more assholes who think they're a genius) so even if they don't get along with the rest of your team (or any humans, really) it's a tough tradeoff whether it's worth having them around. You have to balance whether they're doing more harm than good to the overall endeavor. In our case, we have one very senior guy who's highly antisocial but absolutely a crack dev. We've given him an extremely flexible work-from-home arrangement. It works out well because we hardly see him, and he's happy communicating over email and just churning out code in his batcave or whatever. Source? I'd never heard of this guy before. Wait, so it's not a digital cryptographic signature...it's just like an image of your handwritten signature stamped on a document? Does that have some kind of magic legal force? Does anyone else find this kind of pre-development marketing kind of scummy and deceptive? It's basically lying to potential customers: You're pretending to offer to sell a product that doesn't exist. But you're not being honest and up-front about the fact that it's a focus group. If it was like "Click here to take a survey about what features you most want in an email service" that would be one thing, but that's not the messaging in your case. I guess it gives you a free maintenance window every night. But they at least tell you that it is an experiment. Maybe we need human-subject ethics boards for marketers. They advertised as an email-sending service...but you couldn't actually use it to send email: http://blog.sendwithus.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Screen... There are servers at restaurants. Interesting article about that here: http://usa.streetsblog.org/2012/06/21/explaining-the-psychol... "Today the world’s gold stock is about 170,000 metric tons. If all of this gold were melded together, it would form a cube of about 68 feet per side. (Picture it fitting comfortably within a baseball infield.) At $1,750 per ounce – gold’s price as I write this – its value would be $9.6 trillion. Call this cube pile A. Let’s now create a pile B costing an equal amount. For that, we could buy all U.S. cropland (400 million acres with output of about $200 billion annually), plus 16 Exxon Mobils (the world’s most profitable company, one earning more than $40 billion annually). After these purchases, we would have about $1 trillion left over for walking-around money (no sense feeling strapped after this buying binge). Can you imagine an investor with $9.6 trillion selecting pile A over pile B? Beyond the staggering valuation given the existing stock of gold, current prices make today’s annual production of gold command about $160 billion. Buyers – whether jewelry and industrial users, frightened individuals, or speculators – must continually absorb this additional supply to merely maintain an equilibrium at present prices. A century from now the 400 million acres of farmland will have produced staggering amounts of corn, wheat, cotton, and other crops – and will continue to produce that valuable bounty, whatever the currency may be. Exxon Mobil will probably have delivered trillions of dollars in dividends to its owners and will also hold assets worth many more trillions (and, remember, you get 16 Exxons). The 170,000 tons of gold will be unchanged in size and still incapable of producing anything. You can fondle the cube, but it will not respond." Russia and Germany are two separate nations. Nations that were on opposite sides of WWII, no less. I don't see how the game "solely" targets one specific group. > Why hoard rice... Why hoard gold? Inflation-protected treasury bonds can "represent wealth" in an even smaller, more efficient manner. > Someone like Warren Buffet must truly believe that the American Dream will never expire, its currency never weaken in the eyes of the world, it's stocks always be cutting edge. As he says, "400 million acres of farmland will have produced staggering amounts of corn, wheat, cotton, and other crops – and will continue to produce that valuable bounty, whatever the currency may be " Even if you believe that in the future humans won't need to eat crops, or that climate change will so damage the environment as to render US farmland barren, the general case for owning productive assets over holding unproductive stores of value seems like a good one. This is a real pet peeve of mine, but "Liberal Arts" is not synonymous with "Humanities": http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/liberal%20arts > College or university curriculum aimed at imparting general knowledge and developing general intellectual capacities, in contrast to a professional, vocational, or technical curriculum. ... In modern colleges and universities, the liberal arts include the study of literature, languages, philosophy, history, mathematics, and science. Computer science (as distinct from "programming" or "software engineering") is a liberal art! As are pure mathematics, and natural sciences like physics, chemistry, or biology. I would argue that in most cases, the BA/BS distinction is a meaningless artifact of what credential your university happens to offer. For example, MIT only awards BS degrees to undergrads, so you could major in French Studies or history and get a BS: http://mitadmissions.org/discover/majors In contrast, a school like Amherst only awards BA degrees, so you'd wind up with a BA in physics, chem or computer science: https://www.amherst.edu/academiclife/departments I guess if a single school offers both degrees in the same field, with different requirements, that would be a meaningful distinction. However, in my experience, it will still be a distinction without a difference, since very few employers would understand or care about it. If we assume the primary goal of a college education is developing the ability to think abstractly and reason meaningfully about the subject at hand, then the BA/BS distinction becomes even less consequential. If we presume the BA student has taken a few more electives in outside areas, and the BS student has taken a few more major-focus classes and perhaps more quantitative classes, it's hard for me to see that choice having a serious impact on a student's intellectual development. At most, it's a signal about the type of person that student was when they choose their degree. I don't really disagree with any of your prescriptions, but from a purely theoretical standpoint the most critical resource for life is energy. The ultimate source of (almost) all energy on Earth is nuclear fusion in the Sun. From the perspective of humanity, solar resources might as well be infinite. At least in principle, if we could learn to recycle critical rare-earth elements, and to derive our energy more directly from the Sun (rather from through fossil intermediaries), there's no reason that our economic system would be unsustainable. That's what makes it an acronym. Technically, an "acronym" is an abbreviation that can be pronounced as a word (e.g. Radar, Nasa). In contrast, things like BBC or FBI are "initialisms" but not acronyms. You can also have economic growth through more efficient use of the same resources. Again, there's probably some theoretical limit, but it certainly won't be a practical consideration any time soon (we're very inefficient). Printing money isn't growth, it's just inflation. Reducing pure waste, or increasing output for a given input, results in growth. Yes, there are physical limits, but we're nowhere near them for most processes. You could (again, for practical purposes) always use more solar energy. For reference, "the Sun delivers more energy to Earth in an hour than we use in a year from fossil, nuclear, and all renewable sources combined" [1] And that's assuming only collecting solar energy incident on the Earth itself. Theoretically, we could also construct large arrays of solar collectors on the moon or in orbit. [1] http://www.sandia.gov/~jytsao/Solar%20FAQs.pdf NB: I'm not saying this is likely or even realistic. In all likelihood, we are just plain fucked. You can put a custom title, it's just that HN's all-knowing, anonymous moderators will almost invariably revert it to match whatever's on the page. The text is wrong for doge-speak. "So hot right now" is some Paris Hilton catchphrase, and way too grammatical. Your intensifier words fit too appropriately to their objects: "Such matching" should be "Many matching" "So good" is correct English. "Much good" would be better doge-ese. Anyway, see here: http://the-toast.net/2014/02/06/linguist-explains-grammar-do... Also, getting bought out is not the same thing as "partnering with". A partnership can be dissolved by either party. Facebook owns WhatsApp. > Would you want to be operated on by a doctor with the pay and social status of an average programmer? I don't care about the social status of my medical providers, I care about their competence. The last few times I've been to a clinic, I've been seen by nurse practitioners instead of MDs. They've been very capable, and noticeably less expensive than an MD visit. Lots of the rules around medical practice are nothing more than the AMA acting as a guild system to artificially restrict supply and inflate salaries. There are plenty of things people want, but don't want to pay for. To take a very prominent and obvious example, most people want to have sex, but the amount most people are willing to straight up pay for sex is around $0. Regarding airlines, I think the issue is one of temporal duration. I'm willing to suck it up for one (or two) 8 hour flights. It's uncomfortable, but whatever, it's over. I'm not going to pay an extra $100 to spare myself some temporary discomfort. If, on the other hand, airlines offered some kind of subscription service (a la Amazon Prime) where I could pay $200/year to spare myself all future discomfort by getting a "free" upgrade to economy-plus on any flights I take, then I might be interested. > I don't really care about going any faster > The problem I find flying is comfort. > A wife asks her husband, a computer programmer; "Could you please go to the store for me and buy one carton of milk, and if they have eggs, get 6!" > A short time later the husband comes back with 6 cartons of milk. > The wife asks him, "Why the hell did you buy 6 cartons of milk?" > He replied, "They had eggs." Similarly, customers appear to be unwilling to pay more for the face value of the ticket, which is why airlines are trying to make up revenue on other "extras": baggage, meals, extra leg room, etc. I don't see how a hedge fund is qualitatively different from a VC firm. They're both allocating investment dollars and hoping to make big money on the return. Innate ability may be a large factor in programming success. See: http://blog.codinghorror.com/separating-programming-sheep-fr... If true, it would explain the apparent contrast between many programmers' attitude of "C'mon, this is easy! I can't believe they pay me to do this." and non-programmers view of coding as abstruse and frustrating. Microsoft also does a lot of hardware research and innovation: XBox Kinect, Surface, etc. To some extent, hardware research requires more dedicated facilities than software research. Good. Lumping together data and metadata has always been a bad idea. I still say Twitter is a fad. Nothing it offers is a unique value proposition. If the right clique of celebrities moved on to some new, more fashionable network, that would be the end of Twitter. Maybe it's not too late? We need more protocols and fewer "platforms". Is anyone working on writing such a protocol? The problem is getting somebody to implement and support it. XMPP has suffered because companies refuse to federate, and keep trying to build in their own proprietary extensions. Surely developing the technology to deflect a killer asteroid is orders of magnitude cheaper than the technology to colonize Mars. TL;DR: Never use Telnet for anything. This stuff is what really irritates me about Wolfram Alpha. Almost everything they do beyond basic unit conversion comes across as a nifty parlor trick instead of a real capability. Like you see this example, and think "Oh, it can apply different types of animal vision to different types of images." so you try this: http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=apply+cat+vision+to+pho... And you get: > Input interpretation: Canis Minor | constellation region With a diagram of the constellation Canis Minor...which I guess is SORT of a small dog. But this kind of stuff is rife throughout Wolfram Alpha, and makes it much much less useful than Google. For example, here's a question I was curious about recently: http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=world+energy+use+per+ye... Wolfram just totally ignores the second part of the query, versus Google[0], which gives this very on-topic result for the third result: http://www.sandia.gov/~jytsao/Solar%20FAQs.pdf‎ [0] https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&q=world%20energy%2... In many cases, IBM will sell you hardware and software. They will help you install and set it up, but at the end of the process you own your data. It's not on some 'cloud' controlled by IBM, it's on a rack of IBM-branded servers in your own datacenter or server closet. The software is almost invariably some version of Linux, so you can audit it for security. Your question is like asking, "How can I trust that Western Digital won't turn over the data on my hard drive they sold me?" I suppose it's possible future revelations will show that all major software and hardware packages supported by US firms contain legally-mandated secret backdoors, but we're not that far down the rabbit hole yet. In that case, I agree it's pretty pointless. IBM can still be subpoenaed (secretly, even) by the US government, and the NSA has been happy to work with partner agencies overseas to tap datacenter traffic in foreign jurisdictions. What's the matter with Logly? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73GOfY0Ab9g From 2006 > he was sure we were building a browser and were trying to get the Safari team Well he wasn't wrong... When did work start on Chrome? First release was in 2008. Does it matter whether you get the granularity down to a single individual? If a 10 person team builds a product that delivers $100 million in revenue for a company, and the team members are paid $90k on average...then they're pretty underpaid. Given how incompetent Silicon Valley startups appear to be at important-but-tricky things like data security[0], I'm pretty happy to not have to share the road with robot cars piloted by likes of Snapchat. [0] http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/03/technology/when-start-ups-... Plenty of apps like Snapchat and Secret position themselves as though privacy/security are their key selling points. But then they consistently fail to actually deliver on those features. I would hope that engineers working on a self-driving car will do better. I guess we'll see. I'll also recommend "The $100 Startup": http://www.amazon.com/The-100-Startup-Reinvent-Living/dp/030... It was a little bit too self-help-y in tone for my taste, but it didn't feel scammy like "4 hour work week" (and the book mentioned in this OP sounds), and has lots of basic, practical advice. Android/Linux is not the same as GNU/Linux. From the perspective of users, a proprietary userland with a free kernel is not meaningfully different than an entire proprietary OS. By this article's logic, OSX is a massive victory for FLOSS because, hey, it uses the XNU kernel. IE9 is a dinosaur? Loads of locked-down corporate intranets still run IE6. > the top of the OS heap Fair, but again to be specific, Linux isn't an OS--it's a kernel. When people talk about "Linux" as an OS, they typically mean some variant of GNU/Linux: RedHat, Ubuntu, Debian, etc. Android (as promoted by Google) is not a member of that club. Maybe ASOP is, but more and more of Google's development effort is shifting to Play Services, and away from ASOP. "Cleave" is a great example: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/cleave?s=t Python tries to make it easier to avoid pitfalls. In contrast to PHP or Perl, Python believes that > There should be one--and preferably only one--obvious way to do it. Even something like significant whitespace forces everyone to format their code similarly. That's not to say an incompetent programmer can't write horrible code in Python, just that Python tries to make it easier to do the right thing than the wrong thing. One simple implementation is just to queue up the action without committing it, then "undo" actually just cancels a pending action. The downside of this approach is "undo" becomes a limited time only offer. Gah, I don't understand why everyone doesn't just have infinite money for goodness sake! Maybe I don't know enough about the details of the RedHat/CentOS distinction, but if RHEL supports ARM, then doesn't CentOS automatically get that support for free? Or is the CentOS project going to be adding extra functionality above and beyond RedHat? There are specific sub-fields of programming (embedded systems, real-time operating systems, etc.) that focus more on provably-correct programs and shipping non broken code. http://www.fastcompany.com/28121/they-write-right-stuff > What makes it remarkable is how well the software works. This software never crashes. It never needs to be re-booted. This software is bug-free. It is perfect, as perfect as human beings have achieved. Consider these stats : the last three versions of the program -- each 420,000 lines long-had just one error each. The last 11 versions of this software had a total of 17 errors. Commercial programs of equivalent complexity would have 5,000 errors. Isn't bootstrap a front-end theme toolkit? Why does it need to be "ported" to Rails? Can't you just use whatever CSS + ERB templates you want to with Rails? "Data Science" is when you do statistics on a macbook. https://twitter.com/BigDataBorat " When I first read about that, it was impossible to believe. The site was saying that the blog works without data, which is essential for any blog." What? There's never been any really good reason for blogs to be database-backed in the first place. Blogs are just static websites with new pages added frequently. But that's only to provide a convenient admin interface for people who don't want to write posts in HTML (or markdown or whatever) I guess what I'm saying is that (except for the comments) blogs are static pages that contain (mostly) unchanging content , not dynamic data that needs to be updated. If you're curious about the history, you might look into MovableType, which predates WordPress by a couple years, and has always supported static page generation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movable_Type Yeah, this guy comes off as really smug and obnoxious in his own words . I have no doubt the police overreacted and acted unjustly, but I also think there's more to this story than we're getting. Is there a lawsuit pending? What's the cops' account of these events? "What are the origins of this strange behaviour?" It's not strange behavior. It's just that wealthy, white people are discovering what poor people and minorities have known for a long time: the police are not their friend, are not accountable to them, and are prone to violent overreaction. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc Yeah, I'm surprised and almost impressed by how much he manages to come across as a total wanker in his own account where he's presumably trying to cast himself in the best possible light. Only certain parts of certain cities[0]. It's almost entirely a result of the War On Drugs. In areas where drugs and gangs are a problem, the homicide rate is very high. In wealthy/safe parts of town, violent crime is not dramatically higher than the rest of the developed world. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Chicago_violent_crime_map_... That seems reasonable. Being a police officer is a tough job, and San Francisco is a very high cost-of-living area. Related: http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/03/life-of-a-... I don't know any software engineer billionaires either. I guess they exist, but I've sure never met them, and the chance of becoming one is statistically indistinguishable from zero. Who knew that HN was a hotbed of climate denialism? Just get a damn job that pays well. Relax, work 9-5 and earn pretty darn good money. Accept that you will not be the next Mark Zuckerberg because 99.99999% of everyone will not. Free speech doesn't mean freedom from criticism or the repercussions of that speech. I think Mozilla is a great organization and I don't like the idea of punishing Firefox users for Eich's views. On the other hand, it's 2014 and being against gay marriage is a pretty retrograde position. If he were against interracial marriage, would we even be arguing about this? Would he even have been named CEO? Honestly, I doubt Obama was ever really against gay marriage, he's just a politician who panders to whatever position he thought would get him the most votes. In 2008, the "moderate" position was to support civil unions, while opposing full equality. So that's what Obama did. Now, in 2014, the needle has shifted. Gay marriage has become increasingly mainstream. > With UDP the client application can receive all packets when they arrive even if there are some missing. Isn't that a good thing? Note that the list is based on self-reported data from PayScale.com, and doesn't include any graduate-level education. It's not news that engineering degrees pay well coming right out of undergrad. > Was every single person who was against emancipation "pro-slavery"? Yes! What other position could there be? You either think human beings can be owned as property or you don't. I guess theoretically you could have favored some sort of gradual emancipation over immediate freedom, and there were some at the time who argued that freed slaves should have been returned to Africa. But those are still just variations of an anti-slavery position. You can't be against emancipation without being pro-slavery any more than you can be against animal cruelty but pro-dog fighting. I wonder if ReactOS could position themselves as an upgrade path for Windows XP users, now that Microsoft is ending support? "Switch to ReactOS--run your legacy apps out of the box, and stay current with security." That's an interesting question: Is ReactOS even vulnerable to win32 exploits? In other words, are the vulnerabilities flaws in design, or flaws in implementation? (Or some of each?) I guess they've improved their compatibility since 2005: http://archive09.linux.com/feature/42031 What if you hold Google shares as part of an index fund? Does the fund now hold both GOOG and GOOGL? They keep talking about how lucky he is it missed him, but I almost think the opposite is true: He'd have to have been staggeringly un lucky to have been hit by it. 538 doesn't do articles with "points". They're trying to be a new form of journalism that "just gives you the data, and lets you make up your own mind." In practice, this means a lot of context-free presentations of obvious or apparently irrelevant data. Some people have proposed the round-trip time from New York to Tokyo at the speed of light as a "speed limit" for trading. That works out to something on the order of 70 ms. At the very least, it would eliminate the advantage gained from collocating your hardware next to the exchanges' servers. I'm not an expert, but I think the idea is that the exchange would operate on some kind of "tick" cycle, so it would not be first-come-first- serve. If you're collocated, you can place your order sooner, but before executing any of the orders, the exchange will wait 70 ms (or whatever) before trying to reconcile them (based on an auction system or similar). So you can have low-latency, but it won't buy you any advantage, because being fast won't allow you to front-run other orders from further away. This has nothing to do with "freedom of speech". Freedom of speech means the government can't legally punish you for expressing your views. It doesn't mean that nobody is allowed to criticize you or your views. In order for speech to mean something at all, it has to have consequences. I like how you present Craigslist as "poisoning the well" for other business rather than "providing maximum value for consumers". I wish all businesses operated on tiny margins. That's how capitalism is supposed to work: competition eats up surplus. There are two kinds of paranoia here: 1) Paranoid that you will lose your data. 2) Paranoid that your data will fall into the wrong hands. It seems to me that Tarsnap values preventing #2 over preventing #1. To follow on your example, what if the authorities who arrested you want to get their mitts on the data in your tarsnap account? Won't you be happy that your data is irrevocably deleted? R's origins are in academia and its primary users are statistics professors doing research. They don't care (and don't need to care) about performance or scaling. If business users want a free, plug-and-play statistics package they can throw into their analytics stack, R is not the right tool for that job. http://www.amazon.com/Trillionaire-Next-Door-Investors-Tradi... It's ridiculous to talk about "balancing" the flavors of your soup when you can't actually measure any of the quantities you're trying to balance and don't even have a clear picture of what "balance" looks like qualitatively, never mind quantitatively. Sure, dump in a bunch of spices that aren't measured and it'll taste different, maybe "better" than before, relatively speaking--but that's not a scientific model so much as a pragmatic cooking solution. > If we continue to push one set of beliefs how different are we than North Korea, Iran, etc? rolleyes For starters, how about the fact that no authoritarian government forced anyone to do anything in this situation? Mozilla got bad press because their CEO did something unpopular, and refused to apologize. As a quasi-nonprofit that relies somewhat on donations, Mozilla is more vulnerable to bad PR. I just wish more CEOs could be held accountable for bad behavior. Bob Parsons (of GoDaddy) killing endangered elephants comes to mind... You don't see how that's kind of insulting? "Doing this lowly job [that you've done for years] has really given me a greater understanding for all the little people [like you]" Does it matter whether or not the creature is capable of experiencing fear? > By this same logic, Google is too late to the enterprise and will fail. It very well might be. Google had been making a huge push to try and get "enterprise" companies to use Google Docs in place of Microsoft Office. I can only imagine that effort suffered a major setback in the wake of NSA revelations. I can't see how any serious business would trust private data to "the cloud" today. Isn't Kevin Rose that guy who killed Digg? At least if they subpoena you directly, you're aware of it, and your lawyers can fight back. They'll probably still lose, but it's better than having your data slurped up secretly behind your back. > The reality is Comic Sans is awful to look at. Honest question: Why? What does this even mean? What makes a font "awful"? Surely this is a matter of personal taste and/or collective fashions? I guess I'm an outlier since it's become cool to be a font nerd, but I really do not give a shit about typefaces. Except for difficult-to-read cursive scripts, pretty much everything looks fine. I find it difficult to conceive of how so many people get so worked up over this stuff. I'd assumed he was asking about "immediately on arrival", not "within a few a generations", but I agree with your assessment. That stood out to me too. Maybe they figure they'll have enough time to run some more simulations between now and 2350 when the starship is built, so it's not worth wasting a lot of time on what is mostly just a fun thought experiment. Maybe at this point it would be simpler to just have a list of people the NSA isn't spying on. Isn't it horrendously inefficient to be copying the entire blockchain around all the time? What happens if any of those projects achieve mainstream adoption? Are we looking at potentially petabyte-sized blockchains being copied around everywhere? You think the NSA spies on the CIA and vice versa? Wait, Eve has a separate Chinese server? I thought the whole point of Eve was that everyone participated in the same game world on the same server? FYI, schools deliberately try to drum up interest from students they would never dream of admitting. The way US News & World Reports ranks schools, they look better if their admit percentage is lower, so the more chumps (no offense) they can talk into paying the application fee and then reject, the higher their score. When I was in high school, I got all sorts of recruitment mailers from Harvard, Yale, Stanford, etc. and there's no way those schools seriously considered me a viable prospect. Top schools are always looking for "leaders" (by which they mostly mean people who go on to be prominently successful in business and/or politics). Speigel certainly fits this mold, far more than a math prodigy who'd be more likely to wind up an anonymous quant in some financial firm. I don't think your correction modifies anything about my original statement. HYP & Friends are interested in admitting "leaders", who are quite often children of wealthy and connected parents. The colleges don't care if an alum becomes wealthy and successful through their own gumption, or through parental connections. Either way, they reflect glory on the institution. Playing the odds, it makes more sense to bet on the scions of the powerful than the unknown genius. He's a product, not a leader. How are those two things exclusive? The next generation of leaders are products of a system that grooms them for power. Elite colleges are a winnowing system and a stamp of legitimacy for America's ruling caste. IMO medalists have the talent to do much more. Yes, but only if they choose, and the current incentive structure is all wrong. Unless they have a particular personality type[0] that favors the academic monastery over worldly riches, a rational math genius would go get rich at Goldman Sachs. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grigori_Perelman He really is a genuine wanker: http://www.laweekly.com/2013-10-17/news/snapchat-evan-spiege... Your site (blogspot's site?) breaks my back button something fierce. Small e-commerce sites and lazy sysadmins are probably running such old, outdated versions of OpenSSL that they aren't vulnerable to this bug anyway. Welcome to the New Economy: http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2013/11/surviving-p... There are many very educated people who write English (and other languages) well struggling for $8/hour jobs. This state of affairs will be coming to the tech industry, too. We're not special, we're just behind the curve because tech was "uncool" for so long. You realize that he's not a positive role model, right? "Our logs show the passenger door opening at 3:00 am on April 7, 2014, and the added weight is consistent with an adult female passenger. Wasn't that when your wife was away on business?" If anyone is interested, this is an excellent book about the lives of people inside North Korea, told through the eyes of several defectors: http://www.amazon.com/Nothing-Envy-Ordinary-Lives-North/dp/0... 10% off in what denomination USD or BTC? The more obvious explanation is that the Chinese crackdown on bitcoin has tamped down the massive demand for BTC in China: http://blogs.wsj.com/moneybeat/2014/04/10/bitcoin-prices-dow... Maybe they should just delete something once in a while. How about actually deleting data for users that close their account? Does this apply to Amazon's subcontractor warehouse employees? Because those are some jobs seriously worth quitting for $5,000: http://www.motherjones.com/print/161491 This would never be worth it for a developer working for Amazon proper. Because it's a fancy scientific-sounding way for nerds to look down on those stupid jocks who are so dumb they don't even know how dumb they are and thereby buoy our foundering sense of self-esteem. It sounds like for a lot of these companies, their idea for "growth" is cost-cutting. This isn't even economics 101, it's simple common sense: if something is cheap, more people will buy it. It turns out selling at below-cost prices is a fantastic (though ultimately futile) "growth hack". But I find it hard to believe VCs are that stupid. I don't. How about hitting up all the multi-million dollar companies that run their businesses on top of OpenSSL? Maybe in a country with better work/life balance, customers are more understanding and willing to wait until tomorrow to get their widgets. Is it possible that they've quietly disclosed to affected organizations/teams, but that those organizations don't want to publicly credit the NSA as their source? To be fair, your idea of "terrible" luck basically means "having to switch jobs several times and making less than $250,000 as a 30 year old". I mean, I get it: There are plenty of people who are less deserving than you that have been wildly, disproportionately successful. I can understand why you're envious. But don't kid yourself, most people would kill to have the supposedly miserable failure of a career that you've had. What the heck did you invest in? I run Ubuntu on a Macbook Pro, and it works just fine with UEFI. However, I did have to do some tinkering with ReFind as part of the initial setup: http://www.rodsbooks.com/refind/ What's the deal with this "Ubuntu Browser" being set as the default? I feel like Canonical has a serious Not Invented Here problem, where they keep trying to re-invent the wheel by writing their own desktop environment, window manager, browser, startup system, etc. I still don't really understand the point of Aereo. Are there people who have high-speed internet (i.e. not in remote areas) but who can't just put up an antenna? The only reason I can imagine is international viewers who want to watch US broadcast TV. I like how in the future everyone will still have 70s hair and fashions. DISCO WILL NEVER DIE! Wow, that makes it even less valuable than I realized. Thanks to digital broadcasting, I get a perfectly clear picture with a $10 rabbit ear antenna from a thrift store. How does Aereo charge $8/month for this? > Luck is code for "variables I don't see." > neither luck nor skill is the main variable, but pre-existing social class and status. Under this formulation, class+status are a big part of what's commonly called "luck". * I tend to trust my country with my data more than a foreign country.* That's probably a misguided attitude. Your own country is in a much better position to persecute you than some random foreign power. I have a friend who is exploring using light-field cameras for photography in bubble chambers: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_chamber > you don't feel the consequences of making a FB status update that no one comments on Wait, what? What's the consequence of that? You expect people to comment on every one of your status updates? Kids these days... As somebody's formerly 12 year old cousin: screw you, my broken PHP was STATE OF THE ART for web dev. They call it "Internet Plus", I believe they were only running it as a trial in certain markets: http://gizmodo.com/comcasts-hbo-internet-plan-is-the-one-you... You can try calling them and see if they'll give it to you. The main reason it hasn't moved out of the 1960s is it works pretty damn well . It's a bit slow, but money goes where it needs to go, and there's a good audit trail to trace in cases of fraud. Honestly though, they processed 22 billion payments totaling 38.7 trillion dollars in 2013.[0] When you're dealing with numbers like that, there's an argument to made in favor of battle-hardened COBOL batch processing over some real-time rewrite. [0] http://www.prweb.com/releases/2013/ACH_Volume/prweb11740323.... Maybe he just doesn't think the nth iOS photo-sharing app (or whatever) is "cool" or has a "social purpose". Good news! RCN is actually a tiny, upstart cable company that competes directly against Comcast (in certain markets, anyway): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RCN_Corporation And they're pretty fast: http://ispspeedindex.netflix.com/usa (click "INCLUDE SMALLER ISPS") Source/link? Source? Good news! RCN is actually a tiny, upstart cable company that competes directly against Comcast (in certain markets, anyway): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RCN_Corporation And they're pretty fast: http://ispspeedindex.netflix.com/usa (click "INCLUDE SMALLER ISPS") Are there any actually-good sites for finding freelance work? Maybe something curated? You're doing it wrong, and we're not going to tell you what you're doing wrong. Wow, this article is really misinformed. > What does having a program like ... Girls Who Code, Black Girls Code, etc… accomplish? The short answer; very little if anything. In fact, I believe groups like this have the potential actually do more harm than good. > IMO, one place to make the biggest impact on diversity in our field is the next generation of technologists. Kids. What the heck does he think organizations like Black Girls Code are trying to do? Hint: They're helping make sure tomorrow's generation of technologists includes more women, by teaching girls today. As a stopgap, could the car just decelerate/stop and loudly alert the human driver, "Hey, you handle this" If only there were some sort of communications network that might make it possible for people on one side of the country to converse with those on the opposite... Companies and recruiters aren't going to search to find my personal website (unless they're already interested in me) Unless you're already a big name superstar, you have to maintain at least some presence in a centralized location where people can find you. Or maybe you work for a company that legally prohibits you from putting your stuff on Github. Those kind of contracts are quite common in the finance world, and to a lesser extent in R&D in big enterprise tech firms (Apple, Microsoft, etc.) https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Persona Just because things have worked out in the past doesn't mean they always will. Despair might actually be the correct response: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/20/magazine/its-the-end-of-th... You'd have to get university tenure committees and national grant committees to consider publishing in Null to be prestigious, or else scientists will have no interest in it. What a ridiculously overwrought writing style. This is why Pando is terrible: > Instead, it took sheer force of will and a refusal to back down to any of the obstacles he faced. That, and an unholy faith in the power of Google to answer his questions. Don't get me wrong, this kid is pretty awesome, and I'm happy for his success. But let's be serious: He got lucky with a silly fun app that caught on. Maybe that's an argument for more people running OpenBSD. > Library for rigurous verification of non-linear arithmetic Very rigurous I generally agree with the parent and I upvoted it, but I did so in spite of having a visceral negative reaction to buzzwords like "allies" (implies that I'm somehow taking a risk/taking sides in a war) and "patriarchy" (vague and ill-defined to the point of meaninglessness). I apologize if I wasn't clear, I think the issue is that "patriarchy" means many things to many people. Maybe you have some clear definition in mind, but that may or may not be what anyone else is talking about when they say "patriarchy" I've read bell hooks, and I consider myself a feminist. But the problem is that there's no universally agreed-upon definition. How will we know when patriarchy is dead? What metrics are we judging this by? Yay! Here's hoping commodity pricing follows for commodity products. Maybe he can get the Clippers now? Somebody wasted their time and effort, had their feelings hurt, and was discouraged in their interests. That's not an improvement over traditional encyclopedias. > Thing is, on Wikipedia it isn't really up to you to decide something like that. That is considered original research. You need to have an academic, peer-reviewed, medical journal article that makes the claim that they are one and the same. Also, I'm not aware of any "dispute as to whether or not asymptomatic carriers should be considered super-spreaders," so perhaps you could also provide a source for that. It's kind of subtle, so if your English isn't too good, or maybe you aren't so hot at reading tone over the internet, I can see why you'd miss it, but that response reads as dismissive, snarky and a bit patronizing to me. > I fail to understand HOW this will garner more users to your service. Through PR/publicity. "Used by Google, Amazon, Facebook, etc." makes an impressive case when you're choosing which project to use. We need protocols, not platforms. Unfortunately, it's 2014, and protocols are not sexy. deflowr.com is available. Perfect for the startup that wants to be the ebay of virginity auctions. /s I was pretty disappointed when Mozilla dropped native Gopher support from Firefox. But then who would we give exorbitant compensation to? Holy hell, the comments in that thread... HN posters either think a) Those are perfectly good/reasonable product ideas. b) Obviously misleading site, reported for phishing! Does anyone here understand satire? Maybe people need to come up with a better business model for websites than "Put up some 'content' and sell ads next to it." Sell a product or service. The production values for those trailers are pretty high... Site is down. Cached? Edit: Nevermind, I guess he did say it--although he's not the originator of the quote. That's what they said they're doing. Python statically allocates small integers (-5 to 256), so you're not actually creating a new object unless you're creating one outside that range. http://www.laurentluce.com/posts/python-integer-objects-impl... Python does the same thing for integers in the range (-5, 256) No, you've only entered "Sambisa Fo" which presumably doesn't trigger special category handling for the word "forest". They should name the robot the Mosquillotine. Link-shorteners are a cancer. We have enough of a problem with historical links going dead, without interposing a third party. When bit.ly goes down, what happens to all their links? > Why would I ever want to start a million dollar business if I knew the majority of my earnings would be taken from me by the government to support people that didn't need to do anything? Because you'd still have millions of dollars, obviously! This is such a weird, sour-grapes style of thinking. Why do you bother running your business today when the government is just going to take X% of the money? Are you really going to take your ball and go home, just to prevent the "unfairness" of somebody else benefiting from your labor? Talk about cutting off your nose to spite your face... Yeah, or websites could just allow actual links. I don't see why hackernews (and twitter, etc.) can't just render I'm" rel="nofollow">http://somereallylongdomain.com/stupidlylongpath/?what=thisi... short! There's only room for one MirageOS in my heart, and it runs on the TI-83+ http://www.detachedsolutions.com/mirageos/ "Y Combinator’s growth scientists..." Seriously? Can we stop fucking calling people who do things that aren't actually science "scientists"? As far as I'm concerned, PostgreSQL should be the standard for any new free software projects. It's just too bad so many older projects (Wordpress, etc.) are tied to MySQL. Firefox needs to make money. An optional extension that hardly anyone will install won't help with that. Hmm, I'll have ask my rebranding rajahs about that one. > counts some of the most interesting and intelligent people among its users (and that will improve as it grows) But will it really? https://answers.yahoo.com/ It depends if they have the will and the staffing to do the kind of curation that's necessary. Or if they can develop an AI that will do it for them. None of that helps me understand what it is. It's a programming language? This has been a major goal of Jimmy Carter and his foundation. Further evidence that he's our best ex-president. We haven't actually destroyed all the smallpox virus samples, yet. There is one CDC lab in the US and one lab in Russia that have living samples: http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2011-04/smallpox-destr... People use business cards? GDOAAS Those people could certainly benefit from working with a counselor. There's a wide range of "personality disorders" that are maybe not "mental health problems" requiring medication, but are still issues that take external help to solve. "with a hope of making a few million a year salary ONLY near the end of your career" Hardly anyone will ever make even a "few" million dollars/year salary. Honestly, this is an unrealistic dream and if that's your aspiration, you're setting yourself up for disappointment. You might as well decide you want to be President or a platinum-selling music star. > Mergers and divestitures are fragile things Why is that the case? Is it just human nature and people are weird and illogical? It seems to me like if a deal makes business sense at Friday at 11:30 pm, it will still make financial sense next Tuesday at 10:30 am. I kind of feel bad for Microsoft. I know they were the "evil empire" in the 90s, but these days, I can't help but root for them. At least Microsoft is willing to just sell me a piece of software for money up front, instead of either a) "giving" it to me "free" (in return for monitoring everything I do) or b) Making me by a "subscription" and bleed me slowly over the long term. Are you kidding me? I think maybe you need to get out of your bubble and go work a real job for a while. Go work in food service, construction, or retail, which is what most of America is doing. Then maybe you'll appreciate the marvelous advantages you have as somebody who gets paid pretty damn well to sit in front of a blinky box and think about elegant abstractions. Sure, I'll stipulate that some people hate working in a sterile, air-conditioned office. Do those people also hate individual salaries around 200% of the median household income, full health benefits, generous retirement plans, regular 9-5 hours, and paid vacation time? Because those are all things programmers have that most employees don't. > If you read the original post closely, it's clear that this is a site asking for a link to be removed--the quoted email isn't from Google. Did you read the article? The reason that site is asking for the links to be taken down is that they believe (apparently based on feedback from the Webmaster Tools) that it will please the Google Gods. Spammy links and irrational fear of spammy links are both unnatural linking behaviors that result when sites are more concerned with pleasing search engine algorithms than with pleasing human users. That's what the article is talking about. > higherpurpose, nowhere in the original article did it say that Google said the link was bad Yes, it most certainly did! From the article: > Apparently Google convinced them, via their [read: Google's] Webmaster Tools portal, that the link looked “unnatural”, and that they should use the [Google] Link Disavow Tool to discredit the link. (emphasis added) Maybe you run a store where you sell Widget and Deluxe Widget. The only difference is Deluxe Widget has a higher max RPM, but the operating instructions for Widget and Deluxe Widget are identical. As a consumer, if I came to the website looking for instructions on how to use my [Deluxe] Widget, I would reasonably expect to find the same operating guide on both product pages. Sure, this is all hearsay and second- and third-hand information, and the article is really sparse on details. > It's quite likely they noticed a penalty... Yes, and where would they have noticed that penalty? > Google's customers are its users. No, Google's customers are its advertisers. They're the ones who pay money to Google. I agree with your general point though, the algorithm isn't perfect and sometimes it goofs. What I think people are having a negative reaction to is Matt Cutts' seemingly obtuse responses, as though he doesn't even understand the issue at hand (Google's actions distorting natural behavior), so he just keeps explaining the anti-spam policies in general terms. It's not a conversation, it's people talking past one another. Are there not existing Chef/Puppet recipes that will do this for you? I guess it gives you a nice web front-end, and maybe a bit of confidence that the configuration was designed by a professional? Just for perspective, 3 million users in China is the equivalent of about 700k users in the US. It's not insignificant, but neither is it like every third Chinese person is running Kylin. Heck, even OSX has 20 million or so users in the US[0] [0] http://www.pcworld.com/article/2050510/windows-8-users-now-o... Coatis are adorable! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3dVCdaRkA0 I don't think that says much about email itself. He has a secretary to deal with his paper mail. There's no reason a secretary-curated email inbox wouldn't be similar. FWIW, I run Ubuntu 14.04 on a rMBP, and suspend/resume works just fine when I close/reopen the lid. (Yes, including wireless) Ugh, that's really kind of abusive of the Tor network. There's very limited bandwidth, and it would be more polite for you to not use it just to watch Youtube clips. There are all sorts of inexpensive VPN services you can use (e.g. https://www.witopia.net/ ) to circumvent region blocks. Tor should only be used in situations where strict anonymity is crucial. Fair enough, sorry if that came off harsh. If you're actually contributing to running exit nodes, then you're more justified in using Tor to watch videos. If you allow arbitrary TLDs, you have to have some reasonable rules governing registration of secondary and maybe tertiary subdomains. Otherwise, the namespace will be saturated and the prices for new domains will be obscene. I hope they give .amazon to those South American nations. They can then license the name to Amazon for a billion dollars a year. Uh, it's not--yet. The state of .com today is the future of other TLDs in the future. That problem will be made much worse much sooner if the owners of TLDs like .shop or .phone aren't required to allow second-level registration. > Unless your fear is that Facebook wants to record your conversations on the sly Why wouldn't they do that? They could get more valuable marketing data. If they run voice recognition software, they can automatically pick out brand names, or listen in if you're talking about upcoming purchases. Maybe they overhear you having a fight with your spouse, so they can position ads for divorce attorneys when you log in to Facebook. > Facebook doing what Shazam does doesn't somehow make it more skeevy. Yes, it does, because Facebook is inherently a way skeevier company than Shazam. All you have to do is look at their history to date to see that. I have a Moto X, it does have touchless always-on voice control: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOr8Wxcc0Gs (I don't have it enabled, though) I have an eBay account, but I haven't used it in years, and I doubt I remember the password. How worried about this should I be? Are there plaintext passwords exposed, or do they just have a lot of properly salted hashes that aren't much use to an attacker? Fake your own death and run away to Argentina. Yeah, that's true. Due respect, but I'm not really worried about those other users, only me. Because I'm a human and I'm selfish. Here, Mr. (Fuzz|Purr|Meow)[aeo](les|ly|ey)! Captured? I thought they killed him and dumped his body out of an airplane. That's an interesting question: http://www.radiolab.org/story/104009-i-need-a-hero/ http://www.npr.org/2011/03/10/134387637/heroic-acts-to-prote... I think to be truly heroic, an action has to involve putting yourself in harm's way selflessly, to save somebody else. By that standard, killing your enemy--who's already got it in for you--isn't heroic, it's just strongly motivated self-interest. Even moreso if it's literally your job and you're being paid to do it. I would say the members of Seal Team Six are brave, courageous warriors, but they aren't necessarily heroes . This is kind of how I feel as well. Google figured out how to monetize links. Good for them. Now they get to deal with the consequences of monetized links. Live by the sword, die by the sword. No mention of Etsy? Or just get big enough to get bought out by Amazon. I guess it depends what kind of "success" you're aiming at. > that list is very short and very expensive It's not really THAT bad. Off the top of my head: Chicago, Portland and Philadelphia are all fairly inexpensive with good transit. If you're willing to pay a bit more: Seattle, DC, Boston, NY outside of Brooklyn and Manhattan, the unfashionable parts of LA. If you're willing to live in the city center or put up with infrequent buses, Minneapolis, Louisville, St. Louis, Austin and Atlanta are all possibilities. This is literally the first time I've ever heard of this company. It's an excellent eggcorn, at any rate: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eggcorn http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/long.asp I use Ghostery, and I got a message: "It appears that you are currently using Ad Blocking software. What are the consequences? Click here to learn more." But at least the page loaded. If any phys.org admins are reading this: I don't mind seeing your ads; I do object to their tracking me. High levels of personal investment and low levels of bullshit. > Does a 'snapshot' imply imagery in U.S. English? Not necessarily. For instance, I would talk about a "database snapshot", meaning a "backup of a database at a particular moment in time". Obviously the word "snapshot" originates from photography, but to me, the connotation is much more "capture an exact copy at a moment" than "make an image". Wait, how can google measure that? Do they have a tracker that sees when I leave a site? I don't think it succeeds in that goal at all. All it does is replace elite-university signalling with fellowship-winning signalling. (And since most of the Thiel kids are from elite universities anyways, it's not even really removing that factor.) YCombinator does the same thing, incidentally. It's more valuable as a stamp of approval that somebody influential is impressed by you than it is for the actual money or support. If anyone is getting stopped by FT's registration page, you can log in as: foo25@mailinator.com / Bugmenot For most people, that's a feature, not a problem. Humans love to have their own opinions reinforced, and they don't like being challenged by countervailing views. Interesting: http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=snapshot http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mv7atRAoU9s Money and prestige. Have you read it? There's two types of "data under your control" at play here. The first (and for most users, more important) is about not giving away your data to marketing companies. Switching to Fastmail accomplishes that (probably?). The second is about securing your data from governments/state actors. That battle seems kind of futile to me. Even if I were running everything on my own server in my own basement, with my own ISP, I'm almost certainly not qualified to sysadmin a machine that needs to be secure against the NSA. > It has to be private as private should be. But you also don't want to pay any money for it? Isn't holding bitcoin already gambling? Ok, but why would anyone set up and run an extremely privacy-hardened service for you, for free? Newsflash: Google is a marketing company! Is Python in need of revival? It seems to be doing pretty well. I think it's a great workaday language. It's probably not the Absolute Best at any particular domain but it's easy to learn and use, and it serves fairly capably for sysadmin scripting, web development, scientific computing, etc. Not if you have a Google account, they don't. > If you have Web History enabled, this data may also be stored in your Google Account until you delete the record of your search. > When you create a Google Account, Google Web History is automatically turned on.[0] So for everyone who has a Google account, and who hasn't taken specific steps to disable "web history" (read: 99.9% of users) they're storing that data indefinitely. [0] https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/54068?rd=1 If you turn it off, and then turn it back on again, are all your searches still there? I'm surprised they didn't mention ground-based predecessors to GPS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omega_Navigation_System I remember seeing that pencil and thinking it was really stupid. I guess it's popular with a certain set? Fedoras, fedoras everywhere... Or Google Play store, for that matter. I don't understand how this can possibly work unless your recipients are set up to receive PGP encrypted email as well. > We have successfully commanded both of ISEE-3's data multiplexers into engineering telemetry mode. The current bitrate is 512 bits/sec. BITS not even BYTES, let alone kilobytes. "Sorry honey, we can't go out to dinner for our anniversary...I have to be at mission control." Ok, so you've destroyed 10 small businesses and replaced them with 9 startups that fail after 18 months, and 1 that becomes a massive success. That's a win for the VC, and those 10 startups are "on average" profitable. But it's still a loss for society because now we don't have those 9 small businesses or their 9 "disruptive" replacements. Hahaha, I love this image: http://brix.io/welcome/assets/img/lh.png It's the most hipster thing I've ever seen. Was that intentional? > Of course, someone has to write the raw code, just as some farmer has to grow the wheat that winds up in the box of rigatoni at Safeway. But, as happened with farmers, far fewer coders will be needed as existing code gets repurposed. Theoretically, just one person on the planet will have to write the raw code that makes a computer perform a certain task. Just that one person. Sure. Google are already the deciders of what information should be easily accessible. They like to pretend that those decisions are somehow unimpeachable because they're made by an algorithm instead of directly by a human, but the algorithm is still written and adjusted by humans. Absolutely agree with this. As a formerly precocious child, I'm still trying to recover from quitting everything that din't come easily to me. For what it's worth, Rwanda is attempting to become a local tech hub: http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/the_next_silicon_va... This is pretty cool. Could it run on something like an Arduino? Hackers can be either white hats or black hats (or something in between: grey hats). The moral ambiguity is part of what makes the appellation interesting. This whole attempt to make "cracker" happen feels like a bunch of people desperate to call themselves "Hackers" and feel cool, but without scaring off boring BigCorp employers. If we have self-driving cars that are dramatically less likely to be involved in accidents, then we can start relaxing the safety requirements. That site looks like some really dubious ~~white supremacist~~ "race realist" propaganda page. Some headlines from the homepage: > Crime and the Hispanic Effect > Diversity and Excellence: Are They Compatible? > The Color of Death Row > Affirmative Action: The Robin Hood Effect. Edit, also: http://newsgroups.derkeiler.com/Archive/Rec/rec.music.classi... "I had never before heard of La Griffe du Lion. His article was so full of egregiously bad methodology and other mistakes that I at first assumed it was a satire of racist pseudoscience, the sort of thing that might be written for the Annals of Improbable Research or (if you're Alan Sokal) Social Text." Garbage in, garbage out. I don't trust that site's analysis, and I don't trust them to accurately report the underlying data without cherry-picking or selecting dubious studies. Given your comment history, you seem like somebody with an ideological axe to grind on the subject of racial and gender diversity, and I don't believe you selected this article from such an obscure source solely for its topicality. He says: > Having only raised $1 million in funding, the vast majority of the deal proceeds would go to employees. Also, a significant piece of the deal—more than 10 percent—had been set aside for restricted stock for them. It mentions 12 employees, so if you figure ($25.5m - $1m) * 10%) / 12 = about $204,000/per person in stock. We can only speculate about the non-stock allocation. > So the point of building a business and selling it is so you can post about it on Facebook? I think the point is getting millions of dollars.