To me this was a huge WTF? If they went to the trouble of making the back easily detachable, why did they deliberately do that? Almost feels like they're trolling the user: "Ha! Fooled you!" Even more so when they officially refer to it as the "battery door" in the documentation! https://motorola-global-en-roe.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod... I can remember that out of all the code I've written, I've very rarely needed a +1/-1 except as part of accessing a next/previous element, so at least from this data point, zero-based indexing makes the code simpler and easier to understand. That second example of yours I had to spend a lot more time reading (and mentally doing increments/decrements) to figure out. I'm almost willing to bet there would be more off-by-one errors if one-based somehow became the norm. And that's something that can be done in a single line at the terminal in Windows, OS X, or *nix. Learning how to use that effectively before learning how to code would already be a big step. It actually has a lot more processing power than the minimum required to "connect to the Internet" - TCP/IP and web servers have been implemented on microcontrollers with KBs of RAM. Parsing and rendering HTML, however, does need more than that... ...or maybe not, as this C64 web browser(!) shows: http://csdb.dk/release/?id=30400 You can already do something like this with smartcards (stick them on a reader/writer), although the data transfer rate and capacity is much lower... More like two connections plus a ton of short circuits... I read the title as "$0 commision block storage"... This looks closer to Mathematica/Maple/MATLAB than a basic calculator, although still nowhere near the power of those. Of course 1/0 should be +Infinity, not ?... (Disclaimer: I have a Mathematica console always open on my desktop, and regularly use it for all kinds of calculations.) Interesting to see that they're reusing what used to be the REP/REPNZ prefices for this purpose, rather than assigning a completely new (and likely 0F+) opcode. I suppose it's because the existing instruction decoder already recognises it as a prefix (they would just be ignored pre-Haswell.) To make a game from scratch, you must first reinvent the universe. Python advocacy aside, I agree that OOP is best taught when it "comes naturally" and NOT the first thing programmers should be learning. That is, the ideal sequence of concepts I think would be (along with a possibly contrived but relevant example): 1. Very basic, sequential computation. Add two numbers. 2. Conditional computation. Find the absolute value of two numbers. 3. Computations over homogenous data: Arrays and loops. Find the average of the absolute value of a set of numbers. 4. Computations over inhomogenous data: Structures. Find the area of a set of rectangles. 5. Computations over "even more inhomogenous" data: Objects. Find the area of a set of shapes of different types, and find the centroid of them. That's where you ask "how would you do this with what you've learned so far", and the learners should start to build different structures with a lot of similar aspects and duplication of code (I realize I didn't explicitly talk about the value of functions/procedures above, I guess it'd go somewhere after 3), and then you show them how much more straightforward it is to do with OOP. Now they know the value of OOP and what "doing it without" would entail, and you end up with a bunch of more knowledgeable programmers who won't needlessly create baroque class hierarchies and write more code than they need to, but will use those abstractions when they have value. There is a huge difference IMHO between e.g. being taught dogmatically "you MUST use functions because abstraction is good" like it is something you should take at face value, and being taught by being given a problem in which you do not know about functions at this point and thus write lots of duplicated code and then being shown the value of eliminating that duplication via functions. I've seen way too many learners create half a dozen classes with a ton of methods in them when given a problem that could be solved in a single function of a few lines, then have trouble figuring out what to put in the method bodies... it's completely backwards! No matter how much "architecture" you manage to create with deeply nested objects, in the end all the functionality of your code is essentially based on a series of statements executed in sequence, much like they would be in a purely procedural language. The fact that many otherwise highly-regarded educational institutions are churning out programmers who can create dozens of classes with dozens of methods in them, and then not know what goes in those methods, i.e. the actual "meat" of the computation, is something I find highly disturbing. If you view OO as a set of organisational facilities above procedural code, then it makes a lot of sense. The article is arguing that abstractions like OOP are unnecessary for a beginner. It is only after you understand procedural code that OOP "makes sense". To take that example even further down the "procedural with OO-ish conventions": Window_open(window); Line aLine; Line_make(aLine); Window_add(window, aLine); Because that's how a computer actually works, and the sequential execution concept is something that is intuitive to anyone who has followed a schedule, a recipe, been taught how to tie their shoelaces, ... , in essence, done any sort of living. Definitely. Structures are data grouped together, classes are that plus you can define functions to implicitly operate on their contents (also known as methods), extend them, etc. Then it becomes even easier to move onto C++. > I'm on a Mac so there's no scrollbars. There's your problem. They are still in use for modern mechanical watches with a date display - to advance the date wheel one day per two revolutions of the hour hand. NO, that is the wrong way to go. HDD is important (especially if you have an SSD) because it shows when it's being accessed, Wifi is even more important because you're communicating over the network when that one activates, and if it's doing so without any reason to then you should suspect something going on (like malware infection). Ditto for BlueTooth. If they're implemented well, hardware indicators are impossible to fake. One of my biggest gripes is how MS removed in Win7 the little connection icon in the system tray that shows when data is sent/received (it even split send/recv into two separate indicators, rather clever I think.) IMHO the trend of "simplification" is going too far. How about educating the users instead of making them more ignorant by hiding anything that they "wouldn't know about" (and making it harder for them to even start wondering about - and thus possibly learning)? "flexibility" is the same reason for why we have software designs that are many times more complex than necessary, an IMHO it's a line of reasoning that should be questioned more. As a compromise, the indicator could be wired-OR: software can turn on the indicator if it wants to, and it gets turned on if the camera is on, but software cannot turn it OFF if the camera is on. Things like this are sort of like seatbelts and helmets: you usually don't need it, but when you need it, you REALLY need it. Indicator LEDs usually just dim (unnoticeably) over time. Catastrophic failures do occur, but tend to be more likely with high-power torch/backlight LEDs that are driven hard to produce the most light rather than indicators which are operated at "visible but not too bright" levels. I have a keyboard from '86 and its numlock LED is still working perfectly fine after nearly 3 decades. configuration. It's also cheaper to "just do it in software". Some laptops will seriously overheat if left turned on without an OS loaded, because the *s that designed them didn't even bother to hook up the temperature sensor to the fan controller and left the "hook up" to OS-level drivers. Care to show any Apple laptops that don't have built-in webcams? Sorry to burst your bubble but actually that "physical switch to disable radios" is, if I remember correctly, just another signal to the wireless card (which runs its own firmware as well). It's not a true power kill. IMHO there's no much simpler way to write a CPU emulator than as a huge switch inside a loop as that models quite well what a real CPU does. Anything more just obfuscates the essence of the functionality. Coincidentally it's very likely the new Furby also uses a GeneralPlus 6502 (CMOS) core. I can also get a good idea whether the CPU is idle or doing some particular task just by listening to the motherboard. This isn't any sort of paranormal effect, it's quite audible. I suspect most of it comes from the inductors on the CPU vcore DC-DC converter. For me, the sounds I hear are somewhat like this: Animated GIF = chuff-chuff-chuff, one chuff per frame transition Scrolling terminal window = low hissing, like someone slowly breathing out Dragging window around the screen = high-pitched whine CPU stress test = very high-pitched whistling Loading a big app = a more noisy hiss than scrolling the terminal window, interspersed with HDD sounds I was tested at a young age to have above-average hearing range, so maybe that also has a factor in how well you can hear these things; I don't listen to loud music or subject myself to loud noises either. The problem in your case (no pun intended) seems to be the difficulty of "finding the right branch". With a CPU emulator, it's not so hard: look up the opcode and there it is. Would you rather scan through a single file or several dozen? Interesting trivia I've wondered about (like "why are the registers in x86 named in A, C, D, B order), not really any issue though; you memorise them just as well in any case if you work with enough code. What autocorrect thinks of "mobile devices", I guess. But people do use them an awful lot for watching movies too... In the case that the value you're switching on is a byte, and all 256 values are present in the case (very common for an 8-bit CPU emulator), a switch is a single instruction. You can't get faster/simpler than that. A little hint for improvement: condition() could be implemented as a switch instead of a long if-chain. Did you use this for generating the opcodes? The Z80 ISA encoding is quite regular and octal-based: http://www.z80.info/decoding.htm Do you pronounce it 'stidder'? And before reading the article I already had the impression that it came from someone seeing error messages going to an awfully inappropriate place. > The researchers examined the printer nozzle after printing, though, and found that a lot of cells were sticking to the interior surface All the advances in science and we still cannot figure out how to stop a printhead from clogging. ;) They could've used a 32-bit comparison instead, which would remove much of the oddities (and probably run at the same speed on modern processors). There's always a pattern to the opcodes, even though in some cases it's not quite so obvious (like x86 - it's octal too). The reason has to do with how it's implemented in hardware. The 6502's is only slightly less regular than the z80 and here's an interesting article about that: http://www.pagetable.com/?p=39 IMHO the switch would improve both style and performance, what caught my eye when I looked over the code was that different flags would require different amounts of time to execute, which really seems an odd thing for an emulator to do. Intel does. http://code.google.com/p/corkami/wiki/x86oddities#register_o... I like the story of PHP because it is a very powerful reminder that ultimately what matters is that something works, not that it is beautifully designed or appeals to some other higher-order train of thought. It's a very grassroots-style of innovation where pragmatism prevails, and there is no "right" way that people dogmatically follow. You don't have to know much about data structures or hashing to do anything useful, just find a way that works. You don't have to worry about finding the "perfect design". If people can learn a language like English with far more irregularity, inconsistent function names are the least of their worries. Just do it. And I find that very inspirational and motivating because it says that anyone who puts enough effort into getting something done, will. ...like everyone who has learned C or its derivatives. It's just part of the vocabulary of the language. You could as well ask "what's a list comprehension " in Python, for example. Never seen that one, but I think it's cute. On the other hand, you now have something that could easily be turned into a regex for detecting spam. The majority also use unbranded/local/clone Android handsets (including ones that look like iPhones). > User experience while crashing improved; some users have reported over a 200% improvement here lolwut? > Directory listing is now more accurate It was inaccurate before? What I find when I work with "pointy" data structures is that it really, really helps to draw diagrams to clarify your thinking. I can write a doubly-linked list extraction with my eyes closed (and it'd probably help to do it with closed eyes, since I can more easily picture what's going on) but it very likely won't look anything like yours... what's dec for? And all the extraneous underscores in the variable names, I don't see why you need them. What's wrong with p and p? XML? For key remapping ? Seriously...? The first thing to come to mind when I read the parent was Sean Wrona too... I use StickyKeys which lets me hit Shift and then a letter, which I think is even faster since you don't have to "un-shift" like you would with CapsLock. I don't know when but very shortly after I started to use vi I learned about and used Ctrl+[, and have been doing that to this day. I still tend to use ^[ instead of Esc by instinct, even when it doesn't work in any other program. Indeed, a bootable browser has little use outside of... web browsing. Even an old machine with an old OS is more usable, especially when there's no network connectivity. That happens a lot more than you think with a laptop. > I still can't multiply two-digit numbers in my head but that never posed a problem in calculus, computer science, chemistry, physics, or anything else. How about daily life? Would you rather pull out a calculator? In my experience, (fast) mental arithmetic is very very useful for all sorts of things. Shopping, driving, eating, anything. Perhaps programming should be taught with smaller programs, if it requires syntax highlighting to "[break]down code into units". (Personally, I hate syntax highlighting because it looks like "like a clown vomited all over the page"; I find it incredibly distracting, especially when different colours have different contrasts against the background. The only time I find it a little useful is to match opening parentheses with their closing ones, and even there I prefer shades of grey to colour.) First read that as "Operation Vulva ". Oops. Kingston used to rebrand Intel SSDs (same controller, just a smaller amouht of flash) for the "value market", so not surprising they were good. I got an Intel SSD (G1 80GB) in my laptop to do OS development (drivers), which incidentally is a use case that requires lots of hard resets. Never had any problems with it, and it's been through dozens if not hundreds of hard reset cycles. In fact I got the SSD specifically because I didn't want to be spinning up/down a disk that much, and laptops tend not to have reset buttons (they really need one, IMHO.) >If a power loss causes the flash to scribble on the wrong SSD location (e.g. the tables that keep track of good and bad blocks), the SSD "dies". The problem isn't that data is corrupted in the flash, the problem is that the devices' own firmware (the SSD's embedded controller, which is a tiny computer in itself, "boots" from that) is stored in the same memory used for data storage. They could've gotten around this by not storing the firmware on the actual NAND used for data, but a separate device (or kept it inside the controller itself), so any power loss may cause data corruption, but not render the SSD completely unresponsible and inoperable. IBM/Lenovo has been doing this with their wireless cards, I wouldn't doubt Apple on this either. But instead of it being a whitelist it could just be they decided to strip out support/detection for all other members of the CPU family. I'm pretty sure Apple can't "fix" this since Intel doesn't offer Xeons in BGA. TCP is only complex because of all the optional bits for performance tuning, but if you are only interested in size, look on the embedded side. The actual core functionality is much smaller, and I would even go as far as to say that a lot of the widely used open-source TCP/IP stacks obfuscate this with their added complexities. E.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UIP_(micro_IP) As long as there are things like SeaBIOS, there is no need for UEFI. I think one thing has to do with the fact that you can find a lot more detailed information about Unix-like OSs than anything else (e.g. Windows), and the general principles being available on over many vendors/variants also makes it a more "generic OS" instead of e.g. tied to Microsoft. SIP/SIPS is nice. You can just use your IP[:port] as your phone number, and forwarding the required ports isn't too hard either if you're behind a NAT. The main issue is the firmware being stored in the same flash memory the rest of the data is, so it's subject to the same corruption. "bit rot" in NAND flash is real - the stored charges will gradually leak out, and especially with the shrinking of each bit cell and MLC, even data that's sitting there dormant will gradually erase itself so the firmware has to periodically rewrite these blocks, at the same time moving them around to do wear leveling (another thing that has been sacrificed in the higher density shrinkage is write endurance.) Corrupting data or BMTs if powered off in the middle of a write is not such a bad thing compared to if that data happens to be the drive's firmware. In the former case at worst you lose a superblock and the OS doesn't boot, but you can still recover from that fairly easily compared to the latter case, where the drive can become no longer responsive. > UNIX is defined by the idea that any end-user might decide to become a programmer at any moment, and this is OK and perhaps even desirable. Very, very desirable in my view; in contrast to the raging trend of simplification/hiding going on these days, trying to turn computers into sealed-box appliances "you're not supposed to know how it works" that give little in the way of things that can get people interested in learning more about them, I find classic UNIX to be very open in encouraging users to learn more about the system. I remember in the pre-Pentium II days people cared rather little about power consumption (TDPs were only a few watts or maybe a dozen at most), and the idle process was basically a very tight infinite loop. Around the time of the PII people (especially overclockers) started noticing that the CPU would stay cooler when halted, and thus started a little industry of "CPU cooling software"... there's an interesting historical page on that here: http://estu.nit.ac.jp/~e982457/other/cpuidle/idle.htm A modern processor, on the other hand, takes a few watts halted and a hundred or more when active, and transitions between these states many many times per second. How much things have changed... x = 5 x := 5 mov x, 5 mov 5, x 5 = x x = x - y sub x, y Most programming languages have dst, src order. It also making comparisons/subtractions and conditional jumps very confusing to read. But would they also be able to replace the public key of the authors in all the other places it appears on the Internet? Oh, that sort of router... For a second I thought someone had coded an IP router in PHP. Which would be a really interesting thing to see, if not particularly practical. I like the sound of computer fans.. the ones I have are a soft hum, which I find rather pleasant. Compilers have gotten better, but in comparison to a human, they are still not particularly good at the edge cases. Things like instruction selection and register allocation in particular, sometimes I wish I had the time to write my own more intelligent algorithms for them. > because you are making the assumption that people want strangers executing code on their machines Except that's pretty much what happens every time you visit a website with JS enabled... It does. ISO/IEC 9899:1999, 6.5.8, p6 has this to say: "Each of the operators (greater than), = (greater than or equal to) shall yield 1 if the specified relation is true and 0 if it is false. The result has type int." cmp price, 100 cmc salc and al, 5 add al, 5 6 bytes not including comparison. "You don't get into the demoscene, the demoscene gets into you." :) I don't see it as a flaw, but now that it's brought to light I think it deserves more investigation. I'd really like to see an open-source SD controller, maybe even one of the SD-to-raw-flash type. But on the other hand, I think we should be enjoying the relative freedom of today (and trying to preserve it for the future); it seems too many are trying to spin "security" as something beneficial, when what they are really saying is "we're making things secure against you and taking away your freedom so we can control what you do; it's also effective at securing against attackers, which is all we're going to promote". If this line of thinking continues we may see devices in the future that are even more locked-down and user-hostile. (FYI I've worked with embedded systems for quite a bit and also knew SD cards had firmware in them that could be modified, but never really investigated it - just put it in the back of my mind as one of those "I'm curious enough that if I had the time I'd have a go at it" things - along with several dozen others.) With process sizes where they are today, there's basically going to be nothing remaining after one erase + program. Raw flash today is already struggling to hold the contents of one write cycle as it is, never mind remaneance from several... IMHO "code golf" would be a lot more fun and interesting (and even practical in some ways) if the goal was to produce the smallest executable and not source . I wonder if MOVEM was inspiration for ARM's (V)LDM/STM instructions? x86 has provided an optimised memory copy instruction ever since the 8086: REP MOVS. The history and evolution of this instruction has quite an interesting story from a CPU architecture perspective. But it may still be an 8-bit 8051 core, from around the same era. You may also find that your monitor's embedded controller is a 6502. These old architectures just won't die, they tend to turn up everywhere now. Originally the instruction was the fastest way to do a block copy, and generally this was the case until MMX appeared, and then it fell into the set of "microcoded CISC instructions no one really uses" - so Intel didn't bother to optimise it much (the RISC fad was also really starting to take off in the PC world at the time) and it started falling behind. But then, in the post-P4 era, when CPU designers realised that high clock speeds weren't everything, and it was better to make instructions do more per clock instead, it got a lot more attention and a lot of detailed information about that can be found in this thread: http://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/topic/275765 Even more recently (Nehalem and beyond), they really started paying attention to optimising this instruction, so that even the byte/word variants will copy entire cache lines at once if possible. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8858778/why-are-complicat... (IMHO the 2nd answer to that question should really have been chosen, since the 1st answer would be closer to reality a decade or two ago.) In a time when computation is largely constrained by memory bandwidth, the size optimisation can have quite practical benefits. There will definitely be variance on different systems but this is why you standardise on the system for a competition. Also, I think it's not quite so impressive to see a 100-byte source file turn into a few hundred KB or few MB binary as it is to see what could be done in a 64K, 4K, or even 256 bytes binary. Yes, this used to be how you flashed a BIOS for a bricked motherboard, when BIOS chips used to be socketed: boot the good board, pull the BIOS chip (while it's running), put the bad/blank one in the socket, and flash, then power everything off again and put the good one back. > Or at least an open source BIOS. http://www.coreboot.org/ I remember when most motherboards would have a physical BIOS write-protect switch, which would've prevented all software from modifying it. These days it's been eliminated from most if not all, for reasons of cost and "but it'll require the user to open the case to upgrade the BIOS!" -- and apparently, the automatic updating software for some laptops will update the BIOS in the background without warning , which is even more disturbing to me... It's much faster and there are certainly people who don't care because the data is worthless to anyone but them. The randomly generated talks here are just as hilarious: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/#talks But the sad thing is, you could probably show stuff like this on a TV series as a "this is what research produces" and the majority of people wouldn't know any better. Isn't it just voltage times current? :) I'd like to have more control over my browser in general, and I think many here also share the same thought. The issue is that browser vendors seem to make it harder and harder to customise these sorts of things by removing configuration options etc. And requiring to install an extension/plugin to get this ability just makes it harder for the average user to become aware of and take control of this. What a word-soup of a title. For some reason I parsed "worry drug" as a single noun and wondered why their makers are poor... > coupled with some physical BIOS chip reader. And the chip reader needs to be cheap enough for us to assemble ourselves; we can't really trust some company to make it for us, because the company could be coerced into subverting it or it could be subverted in transit after we order it. So it seems like we need an open source blueprint of a BIOS chip reader that's cheap and easy enough for anyone to make themselves. (A tall order, to be sure.) BIOS chips these days are almost invariably SPI serial interface, which means it is not difficult to make a bare-minimal "manual" one with a battery, a couple of LEDs, resistors, and switches. Just key in a read command by hand, then read out each bit as you pulse the clock line. Pretty hard to subvert something as simple as that, but the problem is how long it will take, so maybe you could do this just to verify the bits that comprise a "root of trust" and not the entire BIOS image. It seems that communities that mainly use programming languages for reasons of "getting stuff done" value backwards compatibility the most; they are the ones who would rather not have to spend the time "upgrading" things that used to work perfectly fine, and would rather use that time to do something more useful and related to their ultimate goals. Personally I think backwards compatibility is getting less attention than it deserves, and that software should evolve slowly and gradually and not suddenly make huge leaps, because all these breaking changes start to look like they're just creating unnecessary, wasteful work. Imagine if things like mains plugs changed every few months, with appliancemakers all adopting the newest backwards-incompatible version. In some ways software is easier to change than hardware, but at the same time we must remember that effort needs to be expended to perform these changes as well, effort that could be used in other ways, and often there is a lot of interconnectedness in the systems we are trying to change. >Apple doesn't think people need them I am more inclined to say Apple doesn't want people to think they need them. Those caps in the PSU are going to get pretty cooked judging from their position... I would love to see Python seriously consider dropping case and underscore sensitivity in order to speed up developers How? By making it harder to find all occurrences of an identifier? Case sensitivity is debatable since editors have the option to ignore case during searches, but ignoring underscores isn't something any text editor I've seen has as a default search feature. Indeed, documentation is another thing that is going to show schisms, not just code. Backwards-incompatibility means that the majority of Python tutorials and books are just going to be broken, and one of the worst experiences I've had is with finding example code/description online for something, only to discover it won't actually work for the latest version. I have a WGR614v6: it shows no response from port 32764 both from internet and local. At first I thought it was this, which has been known for a long time now: http://wiki.openwrt.org/toh/netgear/telnet.console It almost felt like the memes were for obfuscation, because they certainly had that effect on me. I'd say if this was a presentation, it would be neither informative nor professional. A well-placed meme for humour can be good, I agree. It used to be the case that unaligned memory accesses were twice or more slower because they literally required multiple bus cycles, but for x86 that hasn't been true since the Core 2 at least: http://lemire.me/blog/archives/2012/05/31/data-alignment-for... And MSVC doesn't support GCC's pragma, so for optimal portability #pragma pack(1) is my preferred way of doing it. Coming from an 8-bit assembly background, I've always found this alignment size/speed tradeoff to be a little vexing (either it's slower, or we're wasting memory), and thought "couldn't the hardware be better?" so finding out that x86 has evolved to the point where unaligned accesses basically have no penalty was really pleasing. No more bytes wasted, so we can have small and fast. (How do they do this? By making the memory bus a lot wider than a word, among other things.) IMHO ARM is just starting to see the value of this and catching up, if only the other architectures would do the same... Intel actually put in an feature to trap on unaligned access starting with the 486 (and it still exists today) - look up the AC "alignment check" flag. Of course almost no one used that feature since x86 supported unaligned access from the very beginning, and I think this flexibility is one of the reasons why it's stayed competitive: lots of features initially, not all of them optimal (e.g. division instruction on the 8088 was extremely slow), then improve on them with each new microarchitecture, the result being that existing software benefits from these improvements. In contrast, an architecture that didn't support unaligned access would not do much for existing software if faster instructions for unaligned access were introduced since they wouldn't be used. > It always amused me how Apple is capable of producing so quality hardware and has so bright ideas in design , but makes so awful lot of questionable decisions in software. > I have a MacBook Air and delete key is only 3mm apart from power key and I mishit it from time to time. Am I the only one who thinks the first sentence is a bit sarcastic? I've never used a Macbook Air before, but now that I look at its keyboard... wow. I think accidentally pressing the power button because it looks and feels just like the other keys on the keyboard is a bad design. The one on my laptop is isolated from all the other keys, looks and feels very differenet, and recessed to prevent accidental activation. UTF-8 is variable length in that it can be anywhere from 1 to 4 bytes, while UTF-16 can either be 2 or 4. That makes a UTF-16 decoder/encoder half as complex as a UTF-8 one. > Even worse, you may not even know it fails above the BMP, because those characters are so rare you might never test with them. I don't think this is too relevant because anyone who claims to know UTF-16 should know about the surrogates. And if you are handling mostly Asian text (which is where UTF-16 is more likely to be chosen), then those high characters become a lot more common. On each full paragraph line of text on this blog there are about 75 characters—which is widely regarded as the most characters that you can put on a line and still have it optimal for readers. I still use 80 columns as the limit on all the text documents I write, including source code. Occasionally I'll push it up to 128 but most of the time even I personally prefer 80 as an ideal width. Also, who maximises a browser, unless their monitor is tiny? Especially with resolutions where they are today. I have around a dozen other apps open at the moment and none of them are maximised. It's also cost reduction: why install an extra dedicated switch in the top case when you could reuse one of the keyboard's keys instead? I'm sure if they wanted to, they could come up with some other, less disruptive function to map to a key there. Do you have one of the ones with a separate power button? Who thought it was going to be about screen resolutions before clicking? Mine are 1280x1024 too, and I've never had to maximise windows much - the browser window I'm posting this comment from happens to be 900x600. I'm a little surprised it's not GPS-based, with prices on GPS modules these days easily below $20. Make it powered by water movement and you can have receivers nearby to pick up the signals, so that you can see exactly which sharks are where, how fast they're moving, their depth, etc. The signals just have to be strong enough to be receivable when the shark is reasonably near, any since any that are farther away are of less concern. Even better if they show them on a big screen at the beach. And post-XP a lot of things which used to be there and provided a "good experience" to some users are gone, so some things are more of a loss than a gain: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... And you might be surprised how many are still using 2K or 98SE, whole communities have developed around providing further patches and improvements. OSs that are "dead" in the mainstream continue on as things approach more of the "retro" community... (I'm still using XP, haven't needed more than that. Will likely still use it even after MS stops support. I also regularly used 98SE up until around '08, then I dual-booted with XP until '10.) ...shared among all the processes in the system. Having 8MB of cache to yourself may seem like a lot, but share it equally with 100 others and you're left with ~80KB. I was just going to post that. Mike is a man who knows his stuff. I was also expecting a long article or something when it turned out to be just a few bar graphs and tables. No complex formatting or anything else that would possibly justify it. Why can't they just put the results on the webpage directly so we don't have to take an extra step? That's what bothers me the most. You might be interested in this: http://hg.pdclib.e43.eu/pdclib It's a public domain C library, much smaller and less of a monster than glibc, plus you don't have to worry about any implications of reading GPL code. The lack of shielding is rarely any problem. Two oscillators is not better than one, since PLLs can generate the required clocks (480MHz = 25 / 5 x 96, 100MHz = 25 x 4, 125MHz = 25 x 5); SMSC has some USB/Ethernet solutions that use the same 25MHz frequency. > The Windows drivers are the exact same digitally signed ones that Microsoft distributes through Windows Update AFAIK there is a standard device class for "USB ethernet controllers", so any chipset that conforms to it will work fine with the standard drivers. As for the unmarked chip - many IC companies are not averse to creating custom designs for a specific customer (and marking it however you want) if you're willing to buy enough. I don't think it's ASIX since they don't have the single 25MHz clock source; more willing to bet on Microchip or SMSC. You know it is usually pretty trivial to assign whatever MAC you want to them. (I have an unbranded Android phone that assigns a random MAC address every time I turn WiFi on/off. Apparently this happens since they didn't bother to initialise the EEPROM and just left it at all zeroes. But this means being harder to track, so I consider it more a feature than a bug...) But all of that speculation is not comparable to actually seeing the clone work in real-world situations. I would've liked to see the OP do a benchmark on transfer rates between the original and the clone. (Unless he aleady did one and didn't find any difference.) Agree completely. I think that contemporary CS education is really responsible for this "more complexity is better" mentality, by encouraging overly general and abstracted solutions, and that abstraction should really be applied only when it's necessary and not as a "just because we can" thing. Aspiring programmers could learn a lot from the demoscene, where astonishingly impressive things are done with very little code and complexity. I guess both of these were related to nested interrupts somehow? As someone who has worked with Win32 for a long time, I think the problem is quite simple; in the message loop body someone put something like if(dataAvailable()) fetchData(); and assumed regular window messages to drive execution of this process. If you don't move the mouse or do anything else with the window, no messages are sent to it (unless a timer or something else does) and the message loop just waits for the next message, so that code doesn't get run. If you move the mouse around in the window a constant stream of WM_MOUSEMOVE will drive the loop. Polling really shouldn't be done in the main message loop; one way to fix this is to move to a completely event-driven system where dataAvailable() sends a message that causes the main loop to run fetchData(). USB descriptors are programmed in the EEPROM, so they could've made it identify itself as anything they wanted. If you can dump the EEPROM, that can provide more clues - the configuration format does differ between manufacturers. Sorry, didn't see that (just dived right into the teardown. :) So it's a ~7% difference, indicating that it's not a straight clone but different silicon with a compatible interface. If you look at the vendors on AliBaba/AliExpress (where the prices are usually too good to be true anyway), the AX88772ALF chip alone goes for between $4 and $14 USD with a median of $8. The RD9700 is "USB 2.0" and what they don't tell you is that it's actallly "USB 2.0 (FS)", i.e. the 12Mbps full speed mode. It also comes in a 32-pin package, and comes from a shady-looking company ( http://www.corechip-sz.com/ ) that has parts numbered 6872 and 6873, so the "RD6877" on the PCB of OP's clone suggests it might be a RD6877. If you go only on the definition of a clone being "compatible interface", then there are tons of other examples of that in the electronics industry - it's more commonly known for simpler parts like voltage regulators (how many companies make a '7805?), opamps, transistors, etc. but also occurs with more complex ones too. IC companies make unadvertised products all the time, for anyone who is willing to buy enough... look at Apple's Lightning cable and TI's BQ2025, for instance. > Instruction codings are complex and irregular in size and structure, with multiple addressing modes and no consistent memory placement for operands, very often multiple possible encodings for the same instruction It's only complex and irregular if you look at it wrong. ;) The x86 (like the 808{5,6} and the Z80) instructions look organised in an octal format: ftp://mipt.cc/Opcode.txt I haven't inspected the code in any detail to see if it takes advantage of this. Note that you can link with MSVCRT.DLL to get an even smaller binary. Now you have a tiny emulator binary built from a tiny emulator source. I just put in rubbish for that part. OCR'ing books isn't bad, but I really don't find the idea of helping Google with house numbers appealing at all. Agree, plain USB (i.e. something like a webcam) would be a much better interface. On the other hand, if this really catches on, and the sensor technology cheapens, in a decade or two we may start to see generic webcam-like thermal cameras from China showing up in the $10 range... which would be rather fun. New advice: after typing PIN, place your palm over the buttons to heat them all evenly. Are you going to "upgrade" it? I wonder how a table lookup compares? Something like mov edx, @table xor eax, eax loop: mov al, [ecx] inc ecx cmp byte [edx+eax], 0 jnz loop I really wish Intel would optimise lodsb, scasb, and the rest of the string instructions, since they're powerful and particularly suited for this sort of scanning. What is with all the use of line graphs for showing categorical vs continuous data? Did the authors not know about bar graphs? It looks absurd and ridiculous. I've set my browser to use a fixed-width font (similar to the X terminal ones but with some minor improvements like slashed zero) and override the sizes, precisely so I don't have to deal with some horrible choices some websites make. I use what works best for me. I wouldn't say their semantics have changed but certainly their implementation. The fact that Intel used to recommend against using them but now advises the opposite, suggests that scas/cmps (memchr/memset) could be next. In any case, the thought of one machine instruction doing better than lots of carefully hand-written assembly is nice. On some tour buses in China, the rear view camera's position is adjustable with a joystick on the dashboard. Cached doesn't mean free. Every byte of JS still has to get parsed even if it won't ever be used. I really like how this demoscene-like mentality of being efficient with our computing power by only applying the minimal, needed complexity has started to get a more mainstream following. The traditional approach of piling on more complexity in the form of abstractions and other things is simply not sustainable. "The fastest way to do something is to not do it at all." On the other hand, I find it reassuring that you can easily become root if you have physical access, since it means being able to easily recover from screwups with your regular account. I've noticed that secure systems have the property that the more secure they are against attackers, the easier it is to be locked out of what you own. From one of the linked blogs containing details: > There were lots of dynamic allocations This surprises me; a lot of codecs are specified in such as way as to not require dynamic allocation at all. I hypothesise that if it was written in another language, we would just see bugs appear in a different form. The point of the flashing brake light is to get your attention, apparently it's legal at least in the EU. > It is not impossible to conceive of malicious code being able to exploit an unpatched browser flaw and overdrive the motor to destruction. The vibrator motors used in phones are not that fragile and vibrate being stuck on will more likely just annoy you and drain the battery faster than usual -- that is, until you get annoyed enough to pull it out. ( Maybe annoy you, as a quick search shows plenty of people who want their phone to vibrate continuously... for whatever reason.) Reminds me of those quote I've heard a few times: "gdb is designed to make you hate using it, encouraging you to be more careful when you write code." Here's a comment which suggests that at least some of them are thinking 1 star is the best: Kubilay Tekin: I hadn't gave 1 star just because I want my comment gets shown on top, I actually think that the game is aweful aqws.w.wew..ws (I've seen this phenomenon before - there are quite a few who associate 1 with first place , hence surveys and such often have the [1 = worst, 10 = best] next to each "rate xxx on a scale of 1 to 10") I saw it as that he is giving 1 star because he wants the comment to be seen, but actually thinks it was awful (implying that he wouldn't give 1 if it wasn't awful). Either way the grammar certainly taxed my parser... > 666,355 For a second I misread that as 65,536 (64K) reviews. It has a very... steampunk aesthetic to it. If I've interpreted this correctly, it means that all values between 256 and 65535 can't be encoded this way since they all have the form 0x0000nn00 with a nonzero nn, and those are the bits that can't be gotten to from rotating. > DDR4 can be twice as fast as DDR3 Emphasis mine. DDR3 was theoretically supposed to be twice as fast as DDR2, but real-world benchmarks showed nowhere near that level of improvement. Thanks, overlooked that detail. Very interesting encoding scheme. From my experience on x86, GCC's -Os isn't that great - looks like it's the same for ARM. 10mg of radioactive material can cause a lot more trouble than you think... especially since the hazards are of a less familiar nature than e.g. fire. > I was expecting it to be a lookup table. There's one ISA I've worked with before that does have -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, and some other "commonly used constants" like powers of 2 encoded specially in the immediate. I think it was an 8-bit, but I can't remember exactly which one. Anyone know what I'm referring to? I remember there was a "never" condition, which was present just for completeness; it turns out ARM eventually found that having 2^28 different NOPs would not be a good use of opcode space, so it's now a special extension for newer instructions... Humans are familiar with fire and heat. They are not so familiar with the effects of radioactivity. That's the scheme. Although probably MSP430 took its inspiration from the one I had in mind since I was thinking of an 8-bit MCU from the early 80s - might've been Motorola. I've never been a fan of automatic updates for this reason. Changing things silently, while seemingly praised by some "usability experts", implies taking away user choice and replacing it with submissiveness. It's creepy. What are Chrome extensions written in? I don't use Chrome but if it's JS then it wouldn't be difficult to verify these claims. I don't like infinite scrolling either because there is seemingly no end, and no "landmarks" like page numbers that you can refer to to see how far you've gone. A news item a short while ago had the similarly phrased "router in PHP" and for a moment I thought someone had actually used PHP to write a layer-3 networking device. Would it be of any benefit if Uber cars were less identifiable? > For reference, the 15-minute law mentioned in the article is a restriction that companies like Uber have to force their customers to wait at least 15 minutes This law is disadvantageous both for the customer and the driver, so just how difficult would it be to even enforce? Is this a practical, answerable question based on an actual problem that you face? Well, in this case it seems the actual problem... is your face. What I was really getting at was more like who would be the one wanting to enforce this; customers and drivers alike wouldn't want to follow it. I once spent a rather long time trying to get Linux to work like Windows, but in the end gave up because it still didn't "feel right" to me. I think *nix has an awesome CLI, but dismal GUI options, while Windows is just the opposite. And don't forget they're actually stripping out tons of features from the newer versions too, and in the process also making it require more resources at the same time. He doesn't even have his own email anymore and has to borrow someone else's? I hope the rate of change decreases... but I think it's going the opposite way. We are generating enough e-waste as it is already without a mass trashing of otherwise perfectly working machines not powerful enough to run a newer OS. Each new CPU model released is already providing smaller and smaller improvements in performance. The day when hardware stops getting faster and bigger couldn't come soon enough; maybe that's when software will actually get more efficient and we'll finally realize what a wasteful approach we've been taking with software development for the past few decades... > The world isn't going to improve if we optimize for older generations of people who are used to a certain way of doing things and dislike change. And that statement goes beyond software. On the other hand, it isn't going to get worse either...! I'm also in the group who thinks that many of the changes occurring with software today are really only done for the sake of change, to create work, and not actually beneficial. I think the newest trend of hiding UI elements "because it looks better" or "for more screen real-estate" (when screen resolutions continue to get larger) almost borders on being offensively patronising. Except Win 9 would probably require a machine with over 100x the CPU power than what 3.1 needed, and yet still not be any better for the basic tasks of email, writing documents, etc... My guess is that "daughter killed in car crash" ended up in the field where someone's position would usually go. Reminds me of this: http://www.snopes.com/business/consumer/bastard.asp > The internet would be a much cooler & smoother place if all webapp-devs could assume that everyone is using the most up-to-date, cutting-edge browser. I wish Google would enforce this by choosing 2 saturdays every month to simply break Youtube for anyone on an out-of-date browser. This sort of attitude really, really disgusts me, as an end-user (and webpage-writer). Many of the things that are being pushed on us, many of us do not need nor want . We want stability, not constant change. Breaking things that used to work is one of the worst things to do. Requiring users to use (and in many cases relearn) newer, more resource-consuming software just creates waste, in the physical and chronological sense. What "new features" exactly, and how do they have a "positive impact" on the end user ? I disagree with the sentiment that somehow using new features is obligatory and directly related with how much "better" a website is; in fact the most informative and most visited sites I use, are also the ones that tend to be the oldest and not use any of these new features- often hand-written HTML4 or even 3.2. > There are major advances happening in webdevelopment and they'd move even faster if webdevs didn't have to worry about people who refuse to let go of some old browser. The point is precisely that we don't want you to "move even faster", because it more often than not means breaking things that used to work perfectly fine for the end-user, and the only people who are really benefitting from these changes are the ones getting paid to "fix" things that weren't really broken in the first place - i.e. the "web developers", of whom there are far fewer than end-users (or just people who want to share their knowledge with the world and write a few HTML pages)! So... what new features exactly would those be...? Agree, in fact if this happened to me - given that I work with some of the systems that could give rise to such things - I would probably be more amused and curious to find out what happened, than angry. ("How did you even know that...?") I agree, although Intel is still not as open as they were back in the e.g. 8086 days - stuff related to the BIOS/memory controller init sequence is still AFAIK requiring NDA. Better than AMD, at least - just try finding the pinout of socket AM2, which was released over 7 years ago. I very recently had to help someone who was using a new Win8 laptop, and it's amazing how much the little things matter - like the title bar's text being centred. I had several notepads open and it was difficult to see which one was which file, because with the text at the edge I would usually leave that edge of the window sticking out beneath the others, but with the title centred I can't see the filename from either side. That seriously annoyed me. Loop unrolling is actually becoming somewhat of an outdated technique for modern processors: http://www.agner.org/optimize/blog/read.php?i=142 "It is so important to economize the use of the micro-op cache that I would give the advice never to unroll loops." I don't know how AMD compares. Currently the Tesla userbase is relatively small so it might not be that worth pwning, but as cars start becoming more like this, we might start seeing some worrying news items... and I'm almost willing to bet at least one person in the world, if not a group, is already trying to find exploits in one. It already astounds me greatly how much common people don't know the basics about EM fields when we've essentially been immersing ourselves in them for over 100 years . The main danger is power level causing heating/burns - and a microwave operating at 1000W+ is going to do that far more easily than a router with 1W at most. > Plagiarism isn’t a crime Copyright...? I like how it has more I/O options than the real thing. They've been around in China for a looooooong time... Depends what you mean by "decent"... The world's fastest typist, Sean Wrona, would abhor that - he uses capslock instead of shift(!) He can go 200WPM+ so, clearly he's doing something right... Could a lot of that activity just be bots? There are some people who actually google... Google. I don't agree that Google should be the one doing this, most browsers have a setting for referer like off/on/same-domain-only and if someone wants privacy they can set it the way they like. It's also extremely irritating if you're copying a link to the site from Google. The thing about this cartridge is that it's a physical object, and people can generally see more value in possessing one rather than effectively just a very large integer... someone has already dumped the ROM for this one and you can find it offered in a lot of places online. I noticed this a few weeks ago (not sure exactly, but I don't really mistype domain names all that often either) and I can remember the first time that 198.x IP showed up I was rather shocked since the domain I mistyped was my own site's (!), but they seem to have stopped doing it now. Perhaps L3 themselves have a lot of stuff both within and outside their subnet that depends on these servers behaving correctly. I'm one of those weird guys who thinks this game would be a whole lot more fun if all you had were NAND gates. Nothing exciting here... if you have physical access, it's game over. But this also has a positive side: Ensure that FireWire drivers are present and not removed from the system In other words, if you don't have FireWire drivers installed, then this won't do anything; another plus for not installing the drivers for those who have a system with FireWire ports but never need to use them. My laptop has both FireWire and USB controllers disabled, the former because I never use it and the latter because I almost never use it - and when I do, I find it's not too much hassle to go into the Device Manager and enable the one for the one port I intend to use. Another positive side-effect is that the USB drivers seem to take a rather long time to initialise, so booting is much faster without them. I like how it has more I/O options than the real thing. I'd probably not use an Apple logo though... maybe a pear? :) This would be possible with regular PCI which is bus-based, but PCIe is a star topology with ports on the upstream switch needing to be configured into an active state for the newly plugged in device to communicate with the rest of the system. I haven't looked at the specifications but I imagine it's the same for Thunderbolt - the controller itself has to be enabled first. Something about this reminds me of RTP... Is there something about the C++ standard (templates?) that requires recursive include to be valid? Because that first one looks like it would be really easy to check for and stop. No 2-stroke diesel? (They make the most awesome sounds, IMHO. Especially the Detroits.) Well... the lawyers want you to think it's not really yours, it's the copyright holder's... Ditto for "My Computer", "My Documents", etc. I think Vista was the first to get rid of the "My" prefix - and whatever reason they give for it, I still think they want to slowly separate users from the idea that they own (and thus are in control) of their machines... I'm also allergic to dogs (and cats), and so policies like these would just make me go somewhere else. I don't particularly understand what advantage there is in bringing a dog to work anyway... yes, you probably love your pets but the same goes for children, that doesn't mean they should be with you when you work. Ocaml's VM is written in C. I was much the same - started out with Z80 asm, moved onto x86 shortly after that, and never really liked HLLs (including C) until I was almost 18 - I always felt I could do better than the compilers at the time (and I did), so there wasn't any reason to move up. I still use C and x86 asm frequently, more the former now, but I'll sometimes go back to something I wrote in C before and start rewriting bits of it in asm just to see how much smaller I could make it. > Because such effort is required there's a slight cost in writing code which makes you think what you want to write in the first place. It also tends to make you think of the simplest, minimal design that works, and that translates into more efficient and straightforward code. Higher level languages make some things really easy, but then I always feel a little disappointed by just how much resources I'm wasting afterwards. In some cases, we want freedom ... and that's something that has been neglected a bit too much with new programming languages IMHO. Safety/security feels like it's the latest of the dumbing-down "let's treat programmers like idiots" fad. From memory, the Z80 and x86 don't have a reset instruction. On a 286+ you can fake one by triple-faulting. That makes me wonder why "eliminating unused sections" isn't a default, as it feels like the compiler is doing a lot of unnecessary work if it's generating 1.5M of output that actually has only 20k of useful stuff in it. > This isn't because C is more popular, but because it is a low level language. I consider C to be high level enough to be reasonably portable and expressive, but at the same time low level enough that it can do a lot of things higher level languages can't. It took me a bit too long to figure out that you weren't implying they use their dog as a toilet...! I think reusing the Opteron name is really not a good idea, since now there'll be x86 Opterons and ARM Opterons. Maybe Apteron would've been a better choice... And clock speed can't be compared across (micro)architectures either - remember the days of NetBurst P4s? As far as I know, x86 (P6-based) is still king in IPC. If you look at it from the perspective of expressiveness, the CISC-ness of the x86 ISA also allows far more opportunity for hardware-level enhancements than a RISC style one: the code density is higher, meaning better cache usage and less memory bandwidth needed (especially with multiple cores), and there's still a lot of relatively complex instructions with the potential to be made even faster. RISC came from a time when memory bandwidths were higher and the bottleneck was instruction execution inside the CPU, but now it's the opposite; memory bandwidth and latency is becoming the bottleneck. There's only so much you can do to speed up an ARM core without adding new instructions. Linus has some interesting things to say about this too: http://yarchive.net/comp/linux/x86.html Good paper about this here: http://research.cs.wisc.edu/vertical/papers/2013/hpca13-isa-... On the other hand, that's what we could call them if they were as successful as the Itanic. x86 code density may not be optimal but it's better than regular ARM - only thumb-mode can beat it, and just barely. > Also remember that the memory bandwidth is primarily a problem for data, but not code RISCs, by design, need to bring the data into the processor for processing; but I see things like http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computational_RAM being more widely used in the future, where the computation is brought to the data, and this becomes much easier to fit to a CISC like the x86 with its ability to operate on data in memory directly with a single instruction. Currently this is done with implicit reads/writes, but what I'm saying is that the hardware can then optimise these instructions however it likes. The underlying principle is that breaking down complex operations into a series of simpler ones is easy, combining a series of simpler operations into a complex one, once hardware can handle doing the complex one faster, is much harder. x86 lagged behind in performance at the beginning because of a sequential microsequencer, but once Intel figured out how to parallelise that with the P6, they leapt ahead. Linus being an Intel fanboy has nothing to do with whether x86 has an advantage or not. But even if you look at cross-CPU benchmarks like SPEC, x86 is consistently at the top of per-thread per-GHz performance, beating out the SPARCs and POWERs, and those are high performance , very expensive RISCs. I'd really like to see whether AMD's ARMs can do better than that. Modern processors draw very little power at idle; it's only at full load that they reach TDP. If your laptop is constantly doing something with its CPU then it will obviously get much warmer than one that's just idling. I have one with a Core Duo and it barely gets warm if I'm just reading static webpages and editing text, but really heats up if I'm gaming or watching videos. On the other hand, you can process a lot more data in an hour, so it's fair to charge more. I thought the point of virtualisation is to make it so you get an environment which behaves as close to a real machine as possible, so why are they still so easily detectable? Indent size is definitely a personal preference; I started out with 8, then shortly went to 4, moved down to 3 for a very short time followed by 2, and have now settled on one space . One nice side-effect is that I can glance at the column counter and see the indent level immediately, and the closing braces look like a diagonal line which makes a missing/extra one quite easy to spot: } } } The nice thing about C-syntax languages is they can be automatically formatted, so anyone who finds my indents to be too small can increase them, and vice-versa, It looks like to use this input device you would have to do quite some wiggling of individual fingers sideways, without moving the other fingers on your hand, and that motion just feels terribly awkward to me - e.g. on a normal keyboard, if I move my right index finger to the left to press H, the other 3 move left as well; I can't just move one finger left/right. This reminds me of some people who try to do ASCII art in a proportional font in a plaintext email, which then looks completely munged on everyone who uses monospace fonts or a different proportional font. IMHO plain text files should always be read/written in a monospace font, as otherwise you limit the expression of the medium unnecessarily since ASCII art becomes no longer "portable". For me, it's the fact that tabs don't behave like single characters in an editor, so instead of moving backwards a single character-width when you delete one, there's a sudden jump, which I find rather disorienting when I'm editing code (or text files) that uses them. So in other words, it's a 32-bit address space in 64-bit mode? I thought that wasn't possible with x86-64... in fact the biggest mistake I think with x86-64, after some(admittedly not much) reading of the manuals is that it wasn't like the 16/32-bit where you could independently choose the default operand and address sizes, and use 32-bit addresses or registers in 16-bit mode and vice-versa. > I doubt Boeing would do this sort of thing otherwise, since it costs tens, perhaps hundreds, of thousands of dollars to keep a 747 in the air for hours. It was only 5.5h, pretty short compared to a 10h+ transatlantic flight (although in the latter case, it's the passengers who are paying for the fuel.) Dallas 1-wire? Haven't looked at the schematic or anything else, but that's an example of an interface that just requires 2 connections - signal and ground. > Code running in 32-bit protected mode can't access 64-bit instructions or registers, of course, but that's a different issue. That's what I was referring to - in 16-bit realmode you can use 32-bit registers and addressing modes with prefix bytes just like you can use 16-bit operands or addresses in 32-bit mode, and in protected mode both 16 and 32-bit segments can coexist in the same system. But it looks like 64-bit is completely isolated from that, although they could've used some other prefices, enabling access to 64-bit operands (including the extra registers) and addresses from any mode, and also allow coexistence of 64-bit segments with existing 32- and 16-bit segments. Then x32 wouldn't really need to exist; it would just be a 32-bit segment with instructions that use 64-bit operands. Very interesting. Is there one that lets you go into 16-bit mode too? ;) Those ads are a little ironic, considering Apple's design philosophy now. That's actually more readable than APL, and once you said "f = for" I automatically made the mental association "s = set" and "x = execute". It wasn't actually that hard to figure out the rest from that... and something about that code reminds me of vi commands. You can do a similar thing with Java, although it's a bit harder... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3301635/change-private-st... I think you can do something like this in C# too (not surprisingly). 100 extra cases of cancer out of how many already...? Yes, it's negligible either way. What someone does with their money (virtual or not) is their choice, and not for you to decide... > Calls typically originate from outside the United States It surprises me why someone would ever call back a long-distance number they didn't recognise. Sure, the Internet has made long-distance communication seem like it doesn't cost any more than local, but that doesn't mean the same rules apply to more traditional phones. There's no guarantee the original software doesn't either... And if it's precracked/modded/etc. then it's definitely not the original, but those who are downloading those would consider the modifications to be value-added. Here's the AT one, it was the last one that was open in that way (and closest to what the modern PC is based on): http://bitsavers.trailing-edge.com/pdf/ibm/pc/at/1502494_PC_... It's an even bigger PDF than the XT one :) > The only thing not working is changing the screen brightness, which stays fixed at 100%. That would be enough to stop me from buying one. I have an X60 already (and found the schematics online), maybe it wouldn't be too hard to fix. Fun visualisation, but I don't see that one as being particularly useful (what does it really represent?) As someone who has looked through many different types of files in doing quite a bit of RE, I've become able to separate out different types of data just by the "feel" of how it looks in a text editor; Z80 and 6502 code, x86, MIPS, ARM, bitmap images, and compressed data all have different "textures" to them. I think another thing is that calling it an "API key" gives a slightly different impression from "password" - the latter almost certainly implies something that should be kept secret, while it's not so clear with the former - for example, ReCAPTCHA API keys are very much publicly available in the source of whatever pages use them. > but virtualization is nonetheless taking off like crazy. I think that's more due to hosting providers being able to sell far more "machines" than they have hardware for. This agrees with my own experience: I've found that I can type around 10-20% faster when I'm listening to fast music, and oddly enough make less errors in the process (this might be a different effect, however.) I haven't seen anyone actually hack printer firmware in that way, outside of some shops in China that claim they can do that. Any chance you could do a writeup on it? There is probably a checksum (or even worse, digital signature) on the firmware image, or some other checks like that, but as for getting the firmware back on the device, I'd probably use a hardware flash programmer. I'm talking about the animated one in the parent - AFAIK entropy is a scalar, not three-dimensional. Another way to think about this is, why can't manpages be written more concisely, so that the most common options and syntax are on the first page/"above the fold"? Here is the 7th edition UNIX manual for comparison: http://cm.bell-labs.com/7thEdMan/bswv7.html RET is 195 or C3 in hex which also corresponds to modrm operands "eax, ebx" or "ebx, eax" so there's a pretty good chance of say a MOV instruction e.g. 89 C3, "mov ebx, eax" or something else also having that byte inside it, not to mention constants and offsets. (If you work with x86 asm enough, you will start memorising opcodes...) You probably mean *(((unsigned char *)rightmeow)+i) but just change the "q Then again, it could be something else and not the actual return you found. A simple search-and-replace is enough to get all the elements... and chances are when the requirements change, that's the least of the structural changes you'll have to make. IMHO all the CSS purists do is overcomplicate things. It feels like they're doing "something right" by avoiding at all costs, even if it means emulating the same behaviour that's already built into the browser with a set of CSS rules. This is blind faith, not reason... and oddly enough I've noticed this type of dogmatic thought far more in the web development community than in that of any other programming language. My own philosophy on writing webpages is to do the simplest thing that works and don't obsess over layout; the content is more important. I'll use tables when they make things easier, CSS when it makes things easier. But never do I give any consideration to "X is bad", "always use Y" etc. After all, your visitors probably couldn't care less whether you used tables or CSS. Speed is probably not going to differ that much but size is one area where even a novice asm programmer can easily beat a compiler. Usually they'll be in the same order as they were in the source code. The CPU he was using is spec'd for a base frequency of 2.7GHz but for microbenchmarks like these, will more likely be at the full turbo frequency of 3.4GHz, That's a 0.294ns instruction cycle, and the fastest result of his optimisation is 15.617ns/call, which is almost exactly 53 cycles/call. That's right in the middle of the timings for the FSINCOS instruction, which on this CPU model ( http://www.agner.org/optimize/instruction_tables.pdf ) runs in 20-110 cycles -- calculating both sin and cos, to 80 bits of precision. From my experience these FPU instructions will take more cycles for edge cases since they'll do more iterations to guarantee a specific precision, but for the majority of the input range will be closer to the lower end. So I don't think the author really optimised anything here. One thing really missing from this article that I'd like to see is a listing of the actual instructions generated by the compiler in each case. So Vista and 7 users are moving to XP and 8.1? That's weird... How many of these "holes" are in IE as opposed to the more integral components of the OS? I don't think it'll be as bad as MS wants you to think; after all, I witnessed 98SE's EOL and they said the same thing, used it until late 2010 (dualbooting with XP), but 16 years later a lot of modern malware won't even run on it. He did, and then benchmarked it against sin() , so it looked like that was the goal rather than a general polynomial evaluation function, and I'm saying there are faster (and shorter) ways to do that quickly. You see odd but surprisingly practical inventions like these in China as well - as they say, "necessity is the mother of invention". Coincidentally that was the first thing I thought of when I read the title. Good to see that it's not using SQLite's own CSV parser, which the last time I checked didn't seem to support the standard convention for quoting fields that contain commas themselves ( very common if your CSV stores text strings in some columns): https://www.sqlite.org/cvstrac/wiki?p=ImportingFiles (They also seem ignorant of the existence of RFC4180 when they claim there is no CSV standard.) Legacy software (and hardware) - some stuff for embedded development that used to run in DOS, and was OK with 98SE, but wouldn't work in anything NT-based. But mostly I'm a "don't fix it if it ain't broke" type of person, so if it weren't for the fact that a lot of other software I had to use wouldn't run in 98SE, I probably would still be using it. The file manager in Win98 is also surprisingly responsive when compared to XP, Vista, and 7, even on older hardware that's many times slower in benchmarks. Things seem to happen instantaneously, whereas in XP, Vista, and 7 there is a slight but noticeable delay every time e.g. you open a folder or scroll around. I think it's a little amusing that, even though it can only use 1 core, on my i7 system Win98 feels so much faster and less "intrusive" in many ways. Even older, the ODBC text driver for Windows 3.1x supported this, 20 years ago: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/146220 If your description column has any embedded commas in it that are escaped in quoted fields as per the CSV spec, it won't work whereas textql will. Boarding first or near the first is much better when you end up with a seat near the back, since it means you can just walk all the way through a mostly empty plane, put your stuff in the empty overhead compartments, and get seated without having to make your way through a narrow corridor filled with other people fiddling with their stuff. If your seat is near the door, then the opposite of this advice holds: be one of the last to enter the plane, and you won't have to get jostled around by everyone else behind you walking by. I think if everyone queued up in this order (furthest from door enter first, closest to door enter last) it would make boarding a lot more efficient. I've heard from a friend that for Asian companies like MediaTek, "going through the front door" is the wrong way to approach them, unless you are a very large and well-established company. http://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?p=3040 I think it also depends on how big your hands are, and how long your fingers are. I have a 5" device and I can still comfortably touch anywhere on the whole screen with my thumb; the only "ow" spot for me is at the very bottom right corner. If the front door is not an option, then obviously you try the side or the back... ;) More seriously, you get to know people who can get you the information/components you need --- often on various Chinese forums. The "guanxi" mentality ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guanxi ) is very strong in Asia; to get to the company directly takes a lot of incremental "relationship-building". The idea is to "feed off the leftovers" until you grow to the point where you can order above the MOQ directly. It's a very different growth model. I also have the feeling that the same thing would happen if Intel decided to open up the details on their Atom SoC platforms. They're a bit like a neutered PC from what I understand, so it's a lot easier to port existing OSs to them, but without technical docs it's still hard. From the Wikipedia page: Probably the most common hardware feature of DOS-era PCs that the official version of DOSBox doesn't emulate is the parallel port that was used to connect most printers, since very few games can make use of a printer. I'm not just playing games with this, I have some hardware that needs a parallel port and relies on direct access to the ports, so any sort of emulation layer etc. would likely not work well. Tried finding a public datasheet for e.g. Atom Z2460? I have JS off by default and on for a very small whitelist of highly trusted sites that I'm forced to use and don't work without it. Look at it this way: probably 99% or more of browser exploits depend on JS, but far fewer sites than that won't actually be completely unusable without it, so with JS off I've eliminated a huge attack vector while only compromising my ability to use sites by a smaller amount (and chances are, if I come across a site from a search and it doesn't show anything because it requires JS, I'll just go to the next result). The tradeoff is well worth it IMHO. It both greatly amuses and somewhat surprises me that there is even a Javascript demoscene... > I think rpi (culture/ecosystem) is still absolutely the best thing, it's literally the perfect AppleII/C64 for today. Really? In many ways RPi is far more of a closed, proprietary system than the common desktop PC. Documentation definitely exists, just not publicly. > I use a waterproof notepad to write down ideas there Notepad++ is waterproof already. :) > how wasteful is it to have 50 requests for a server just for images and resources? On the other hand, how wasteful is it to download tons of content that would be useless because the user might've navigated away from your site already? As long as they keep POP3 (or maybe extend it), I'm happy. Go up to ~$100 and the choice of smartphones becomes even more diverse. Quality would probably be a bit better too. This is with no contract, unlocked everything (chances are it's also Mediatek based, which means no bootloader locking AFAIK), and you get all the features like dual SIM, removable battery and expandable storage that most of the big-name manufacturers don't want you to have. Edit: actually, it looks like $50 is already enough to get a pretty good entry-level Android phone; look up the Jiayu F1. They didn't bother to put $0.001 DC blocking capacitors on the DAC outputs? This isn't a "bug in the kernel" or any software, it's a clear hardware flaw. This is particularly amusing to me, as someone who regularly enjoys more... extreme genres of music that features lots of distortion and hard clipping. My no-name cheap Chinese speakers and headphones haven't died because of it, in fact my ears probably have less tolerance than the hardware. In my experience those who start bottom-up tend to have a lot more practical sense of how computers work, and thus write simpler, more efficient code than those who went in the other direction; the latter tend to overuse abstraction and create elaborate architectures that result in writing far more code and generating more complexity than is really needed. In relatively low quantities, yes: http://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/CL05A105KP5NNND/CL0... But when you're buying them in quantities that a company like Samsung would (that above link is, amusingly enough, to ones that Samsung themselves make), the price drops off rather steeply. $0.001USD is around what I can find for buying them from China in 100Ku. I have the schematics for my laptop and it has 1uF ceramics on the speaker PA inputs, that's why I linked to that particular one. The other common values I've seen are 2u2 and 4u7, which is a little more expensive but will give more bass --- not that it really matters on a tinny little laptop speaker anyway. At least I'm happy to know that I won't burn out the speakers on my laptop with DC. Yes they can if you play the right "music". When I saw the title I thought it was about sandboxing email attachments or something like that. Does anyone know if someone has asked him about the infamous 640K quote? The best way to find the source of a problem can be summed up in two words: binary search. On the other hand, having witnessed humans physically search for things in ordered collections, it seems we're instinctively programmed to perform a linear search. DC protection = a IMHO everyone who is saying "this should be fixed by software" is doing it wrong. How much would it cost to write, test, debug, etc. the appropriate firmware/drivers? And it would still be subject to "warranty is void because you didn't use the right software". That cost could buy a lot of capacitors... and then if the values were chosen correctly, whatever the software does, it would not be able to put more power through the speaker than designed. A 3rd thing, which I've done, is for a private site to collaborate with a small group of people I know in real life. You give them a hardcopy of your CA cert and then they can verify the details when adding it to their browsers. As long as you're careful to really keep your private keys private; the root of trust gets shifted from a hierarchy of corporations to individuals you know and (personally) trust. I like this "real trust" model a lot more than the current one of a central authority and "being told who to trust", and I think all the advocates of "if you want to use HTTPS you should buy a cert from a CA" are missing this point. I've noticed that particularly in web development there's a lot of dogmatism and feel that a lot of the "best practices" (I personally hate that phrase...) being thrown around are just a way to make web developers feel like they're qualified and superior just because they can say "I follow the rules , you don't!" It's about making websites, not some sort of pseudo-religion. Do what you think is the best way to present your content, don't be a mindless follower. After all, who goes around viewing the source of webpages they visit (unless something is terribly broken and you want to find out why)? If I can see the content I couldn't care less. This is from the perspective of someone who has done a lot of "web development" with nothing more than a text editor and a browser (or several)... I've used w3schools as well as the official HTML specs; I don't care what the latest fads are and don't even want to expend the effort to, I just do what works to show the content I want to show to my visitors and that's it. Not exactly a developer, but how about Xiaoyun Wang? 4 years ago: http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/~lmeyerov/projects/pbrowser/pub... http://www.usenix.org/event/hotpar10/tech/full_papers/Badea.... space bar, how appropriate.. I agree completely. I feel the trend of excessive "security" and hiding things from the user "because it will confuse them", removing options because they "might cause irritation", "could be insecure if misused", etc. has gone too far. Modern devices are so locked-down and "polished" to the point that it makes it much harder for users to discover how they work, should they choose to, and takes away a lot of the incentive of doing so. Contrast this with the early days of UNIX where every system came with its source code, plus compiler and assembler, so it was very easy for users to become developers. Even DOS and 32-bit versions of Windows came with (not sure if they removed it now, but it's there in XP at least) a rather primitive but still "empowering" debugger, DEBUG, where you could write short programs in assembly language. I remember PC magazines came with listings of these programs --- they weren't particularly complex, (usually a few hundred bytes at most), but they did something useful and also make way for the more inquisitive users (like me) to wonder what all the instructions actually do, and what happens if you change them, and that's what can really motivate people from becoming just users to learning about programming and how computers work. Now, you have to be really motivated to jump through all the hoops in place to make it much harder for anyone to just write some short and useful piece of code and share it in a form that everyone else can use. Even browsers are becoming like this. It's sad that the IMHO bureaucratic measures like code signing, overly protective OS policies, and near-paranoid antivirus/security software just get in the way of this process. They say it's all "for your protection", but if you think about it, one of the most secure places to live is in a prison. Is that really what society should be heading towards? "Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes." Firefox isn't that much better. > Power should always be left in the hands of the user, the solution is education. 100% agreement. Of course, in some ways the industry doesn't want users to be educated, since then they would be hard to get to be under their control. After enough time spent reading hexdumps you get used to it, and then all of a sudden big-endian feels really backwards. It also looks like you'd want to avoid flapping into the top of the pipe. Interestingly, there's a "removal" section in the article, with only the instructions to delete ld_preload.so. Was that meant as a joke? China? That's what comes to mind. You can get your laptop's motherboard troubleshooted and serviced at the component level, and chipsets reballed and reflowed while you wait, at a fraction of the cost of doing it in the West. > Our "obsession" with sleek, thin devices running quad core processors and battery life out the wazoo has the unfortunately required side effect of making things much much harder to self-repair. I think it's more than just a side-effect. For example, consider the iPhone's non-user-replaceable battery; one of the most commonly heard reasons for it is that it makes for a thinner device and a bigger battery. But an interesting device I saw recently made me question that; the Jiayu G5. It's an Android phone that looks almost exactly like the iPhone (only very slightly larger), with a metal casing and a removable battery plus dual SIM and expandable storage. It's only 0.25mm thicker but its battery has 33% more capacity. If a relatively small Chinese company can come up with something that has iPhone aesthetics but also retains a lot of the repairability, why can't Apple? ( http://www.gizchina.com/2013/09/24/jiayu-g5-teardown/ ) > disk failure That happens often to laptops thet get thrown around while they're on. Did you suggest an SSD upgrade? The iPhone 5s certainly has a more powerful processor (the original 5 is around the same as the G5) but the battery in the G5 actually has more capacity: 2000mAh for the G5 vs 1570mAh for the 5s (and 1440mAh for the original 5). The display is also larger: 1280x720 vs 1136x640. The Windows demos almost always use a lot of the system libraries for the bulk of their work., which hasn't impressed me quite as much as what you can do in 4k with bare DOS --- where the code is directly manipulating the hardware. No libraries, no GPU drivers: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGQEeArYDS8 > I wish extreme performance goals and requirements would become a new trend. Not just performance, but efficiency - both speed and size. Sadly it seems that most of the time this point is brought up, it gets dismissed as "premature optimisation". Instead we're taught in CS to pile abstraction upon abstraction even when they're not really needed, to create overly complex systems just to perform simple tasks, to not care much about efficiency "because hardware is always getting better". I've never agreed with that sort of thinking. I think it creates a skewed perception of what can be accomplished with current hardware, since it makes optimisation an "only if it's not fast/small enough/we can't afford new hardware" goal; it won't be part of the mindset when designing, nor when writing the bulk of the code. The demoscene challenges this type of thought; it shows that if you design with specific size/speed goals in mind, you can achieve what others would have thought to be impossible. I think that's a real eye-opener; by pushing the limits, it's basically saying just how extremely inefficient most software is. 96% may look high but it's still All of this is really to make the programmers more efficient, because programmer time is expensive (and getting stuff out the door quicker is important), but the amount of lost time (and money) on the user's end, waiting for these monstrosities of abstraction to compute something must far far exceed those costs. I believe that the amount of time spent optimising software should be proportional to how long it will be used for, and how many users it has/will have. It makes little sense to spend an hour to take 10 minutes off the execution time of a quick-and-dirty script that will only be run once or twice. It makes a lot of sense to spend an hour, or even a day or week, to take 1 second off the execution time of software with hundreds of thousands or millions of users that constantly use it. At some point the overhead of optimisation is less than the time (or memory?) saved by everyone, so the "programmer time is expensive" line of thinking is really a form of selfishness; interesting that free/open-source software hasn't evolved differently, since it operates under a different set of assumptions. I think it'll be more along the lines of people posting on forums "have model X mobo, can someone give me a BIOS image?" and others answering their requests, not unlike what already happens today in repair forums. Not hard to dump the BIOS from a known-good board and flash it into another; it's the usual way to recover from a flashing operation that went seriously wrong, and any decent repair shop will have the reader/writer hardware for this. Every time I see stuff like this (buffer of some convenient fixed length, no real attention paid to its length) I really wonder whether whoever wrote that code ever thought of how long a string could be (the entire address space of your process, basically), what the limits are, etc. If vsprintf() had the same 256-byte limit on its output buffer, there wouldn't be any overflow. If this fprintf() implementation was documented as to be used for output not exceeding 255 bytes, maybe who wrote the caller code would use "Location: %.243s\n\n" instead. Although a fully general fprintf() should not have any arbitrary limits like that, in a special-case embedded system like this it's not uncommon --- but if it has limits, they should be documented clearly . I think it's not a matter of language or "safety" or "security" or anything else; it's a very, very, VERY simple matter of knowing the sizes and limits whenever you write code or design anything. Somehow I think all this... astounding ignorance stems from the misconception that memory is somehow an infinite resource, or the discouraging "if you need to know the limits, you're doing it wrong" type of thought. It is very important that you know the limits, so that you can work within them. (Capitalising the words "Stack Overflow" is now a bit confusing, thanks to the site of the same name...) It's one of the Atom SoCs which Intel doesn't seem to have a public datasheet on. From what I know they're almost but not quite like a regular PC --- they're missing some bits that wouldn't really be necessary on a phone. If it's successful, soon enough extended capacity batteries are likely going to start appearing. You don't have to care about segmentation if your program is less than 64K (fits in a single segment), and 64K is far more than enough for doing a lot of interesting things in Asm. A basic "Hello world" that runs in DOS is less than 20 bytes. (Contrast this with using a C compiler on Windows, where "Hello world" compiled with default settings is usually beyond 10KB already.) I've been working with x86 for a long time and it's not as bad as it seems once you see the patterns. The 16-bit memory addressing modes can basically be summed up as "one or more of {BP,BX}, {SI,DI}, {disp8,disp16}", and the fact that [BP] is actually [BP+0] is just an encoding detail; the assembler will handle it for you. What would be [BP] is where the [disp16] mode goes. You don't have to worry about segmentation unless you're working with more than 64K of code or data, which is plenty when you're writing in Asm. And when you do, it's not hard to learn the few extra rules that come with that. Protected mode and the 32-bit extensions are two separate (but related) topics, you don't need to learn the former to use the latter, and you can already do a lot without knowing either. Unfortunately the 64-bit extensions have gone in a very different direction, and you will need protected mode to use them. But for learning the basics of Asm, I don't think you need 64 bits. The 8080/8085/Z80 are a little simpler, but learning them coudl be useful if studying x86 since they're its ancestors. It's no harder (and in many ways easier) than learning the irregularities of English or any other language. One side-effect of learning x86 is that all the RISCs then become really boring and straightforward. x86 has character . :) Given that this looks more like a microcontroller, I say AVR or 8051 would make a better "real thing" recommendation (YASP looks somewhat like a mix of AVR and 8051 to me - the upward-growing stack in particular, is not common and the first MCU to come to mind with one is the 8051.) > On the other hand, they can be a little frightening because they are the theoretical grail for DRMs and such. Definitely. I can't help thinking that the ones who will end up using this sort of technology are corporations who want to control their users, and malware writers. The phrase "Those who give up freedom for security deserve neither" and http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/right-to-read.html also come to mind... it's scary, security is a double-edged sword. Not him, but I'm guessing it's because SPARC looks a lot like the GAS/AT&T Intel syntax -- lots of 'noise' in the form of % and $ everywhere. It also has branch delay slots and not-so-intuitive operand ordering, register windows, and all the other RISC features that look like they discourage using Asm, as a big part of the philosophy was "use a compiler". If my filtering proxy caught , I'd get everything bolded instead. ( http://i61.tinypic.com/20i77kl.png ) > One couldn't, as soon as the game came out, look at the executable or source file, and determine how it ends, way before anyone else who was playing legitimately. ...or until someone writes a bot to brute-force their way through the game, because computers are really good at trying lots of possibilities really really quickly, many orders of magnitude more quickly than a human player could. What's wrong with HTML+CSS? To be honest I wouldn't choose anything XML based, but ODF looks like the lesser of two evils; the OOXML specification is just monsterous. While I think there are many interesting properties of cryptocurrency and the potential applications, I also can't help but think that this mining is just an extreme waste of computing power; compared to other uses like research, application development, hosting a website, even gaming (entertainment), mining (use for heating aside) looks like it's not much more than using computing power for the sake of using computing power, which I find extremely disturbing. And things like a class of students sitting in a lecture theater with their laptops plugged in, are they mining or gaming or maybe just some hung process is in an infinite loop taking the CPU to 100%? (I'll admit that I've used a "heater.exe" for warming my hands with a laptop on a cold day...) "Backdooring" would be better in the title. I use a filtering proxy which uses OpenSSL and it just reports "socket error" in the log and retries the connection around a dozen times before it gives up, so it seems I'm not vulnerable; non-Apple software isn't affected by this? They must've expected usernames to not contain anything other than alphanumeric characters... this is yet another example of the fact that if you write code that consumes external, untrusted input, always expect every single byte value from 0 to 0xFF could be present, and deal with them accordingly. So you took a game that used to take a few dozen KB of memory and an 8-bit CPU running at less than 2MHz, and turned it into one requiring many orders of magnitude more memory and CPU speed? I'm impressively disturbed. Going the opposite direction would be much more deserving IMHO; e.g. trying to fit a Flappy Birds clone in a few hundred bytes or something like that. The amusing thing about this is that MITM can also be used to one's personal benefit -- I run a local filtering proxy that strips off most of the crap on the majority of sites, and I've had to do a bit of hex editing to be able to do that without the browser complaining. Look at it another way: With browsers becoming more and more unconfigurable and nearing the point of being user-hostile, it is any wonder that the content providers would want their content, whether or not the user likes it, to be delivered unchanged and forced upon the user? All the Snowden stuff has made us feel that way, but what I'm saying is that the one who is doing the MITM isn't always malicious. Note how they very carefully avoid saying anything about write endurance or data retention... SanDisk had 4-bit MLC NAND almost 5 years ago so maybe they've improved their process, but if the retention and endurance characteristics of current 3-bit MLC is any indication, I'll pass on this --- it's almost certainly going to be 3-bit MLC, if not 4-bit. I was going to do one for the TI-83, but then found out someone else had done it already ( http://www.cemetech.net/programs/index.php?mode=file&id=1039 )... it's getting hard to find a platform that hasn't got Flappy Birds ported to it already! That piece of dust might well hold 20Tb of dead genetic material from whatever created it... consider that a single human cell contains 3.2Gb of data in its DNA. It could also have to do with flash type and process size: the smaller one could be an older generation with lower density, the bigger one a newer generation higher density flash. The cost mostly depends on the die size (in square mm). The other thing to consider is that in 60 years from now, would the data on that microSD still be there? Many books from the 1950s are still perfectly readable today (I have several), I also have some floppies from the 80s whose contents are intact, but what about modern high-density NAND flash, which is inherently unstable? Will it have mostly erased itself in a few decades? That's a very... awkward of doing quite a simple thing, generating ascending interleaved powers. I'd probably use one or more arrays of multipliers to maintain the counters. Simpler and more general -- not often that you can get a solution with both these two attributes. I just did a random reading speed test and got 1640wpm with 90% comprehension, and I definitely do not read linearly -- it's hard to explain, but I often find that I scan far ahead and see the ends of sentences before their starting words, then wander around somewhat randomly in the middle of them. I'll notice typos and grammar errors several sentences or even a paragraph after where it occurs, probably meaning that I'm taking huge "gulps" of words and internally buffering it, then processing it very nonlinearly. I've never taken any courses on speed reading, but I guess I developed this habit from reading code (where a lot of the time is spent seeking). The Spritz experience was a little disorienting since I kept wanting to seek around in the text, and being linearly spoonfed it gave me the feeling of losing track of what I'd just "read". Or how about just combining all those variables into an array named "iterator_powers" or similar? There could be another one, "iterator_multipliers" containing 3, 5, and 7. I don't know if this is actually a "best practice" or rule, but I've found that if I want to name variables after numbers, usually what I'm trying to do should be using an array. This is filesystem code. Any miniscule performance gain would be eclipsed by the actual reads/writes. This code should really be -Os'd to save cache. This is the sort of thing that really shows why someone who knows Asm well can beat even the best compiler - because high-level languages, in hiding the details of the machine under layers of abstraction, are also hiding those details that make it possible to write efficient code. Examples include using the flags and the stack in "unusual" (to HLLs) ways, no requirement to conform to any calling conventions, etc. That said, the size optimiser in me sees a noticeable absence of rbx, rsi, rdi, and ebp; those registers should be used before going into the r8~r15, since the "extended" registers require a prefix byte to the instruction every time they're used. In fact since only r8, r10, r13, r14, and r15 are used, this code could be rewritten to use only one extended register and you wouldn't need the "mov rdi, r8" at the end. A 64TB flat address space? I wonder what the latency is like... When x86 started going over 4GB and getting the 64-bit extensions, it was thought that a 64-bit address space would be so big (more than 4 billion times bigger than a 32-bit one) that it would take many decades before we run into that limit; and that wasn't too long ago either - the first AMD64 CPU was in 2003, only 11 years ago, and it supported "only" 52 bits of physical address. Now we have 64TB, which is 2^46, which means there's only 18 "unused" bits of address left - 256K. If you could connect only(!) 262,144 of these machines together and present the memory on them as one big unit, you would have exhausted the 64-bit address space . That is what I think is really incredible. What's next, 128-bit addresses? Or maybe we'll realise that segmented address spaces (e.g. something like 96-bit, split as 32:64) are naturally more suited to the locality of NUMA than flat ones? There's also the fact that an upward-pointing (or any other 90-degree direction) pointer quite strongly evokes direction instead of just pointing , while other not-aligned directions evoke pointing more than direction. Indeed most of them are pretty unprofessional looking, but then again GNU isn't like companies who will spend tons of effort on finding a good logo. but since the modern processors this code targets all have a decoded instruction micro-op cache, there is no front-end bottleneck and the instruction length doesn't actually slow anything down. Right, this code is running entirely in the core and that's part of what makes it so fast. Also, the four registers you mention are all callee-save on Windows (just RBX and RBP for Mac and Linux) , so avoiding them means you don't have to save and restore them. Callee-save and caller-save are just a calling convention; and one of the advantages of using Asm is you don't have to care about calling conventions except if you're interfacing with some other language, which isn't the case here - it's pure Asm. There's not even a single function call in it. Besides, saving and restoring those registers (if you really need to) only takes 4 bytes each (2 in 32-bit mode) - a push and a pop. This tradeoff pays off if you're going to use them in more than 4 instructions. Many of the cheap MP3/MP4 players have an 8-bit CPU (Z80, 8051, or similar vintage) with a few hundred K of (banked) RAM and several G of flash, so it's not that weird of a configuration. Count me as another one who likes the pixel aesthetic. The title made me ask myself "why would you want to do this?" (I also loathe most forms of antialiasing, including Clear Type, so that might have something to do with it... I like sharp, clearly contrasted edges, including pixel edges.) I don't know about the historical aspect but I do know that the HTML5 parsing spec explicitly ignores the " " sequence. More interestingly, " " (with an extra space) is parsed as a "boguscomment" which means it basically adds a comment node. I think that now with HTML5 standardising the parsing behaviour ( http://www.w3.org/TR/html5/syntax.html ), looking at that is very useful too - it shows that void elements get closed automatically by the parser whether or not "/" is included, some other extraneous end tags get ignored completely, and also shows that " " gets parsed as " ". So the example given in the article, " Hello! ", does have a defined meaning in HTML5 - equivalent to " Hello! ". The fact that HTML5 basically completely specified the parsing for any string of input, even "syntax error" cases, raises an interesting point: if these errors still result in some DOM and across all browsers that choose to implement the error handling (which has also been standardised) so they will have the same behaviour, are they really true "errors" anymore? We usually think of error cases (e.g. in a programming language) as ones which have no meaning or could cause implementation-defined/undefined behaviour, but these have been completely defined by the standard. I don't see any good reason to use " ", but there's some other cases that could be useful, like not requiring spaces between quoted attributes (name1='value1'name2="value2"). I see a parallel with this and the evolution of natural languages: words and syntax that used to be incorrect gradually become accepted as part of the language and attain a normative meaning, because everyone still understands. I think it's excellent that HTML5 completely specifies the parsing in a very clear, and most backwards-compatible way; judging by what the big browser vendors have been doing, they seem to be following it. (It also gives a nice starting point that makes it easier for anyone to write their own parser, and have it behave the same as any other mainstream browser - and having the possibility of making more browsers available, with the same standard parsing behaviour, is a good thing.) I noticed the same thing and made a more general observation about "errors" here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7311197 What I don't get is why something like AdBlock should even be detectable... Incidentally, I remember reading before that Germany had the largest percentage of users using AdBlock, so it makes sense that the pushback is starting here. > http://junit.sourceforge.net/javadoc/ (ughhhh) Despite me not really liking Java all that much, the javadocs can be very useful; although in that example they chose a bad non-default colour - black on (dark) green is difficult to read. Here's a better example, they normally look more like this: http://www.jdom.org/docs/apidocs/ Physical stimulation probably happens more often in front of the computer these days too... Then perhaps a different method should be used - although removing all the stuff that makes up adverts is one way to do it (and often does make for faster page loads and lower bandwidth consumption), if the end goal is the user just doesn't want to see them, maybe that's what we should do: everything except render certain elements. (There's also the alternative of targeting the scripts that do this; an anti-anti-adblock! Reminds me of the arms race between malware attempting to prevent itself from reverse-engineering via detecting debuggers and such, and the opponents coming up with anti-anti-debugging, leading to anti-anti-anti, and so forth...) > It is just too much to expect of the human mind that one should not say something one doesn't mean. Careful, that is quite a slippery slope... That's what the piece of opaque tape is for. > You can trust strong enough crypto, at least to some reasonable extent. Only crypto where only you and the one you're communicating with have the keys; in other words, not the centralised CA model of SSL, nor "secure" boot, nor any other implementation that relies on trusting some central faceless entity that will say lots about "protecting your security and privacy" while doing the exact opposite. Yes, the current extension model is rather limited in that respect, but what if extensions could also interact with the renderer instead of just the page (DOM) contents? Could make for some more... extensive capabilities. > but most frameworks don't care to inform the caller if a warning has happened (some don't even provide a way to access them). Then I would consider the framework broken. Warnings about truncated data are the norm in other RDBMSs. In fact the 2nd version with braces actually makes it harder to see the doubled goto, while it stood out to me in the 1st version. However if I were writing that code I would've probably used an OR-chain, like this: if ((err = SSLFreeBuffer(&hashCtx)) || (err = ReadyHash(&SSLHashSHA1, &hashCtx)) || (err = SSLHashSHA1.update(&hashCtx, &clientRandom)) || (err = SSLHashSHA1.update(&hashCtx, &serverRandom)) || (err = SSLHashSHA1.update(&hashCtx, &signedParams)) || (err = SSLHashSHA1.final(&hashCtx, &hashOut))) goto fail; There's also another oddness I noticed: if(err) { sslErrorLog("SSLDecodeSignedServerKeyExchange: sslRawVerify " "returned %d\n", (int)err); goto fail; } fail: Wow. Much open, such surprise. What next, a full BCM2835 datasheet? To put in the words of Torvalds: "Hey, this time I'm raising a thumb for Broadcom. Good times." some of the worst code I've seen has been a result of following "best practices" instead of thinking for oneself. Very very true. This phrase suggests there is no better way to do something, and that it should always be used because it is "best", and the dogmatic application of rules replaces actual thought and understanding. I am not against a "recommendation" or "suggestion", but to call it "best practice" is cargo-cult-like. If this has been Python, a missing/extra indent might've caused a similar issue, or even a duplicate function call. What evidence is there to say that if a C programmer can sometimes miss duplicate lines of code, a Python programmer won't miss duplicate lines of code or a missing/extra indent? I find it hard to believe that this code had a proper peer review before being committed. A 2nd and 3rd set of eyes experienced at reading C should have spotted this. They could've spotted this, and maybe due to some other factors (e.g. some people just don't want to point out other's mistakes, like hierarchical cultures) let it pass; or the other reviewers were at the same competency as the one who wrote the code. I looked up the documents on it and Bay Trail is surprisingly open for an Intel SoC... although there's probably still plenty of stuff they won't tell you about. That would've already crashed at the p->some_field if p == NULL. > the compiler is free to assume that `p != NULL` is always true Only until the first point in the "..." part where it cannot prove that p has not been modified. In nearly 2 decades I have seen only one compiler bug, in MSVC6, which was related to large switch statements. The most successful way of finding what's causing these "heisenbugs" is to NOT change the binary, but just load it in the debugger as-is, make a guess at where it's failing, and set a few breakpoints/watchpoints. Either the compiler is not generating the code that you expect, or your expectations of the language were wrong, and both cases are fairly clear from looking at the generated code. > If x is unused, the compiler is allowed to remove the assignment This and the Apple SSL bug makes me think that optimising compilers should be far more explicit (i.e. emitting messages or even warnings) about what they're doing than they are now, because it seems far too much about the optimisation process is being hidden and not transparent enough. Not only unreachable code, messages like "result of computation x is never used", "if-condition assumed to be {false, true}", "while-loop condition always false - body removed", etc. would be extremely useful for detecting and fixing these problems. > Does IE7 matter any more, or IE9? Do people with those browsers almost expect sites to look wrong? It depends what sort of sites they use the most, and just the sheer number of sites on the Internet, most of which have been around for a long time, means that only the newest ones tend to be incompatible (and as a data point, HN is usable with IE 6 .) > Do you know the precendence of --, > , ++ and = by heart? > Also if you lose a space you are relying on compiler maximal munch to process (count-->0) as --, > and not -, ->. Those are fundamental things that should be second-nature to you if you claim to really know C, just as a mathematician would know that exponentiation has higher precedence than multiplication which has higher precedence than addition. > Did p get incremented or did p get incremented? There's an easy and concise mnemonic for the precedence of ++/-- and dereference - just remember that this is a strcpy , as shown in K&R: while(*dst++ = *src++) ; So here it is the pointer that is incremented, and not what it points to. > Finally, the same people who write that kind of code also write things like f(x++, (x+1)) without realizing that this is undefined in C. Those are the people who think they know C, but actually don't; it's an issue of not knowing what you don't know, and in such situations you should either seek to find the answer, or be conservative. The problem here is that the bug is not in the "dense" part - it's more likely that whoever wrote that code thought memset was always used to set blocks of memory to 0, and as for why it wasn't discovered sooner: it wasn't being used for anything else! Someone with that misunderstanding could've just as well have written what you consider more "readable" code, but with the same bug: *s = 0; s++; This is the code that gives us the classic buffer overflow vulnerability all because checking for a length isn't elegant. Or rather, buffer overflows arise because someone did not think of lengths , and somehow this mentality became ingrained in a rather large number of programmers; this code is perfectly fine if the length of the source string is always less than or equal to that of the destination. I think saying "never use X" is almost always a bad idea, since it discourages reasoning, and not thinking about lengths is what lead to this problem in the first place. On the other hand, "never use gets()" is more appropriate, since whoever came up with that function clearly never thought of lengths... It's also easy to block Flash (I have it disabled by default), but not so easy to block JS or CSS animations selectively. Having done some decompilation/deobfuscation stuff I've worked with the Flash file format directly at the byte level, and it's really quite nice and efficient for its purpose - although you wouldn't see that from the direction Adobe's plugins have taken. IMHO it was good when it was still called Macromedia Shockwave Flash. Title made me wonder whether it was about NAND flash and SSD endurance at first. It is read once and written once, and the value that was read is the value of the expression. Note that this "elaborated" version, while(*src) { char c = *src; src++; *dst = c; dst++; } if the pointers were volatile, would actually read the source value twice . That reminds me of these quotes from the SWF format spec (from v9, but still there probably in the latest version): "Simplicity - The format is simple so that Flash Player is small and easily ported. Also, Flash Player depends upon a limited set of operating system features only." "Scalability - The files work well on limited hardware, and can take advantage of better hardware when it is available." Looking at the rest of the format spec, you would get the same impression, that a fully functional player could be written much better than Adobe's. Almost makes you wonder, did Adobe kill Flash? That is disturbing. I've had *.google-analytics.com nullrouted ever since I heard of GA. > SHA-1 of the machine's MAC address. There's only 2^48 MAC addresses, there are 2^160 SHA-1 hashes. With computing power at where it is today, a bruteforce over the MAC space wouldn't take long. On the other hand, spoofing the data is also an alternative way of opposition... A FLOP is quite a lot simpler than a SHA-1 hash, however. The Bitcoin network might be a better comparison since it uses doubled SHA-256; currently it's at around 3e16 hashes per second, or 6e16 SHA-256 operations per second. That's enough to hash all possible MACs in less than a second. > We don’t provide methods for unauthorized access to our products In other words, "we provide methods for authorized access to our products" - and we'll let you figure out who is "authorized". Actually 4-bit MCUs (mostly mask-programmed) are still quite popular at the extreme low end, because they're absolutely tiny ( x86 (not surprisingly?) came out ahead: http://www.researchgate.net/publication/224114307_Code_densi... > Do you really think non-developers are creating user stylesheets to begin with? Then ask yourself why they are called user stylesheets? IMHO all these attempts at taking away features "because most of the users won't ever use them" or similar reasons, and then saying "but developers can just do {more complicated thing}, it's better" is a terribly wrong direction that a lot of software seems to be heading in. "Most of the users won't ever use them" is definitely a valid observation, but how about the ones who do? They probably use them because they discovered that feature and decided to play with it more, learn about it, and found out how useful it could be. By removing them, many more who would've otherwise discovered them will not, they will have a harder time learning about these things that benefit them, and instead remain ignorant. I find this to be almost patronising. Are you implying that "non-developers" should be discouraged from doing so? Would you agree if CSS was replaced with HTML? Consider that many people learned how to write their own webpages with nothing more than a browser and a text editor, and the simplicity and soft error recovery characteristics of HTML is what I think was responsible for a large part of the Internet's growth. The barrier to entry was low, so it was easy to participate. Many people I know learned how to create webpages this way, largely by example (i.e. view source). Many of them also learned a bit of CSS too. These users produced and consumed content. But now, all I see is a growing divide between "users" and "developers", with these changes in browsers both reflecting and encouraging it, and I can't see that as being at all a good thing. designer-centric app-ification of the web Great phrase. I'm probably not the only one who desires a more user -centric web, and also web browser... When the first thought that came into my head was "DO NOT WANT!", I can guarantee some advertiser somewhere is going to find a way to make this even more irritating than it currently is. And everyone wonders why I'm still using as my main browser one that doesn't support CSS animations... and I do have blink and marquee filtered out. Bizarre and very interesting. A lot of those look like an extreme version of dithering. Reminds me of some of the art in demoscene productions too. Since each image containing all RGB colours is just a different permutation of the same pixels, it might make for an interesting effect to animate pixel-swapping to transform one into another. Unfortunately at present there's no single monitor that can show all the pixels of a 4096x4096 image individually... For some reason, this comment really read like a marketing testimonial. I hope that sometime in the near future, when everything has been locked-down so much in the name of security that the situation becomes the exact opposite, someone will write an article titled "Downloading Software Freely Is Nearly Impossible". Don't get me wrong, I think security is a good thing, but I also think there has to be a balance between that and freedom. One of the most secure places to live in is a prison. As the saying goes, "Those who sacrifice freedom for security deserve neither." It's probably a subjective thing, like with font rendering using antialising/subpixel antialiasing. I personally can't stand "smooth" scrolling either, I'd describe it more as sluggish and blurry instead of snappy and sharp. I would prefer flashing or changing colour (slowly); it gets my attention in a rather less irritating way than movement. That's not even XOR, that's NOT! The problem is not using XOR in itself, since virtually all good crypto is based on it; it's what the XOR'ing is with . In some ways BGA is even easier, aiming a hot air gun requires less general accuracy than a fine soldering iron tip. The only difficult part is the size of the things. Zapier lets you connect apps together in interesting ways, whether or not it really makes sense to. Maybe someone out there will find it useful to be able to manage their dashboards with instant messages. I think code completion would be enjoyed the most by those who don't know how to touch-type, since for them inputting the code is quite time-consuming. But working with others (and occasionally using it myself), I've also found that code completion tends to encourage a "I think this is the right method/class/variable because it's in the list, I'll use it" type of thought process; and while it makes for easy generation of code that has no syntax errors, it also feels like it increases making logic errors since there is less thinking about "is this really want I want to write here" - it tells you what you can write here, and the instinct is to just pick the one that seems to feel like it would work. Without completion I already code in the 100-120wpm+ range (and can comfortably write prose in the 150-160 range), so I don't think I need to make that any faster... > I can either list them or see a list that begins if I just remember a prefix. I think there is a deeper issue if identifiers are becoming so long that it's hard to remember them. But working with someone else's code is one of the few times I've found autocomplete to be useful, largely because it helps with getting around these issues. 1. Why add complexity when it isn't necessary? Inline output is one of the best features of PHP in that it makes it extremely easy to get started using it. If you want templates you can add them. Not everyone wants them. 2. PHP is dynamically typed, like many other languages, and so you just have to know what types something can be and how they behave together. Even in a statically typed language you need to know how type conversions work. That's what the documentation is for ( http://php.net/manual/en/language.operators.comparison.php ). It's not "wildly unpredictable", it's defined and deterministic. I don't think PHP needs a built-in web server, but for a different reason: there's already tons of others you can use with it. > The web server is explicitly for development purposes. It is not meant for production. Doing that would mean the dev/prod environment is different, which is not that great of an idea. Keeping them as similar as possible leads to less chance of "but it worked on the dev server" sort of problems. > no one with common sense would not start new project (except simple wordpress stuff) in PHP. Is that really what you meant? "better practices" for what ? The requirements for a huge (often overgeneralised) enterprise application are very different from a little script for personal or small-community use. There are far more of the latter than the former, and those wanting to "get started with web programming" are going to start out with that too. Using nonzero for errors means you can do the same thing. This is common in things like this: if(somefunc()) goto fail; Additionally, if the return is a fail/pass status, there is only one success (0), and you can use all the nonzero values for error codes. Those are functions that return more possible success values than failure values. The three common conventions seem to be: Nonzero: error code, zero: success Nonzero: one of many possible success values, zero: error (e.g. malloc()) Negative: error code, positive: one of many possible success values And each has its tradeoffs. > While it may not appear to be the case, developing secure web applications is rather complicated, that's why we have frameworks and that's why these frameworks can be somewhat complex. That doesn't make not using them the simpler solution. I disagree. The more complexity you introduce, the more code is needed, the greater the chance of bugs, and the greater the chance of those bugs not being discovered sooner. > the default data output is unescaped How is that a bad idea? IMHO much better by default to be outputting verbatim instead of silently changing the output. Escaping is something you should be conscious of, since you then have a better idea of where you need it and where you don't, and what type of escaping you need. They tried to do escaping on the input by default with the magic quotes option; that didn't turn out well. SWF has a very cleverly designed binary vector graphics format, which naturally lends itself to small filesizes. Much better than SVG or (E)PS, I think. I used a picture viewer named LXPIC in DOS on a 486 to look at JPEGs - and it was incredibly fast and small. Apparently it works even on the original IBM PC with an 8088, but I've never tried that. The only thing I'd consider to be close to a "best" practice is to maintain backwards compatibility. This means a little more effort initially put into the design, but it pays off if it's to stay around for a long time. I've noticed a rather disturbing trend of thought in technology that's been showing up more and more recently with things like this: "Make it harder for users to know how things really work. Make it harder for users to explore, make mistakes, and learn. Make it harder for users to become developers. The less the users know, the easier it'll seem to them, and the easier it'll be for us to stay in control. Keep them ignorant and consuming. Lock them in a walled garden and tell them it's all 'for your security/safety'. Because knowledge is power, and we don't want that in the hands of the users." Netflix doing this is one of the more obvious manifestations, but they are not alone - many other companies and even open-source, free-software projects are taking this approach, Google included. To quote from the format spec, "SWF uses techniques such as bit-packing and structures with optional fields to minimize file size." Many fields are variable-width numbers of bits, using only as many bits as necessary to encode the data. Coordinates are delta-encoded. Is the console itself mostly written in JS? If that's the case, why didn't anyone think "this thing is accessible from JS, JS which could come from a (possibly untrusted) external site!" Were they planning on this "feature" being useful somehow? It reminds me of debuggers that can be crashed by what they're debugging, VMs that escape into their hosts, and (as mentioned) websites that try to disable right-click or otherwise interfere with the browser, which should ultimately be the one in control (by the user)... Intuitively, I would expect that to FUBAR the console completely but it's actually deleting the overridden version so it restores the real console's properties (which thankfully cannot be deleted.) Cute way of fixing it. I know people who get paid by their friends for help setting up computers - often reformatting/reinstalling after malware infections - and I'd guess many of them would be installing Firefox for them too. Does it mean they can't do that according to Mozilla if they charge for the services? Dell gets picked on here, but I bet they're not the only ones who charge to install free software like Firefox. And if you don't agree with them, you get called a pedophile or terrorist. Paranoia does funny things to people's brains. > the only solution is to educate. Exactly. The more things you do to restrict users so "it's safer for them", the more reckless and stupid they'll become - "because $security_feature will protect me" - and they won't ever learn anything. On the other hand, if we give them the freedom to make mistakes, those that do will learn from them. Instead of trying to block "self-XSS" or telling everyone "don't listen to anyone telling you to paste something into the URL bar", we should be encouraging them with "if you don't know what it does or don't trust the one who told you to do that, then don't do it - or find out what it really does ." That last part is particularly important, since it encourages curiosity and that motivates learning. I understand that many people would just want to use something and not want to learn all that much, but I feel we should also not be encouraging this "lack of thought" mentality either. I see what you did there. This is part of a larger trend where programming environments are getting increasingly creaky and complicated. Java started out simple, but it's not anymore. The web started out simple, but it's not anymore. Every so often, development environments need a reboot and I think we're long overdue. There's also the question of whether all this increasing complexity is actually needed - not everyone needs enterprise solution platforms or scalable web application architecture frameworks. Some people just want to write a few webpages to share information with others, and browsers made it easy to get started. Just because we have some really idiotic users and the page source might contain "exploitable" things like cookie values and session IDs doesn't mean we should remove "View Source" and make it a developer-only option. (If the trend continues, I can actually see this happening in the not-so-distant future...) Are these unskippable? Maybe people will finally put down their iDevices more frequently and do something else when they realise they're being fed adverts like what they would do with the TV. I hope. "I have an A-10 with this stain under the cockpit. I've tried scrubbing it with soap and water, jet fuel, and degreaser, but it stays there. Does anyone know a better solvent?" I was expecting something like that from the title... Or maybe https://bitcoin.org/satoshinakamoto.asc would be preferable instead. The idea is that by using resistors (which are much cheaper than diodes), any "indirect paths" that go through more than 1 switch between the rows and columns will decrease the voltage sensed on those, while the voltage on the ones that go through only 1 switch is higher. They say they've patented this technology but in fact it's been used for (smaller) keypads with microcontrollers for a long time before that; I remember reading some application notes that showed this technique. That is a rather long way of saying "figure out exactly what the program is doing, and whether it matches what you think it should be doing." With BIOSes being serial flash these days, it's really easy to read/write them since all you need is something that can do programmed GPIO on a few lines at the right voltage. An Arduino, a parallel port on another PC, etc. A lot of PC repair shops in China will reflash BIOSes really cheaply too; they usually use a clothespin-like clip to attach to the chip so they can do it quickly without having to solder anything. I stared at the example and something kept catching my attention but I didn't know what it was until I compared it to my usual coding font (xterm6x13, modded with slashed zero) - the zero is slashed backwards! I can still remember a time when monospace, aliased bitmap fonts were preferred by the majority of coders, but it seems things have changed especially in the past few years... but I still prefer the standard X fixed fonts with their zeros slashed and find antialiased fonts more difficult to focus on. I don't know about avionics much either, but I'm wondering why, even at the time of AF447 if the planes do broadcast information about their current position (including altitude and speed), there seems to be no obvious "Your plane is dropping from the sky!" warning generated by any systems and remotely sent. Even if it's not a continuous stream of data, planes don't fall infinitely fast; it took a few minutes for AF447 to reach sea level. Governments have developed so much surveillance technology that they can easily invade the privacy of many citizens, yet tracking the exact whereabouts of planes flying in the sky - something that for scheduled, commercial flights whose routes should very much be publicly known information - still seems out of reach? I find that fact a little unsettling. From your link: Radar data suggests that the aircraft broke into four pieces while at FL350. So it seems they saw it disintegrate, whereas MH370 just... disappeared. I prefer the Xterm default Fixed fonts ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fixed_(typeface) ) The IBM VGA font is a close second: http://i.imgur.com/XtzqR.png The weirdest thing about their naming policy is that you can make up a ton of fake names that fit their policy, but then someone with a real name comes along that doesn't. (Some part of me thinks we should just give everyone a GUID or something and be done with it...) I've always thought that something like a REPNZ ADCSB/W/D/Q would be very useful for multiprecision math. Add two numbers in memory, propagate carry, and repeat until you get to the end of the number. And there's also the fact that 64 bits is overkill for many applications as well - especially when you need to store large arrays of them. Another one of the most difficult to understand concepts for JS-only programmers seems to be the finiteness of memory... > If all your pointers are 64-bit aligned, all your variables are 64-bit aligned and your processor isn't any faster processing 16-bit numbers - if it even have instructions to process those - than 64-bit numbers Memory bandwidth. If the processor can read a single 64-bit integer in a clock cycle, it can read 4 16-bit ones just as well. Memory is slower than the core. > The problem is that some moron can enter his private key there, to see what the site says about it. Then if the owner reads the server logs, he can read the private key. To be clear, never ever never ever never ever put your private key in a random website. You would think that the word "private" in "private key" would give them a clue... or do most people now not really understand the concept of privacy anymore? It still looks far too much like a "tabletisation" of the desktop. > while a chess player can't Neither can an airline pilot, and they work in situations where both making the decision correctly and arriving at the decision quickly is extremely important - and here it's not just the fate of a chess game, but the lives of several hundred people. They still are for anything but graphical tasks (photo editing, drawing diagrams, etc.) E.g. what's the fastest way to get a sorted list of all the .jpg files in a directory? Now you want to get that list of files in a text file, so that you can email them to someone or put them in a document or etc. Brings to mind bad memories of hitting "shut down" accidentally instead of "restart" on a remote machine... To do that, they've been removing features: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... On the other hand (no pun intended), I think the only things at the moment that seem almost close enough to be called "smart" are smartphones. I thought it was going to be a transistor-level one, like this: http://visual6502.org/wiki/index.php?title=Motorola_6800 As much as the idea of every passenger being able to eject in the case of an emergency amuses me, I don't think that's going to happen. Ejection seats are expensive, can themselves be dangerous (they are basically a rocket-propelled chair), and pilots in aircraft that use them need to be specially trained for their use. That's not even mentioning how you'd be able to sever the whole top off the fuselage quickly enough, and if you could, what if that system malfunctions in normal operation...! Exactly. Safety-critical applications by nature have to be risk-averse, and that means anything new, anything that hasn't been thoroughly tested and backed by years of experience, is an unacceptable risk. Older processors constructed on older large-size processes and often operating at higher voltages and slower clocks are more robust because they have a smaller number of transistors, which means a simpler more predictable model of error propagation; larger features mean lower current densities, increasing resistance to electromigration and decreasing the chances of defects from natural process variation; higher supply voltages reduce the effects of noise; slower clock rates allow more time for noise-induced glitches to settle instead of propagating. One of my favourite examples of this is the CDP1802 - an 8-bit CPU from the mid 70s, which is still in production and use today in aerospace applications. Been there, done that. A lot of public WiFi hotspots will allow outgoing (and incoming) DNS, by design. It's unbearably slow (especially when you use SSL over it, which I'd consider almost mandatory if you do this) for anything other than email and maybe running a few shell commands, however. Applying additional obfuscation/whitening to the data stream to make it harder to detect makes it even slower. I'm not surprised at Google's response, since this looks to me along the same lines as putting lots of images in your signature in a popular forum; although in that case it is really is a D DoS. Maybe Google should consider putting a bandwidth limiter of some sort on that (or even better: use hashes to avoid duplicates), but I think screaming "security! vulnerability!" is not a good action to take here... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_ETag (I know that servers can be configured not to send ETags or break caches by sending random ones every time, but this could reduce the data usage considerably since most of the responses would only include the headers.) > If a user needs a dynamic image he can download it to his own machine and upload it. Doesn't that somewhat defeat the purpose of a dynamic image? Let's hope their security is good... or we may see headlines like this in the future: "Hackers gain control of networked thermostats, thousands hospitalised and injured" -Os Then if any functions are a bottleneck, compile them with function-specific O2 or O3. I decided to take a look just because I saw this: 2048 (gabrielecirulli.github.io) 1337 points by frederfred 8 hours ago Reminds me of the sorts of techniques used in 4/64K demos. The bulk of the logic seems to be here: https://github.com/notaz/ia32rtools/blob/master/tools/transl... It looks like it's not a full decompiler, but just an instruction-level one - it doesn't attempt to recover any more high-level structure beyond if/goto and function boundaries with parameters. Look at lines 4500-4533 for an example. He also appears to be parsing disassembler output(!) for its input. The thermal limit switches in a furnace are usually there to prevent fire, and won't trip unless something is seriously wrong with the furnace. The furnace running within design temperatures is still enough to make your house extremely hot. It's always great to see things that people would consider nontrivial programming tasks being done with a much smaller amount of code than they would expect from looking at the more "mainstream" libraries that do it. Public domain is a big bonus too. In comparison, Freetype is absolutely monsterous; it is a few times faster according to some benchmarks I've found, but a few orders of magnitude bigger too. Sometimes you don't need the fastest, you just want something simple that works. But if we do buy the proposition that OO is a good idea for our domain, shouldn’t we ask ourselves why we aren’t using it for our classes? "If X is a good thing, why aren't we using more X?" No. I've seen horribly convoluted and overly complex code written as a result of following this sort of dogma with things like design patterns. OOP can be incredibly useful when applied correctly, but don't think that it's a panacea or that "OOP-ness" is somehow directly correlated with code quality. Layers of abstraction and encapsulation are very good at hiding bugs too, and IMHO they're overrated. Not if you watch public-domain movies with it. > because Intel refuses to license and standardize Thunderbolt. Openness is definitely a big issue, and technical advantages may not be able to overcome proprietariness and cost. It's similar to what happened with Firewire (1394) and USB. The former has many technical advantages, but the official standards are not free. The latter is simpler and slower, with freely available standards, and as a result it has become ubiquitous. And all of a sudden I can't copy a quote out to email to my mom without either retyping it or taking a photo and running OCR. That is assuming that all your other software hasn't evolved to the point where it recognises "copyrighted content" and stops you from doing that... this is worth reading if you haven't already: http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/right-to-read.html "if you outlaw freedom, only outlaws will have freedom." What's his blog hosted on...? > Fortunately, SD cards are on the way out, I don't know about you, but I'd rather not sacrifice my freedom to manage storage for a little temporary security... > Facebook evacuation At first glance, this conjured up mental images of users worldwide being told to log out of their accounts and not use the site until further notice. > I don't know what makes him tick, or tap or flap. Great way of saying it. > Tasks like opening tabs and loading pages seemed subjectively faster than doing the same on my 4GHz desktop. That is because your desktop can also do a lot more (and likely is doing a lot in the background.) What is basically a bootable browser, not so much. If you disable unneeded services and drivers in your desktop OS, and have nothing more than a browser open, I think the speed would be comparable. > If you put a bad CD in it you can lock the whole window manager up That's because the retry behaviour is quite aggressive - it will keep trying many times, waiting on the driver, until either a read error is returned or a timeout happens (which is somewhere in the region of minutes). The same thing happens with a hard drive that's dying, a slow USB drive, or anything else that takes a long time --- I'm guessing that this long wait is still better than frequent "An error occurred reading/writing. [Cancel] [Retry]" popups. Notifications in Windows can be configured, and often come from third-party programs; I use Windows and rarely get any system tray notifications (that's what those popup balloons are called) - the most common one I see is when the state of the network connection changes, and that's definitely useful information for me. I've tried OS X and I can definitely see how some people like it, but I felt like it was too "opaque", like it was hiding a lot of info from me. > Of course, removal of "distracting" user-interface elements can go to the extreme IMHO UIs have already gone a bit too far in this direction. The funny thing is that I have a feeling a lot of the same people who think this often useful information is an "unnecessary distraction" are the ones who do not use adblockers and such when viewing webpages, and seemingly have no problem consuming the content with all manner of attention-getting adverts spewed at them. Thus avoiding https://xkcd.com/979/ and the equally annoying "Nevermind, I fixed it." Don't forget browser vendors slowly removing features "that should be developer-only", the lack of any real choice in browsers (there's only 3 or 4 major browsers, which is not that much better than a monopoly, and they're all heading in a similar direction), and the growing mass of (needless?) complexity that they're becoming. The Web started out being simple, so the barriers to entry were low and people easily got into writing pages to share information with others. Now anyone who wants to build a website gets bombarded with dozens (if not hundreds) of frameworks, libraries, application platform, etc. and it makes them feel like they have to somehow learn and use all of this new stuff, because they're given the impression (mostly from big commercial sites) that they have to do so or their site will "look outdated". I think we should encourage more "just writing webpages", with an emphasis on (mostly static) content, and less on the "app-ification" currently going on. As much as this is probably not a popular opinion here, I think the days of Geocities and the like, with almost everyone wanting to --- and easily accomplishing --- the task of writing webpages, was when the Web was much closer to its goals. Admittedly, these "amateurs" didn't have the best design for their sites, and browsers were less featureful than they are today, but somehow the "roughness" and "wild" nature of those days felt like far more of a user-empowering Web than it is today. Indeed, that is also partly responsible - there's less incentive for the public to learn HTML, and instead they will feel more inclined to rely on these frameworks/applications/services. The barrier of entry to just getting your opinion published has lowered; but the barrier of entry to making your own site and being a webmaster has gone in the opposite direction. I think that is largely how the Web is becoming more closed. When I read the title I thought it was going to be a printf("HTTP/1.1 200 OK..."); sort of thing, but I was pleasantly surprised. Also related: http://www.howstuffworks.com/lightsaber.htm It wouldn't surprise me if the new system turns out to be less reliable and not last as long, due to all these added things. This isn't aerospace-level, but it's still an application where bugs can be truly dangerous (e.g. bridge attempts to open while you're driving across?) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect And since this plane is far larger than 3 meters, it doesn't even need to be that accurate; 50 meter GPS accuracy would be good enough. It's only a vulnerability if the user can control the format string. Otherwise it's a useful way of getting the lengths of things; but ironically it's not paying attention to lengths that also causes buffer overflow vulnerabilities... Not surprisingly, they are called face book after all... > For one thing, this isn't exactly a stealthy or cheap thing to do. That's actually the more disturbing part about this: it require computational resources that only governments and large corporations can afford, so they are the ones who gain the most from it; and it gives them more leverage over the population. Regular expressions in DNS records? That sounds like it would be an easy possibility of exponential resource consumption: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReDoS After a quick Google, it turns out some versions of ISC BIND were vulnerable to this... but I'm almost willing to bet a lot of other software that handles NAPTR could be as well. I think a lot of it has to do with discoverability (or lack thereof) - e.g. buttons, which used to actually look like things you could depress , have turned into little icons that often don't even have a border. It makes it harder to know whether something is a button or just an indicator, or even purely decorative. The trend seems to be to hide everything away in (at times multiple) layers of submenus, require various gestures (with no hints that you can), and offer little in the way of context-sensitive help. Funny they put it in Accessibility - the category of options for "disadvantaged" users, as if "normal" users wouldn't need a more accessible UI? If you want features like that, you'll have to go for the relatively unknown Chinese brands, since they rely less on advertising and more on functionality. Like this one for example: http://www.gizchina.com/2013/11/07/jiayu-g5-unboxing-hands-o... All these "we think it went that way!" and then a short while later "no it didn't, it might've went that way!" articles in the news are almost facepalm-worthy. I'm not one to believe in most conspiracy theories, but it really makes me wonder if they already know what happened to the plane but just want to stretch this process out for some reason... > Mozilla have limited resource ...which they have spent a lot of on needlessly changing the UI, so at least refusing to do it this time is a welcome change in direction. Goodbye Popcorn Time, Hello Streisand Effect. > I wonder if the added complexity makes it a net win or loss for safety? I guess a win, since that's what they do. The chance of one or more of the systems failing actually triples (OR), but the chance of all three failing (AND) decreases, which is what redundancy provides. Basic probability. Any time you're using malloc() you run the risk of running out of memory, which is a very very bad thing for a safety-critical embedded system. Statically allocated, fixed-size things are good, as are algorithms that are designed not to require O(n) space to perform their processing. OOP in keyboard firmware ? Am I the only one who finds this quite a lot more complex than it needs to be? > The fact that I2C communication blocks immediately is important. Button debouncing is done by counting the number of "frames" for which a key is in a certain state. The obvious solution for this is to synchronise the I2C clock to the matrix scanning loop, so you receive/send one bit each time through the loop. Even better, do away with the I2C overhead completely and use a continuous serial protocol between the two halves. Thanks to games like this and 2048, more people will start seeing and memorising powers of 2. That's definitely not a bad thing... I still see a lot of redundancy there (e.g. "class", "Math", "font"). Maybe a real LZ packer could shrink it even more... "Merge tiles to flap." I have a 5" smartphone and holding it in one hand, I can just reach all of the screen with my thumb; 5.3" or 6" would be too large for me. I wouldn't consider my hands large either - they're probably slightly below-average in size. People's hands definitely vary in size, so it's understandable that what someone finds 4" just right would have trouble with anything bigger, and likewise in the other direction. "The rule of thumb ", indeed. > What functionality would you propose stripping? The complexity here is not in the functionality. It's in the design and implementation. > The main loop takes some milliseconds. The MCU has a 16MHz single-cycle core. That means a 62.5ns instruction cycle, or 16,000 instructions in 1ms. What makes it require >16,000 instructions every time through the loop? > What benefit would a "continuous" (do you mean asynchronous?) serial protocol have? I do mean a continuous one, with the master driving the clock at the frequency of the main loop, and the slave(s) synchronising their transmissions with it. One of the biggest advantages I see is that you can make use of unused positions in the key matrix, so that they can be scanned at the same time as all the others. You just need to know which one, and instead of applying debouncing/up/down, accumulate the bits of scancode that are sent in and pass them through. > 1. It wouldn't work well with the symmetric halves design. The cable would have to switch the TX and RX lines, and no common cable does that. GPIOs are bidirectional. You can do the crossover configuration entirely in software, since the current design already detects whether it's plugged in from USB. > 2. It wouldn't support more than two keyboards at once How would you do this with the current design? They're symmetrical, but I don't see any way to chain or hub them together (unless you use a USB hub to connect as many independently as you want...), so I think that's a bit of a moot point. But if you are thinking of a star topology for this "keyboard area network"(!), using another unused key position in the matrix of the master for more extension boards would work. Each board could act as a hub for more, but this quickly gets into "why would you ever want to do that" territory. > unless I implemented a shared-line serial protocol from scratch, and then why not just use I2C? Because I2C was defined with different assumptions in mind. > I've also learned that having a monitor that has the correct dpi ratio verses screen resolution verses screen size is more important than cramming the most number of pixels into a specific screen size. Especially if you want to avoid eye strain. Definitely. The "retina" fad of higher and higher resolutions, combined with bigger screen sizes, means that you can get plenty of tiny text on a screen, but that doesn't mean you can comfortably read it at a good viewing distance. So you turn the font size up... and wonder why you need such a high DPI since you'd just be seeing the same amount of text as before. I prefer multiple monitors over one huge one, since I can position them so they're all easy to see and a relatively constant distance from my eyes (i.e. in an arc). One huge flat surface means that looking at the corners requires large head movements since that distance increases much more. Wouldn't a 1920 x 1080 display of the same size be more suitable then? How about buying a replacement Thinkpad keyboard and getting the switches from it? I've used a Thinkpad as well as other laptop's keyboards over the years, and the Thinkpad ones usually do feel a bit more solid and accurate. They're still a bit too stiff for me, however, as my regular desktop's keyboard is an extremely soft rubber dome one (~40g actuation force). I've tried clicky keyboards, but never really liked them. It's definitely a personal preference. Would assuming that the default language is English be valid? I know a large percentage of the Internet probably doesn't "know English", but if they can connect to the Internet, would they at least recognise enough words (like "language"") that they can choose a different language? > to be converted to current value in USD It'll be interesting to see what happens... but somehow the idea of expending huge amounts of computing power mining cryptocurrency for charity looks like an incredibly more wasteful process than just shutting off your machines when they're not in use and donating the difference in your power bill. I'm now happier than ever that I bought one of the last pure-BIOS motherboards of the i7 era, and a laptop (Thinkpad X60) that can run completely free software ( https://www.fsf.org/resources/hw/endorsement/gluglug , although I didn't know that when I bought it several years ago ), and I plan on holding on to these machines and making the most of them for as long as I can, because the future of the PC is looking more and more closed with each new change. It was only a few decades ago when IBM released the PC AT, complete with a full set of documentation, even the full source code of the BIOS. Now you're lucky if you can even get a datasheet for the SuperI/O chip or processor VRM controller. I've observed this decrease in openness through the years, but it's only most recently (post-Nehalem?) I've noticed this happening at an accelerated pace. Throughout this time, all the changes that have been made for "security" appear to me as more and more like attempts to secure systems against their users, taking control away from them and forcing them to trust some authority instead. Code signing, secure boot, TPM, patch protection, etc. It is becoming more difficult to stay in control of the hardware you bought. It is true that several years ago, it was probably much easier to infect systems with malware, but at the same time, the users had more freedom; including the freedom to explore, use, and modify the OSes of their choosing. Is this freedom something we should really be sacrificing? The well-known quote comes to mind: "Those who give up freedom for security deserve neither." > Given that mindset, what do you gain by having Administration rights to your new-age VT-100 Personal Computer? The freedom and power to control what's yours. A chance to explore, to learn more about the system you're using and possibly adapt it to fit your needs. IMHO giving users that chance is very important: how many experienced developers started out as power users - who also were originally only users? By taking away these chances, keeping regular users relatively oblivious, fewer of them will want to go through the increasing hassle of "becoming a developer"; it becomes an abrupt decision instead of the continuum of knowledge it once was. This divide between "users" and "developers/administrators" only makes it harder for users to cross that gap, and takes control away from them. > If you want to fiddle with hardware yourself, you get a Raspberry Pi [...] These devices are open in ways Personal Computers never were, having everything from schematics to JTAG pins available. Funny you mention the RPi, as it's nowhere close to being as open as the PC/AT was. Great setup! Judging by the scopes, you're also an EE? > Users don't know enough about computers to distrust malicious software. Then the solution is to educate them, not mollycoddle them and keep them locked up. But knowledge is power, and educated users are difficult to control and deceive, so the "developers", the ones who want to remain in control, don't want that happening. > We put barriers between people and phishing sites, so they can't be tricked into giving their money away. The same people who would then fall for a different scam, before even more barriers are erected, and would think "security software X doesn't think this is a phishing site, so it must be safe." > We put barriers between children and in-app purchases, because they don't understand the consequences. A "think of the children" argument? I agree a lot of young ones haven't developed to that point yet, but if you make it so they never experience any bad consequences, they'll never learn from them too. > If you, an Administrator, were standing right there beside them, you'd grab the mouse from their hand and stop them, for their own good. No, I'd just tell them "you're very likely not going to like the outcome, but the ultimate choice is yours." "We do not truly have freedom if we do not have the freedom to make the wrong choices." I like how they use antivirus/antimalware software as an example, because it's what is almost universally considered "a good thing". The flip side of it is that this security software can also be used as a tool for mass censorship, and I certainly don't want something like that being impossible to remove and running in "ring -1".