> Just the fact "grind Leet Code" is a recommendation to someone who's most recent job title was CTO and has written two books may be a sign these interviews are broken. Well, I'm sorry you have to go through the same ropes that we peasants do, you highness. > I'm just curious what you're expecting to have changed since the last time a post like this was made (you did say "every time I see..." so you've certainly seen many). Hire me inflated ego without any tests, of course. God forbids I have to do anything to get a job that will put me in a bracket of earning more than 99.99% people in this world. And you have a source to something? Or just a usual Wundowz 8 bed? There are plenty of companies with low hiring bar. What an amazing architecture. Shows just how ugly and deplorable modern architecture is. > DS/A don't actually translate to a real-world bar. It's more parallel to "have you been to and passed college?" which is probably not what you want. Any study that can confirm that? [flagged] > Are they just trying to virtue signal and act woke? Yes. > Yes, is signalling your virtues and acting .. "aware of what is going on, or well-informed, especially in racial and other social justice issues"... bad? If it harms others, then yes. Just yesterday I read about lawsuit where white male was fired to hire two females. Which is a direct consequence of diversity virtue signaling. I worked for both, you're wrong. The difference between fintech and traditional banks is that former treats tech as revenue driver and latter as cost center and it feels in literally every step. Crypto is not financial innovation. > There are entire classes of financial instruments in use today that could not exist in the tradfi ecosystem. Such as? > Cities often don't have one specific point in the center (America's zoning is absolutely horrendous and forces this to happen) and so businesses, restaurants, shopping, activities, and so on are fairly equally spread across towns. That is absolutely not true. There's a reason why it is called center in the first place. Amsterdam, for example is completely flooded by tourists in the center and not so much outside of it. > In Japan, supply and demand meet, and a new 3 bedroom house in Tokyo is like 400K USD [edited for current data] - right around the cost of construction. Uh uh, apartment, not a house. There's a huge difference. > No principle says everyone should be able to live in San Francisco. This. I don't understand why people think that it's their fundamental right to live somewhere where they want. What does this has to do with my message? If there's a place - sure, join. But it's not your fundamental right to move everyone because you want to be there. > are much more willing to accept apartments. That's the problem. Apartment is inhumane by default. No privacy, no private space. They shouldn't accept them. Own as in own a garage, I wouldn't want to live there though. I don't want to hear my neighbors music, kids, party, someone having sex. I don't want to participate in group meetings. I don't want to deal with flooded ceiling or looking at another apartments when I look out of the window. I don't want to hear that me and my wife are walking to loud when we've just arrived from work. That's just off the top of my head. > I've found this technique to be extremely successful. That's just survivorship bias waiting to explode. Also, they're successful by some arbitrary metric that is applicable only to your company. The is heavily biased to people who did X. Why are you so upset that somebody considers themselves smarter than you? Serious question. > Because the most common say to day issue is needing to think of an algorithm on the spot... Are you trolling? Everything that you do as an engineer is coming up with an algorithm. Algorithm is how you solve a problem, how you think about constraints and requirements. There's glue code, but nobody wants to work with people only capable of doing glue code. When was the last time somebody asked you to implement some text book algorithm? All the FAANG interviews I had were about some leetcode problem where you had to be familiar and use some algorithm, not write it from scratch. > Is upset Nobody is going to write such a rant if they're not upset. >> Typical FANG employee... Hates whiteboard interviews until they get into FANG, then thinks that anyone outside of FANG is actually delusional about their skills and must whiteboard to prove themselves worthy of handling the incredibly challenging world which is FANG- engineering. > Interpreted the parent comment as being smarter than OP >> More likely that you've drank the kool aid that you are somehow special and smarter for working at a FANG... ??? > Another way of looking at low-code is to take an even bigger step back, and look at the history of programming from the start. Python is low-code relative to C++; C and FORTRAN are low-code relative to assembler; assembler is low-code relative to machine language and toggling switches to insert binary instructions directly into the computer’s memory. That is the most stupid thing I've read in a while. There no such people. Only idiots being obtuse and moving their agenda using bogus comparison. OK. There's nothing platform-specific about C# and Kotlin. That doesn't make it no-code or low-code. It's just a high level programming language that's more efficient at solving one problem than another. > I think I have trained my brain so much on rapid skimming of websites for useful info No, your brain just tricked you. It trained you into thinking that you're doing rapid research of useful info, while it just looks for path of least resistence. > Clean code... To this day I cringe when I see methods/functions over 20 lines long.. Or when I see commented code blocks in one function.. To this day I cringe when I see dogmatic opinions of a fraud taken like an absolute truth. > that insist to haze potential hires with live-coding & whiteboarding tests even though folks have 10+ years of experience. Don't see any problem here. I've met my share of "10+" years of "experience". Except Electron is 8 years old, and Compose desktop has started active development half a year ago. Yep. Let's return back to times when only rich and wealthy were able to afford meat. > that is, imperative style Yikes. Just switch to Java already. > who both understands those advanced concepts and is not a FP fanatic. Oxymoron. Apparently "best tool for the job" means find he bottom of the barrel that can still engage somehow with the codebase. This Idiocracy went to the point where returning function pointers gets questioned during code review because "this might be too complex compared to imperative call". > Kotlin is an unmaintainable soup of features Are you sure you're not confusing Kotlin with Scala? > For example, Kotlin has null safety and it lets you write code using errors-as-values style "either" types - but it has two completely separate syntaxes for these things, and so it's impossible to interoperate or reuse code between those two approaches And that is a problem how? Stick to one style. > In practice Kotlin codebases still use magical incomprehensible reflection (Spring Boot) https://github.com/spring-projects-experimental/spring-fu/tr... > and magical compile-time manipulation (Kapt) There's nothing magical about it. We do code submission instead of LC. Believe me, most candidate are complete, utter shit. And that's without even hiring them. I'd rather filter out good candidate than let bad in. It's a domino effect. You let one bad, he will hire more in the future. It's the other way around, from my experience. People who can write a program without any setup can solve it even on paper, while people that are hardwired to specific setup or IDE quickly froze when you ask them for something. > Sounds perfectly reasonable to me. Sounds like a mental gymnastics to me. Definitely much more subjective than algorithm interview. This is subjective. > I think that staying employed as a software developer for 10+ years is a good indication of skill, far better than any random coding assignment. As someone who has been doing interviews for as long as 2 years, wrong . I've seen at least 15 candidates that had 5-15 years of experience and we're complete shit. As in no redeemable qualities in terms of tech assignment. How is skin color, ethical or gender are related to their point? > Should we throw all the female applications in the trash because they're statistically not as likely to be developers? What do you mean? > If they are bad how do they get into a position that lets them make hiring decisions? We have flat hierarchy. Just volunteer to interview because your voice is on the same level as others. Anything else aside from whataboutisms? > It'd be like saying only the farmer who can do everything by hand without any tools increasing their productivity is a real one. Or an accountant refusing to use Excel/calcuators/ERPs and writing everything on paper. You're trying to map manual work onto engineering. And absolutely I'd rather work with accountnant who can write me on paper without Excel/calculator/ERP his logic. It's like you're being obtuse just for the sake of the argument. Someone who can clearly express themselves without specific medium, be it paper, IDE or whatever is strictly superior to someone who is tied to one specific medium. > When one of the mediums actively helps and avoids small human errors How does it actively helps and avoids small human errors in reasoning. > I'd prefer the person knowing using it instead of sticking an old and imperfect method out of pride. What does even pride have to do with this? > Sounds like many competent candidates are dodging a bullet by not being hired by you How so? > turnover rate on your team like? 2 years since I joined, hired one dev recently, no one left so far. ? > I could absolutely see people complaining about multiple choice questions and how you're more likely to get tripped up by minor mistakes. You're comparing apples to oranges. I could also play MMORPGs and Dota 2 for 10 hours straight without any break, I can barely sit one hour solving LC/learning something. And before you account this to age, even now I could spend whole day playing some addictive game like a robot. > There's a reason that some people compete at the highest level and some are in the fat part of the bell curve. It's the same as with any activity. Time * dedication * (1 + natural talent) > This comment shows a remarkable disregard for the level of skill required to compete at the highest level. I've done both, I'm not disregarding amount of skill and dedication it takes. But it is completely different from programming. Competetive gaming is akin to real sports, more about situation, luck and reaction rather than natural wits. All games are following patterns which you can learn just by spending time in game which adheres to limited set of rules defined by game logic. > In my mind, it's at least as difficult as "easy" leetcode problems. I have 3k hours in Dota 2. I know exactly what it is and how it works. It's really not. Not even close. > Would you watch anime and shoot your gun with 'muscle memory' while fighting 5 ruthless, intelligent opponents? Easy. At some point some actions are so engraved that you respond without even thinking. Example: blinking out on a slight enemy sight. > A fight requires constant reevaluation of the situation and planning to win the game. If you play by "muscle memory" and win, you are playing against weak unthinking opponents or getting carried by your team. > If you played against good players, trust me you won't win thinking about anime and chilling. And it's very stressful because you're constantly on guard. You can use all those big words, but reality is completely different. I've watched amateur/pro Dota 2 since it's inception in 2011 and some pro Dota 1 before that. It is a team game, it is more about team cooperation and heroes you pick. Sure small things can overturn the game, but most of the time it is about bigger game than small actions. You're an outlier, there's a reason why anybody can play games designed to hook at many people as possible and not everybody can program. > e.g after recalling/killing enemies/dying you have like 30sec to look around map and think what you as team want to do / achieve and how to do that 30 seconds is infinite in games like that. Tyler is just "high level" heroin addict so to say. There are indeed thousands of heroin addicts, just look at online of Dota 2. > Adults without kids. What an ignorant thing to say. Apparently having no kids==nothing to do except for consume full day long content. They're creating content though. Yep, what an atrocious system where you can earn millions of dollars by being entertaining and playing games. And anybody should care why? > An IDE can help with typos, best practices ( global variables, lack of error checking, etc) which are tedious things that take time. Which applies to everyone? Take IDE out of equation and what do you have? They didn't say anything about the feature? > Strength is mostly immaterial once I (as a hypothetical monkey) understand that I can use my agility to rip your eyeballs from their sockets, which then effectively removes your ability to pose a threat to me. Strength is material once you understand that this hypothetical human can use some kind of weapon or just something long and blunt to bash your brains out. Has little to do with strength. Haftor can't really do this, but I'm pretty sure he can rip one of those monkeys in half if he catches it. How is that a functioning justice system? Those are tiger cubs. I'm pretty sure even juvenile tigers would rip it to shreds if they wanted to. "Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth." (c) Iron Mike I don't think entry-level means what you think it means. But hey, grandma gets to live another year now. Who cares if the poor family never recovers after financial crisis. > Why would people feel happy about living under this oppressive system? Because you read too much media. Just because it began to dismantle it doesn't mean it was completely gone. Stories about KGB are popular for a reason, you know. Yep! Anyone can pull themselves by their bootstraps. And you make me sick with your ignorant, shortsighted vision of the problem. Reducing economic crisis to "just to earn some money right now" is borderline idiotic. I'm waiting for a time when we'll start investigating economic and mental impact on different layers of society. They didn't. Authoritarian intervention happened. Who cares? You can only be proud of your achievements if you were born the bottom of the bottoms? Are you implying that having many children might lead to better outcome financially? > For example: Why don't we apply our minimum wage laws to the cheap foreign labor we depend on for our cheap products? Because that would destroy any economy that exists there? What would be incentive to start a business when some rich multinational can pay 5x more than you? > Why don't we spend a significant part of our riches on improving education across the world? Because there are better wats to spend 'riches'? > Why do we apparently feel that people who happen to be born somewhere else are inherently less valuable than us? You answered yourself, because they were born somewhere else. They don't share our core values, language, culture. It doesn't mean that we should consider them beneath us. But they're different and that's a fact. > We would all become richer from it together in the long run. But somehow even just thinking about something like this mostly just makes others laugh or at best uncomfortably chuckle at such a silly idealist. Because those are laughable at best. Care to share a link? Lol. Comparing apples to oranges certainly don't. Or maybe your kid could grow up a decent human being who sees human life as something more than petty investment and a chance to redeem your poor life choices. It's really not. There's a way: don't use the app. Not a good thing for the employee, good thing for the company. That's exactly what they said? > Just deliver one pizza > Just work a bit more one day > Just take a paycut Nothing good comes out of mindset like this. Getting paid a lot means you can demand anything now? There's more to real-world performance than k8s cluster. > One of the issues I have in the whole software industry is the lack of empathy for regular folks and a lack understanding of how hard the average person has to bust their ass just to make it in life with just the basics. And how is that industry issue? Same can be said about any white collar job, why is that suddenly a problem here? > Yeah, and they can quit and work somewhere else that’ll pay them just as well if they don’t like it. I think that's the main sentiment in those threads and the main response to that is "oh woe how dare you think like that, you prima donna". Nothing like an accidental death when kid rushes on a road. Much safer than with those dangerous bikes. Glad you live outside nowadays. City needs less people like you. Except it's nothing like they describe. I live in Amsterdam and use bike everyday, I constantly see families on a cargo bikes and they couldn't have been happier. What are you smoking? It's super affordable to use a bike compared to owning a car. I bought second-hand bike two years ago and didn't spend a euro on it. You're making it sound like those are not bikes but tanks. They're not. Oh yeah, because only men watch porn and hentai. Maybe because they don't apply? > Maybe they are getting lost along the way earlier in the pipeline I have admin access to our pipeline. They don't apply. The ratio is 50:1 or so. > Maybe they walk into that freshman CS class and see 30 other dudes that fit this profile and give them creepy unwanted attention and they drop it and switch to biology. And? What's your point here? > There's a serious "dudes club" problem with this industry and this just feels like an expression of that. Python library made to remove censorship from cartoons is an expression of some abstract made-up problem, do you even hear yourself? It's not about women, it's vendetta against men. I believe my beliefs and choices are morally superior to yours, so that completely invalidates your merit! /s > You think your gonna wind surf when your 60? No. > You think it's smart to spend your 'non arthritis' fingers on coding? Yes. Because they're not a problem? You're making it sound like only FAANGs operate on such a scale. Who's stopping you? > That's like saying house prices in San Francisco are set by how much people are willing to pay. They literally are. > It's true but hides the real problem which is housing is unaffordable for many in that area. Area has finite amount of estate. The only "solution" is to create ghettos of human hives which lead to classes of problems on their own. Hence outsourcing argument. What's the first one? Politics? > As a general rule, one can assume that anybody who refers to humans as an infestation or their homes as hives is not a good person. Have the day you deserve. Anything concrete to say, aside from weak ad-hominem? I grew up in post-USSR, I'm pretty sure I know much more about human hives than you do. And I never said anything about infestation. Every family should have their own home. Evil is subjective thing. Especially in animals. They’re smarter than we though is not the same they’re smarter than us on average. Why would Russia want war? When? Toxic kindness is as toxic as toxic negativity, change my mind. If by reasonably well you mean barely hits 20 fps on Desktop and unusable on mobile then sure, it works reasonably well. Dart didn't have sound static type system when Flutter was created. Delusional bot, there's invasion out there. Ukraine is sovereign European country, not Russian backyard. Uhuh, isn't any different from calling Ukraine fiction, that it basically never existed, everyone is neonazi. Annexing Crimea, East of country and then attacking under deluaion claims. NSFW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzL_MXgc24E Phalanx? What birthrights? It's a death by thousand cuts. Birthright implies you're entitled to something by being born. You aren't entitled to FAANG job by being born somewhere. If you then distribute it yourself, and originally it's not open source - yes. As if you can't make money off a libre software. And that justifies its existence? > Then the bits about applying lidocaine to anuses to help them get through the shoot... I'm gobsmacked... if you need a local anaesthetic, it somewhat implies that you're doing dangerous stuff. In this case it's no different from any professional sport. Technically, their point still stands. > East Ukrainians identify as Russian. And of course you have a source for that? How do I make everything about my petty beliefs. > So my friend from Ukraine is lying and reciting Russian state propaganda? I'm Ukrainian from South. Yes, he's lying. They might speak Russian or be sceptical about decisions that our government makes, but they're in no way identify themselves as Russians. Seriously? Nobody said they’re good quality though. > Instead of Microsoft's C/C++ extension use clangd. Didn’t know about this one, thanks. Not native. Azov is less than thousand men. Stop this straw man. > There's definitely some "I'll shit on my birth country to win Western approval" energy here.. Stop projecting. Not having one dictator for 20 years, for starters? It doesn’t. What hostility? We receive 1 woman candidate application per 20 male on average. > However, being a computer programmer is one of the best jobs on earth. To you, maybe. I’m going to surprise you, but just because you find X one of the best things in life and Y is worse than X to you – it doesn’t mean that X is universally better than Y for everyone. > We are paid like lawyers and coddled like children to write text files in our underwear. Because that’s what software engineering is. Uhuh. > Everyone across the socioeconomic spectrum wants what we have. And you found that where? On ad websites for every generic bootcamp? Buy it and preserve memory. At least you're conscious of the person, someone else won't be. If they pay well – absolutely. Do you seriously think Russians care whether Germany will buy their gas after they’ve started literal war at their footsteps? Why? And how is that any different from Kotlin coroutines if you still need to call Thread.startVirtualThread? You can mark everything suspend and there's no difference. There’s a night and day difference between iOS and even high end Android, starting with performance and consistency of the platform. React native has less performance issues, since it uses native toolkit. Flutter draws whole ui by itself: welcome to blinking cursor that consumes 5-15% CPU in idle. How’s the startup time? Nobody asked about your opinion of NATO, answer the question. > They’re as bad (in my opinion) as others, therefore it give them right to do evil things Are you even trying? You do understand that you aren’t talking to three years old? Anyone with half a brain will understand why this rhetoric is wrong. What does US gain from this? > Until recently Ukraine was only in media for their gov breaking human rights and stuff like this, and now it's suddenly the long lost brother we all love so much. Citation needed. Surely you can link at least one. Otters and possums. https://knowingless.com/2017/05/02/internet-communities-otte... From the military perspective, in a morbid sense - yes. And? > Trying to go against a nation that most Russians perceive as brotherly Brotherly, but not in equal sense. More like stupid little brother that can't take care of himself. It is widely known that Russians, for some reason, consider themselves superior out of all Eastern Europe Slavs. Just because they're post-Soviet country means they can't change? Since Zelesnky became president, they've started improving. For example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diia . Lmao > An armed horde of soldiers is a formidable force, even if the individual soldiers appear to be rather vodka’d Not against modern weapons. Jesus Christ, that's one if the most absurd things I've read in a while. Nazis in Mariupol? Russians chew through EU NATO? Russia would already be in pieces if it wasn't for nuclear weapons. Are you Russian? Or just plain ignorant? > The stupid (or rather gullible/inane) angle is a fairly recent government spin to justify the aggression. By "recent" you mean since imperial time? > So those soldier accidently put on Nazi symbols or tattoo on their bodies really weird How many soldiers, under who's command? > and people wonder how the holocaust could happen in Europe during ww2. Weak strawman, try harder. https://www.businessinsider.com/russia-fighter-neo-nazi-symb... https://www.trtworld.com/magazine/who-are-male-state-the-rus... > Yeah Ukrainian army is one of the better equipped and manned army of NATO. Hell turkey is the second biggest NATO army after the US. Ukraine isn't part of NATO, what are you even talking about? > Germany as a army is non existing reason why they need this $100 billion to bootstrap their rearmament program and the yearly 2% GDP to keep up to standards. And? > And AFAIK Russia did it since 2010 I think. If you mean degrading into authoritarian state without any opposition, with absurd level of censorship and general gaslighting of population - then yes. > show my opinion as you can about java. Showing your opinion doesn't make it immune from critique. > but I believe languages must have only one (or two) concise way to to things. Java has none. > This is true.... Old guys know nothing... for years we told the Java guys the mess they were doing, and voila, all OOP languages suddenly started to move to functional paradigm. Congrats. You lost 10 years of your life because you didnt listen to us when we said that we have learned something from ML and Scheme. Large economy the size of Italy? > https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/t9s0f4/r... I guess this is also after 70 years of soviets and people never seen anything like this before? Why do you blame your bad eating habits on food? Such as? That’s not how it works. X is amazing, but has a steep price so only “hipsters” can buy it which prevents it from taking over the world. > Would Ukrainians really want it or they just want the invasion to be stopped? They’ve already said yes in 2014. Nope. > Crappy code Being able to come up with an algorithm in a reasonable time doesn’t make it crappy. No wonder you can’t pass those. > Essentially how long it takes to translate from mental understanding to working cod Congrats, you just invented whiteboard interview. Sorry you have to go through peasant ropes, your highness. Switch is more powerful than PS3. Tf2 is casual quake and has little relation to CS. > The emotion and stress resulting from mistakenly sending a notification to 400,000 is likely overwhelming. Bold of you to assume that he can even comprehend this. What a time to be alive. > Is, according to their github page, a nary 18 years old. Stop posting this like an average 18 year old is supposed to be an idiot like OP. This is the age people get drafted, can start drinking alcohol, marry and start being adults. OP can barely type, if that’s the case - I cannot imagine how bad are Epic’s hiring practices. > "I'm the one being demeaned, you inferior clueless simpletons!" That’s true, though. > Which brings us to the second proud tradition of the tech titans, acquiring companies to end the products the acquirer doesn't like. Atom is inferior in every aspect to Visual Studio Code. Atom was on life support for too long. > Microsoft doesn't make money from VS Code. They harvest an astonishing amount of data from it. VSCode killed Atom long before GitHub acquisition. > killing off the competing product. There's nothing competing about Atom. Its fate was sealed when VSCode started gaining traction, and that happened before GitHub acquisition. LSP, better performance, better defaults, better plugins ecosystem, better (subjectively) UI. Proprietary? Lack of quality plugins? No? It did use Electron though (Atom Shell). FOMO is an atrocious hiring practice. Chances of your scenario, where you somehow find a person that can create something novel, that they will stick around to actually produce novel thing and then this novel thing “making it” are nonexistent. > There's an assumption you're making that these challenges only filter out a small amount of qualified candidates. I suspect the percentage is actually quite significant. Statistically that’s irrelevant, as they optimize for “do not let through rotten apple”, rather than “find good apple”. That’s the usual tactic of LeetCode haters: find a straw man and ignore the big picture. Yes, it does. It shows that they at least shown an interest in this kind of thing. > We keep seeing posts like these on HN/Reddit, yet companies keep using them. Just because you see them, doesn’t mean they’re correct. They’re just a breeding ground for holy wars and discussions. On every post like that you can find tons of “I don’t like them, we need something better and no I don’t know what”. But if you dig into comments you usually find why those type of interviews are done. I spent all my childhood outside and still near-sighted. > It is abnormal for humans to need glasses. It's also abnormal for humans to need braces and to need their wisdom teeth surgically removed. It's not. Just because there wasn't a documented cases of weakly sighted people doesn't mean that they didn't exist. Or do you seriously believe all prehistoric humans had 20/20 eyesight? And unless your teeth are crooked line vines you probably don't need braces from medical standpoint. Unless it causes issues to your jaw. Same with wisdom teeth. > The list of maladies caused by modern diet and lifestyle is infinite and unknowable. What exactly in modern diet and lifestyle causes issues that you've listed? Killed<>eradicated. Never said that it disqualifies a concept. Just stating that there might be something else, give my anecdote. And given amount of upvotes on my comment, I'm not the only one. In their defense, they're not a journalist. > Take the Jetbrains IDEs. I don't mean to offend any VSC fans out there but the Jetbrains IDEs are simply better and more mature in every single way. - Worse performance - Worse plugin ecosystem - No LSP support Also, their stance on supporting other ecosystems. While I completely understand their standpoint as a business, I prefer VSCode team's approach to this. https://intellij-support.jetbrains.com/hc/en-us/community/po... https://discuss.kotlinlang.org/t/official-support-for-visual... > Why are so many resistant so other people earning a living particularly when the payoff (ie time-saved) is so easily quantifiable? Is it, though? Facebook/Meta are huge contributors to open source, so I'm not sure what your comment is supposed to mean. > The same thing can be said about desktop proprietary software, so long as it does not rely on a cloud service to function. Please, launch 32-bit program on recent versions of Mac OS. That's like saying that hardware should be only repairable by vendor because majority of humanity doesn't have skills to fix it themselves. Maybe you don't, but somebody else does. That's literally what they've said. They imply that having ability to change something is useless, because only a minority can leverage it. Do you have access to private jet? Because everyone has access to, for instance, Atom source code. Even if they can't use it. Do you seriously believe, that someone who can write stuff like this can’t write ordinary code? > It unfortunately can't run really huge apps at the scale of GitLab though. Why? > Yeah and Russia could have ended the war by now too by simply launching their nukes. The only thing they can end with nukes are themselves. What was even the point of attacking Ukraine, if you want to make it a nuclear wasteland? That’s not achievement of Java language, but Java platform. You can make the same argument about any type of entertainment. It won't make it less invalid, though. Games are entertainment, and average gamer certainly doesn't consume electricity on a scale of Bitcoin farm 24/7. > It's beaten by things such as residential television use, and only the wasted light from outdoor lighting (0.85%). TV usage is a contribution of billions of people. Same with outdoor lighting. Both are necessary, unlike Bitcoin. Sure, just as gambling does. You should compare energy usage of Bitcoin to gambling, not gaming. That's what gives this scam substance. Easy to dismiss with "iT iS bAcKed bY eLeCtRiCiTy sPeNt". > Do you think the world could benefit from money that can't be manipulated by governments? Maybe, but that's not Bitcoin for sure. You're making a lot of assumptions here. > First games waste a lot of electrical power. A modern GPU is what at its peak? 500 watts? A modern CPU isn't too far off. That's 1kwh that per gamer that gets turned into heat and lootboxes. Majority of gamers are smartphone users and mid to low machines. https://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey/Steam-Hardware-Softw... > 2nd technological game progress means that computers/gpus are considered obsolete too fast. Back in the day your home computer would last over a decade until you had to throw it away and buy new hardware. ?????? > 3rd (young) people wasting a lot of time in computer games. Teenagers waste their youth infront of a screen over going out and enjoying the world in their prime. Leading to adults that lack life experience and get depressed/anxious easily. (Mental health crisis) Bitcoin users waste their life chasing gambling schemes and then killing themselves. https://www.jumpstartmag.com/are-crypto-related-suicides-a-r... > 4th modern game design makes games pretty much a gateway drug to gambling addiction. What's "modern game design"? Gachas existed for a long time, single player games exist and are wildly popular. > 5th spending all that time sitting means it's an enormous health care crisis. Pair that with the deregulated dopamine cycle in game addicted people and you can easily see how this leads to over eating and obesity. Which is even more of a cost to society. Got something to back that up? > Miners should be compared to data centers, like those massive ones powering cloud games? Data centers host more than cloud games. > TV and outdoor lightning aren't necessary. General populace would disagree. > surgery to avoid the risk of developing a cavity because I might not know how to brush teeth that I have had for 15 years and never had a cavity on That's not because you don't know how to brush teeth, it's because it is physically hard to reach them. Sometimes even impossible, because part of tooth is hidden beneath gum. If there’s pain it is too late already. Surprised at average Ocaml salary. But then Jane Street folks, probably, don't use platforms like StackOverflow. > Interesting results as always, but on the salary side I find it really hard to believe that on the executive level (C suite/VP) the median annual salary is just 6k bigger than that of engineering managers. C suite/VP that receive salary that is substantially higher than engineering managers don't sit on StackOverflow. How is being regulated wastes less energy? Define "productive output". Did you even try it? It still requires Java, Gradle and Kotlin compiler to work. Also, good luck making it work without using Intellij. What does Stockholm syndrome even have to do with this? No. You don't need this anymore. > You can use -annot or -bin-annot when compiling and the Tuareg function caml-types-show-type in Emacs will be your best friend. Just open OCaml program in some editor with LSP(Vim, NeoVim, VS Code, Emacs) and it will instantly show you the error. > Good luck finding developers that will write quality code and not cost a fortune each. You pick one regardless of language. Not sure what's your point here. What's with the influx of interview related topics? They’re going to be made regardless of whether you buy them or not. Is it open source? > Second, you limit reward to monetary compensation. Only someone who has no issue with money can say that. Get off your high horse. > Third, people are not forced to take the best paying jobs. Doing so is selfish, which is the GP's point. Sure they are, if they want to live comfortably in life. > Even being a professional violinist is like an order of magnitude harder than the most hardcore software job. And you got to that conclusion how? > and because they know it’s a better experience and want you to see that. Not for a platform like Reddit. What web technologies? Surely you don’t mean Dart? Why not ChromeOS? For starters, gVisor is written in Go, which by design won’t have performance of C++/Rust. Rest of the language doesn't bother you? What exactly you don’t like about it? You’re comparing framework for one language to another language. Since when is GUI part of language? > The money isn't the problem, it's that companies make it _not rewarding_ to work. What are you even talking about? Of course money is the problem. > Especially in the US salaries are extremely inflated. Funny way to spell "fairly compensated". Real life is not D&D. “You will own nothing and you will be happy” > blocking sites, because they don't like what they say, and because they show a different side to western propaganda... that's a bad precedent to set. You mean blocking sites because they spread blatant misinformation, fake news and generally text book demagogue? > Obviously because YOU know better. Yes. Information war isn’t media. > So is BBC. And they lied about iraq having weapons of mass destruction. We didn't ban them. And that is relevant how? Here comes the whataboutism. > Yes, russia is led by an ex-kgb dictator... do we really want to be the same as him, and do the same things? Are we really no better at censorship and propaganda than him? Russia uses misinformation as an attack, EU blocks it. > anything you don’t like Riiight. Because that’s why RT was banned. The word you’re looking for is “conventional war”. We’re in information war at the current stage. First it was freeing people of Donbass. Then it was NATO rockets. Then they started war and Nazi hoax come to be. Then they made a story that if they didn’t strike first, Kyiv would attack them soon. Then bald man compared himself to Peter The Great and thinks that he’s returning grounds to historic Russian empire. That’s irrelevant, Ukraine is a sovereign country and can do as it pleases. Maybe, how is that relevant to Ukraine? Russians should’ve tried destroying Ukraine’s economy then. Look at Serbia to see the result. > It's much easier to say "Putin bad" than deal with the decades of ugliness involving the Budapest Memorandum, Orange Revolution, Pinchuk's YES campaign, Kolomoyskyi's propaganda drive, Maidan coup, Sevestapol, etc. and Washington's often direct involvement in all of the above. Should’ve started with that, Ivan. Nothing, short of literal genocide, justifies war against other country. > Why have civilian deaths so obviously been minimized? Were they? > Another false: Putin never claimed Ukraine doesn't exist. https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/lseih/2020/07/01/there-is-no-ukraine... Sticking to Putin’a versions here. Extended universe is even crazier, indeed. No beach parties in Bucha and Mariupol. Given how many elderly I see on bikes - not really. Cars are faster in car first environment, hmmm. Where do you get your data from? Brainwashed population blaming Ukraine, US and EU for war against Ukraine. https://intellinews.com/serbians-blame-us-and-nato-for-ukrai... I think it was sarcasm. Indeed! Minus the literal genocide, of course, but that’s just a minor detail. > So again... we have an area of a country, where "other people" live and want their own country, main country won't let them, there are some shootings, shellings etc. for years, and then an "outside" superpower intervenes, basically destroys the main country to achieve independence for that area. Kosovo, ukraine.. it's all the same, just different actors. There’s no “other people” in Ukraine. There are Ukrainians and Ukrainians. There’s no other people that want “other country”. But nice straw man, 40 rubles deposited to your account. Language!=ethnicity. This isn’t Reddit. I’d rather work with well structured 1000 line function than dozen useless functions from Clean Code. Are you the parent hive mind or what? Seek therapy now. Their culture is different though. Prepare to fight for every minor technical improvement. > just Not sure if sarcasm or serious. Nobody forces you to use them. Why is this downvoted? Isn’t Minecraft Java? Yes, preferably those that run outside of iOS/Mac. > yet increases the latter How? > Rust tends to favor "mostly functional" architectures over "mutable objet soup" architectures. This pushes you to use less-familiar designs for games and GUI libraries, for example. How is that a con? Have you tried IntelliJ products? Yes. Since Android 12. Bad example. Upgrades became objectively worse (if we’re talking about number of features). Is this sarcasm? Regardless of customizations, they use same animations. Even high end galaxies are nowhere near iPhones, and I say that as an Android developer and user for 8 years. Framedrops, jank, inconsistent styles, it’s just impossible to fix, it seems. Or Google doesn’t care. And no, it’s not different on Pixels, it also drops frames and has nowhere near as fluid animations as iOS. Patronizing how? Pixels aren’t available in my country. Sure they do, or you think Pixels roll out custom animations bypassing OS framework? > Like you pointed out, Postgres works in everything from tiny apps to global scale SaaS. So does SQLite. > I’m not defending them. You’re literally defending them and creating halo effect around them, lol. No they didn’t, lol. If you lose 10 kg of MUSCLE mass in a month, you’re seriously sick, like starving sick. And there’s no “natural skinny as a rail”, you either eat and workout enough, or you don’t. You can build perfectly fine SPAs in one big file, what’s your point? Easily or not, the point still stands. Do you have any links where I can read about this? > And ASP.Net Core is an insanely fast web framework. It beats every other major framework written in a managed language by a mile* * In synthetic benchmarks React Native literally uses native widgets. It works just fine if you actually profile and see what are the bottlenecks. Are comments supposed to be funny? Ok? > The paradigm is just too wasteful for these kinds of interactive apps. Nonsense. > Putting aside the walled garden of iMessage, what’s so special about iPhones that you can’t do with any other expensive smartphone? Integration with Apple ecosystem, properly designed OS and not mishmash of dozens visual styles. > mid-range flagship Oxymoron. Got the numbers? Yes it is. For majority of people convenience of wireless far outweighs ehh… what exactly it outweighs again? I’m not an audiophile, so whatever 3.5 provides. It doesn’t have to provide better audio quality, just enough not to notice difference. And it provides MASSIVE improvements in convenience. And you really think your use case is ordinary? That majority is using like you do? Because the alternative is majority walking with Swiss cheese of a MacBook without using even half the ports. And I assume you type this on device connected to Ethernet, right? And no, Bluetooth headphones are convenient, how often do you think you need to charge them? Essence is the same: getting popular. > Its not really as vapid and narcissistic as it otherwise seems It is. This is the most “boomer” statement I’ve ever read. What’s even duty? Duty to what or who? > Nope. Which list of people 30 years ago were 'famous for being famous' and which cohort of society aspired to be them? Name names. It was not 'a thing' aside from a few random, quixotic people. Nobody wanted to 'be them' or thought they could be that. People started doing X because some famous person did X is the story as old as times. You, of all people, should know that, given how many Software Engineers started because they wanted to be Jobs, Gates, Carmack, etc. > Yes, we live in different circumstances, that's fair. But my grandparents were born in homes without electricity or plumbing. They did not turn to prostitution or aspire to the 'least' they could be. What prostitution? > Because being a great athlete or artists (or scientist etc.) is not 'a propos of nothing'. Yes, it's a bit glib for people to fanboy athlete's the way we do, and Michael Jordan is a jerk, but he's also a spectacular athlete. And popular influencers are great marketers, comic artists, entertainers. > Perpetuating hollowness, disingenuousness And you don’t? > Those are questionable parallels. Music, acting, sports, writing, etc are human practices many millenia old, recognized as such by universities, labor unions, etc. We’re they delivered to us by aliens? Of course not, people thought the same of those at the time of their inception. > When 1 in 5 of your males and 1 in 10 of your females believe that being a parasite is the only available career choice, something is very wrong. They provide entertainment to people, what makes you consider them parasites? So what’s the point of the article? Because I see a lot discussions and appreciation for the unpopular langs that author mentioned. There’s difference between being humble and insecure. Generally people who repeat that mantra are trying to guard themselves by “we’re all fools”veil from any critique. Why would he end up in hell? Death of your people vs death of other people. Boomerang of what? West economies are stronger than ever. They survived COVID for 2 years and now survive bootleg Cold War while Russia is spinning into 90s again. > Instead NATO kept expanding east... You mean Eastern countries wanted to join NATO. > I'm reading some Russian news site, and almost universally Gorbachev is hated by Russians. Lumpen population hates what they don’t understand, news at 11. Red army was shedding blood of their own people to keep peace at Afghanistan. If country is great, it can’t be collapsed so easily. USSR was dead, Gorbachev just put it out of its misery. > Why? In the not too distant future it's likely the majority of people will have cameras implanted in their eyes. We still can’t fix people with myopia and other eye disorders and you talk about not too distant future with cameras implanted in eyes? Seriously? > While our competitors are still sucking their thumbs trying to make the design perfect, we’ve already gone through five rounds of testing. By the time our rivals are ready to begin development, we are on version No. 10. It gets back to planning versus acting. We act from day one; others plan how to plan—for months. In practice, the case of builders get spaghetti that no one wants to work with later. So is Ivy League for the rest of the world. That doesn’t stop millions from wanting to join it. > Onyx Boox No way I’m going to support company like that. https://www.reddit.com/r/Onyx_Boox/comments/hsn7kx/onyx_usin... > You can't expect Devs to self-teach each other those concepts on the side, that (advanced, third-year) CS students struggle with hard. You imply that Devs are lower on a hierarchy level than third-year CS students. That’s not something to be proud of. Yes. Nobody said frauds can’t live comfortably. Incompetence. https://qntm.org/clean You know what would be even better? If you received those 250k in cash. They interview for your company already, so they know what type of job you do. Unless they’re idiot. Sorry, poor choice of word. I meant dilettante, not fraud. Wait, you say waste everyone’s time and advocate for probation period? Are you serious right now? > I know that the HN "founders" crowd is going to hate me for saying that, but I think that we should really stop glamorizing revenue Why? And how "usefulness" will allow me to live comfortably? > The plaintiff in the case against MindGeek that names Visa as a defendent is Serena Fleites, who, when she was 13, said she was pressured by her then-boyfriend into making a sexually explicit video — which he allegedly uploaded to Pornhub without her knowledge or consent. So if someone uploads porn video on Dropbox, should it be banned too? Of course. Would you be happy if someone posted you under your name? I mean from platforms standpoint. Huh. I wonder where are all the Android/Pixel apologists that say that to taste "real" Android you have to use Pixel. (And I say that as an Android developer, before downvotes come my way) Literally every issue listed seems like a software issue to me. It was more of a "how do industry behemoths deal with this" in case I create my own file hosting service (which is highly unlikely). Okay, there's one hardware issue out of seven, I stand corrected. Damn, imagine if we were in a world where there’s a multitude of opinions? Crazy right? Damn? Not only all of that, but he also seemed to piss in your coffee this morning. Not really. Android is a clusterfuck of features and inconsistency. Even back gesture is bolted on. On iOS it is part of OS framework. You open Files and you see Downloads folder. Consistent across OS and devices. Explain to your family member how they have to learn new patterns because Samsung has different file manager than Pixel. Also explain Linux directory structure to them, while you’re at it. Microsoft Duo? Poor multibillion companies getting bullied, who can defend them?! > The contempt he had for Java coders is hard to miss in writings from the time. Can you send some examples? Curios to read those. > just And get plagued with questions why not C#? No, thanks. > The argument they're making is that the tact C++ has taken in more modern revisions is actually _worse_ than writing code the shitty 1998 way. They didn’t have any argument. Just old man yelling at cloud. > You mentioned move semantics, which is a great example. For a lot of game/engine code, move semantics are just adding a pile of complexity for negligible gain. Ie. Why not just use a pointer? Because it is error prone. You say a lot of words, but have substance. Which “so called problems”? Which “established code patterns?”. Why “it means nothing” and to whom? I can continue. You mistakenly assume I am pro new "features". I'm just pointing out that you didn't have anything concrete in your messages. > Apparently "variants" were introduced to solve problems with POD "unions". Mere complexity for not much benefit. Nobody i have worked with ever said "unions" were difficult to use. https://stackoverflow.com/a/42082456 First link in Google, how is moving from undefined behavior and not needing manually declare type of union (sic!) is a "mere complexity for not much benefit"? > Nobody i have worked with ever said "unions" were difficult to use. Sure, enough people say that about for and while loops while avoiding functional patterns like a plague. > RAII as a solution to People harping about memory problems. I have written entire protocol message libraries just using RAII to avoid memory leaks. Which "modern, overhead features" are solved by RAII? > When "Modern C++" proponents say everything should be written with the new features using hand-wavy phrases, "it means nothing" to experienced programmers. If we find a feature useful to model a concept and/or express something we will use it; but always weighed against how complex it is to read and maintain. A good example is template meta-programming taken too far. Who are these experienced programmers and how do you define those? Your circle of people? > If we find a feature useful to model a concept and/or express something we will use it; but always weighed against how complex it is to read and maintain. Modern features are literally easier and less complex than old way. Like in the variant example. > A good example is template meta-programming taken too far. And how often "modern c++ proponents" suggest meta-programming to solve ordinary problems? Because everywhere I've encountered C++ discussions, those were resorted either for internal usage or suggested to avoid at all. > The key reason C++ took off was because it added minimal "Zero-Overhead abstraction" constructs over the baseline "low-level and simple" C core. There's no key reason C++ took off. It took off, because it took off. > The evolution of C++ should have continued in the same spirit but instead in a misguided effort to compete with later and differently designed languages a lot of complexity has been added for not much apparent benefit. There's a reason why those differently designed languages were defined differently. Maybe instead of blindly hating evolution, try understanding the reasons behind it. Are they not? Why would availability of high quality development machine of someone in China change anything for me, software engineer who works on-site, in Europe? We need former guy because he’s good, not because he’s former. The only thing it proves is that it’s good enough for this specific case. Comparing C to Haskell is like comparing razor to laser scalpel. > That doesn’t mean I would be a competent Android developer. Sure you will. There’s no “Android developer”, there’s Java/Kotlin developer who uses Android SDK. Language culture is a thing. I’d rather be surrounded by competent functional programmers than Java developers. Only Rust and TypeScript might be considered non dull, maybe C#. Python and Golang are as dull as they go. > You realize all of the BigTech companies use the same “boring languages” don’t you? What kind of argument is that? Of course they do, you can’t get away from using JS for front, for example. But they also use Ocaml, Haskell, Scala. Kotlin was recognized by Google because it was getting traction, not the other way around. Get your facts straight. I’ll absolutely pick competent Java developer who never touched a line of Android over mediocre “Android” developer. Certainly not C#, lol. Even OCamls share would be bigger within big tech, thanks to Meta. > within big tech You make an assumption that using “weird” language is new and shiny when those are generally older than “established” languages of today. You can end the day with getting something done in “weird” language too, again generally faster than in some obtuse Java or Go codebase. > Definition of superior (Entry 1 of 2) 1 : situated higher up : UPPER 2 : of higher rank, quality, or importance https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/superior Boss is by definition superior to your position, not in a sense better, but higher. > In practice, it arbitrarily invalidates completely sensible JavaScript idioms. Such as? > How did people even live before VSCode's type hint popups covered up the previous line? Same. Like normal people do when they use Visual Studio/IntelliJ/QTCreator Cringing at compile time safety or what? Eastern Europe candidates are consistently better from my experience. > And merit is transferred down the generations. Privilege begets privilege. Etc. This is the issue that we are rightfully trying to counter. As a migrant from dirt poor family from ex-Soviet Republic, I seem to forgot to collect my generational merit, where and when can I do that? And can I add it to my own merit? You’re shocked that people who work for money care only about money? Their point still stands. There’s little that can’t be accomplished by any modern, general-purpose programming language. Read about them? What is that good for in other language if your day job is in C? This a known limitation, not an issue. I’m sorry, It’s impossible to take someone seriously who considers them professional and yet relies on clicking (!) icons for their workflow in IDE. The only right way to work on IntelliJ products is to leave only code editor, hide everything else and work through keyboard. Of course not. IntelliJ is on another level when it comes features, if you really think people use IntelliJ for their UI, you’re deeply mistaken. Not with CLion. Being native has nothing to do with performance. XCode is native, and it is easily one of the slowest, dog shit IDEs you can think of. It is going to be Swing. Except in IDE you work with your brain, not eyes. What made product originally great? Features, not UI. While I like new UI, this argument is just bogus. IntelliJ interface scales nicely without redesign. Kind of strange move to unify UI between two unrelated, but complementing products, yeah, really strange. I mean IntelliJ platform, not IntelliJ Idea. > Testing was conducted by Apple in September 2022 using preproduction iPad (10th generation) systems with the Apple A14 Bionic chip, as well as production MediaTek MT8768N-based Android tablet systems with the latest version of Android 11 available at the time of testing. https://www.notebookcheck.net/Mediatek-MT8768-Processor-Benc... > The MediatekMT8768 is an entry level ARM SoC for smartphones (mainly Android based) and tablets that was introduced in early 2020. Hahah, I can’t believe they actually made this comparison. > Most people reading Apple's comparison who have an Android tablet will be trying to understand why they should pay the premium for an iPad instead of buying another $100 tablet, and being 5x faster is a logical hook. People with a $400+ Android tablet are unlikely to be considering a basic iPad, since they've clearly already made up their mind. No, most people reading Apple's comparison will think that it is 5 times faster than fastest Android tablet and this is exactly what they're aiming for. How many non-developers or non-hardware enthusiasts do you expect to actually read what is best selling Android table CPU? None, they'll think that iPad is 5x faster than Galaxy tablet. > Russians Are you sure about that? > An oil burning icebreaker burned up to 70 tons of fuel in a single day. The Lenin by comparison burns just 45 grams each day. Huh. Android is platform used by multiple OEMs, Apple is only one. > Microsoft's OS dominance through Windows is probably why Windows Phone is so successful, right? Google software and Android literally pushed Windows Phone out of existence, yes. > I have no doubt that very similar arguments were made for every single involvement of the US in other countries politics. Oh that changes everything! “Sorry Ukrainian folks and freedom fighters, even though it applies now, we can’t use this argument again, since we used it as a straw man before! So long.:D” > And hey, it might be a worthy cause for the US to get involved. Or we may fuck it up entirely and make the situation far worse than if we had just stayed out. Right, because Russia is just [insert country], and not a terrorist state that threatens the world with Nuclear annihilation. > YAML — a popular *programming* language that is human-readable and easy to understand. What? There's also https://github.com/warmuuh/milkman . > Why does it matter if someone is in a rush or not? Why does it matter if someone thinks is/isn't fun or is/isn't passionate or doesn't want to learn more languages? Why does it matter if someone is satisfied with learning just 5% of the language? I have total respect for anyone spending a weekend learning python code to solve a problem and then doing nothing after that. Because it matters. The quality of your work depends on it. Having respect for someone coding on a weekend is one thing. Believing that it doesn’t matter if you occasionally dabble in programming or on a level of Norvig is another. Sure, if you’re exceptional prodigy who can whip out “good code” (whatever that means) without prior experience then ok. > Is it really entitlement to be a little upset at having built large things on top of permissively licensed software only for that software to suddenly become locked behind a new license? Yes. > entitlement /ɪnˈtʌɪt(ə)lmənt/ noun the fact of having a right to something. I wish I’ll have your passion at such age. Kudos to you, old man. Except it is code that moves their company, not meetings. Anyways, their manager can stick their opinion where the sun doesn’t shine, just OP does probably since it’s anticlimactic to express opinions like that. None of it this matters from the perspective of your employer, yes. > just Where did this come from? I do code review on GitLab all the time, what’s the issue? Nonsense is doing compiler work yourself, even bigger nonsense is duplicating for zero reason. Maybe you need to start using IDE, instead of programming in nano. I'm using Intellij, VSCode and Code Search for searching, why would I use GitHub for it? Literally majority of languages are either unsound, undecidable or both in the link that you've provided. The only exceptions are Haskell, Idris, ML and Go (given the date of the post, this was pre generics which would probably exclude it also). I still don't follow how you came from > I know of no other programming language that puts as much effort into context- and structure-aware refactoring To soundness and decidability. Was there some study done where soundness and decability of Kotlin is provided? C++ compilation is anything but fast. Easy. Make everyone think that you have to hide something or create a fake stories that pedos use app X. > if you have nothing to hide, why don’t you show it? Is also “nice” rhetoric that laymen agree with. Supposedly higher latency and worse experience when writing(also supposedly). I own Remarkable 2, and unless they can replicate same paper feeling, it won’t a replacement for Remarkable. But it is a nice eBook reader, yes. I don’t use cloud and find it perfectly usable without it. I think there’s also a way to setup private cloud. https://www.reddit.com/r/Onyx_Boox/comments/hsn7kx/onyx_usin... https://www.reddit.com/r/ereader/comments/mpyi5q/is_it_safe_... Please refrain from ever mentioning anything positive about this company. Whataboutism in a tech support, GPL violations, constant pinging some server in China. It should be vilified. Premium products cost premium money. Packaging, leather folio, stylus, device itself, they all look, work and feel like top quality. Don’t bother and kill your eyes in the process. > They don’t officially support non-cloud use. Stop spreading FUD, they literally have a page that lists what you can do without cloud. https://support.remarkable.com/s/article/Using-reMarkable-wi... That’s absolutely insane because it’s a blatant lie. https://support.remarkable.com/s/article/Using-reMarkable-wi... Where are the benchmarks? That’s one of the main selling points of Remarkable. It was never targeted at “most” people. Smart people don’t dictate things, majority does. Okay, I misunderstood your original point. Thought by cloud you meant subscription. My tired eyes beg to differ. You’ll have to consult the opinion of parent comment. I read it as smart=intellectually smart and virtuous. > Does it come pre-installed with Chinese spyware? It literally does, yes. The graphics look plastic. Is it not because of an engine? Serious question. > And how about just extending the benefit of the doubt instead of immediately feeding the outrage machine? You give them an inch, they’ll take a mile. Why do you care? And why do you focus on people who have it ok like they took it from poor people? There’s a whole layer of people who are used and abused by rich, but hey, fvck datacenter sob, how dare he not work up to your standards? Why would I quit from embarrassment? This doesn’t make sense. Why would you think that it doesn’t have 10 million lines of code? I’m not paid by lines of code. How much do you think it draws power? You do understand that this is joke, right? Suits wanted Java because nirmies. > "A monad is just a monoid in the category of endofunctors". Anyone who says that - or anything anywhere close to it - is gatekeeping, no matter how true the statement is. You just tried to badmouth whole community of FP programmers by taking serious a running gag, wow. > But I think there are good reasons that most of us don't use s-expression syntax at work. Care to provide one? It’s quite silly to complain about such minor “issue”, don’t you think? Compared to what being hosted language gives you. > In fact (gasp) I couldn't see many massive wins over my go-to Python. Everything is expression already makes Lisp beyond what Python can ever reach, unless it sacrifices backwards compatibility. > One of my team members has a hard time with English How did they get hired? How do you isolate bio waste then? Didn’t parent comment just say not to use biodegradable bags? They don’t fit international company. Half the team doesn’t speak Mandarin, which makes it international team, which makes knowing common language vital. Unsafe C is a fact, there’s no need for an argument in their comment. In C you leak memory because of all the land mines in the language. In Java/.Net you leak memory because you have flaw in your logic. > Real "I actually drive safer slightly buzzed" vibes. “I don’t need seatbelts, I actually know how to drive unlike others” Nuclear power yields amazing results compared to alternatives, this isn’t the case with C. > A lot of the time the people making these types of comments about McDonald’s are just plain bitter that their favourite $3_STAR_MICHELIN_RESTAURANT is mostly a rounding error in terms of visitors. How long did it take to build both? How fast can you add features to both? How easy it is to find developers for both? Not if language A pays twice language B. > Swift > REPL based What? And that’s an issue of capitalism, not impotent economy that has been drained by decades of poor planned economy of communism? Have you tried leaving home and touching grass? Because everything you‘ve wrote doesn’t make any sense. > Lisp has a readability issue, where the syntax makes the authors intent not immediately clear with all the brackets. No it doesn’t, that’s like saying that any non-English language has readability issue. > But of course, baby duck syndrome will prevail and Minsky's comments are painfully true to this day: "Anyone can learn it [Lisp syntax] in a day, unless they know Fortran, in which case it's three days." That’s hilarious, where did he say that? > but when 95% percent of your bugs are syntax related rather than algorithmic design... it fails the sanity check. And you, of course, have study that proves it, right? QED > True, but from my perspective the career oriented people don't actually care about that stuff or solving problems. In my mind, the people I would label as career oriented are usually pretentious assholes preoccupied by the "status" of someday being in the C suite and driving the most expensive BMW/Tesla. One does not exclude another. Java is one of the most performant languages there is, so I’m not sure what’s your point here. > Ruby3 was faster than python at some point, iirc That’s the lowest bar for performance. GraalVM? There are hundred thousand of FAANG engineers, how many of them do you know personally and not some talking head from Twitter? > there's countless FAANG people on here making $250,000+/yr plus RSU and claim they are underpaid. And you think they don’t? Unlikely. The guy was nuts, talking about Andromeda galaxy, Ukrainian Wehrmacht, etc. Frankly he was giving so much bad PR for Russians, that it’s strange he wasn’t eliminated earlier. > A much bigger factor in deciding the war is how successful Russian mobilization is/was/will be More meat into the grinder. > this will be a generational paradigm change in how to write code… if it works Why? > …because speaking is easier than writing, obviously? Easier isn’t always better. > they'd squeeze anything to make russia/ussr look bad, however little. You don’t need to squeeze anything to make Russia/USSR look bad. You know what would make easier pick up languages like Rust and Scala? Actually using them, and not making a detour into the language that has different goals. Millions starved to death in collectivization, even more millions displaced from their homes and sent to gulags. Intelligentsia eradicated as a class. The biggest and potentially richest country in the world collapsed due to planned economy. And that’s just my layman knowledge typing on a phone, I’m sure many historians can decimate your comment even harder. > The mythical "they murdered A GAZILLION PEOPLE". Yeah, totally made up numbers made by anti-soviet historians that inflated numbers and considered natural causes as "murder". Tankie with his "made up numbers" again. What next are you going to say? Holocaust is made up to mud the name of the glorious Reich that lifted Germany out of poverty? Ethical meat business (single farm, limited scope) = good, industrial meat grinder (huge factories) = bad. They don’t do it on industrial scale. People are infinite resource (relatively speaking), land and houses are not. Also, some places disproportionately attract more people. (Just like attractive people are disproportionately attracting more attention than “uglies”) Tech stack? Thanks! > So is any scaled up process unethical If it abuses someone - yes. > Is somehow easier than opening a website writing some code and pressing run? Faster than opening website - no. Faster than opening website, signing up, verifying email, saving password - absolutely. Judging the shitstorm of left-pad, they might do one thing, but they don’t do it well. People use Python in production, why not Hy? > Why would anyone pretend to program in Lisp without any benefit? Because it is superior way of writing a program. Pure, consistent and unambiguous. How is that a problem of functional programming? When you learn a language you don’t start with “Well in English we say…” you learn language with its idioms and quirks. Map, reduce and fold are much easier to reason about than imperative loops, what’s your problem exactly? But hey, any strawman in the storm to make FP look bad.