There is another level to this anecdote, and that is how HN readers respond to it. It seems that some of them identify with Charles, and some with Alan. Some identify because they are or act like Alan and Charles, or they choose the opposite because they had a bad experience with someone like one of them. In other words, in this case the reader identified with Alan because that best describes how that reader works and acts, and they are just instinctively defending their position, even though, clearly, the parable portrays Charles as the better of the two. (Of course, that could be my bias, as I identify with Charles). It's the low latency that works more than the actual trading algorithm. Algorithms eventually get diluated into the market as there are so many of them. So are you suggesting that IKEA is in the philanthropic business of propping up developing countries? At a loss, they will provide local workers with employment, will hire local construction companies to build unneeded crap just to help them out? Really? I know a large part of IKEA's corporate structure is a non-profit organization, but trust me, that is only to evade taxes. This is a giant corporate entity vs. a giant corrupt government. IKEA is complaining against the complicated bureaucratic nightmare that Russia set up so that it would be easier to extract bribes from companies like IKEA. _Technically_ IKEA is one breaking some local construction safety rules. Somehow I don't see Russians re-writing their crappy laws and regulations to suit IKEA. They might let IKEA ignore some of them... but that is exactly where the bribes come in ;-) So far IKEA is going about it the right way -- shaming Russia on the international level. Great idea! After bombing and raping these people for years, let's now kill their ability to communicate by DOSing their cell network. USA! USA! USA! They have built a section of a brain that has 10K neurons and 30M connections between them and they claim all it is needed is to "just scale it". They might be able to scale the number of neurons to the right amount in the near future (many estimate the number of neurons in the human brain between 10G and 100G). But the biggest problem is the number of neuronal connections. Current estimates on the number of synapses in the human is around 10P (P for peta- i.e. 10^15). That doesn't sound as easy as "just scaling it up". It seems most articles and discussions about the brain talk about the number of neurons and how to get enough processing power to simulate them, the way I see it, the bigger challenge is to be able to simulate the connections between the neurons. The worst part about the polygraph (besides the fact that it is pseudo-science, they migth as well be using voodoo dolls), is that it punishes those who are honest and rewards good liars. Over the years, they eventually they end up with a bunch of lying sociopaths. Once millions of people have bad credit scores and bankruptcies in their credit histories, the social stigma of a bad creditor gets diluted. That becomes a self-reinforcing process. The more individuals default, the less defaulting looks bad. I believe that it was social and moral norms rather than clear cut financial analyses that stopped people from defaulting. It seems those moral norms have changed. People have simply lost faith in the system. They don't care about being nice little creditors, wrought by guilt if they overspent or made bad financial decisions, when the government is handing out hundreds of billions to to-big-to-fail banks. Then as if mocking everyone, banks go ahead and hand out tens of millions as bonuses to their CEOs. I cannot see anyone watching this circus feeling too guilty about screwing up and then not paying back $10000. Everyone, wants a bailout. We've been using CentOS in-house but shipping on Redhat RHEL. I imagine that is fairly common. I wonder if Redhat asked the guy to kill the project (for a small compensation of course), so the only available RHEL binaries are produced and sold by Redhat. We would essentially be forced to get licenses for all our testing and dev machine, which is not cheap. This is definetly troublesome and suspicious. > Besides, the problems now at CentOS are administrative. When the lead developer disappears for a month, without saying anything. Another developer leaves, disgruntled. Nobody knows what happens with the money from donations. Those are very serious problems. The kind of problems that kills a project. I am sorry for overreacting in respect to Redhat. I know you guys are great. We use your product. (Although we do like CentOS more for us dev people and for testing, because it saves us tens of thousands dollars ;-) it's meaningless to say that it's a "new beam of light with identical properties." You can think of it as information (bits). The same information that was encoded was decoded later. It is not as if photons are items on the macro scale, that were somehow labeled (for example, photon #134), then disappeared and reappeared and the scientists compared the label and proclaimed that its the same photon (#134). And my business is my business. We used to use CentOS and now we switched to another open build of RHEL. I have nothing against them, they all seem to be great guys, I would have a beer with them. But the image of the project as a whole has suffered, and because of a lack of perceived stability and reliability we decided to switch. Scientific Linux ( http://www.scientificlinux.org/ ), it's maintained by Fermilab and CERN. I hear you. I would rather choose Ubuntu, but we have to be compatible with RHEL since we have to ship our product on it. We need all the dev boxes running something binary and library-level compatible with it, and then it is easier to have all our servers on same architecture as well. I like it. Using '=' for assignment makes less sense than using Of course, assignment is a very common operation and I would rather use 1 char (:) for it rather than two ( However, if the coffee shop is full of people with laptops, not buying any drinks or food, then customers who walk in, hoping to get a coffee and a muffin, will walk out, because there are too many people there, and not enough seats. The goal of the owners is to module the amount of people sitting in the coffee shop. They (the owners) can setup a schedule to simply disallow wi-fi usage and turn the power off on some outlets during certain busy times of day (lunch for ex.) That is a little subversive because it will be perceived as a confrontation. The other way to do it, is to simply ask the patrons to purchase more food and indicate that the coffee shop is struggling financially. Being honest might work a lot better. So if there is a slow car there, what do you do? Does everyone wait behind them until they turn/exit or decide to switch lanes? So the difference is between "left is a passing lane" and "no passing on the right". In other words, it could be the slow car in the left lane that is breaking the law because it is not passing, just staying there, or it is the other cars that pass on the right that are breaking the law. I am sure the police would rather have both -- ticket those hanging out in the left lane and those passing on the right. Win-win for state/local budget! They showed their lack of technical proficiency. CPU caps should be enforced without having to edit partitions, adding ssh keys to users accounts, asking for root passwords, or manually killing Apache. So to put it bluntly they are very nice and helpful, but stupid. I wouldn't trust them with my data. But I can see how some customers might prefer them, as there is always a nice person on the other end of the line... > ... which can be used only in-process, not between processess. You can use them between processes if you use shared memory. This is useful in realtime or any other low latency applications where one reader or writer cannot be blocked for more than a couple of hundred microseconds. It is basically reimplementing the semaphore but it is controlled by the application. There are no system calls, no threads being suspended. Instead of the busy while loop it might be possible to use a fixed count of iterations or a specific timeout value. This is useful but in a very narrow context. Yes, it is implemented by the hardware. In x86 I believe it is the CMPXCHG assembler instruction. GCC, for example has __sync_val_compare_and_swap(...) function that give you access to the hardware compare and swap. > Hundreds of thousands of mostly very smart and highly educated workers who could be starting companies are not. Alright, but millions of Americans could be starting companies as well, but are not. In fact, America is _not_ as an entrepreneurial country with lots of little small business owners as we'd like to think. That is the propaganda bullshit we get fed on every election cycle "we got help America's small business. We gotta help Joe The Plumber...blah...blah." In fact America businesses are mostly large behemoths employing tens of thousands of minions. There was just a recent report from the Center for Economic and Policy Research ( http://www.cepr.net/index.php/publications/reports/int-comp-... ) that compared employment in small businesses among the developed nations. US is consistently at the bottom when it comes to self-employment or employment in business with less then 20 people. The biggest reason -- the high cost of health insurance. So I don't buy the bullshit about "if immigrants could only start their companies, then our economy would boom..." Unless, of course, the author is implying that immigrants are going to run sweatshops where employees don't get health insurance... > But those same startups have to jump through a million hoops just for the right to exist in our borders. > I don't claim to know to what extent our economy could be affected positively or negatively, but it is real. The question then is, who are we trying to help here? Do we want to help the immigrants or the American economy? Unless, we can show how the hassle of immigrants trying to setup startup is seriously damaging our economy, then this starts to look more and more like we just want to provide some convenience for the immigrant workers. Of course, we should provide convenience, and should certainly not make it difficult on purpose, but that is not a top priority. We shouldn't be called xenophobes if we don't push this task to the priority of our things to do at the moment. I agree. This is like trying to fix the high rate of injuries by getting more band-aids. To me it seems the article is advocating changing the legislation to make it more convenient for immigrant workers. That is of course followed by a stern warning to us 'xenophobes' that if we don't our economy will be ruined. They should instead advocate for punishing large corporations for gaming the system, underpaying H1-B employees and depressing everyone else wages. For every 'smart' and 'bright' H1-B visa candidate there are a thousand of unqualified ones, with flaky academic or employment history record. The reason they are here, because they are willing to work for %30 less than Americans are. It's nice to help India's economy, or China or Russia. Unfortunately, US is not in the charitable business of helping developing economies. It depends on the field. Some fields prefer 4 year degrees, some prefer portfolios, some prefer graduate degrees. Computer science is probably more of a 4 year + portfolio. Yeah, MS degrees are nice, but unless it was in the topic a company is interested in, it is probably better to have some code examples. In general, it seems college education has been over-inflated and over-hyped. It is the next bubble to burst probably. The more Uncle Sam was willing shell out money for student loans, the more collages started increasing their tuition. And one cannot just declare bancruptcy and wash away these loans. My college, at least, increased the tuition every year since 2000 then started building bigger stadiums, shopping malls, and recreation halls. At the same time crusty old professors stuck in the 70s didn't teach anything relevent to today world, while at the same time boasting how easy they personally have it, how stable their job is, encouraging students to become professors, so they can also get tenure and stop working and become a new generation of crusty old professors ... Somehow I got a feel my college was not unique in this respect. Not necessarily, it depends who controls the trade. There is rarely such a thing as "free trade" or "free market" -- it is a pipe dream. Trade is mostly about controls, tariffs and subsidies. Usually the powerful side control the trade. > largest free trade zone right here in the US. That is true, but I thought we are talking about internation trade. That is very sad. I remember growing up in USSR, they had very good doctors. They didn't have carpeted hospitals, TVs in every hospital room, or fancy technology but doctors were good. I remember when I was 11 I broke my front teeth on a bycicle. We went to the dentist. He sat me in the chair and said "Well, cosmonaut, let's see what we can do", and he rebuilt my teeth in 2 days. All he got in return from my mom and I were flowers and a thank you. There was no insurance, no co-pays, none of that bullshit. And I still have the same teeth he rebuilt now 20 years later. I heard that doctor moved to live in Canada... > Zoltan never lost a radar to a HARM missile. That is very impressive. If he only had serious computing power, enough cell phone towers, and plenty of fiber-optic cable, he could have triangulated the position of steal bombers from the interference patterns. Also, old Soviet radars operate on longer wavelengths and interestingly enough are sometimes more effective at detecting stealth aircraft. > Also, stories about Milosevic's regime are wildly over-shot by the western propaganda. I am American and I did a bit of research on the war with Serbia and have to say that you are correct. We have been fed some very good propaganda. The most interesting point was how CIA was arming Albanians and encouraging them to provoke the Serbs. Also most Americans are un-ware (again very good propanda efforts were made), that Serbian atrocities started after the bombings. Those attrocities are still atrocities and are in no way justified, but their portail in the Western media is terribly skewed. It was very interesting to find out that at the same time as we were supposed to "prevent atrocities" in Serbia we dramatically increased Turkey's arms shiptment quota so they can bomb Kurdish villages. It was a quid-pro-quo kind of deal. Turkey said if you "bomb and use our airspace, then we want to bomb too." And bomb they did, big time. About 3000 Kurdish villages were destroyed. > What sticks out in my mind most is how happy Zoltan and his buddies are to celebrate defending the mass murders and rapes of Milosevic's Serbian Socialist Party. And with a cake in the shape of a plane. Just like von Braun was "happy" to bomb London with his rockets and killing many more concentration camp workers who were building his rockets. Somehow, Americans didn't mind making him their space age hero. Not to even mentions Japanese "scientists" that were directly involved in horrendous bio-"experiments" on Chinese, but were never brought to trial, and instead went to become heads of big pharma companies in Japan. So if we want to talk about some kind of guilt-by-association, we should first examine our own track record. > Or is kosher to kill civilians just as long as it's the USAF doing it? Sadly, that describes the NATO position very well. There are "worthy victims" and "unworthy victims." Victims of our allies are "unworthy": if Isreal, Turkey, or some banana owned by the CIA is killing, then we never hear about it who died, we don't know their names, we don't see interviews on CNN with grieving relatives. If it is our enemies' killing anyone, then the victims become automatically "martirs" and we hear their personal stories, we know their names and watch the grieving families on TV. > No need to play semantics here. Propaganda is all about redefinition of words and skewing of semantics. Clinton administration did a remarcable job with propagnda during the war in Bosnia. All the little pseudo-intellectual lapdogs at the time were writing in their little foreign policy journals how we entered into a new era, where US is a beacon of freedom and hope, and from now on we'll only have wars with pure humanitarian reasons. Yet, not one unit was lost. So they can certainly "relish" now, while they eat their F-117 cake. Try this book: Intelligence and the War in Bosnia: 1992-1995 (Perspectives on Intelligence History) by Cees Wiebes. Then: Kosovo and the Metaphor War by Roland Paris (Political Science Quarterly, Volume 117, Number 3, Fall 2002) is a good analysis of how metaphors of previous wars and events were used to promote the war. For 10x infation of number of deaths by NATO propaganda machine in preparing for war try: Kosovo: Orders of Magnitude by Adam Jones (IDEA Journal, Volume 5, Number 1, July 2000). On the media portrail and lack of journalistic impartiality try: Ruigrok, Nel., Schoenbach, Klaus., Scholten, Otto. and De Ridder, J.. "Covering the Bosnian War: ‘Journalism of Attachment’ in Dutch Newspapers" Paper presented at the annual meeting of the International Communication Association, Dresden International Congress Centre, Dresden, Germany, Jun 16, 2006 ( http://www.allacademic.com/meta/p92731_index.html ) Also note that there was a humanitarian catastrophy and there were certainly terible masacres going before the bombings and there were on both sides and have been going on for centuries. But after March 24, 1999 the Serbian attrocities intensified terribly. You can listen to press reports around the time. For example Clinton says on March 24, 1999 that the reason for the war is "to deter an even bloodier offensive against innocent civilians in Kosovo and, if necessary, to seriously damage the Serbian military’s capacity to harm the people of Kosovo." However intelligence reports warned him that bombing will actually intensify the attacks and that is exactly what happened. The large number of victim from these retaliatory attacks were then used as the reasons for the bombing. > I'm pretty sure that is a blatantly false statement. Well, do you have any sources? Please show that the number of claimed dead and missing Albanians (around 100,000) by NATO media monkeys was true as that was used to justify the war. Please show evidence that US had purely humanitarian objectives, and reasons for US not getting involved in much larger humanitarian crises in Africa, South America, Asia (especially Laos, Cambodia and Indonesia). Some of then occuring simoultaneusly with the Kosovo war (hint: try Indonesia, it's a easy one). So I am guessing the European Court of Human Rights condemning Turkey for human rights violations against civilians from 1984-1999 is just bogus? ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Turkey#European... ) Alright, "my facts" are that European Court has consitently condemned Turkey for human right violations agains Kurds. "Your facts" are that you claim to have Kurdish friends. I think, I'll stick to "my facts" for now... You are right, it is never as black-and-white as we'd like to think. But innocent civilians being killed are innocent civilians being killed. It doesn't matter who's killing or what color their skin or what religion they are. There are terrible killing and attrocities still going on in the world. We should do something about it if we can. But if we don't or we can't. We shouldn't lie about it, and pretend we do while we have completely different motives for our foreign war "adventures" I wouldn't mind if the government actually told everyone what its real motives are. Perhaps there will be less support for war, or perhaps there won't. At least we won't be lied to. > As an Albanian, I take offense at what you are saying. Serbian regime has always been represessive and very similiar to the Apartheid, where 10-15% of the population (Serbians), rule with the iron fist over the majority. I agree with that. I never said that Serbians didn't commit attrocities. What I a blaming here is the Western propaganda machine (well ok, not Western, mostly NATO i.e. American) for lying. Would you deny the facts that Serbian paramilitary forces intensified their attacks greatly after the bombing started? I am not saying there we no masacres before, it is just that US knew it would get worse afterwards, they knew international observers would withdraw, but they decided to bomb anyway. Then they lied through their teeth when they used the victims of the retaliatory attacks of the Serbs to justify the bombings. Yes, it was Serbian army who killed, but US (a suposedly rational country) knew that Slobodan would react in that way, and they didn't give a fuck. So it wasn't about humanitarian help, it was about saber rattling and not letting NATO get embarrassed in the middle of Europe. It was not too long after USSR fell, European Union was gainging strength and US and NATO had to show the world who is boss. Yes, as a result they helped Albanians, and it is hard to play the "what if" game and guess what happened if they never went it. But they definetly didn't go in because they love Albanians or they cannot tollerate attrocities in the world. Look at Turkey and Indonesia -- both US clients that committed attrocities and nobody in US is bothered by it. Would you be willing to spend $100k in 4 years to be "part of the group dynamics" ? Perhaps so. The university is a networking place, a place to meet future business partners. There is some value in that. Or perhaps,going to a particular university has become a singaling mechanism to communicate "my family is rich and can afford to send me here", or "I am so smart I was picked from 10,000 candidates to attend this prestigious college. That makes me special." and so on ... I am just not sure that a $100k worth of student loans is a good price for that. Someone can already be a part of community life, participate in open source projects, go to conferences , sprints, etc. It might be exactly the same but for someone not having that $100k is certinaly a good enough option. > When I first arrived I read and signed a piece of paper. You should have made the university sign a paper saying it wasn't going to cheat you out good learning environment. A university where it is possible to cheat and it is part of the culture is also cheating you out of your money and learning. I think telling what you just told here to an employee should make them not look at your GPA as much, and you probably don't really want to work for a company that looks at GPA only. Alright, then paying $100k in student loans for social interaction is a little screwed up. I am not saying it doesn't work, just that it is a little crazy. I think universities are the next bubble to burst, they have inflated their grades and their tuition so much, it is ridiculous. In the meantime, they are full of professors who have tenure and sit on their behinds all day not doing anything, or being too absorbed into their research and not giving a damn about undergraduate students who pay thousands of dollars per credit hour to be there. Apprenticeships would work great. Some colleges have co-op in their engineering collages. Those are great. They put you behind one year, but at the end of 5 years, you end up with 1 year of professional experience under your belt. That makes you much more hirable. Or you can have oral exams and make the student travel once at the end of each quarter to be examined by a panel of professors. Or assign open-ended problems to each individual student. Or have more project assignments that would illustrate or require understanding the theory. One of the reasons to have the machine is actually to prevent Russian hot-headed generals from pushing the "launch" button too quickly. That is why the existence of the machine wasn't really made known to the West. It makes perfect sense to still keep it online. Perhaps, because it is online, we haven't seen WWIII yet. > Who is controlling this system now that the Soviet Union is no more? I would guess a branch of FSB or FAPSI ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAPSI ). > Is there any reason not to tear it down and, if not, why hasn't it been? They will, as soon US will tear their systems down. I just use gcc to compile the code. That way I know what subset I am using and the rest of the code is using. What is sad is that there is not much we can do. As voters we push a lever every 2 years as part of a very commercialized and marketed campaigns. After that our participation ends except for the "little" paying of taxes part. The people we vote for are loyal to the companies and political interests that actually promote them into power. Then there is the revolving door between government agencies and the banks and other big companies. All the SEC big wigs are the same big wigs that were running the major banks and investment companies. And the same goes for FDA, Department of Agriculture and any other government agencies. They might as well just merge the two -- if a company becomes "too big to fail", it should just become a part of the government because in effect that what is happening. So if our goal is "to create wealth", technology is not the way to go. Create a bank and become "too big too fail" -- then we'll get 0% loans and we can boast about great profits that "exceed analysts expectations" every quarter. You mean programmers are human sometimes. That does not compute on HN ;-) The vacuum pot ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vacuum_coffee_maker ) appeals to the geek in us. The brew is supposed to be more "pure". I think just like with smoking, coffee brewing is a ritual and people enjoy the ritual just as much as they enjoy the taste and the effects of coffee itself. I like tea. Recently I have gotten to like this strange black tea called pu-erh ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pu-erh_tea ). I you like black tea, give it a try it definetly has a unique flavor. Some people really like it, some really hate it. I'll second that. They have good customer support. Most people seem to regard corporations as moral entities. These companies screwed up. We bailed them out. We expect them to lower their heads in shame, tighten up their belts, ask forgiveness, and promise to not do it again. When they don't act according to our "moral" expectations, we turn everything into a public spectacle, articles start pouring in, blogs are on fire with outrage etc etc.. The problem is that we screwed up at the first step -- companies are not moral entities. They like to present themselves as such (ex. Google's "Do no evil, except when you have to turn in a couple of Chinese dissents over to their government to be imprisoned for life...") > ... these are communities of living people - each with its own tiny culture. There are problems with these places that I don't know how to solve, but their gradual decay is sad in the same way that the destruction of cultures all over the world is sad. But if they are not self-sustainable then who will subsidize them. Should everyone's taxes go towards supporting unsustainable communities out in the middle of nowhere? There are lot of communities with their own culture. It gives us a fuzzy and warm feeling to think about the quiet little town and the local gathering at a local diner in the morning to chat and sociailize. But at the end of the day, if they are all living on welfare, we can only have so many such small towns. Often economic reality is at odds with our warm fuzzy feelings. This is one of those instances. That is probably tied into immigration and welfare policies. An illegal worker from Mexico will pick potatoes for $4/hour, while a poor black person who is a US citizen will probably refuse the same job even at $8/hour (or whatever the minimum wage is these days). A black person will probably rely on welfare. An illegal worker does not have access to the same level of welfare. They should have also broken it down by the income level. > They should do this kind of graph for health care coverage. Some topics are not appropriate for public discourse as far as large media corporations are concerned. We are not supposed to discuss the number of bankruptcies / year due to health care costs, or how health insurance is linked to employment and since there is a high un-employment, there is probably a large number of un-insured individuals as well. And how on the first accident any one of those uninsured will probably blow through their life savings, credit card accounts and eventually declare bankruptcy. I gave up on cable as well. I get my news online and then I subscribe to Netflix. I have the 2-at-a-time plan + all I can watch online. I've watched most of the movies I wanted to see during the years and soon enough I'll switch to one-at-time $9/month plan + all I can watch online. My laptop has an HDMI output so all the online movies look decent. In 3 years, I can't say I miss having TV. But what has happened is that I get a lot more irritated with commercials whenever I am someone's house and they have the TV on. I am sure at the end of the 19th century horse drawn carriage makers faced a dismal future as well. Some professions simply die down and become irrelevant. Interestingly enough this already happened to the Airforce in the late 60s. Airforce was running manned spy satellite missions, but because of the cost and the danger involved, those missions were being canceled in favor of unmanned satellite missions. So this is basically a repeat for Airforce. Or a higher priority than endless wars for oil overseas. But I digress... The reason is because most people can still afford food in US, but cannot afford $3k/day hospital stays. > ... without the high costs of private health care, there will not be enough funding to assist with advances in medicine. I think that is the token defense phrase used by the big pharma companies. In fact they spend more on marketing and advertising than on research. A lot of research is actually done by the public universities. One does not need to trademark names in US. I have to agree. Google should have known better before naming a new language "go" in 2009. It is hard to believe, they didn't think by now someone else would have come up with that name for a language. Or did assume they would just throw a bunch money and lawyers at whoever comes out claiming the name. Something similar happened to http://www.wxwidgets.org (ex-wxWindows). Microsoft payed the author some money and he changed the name of the project. I don't think that would be such a bad outcome. It seems that eventually after a particular programming paradigm (for ex. parallel, functional etc.) establishes itself, only a few programming languages will rise to the top that happen to express the ideas in that paradigm in a more clear and concise way. For example, imagine describing a sorting algorithm to someone and you decide that it should be done in an imperative and sequential way (not functionally or without any parallelism involved). Describing it in English is too ambiguous and verbose, x86 assembly is probably too presice and too hardware specific, a turing machine program is too theoritical and too rigurous. So then you make something up, and I think eventually it looks similar to Python, Ruby or Pascal. However, in practice the language itself is not worth much outside academia unless it comes with a solid library. At the end of the day, the user of the language will have to open network connections, render web pages, access databases and draw GUIs. If the language doesn't let them do that, no matter how elegant it is it will remain just a toy language. > Real Information Theory, as opposed to Data Transmission Theory, has to take into account the receiver. The transmitter has to have a model of the receiver, and then devise the data that will transform the receiver according to the intent of the transmitter. It seems that in general, for any two entities the level of the abstraction used for communication between them, should be the highest common level of abstraction that both of the two entities can operate in. Take your example of the mathematician. If he is using an application that understands what a topological space or a mobius strip is, it seems then he can use those terms in the language that he uses to communicate to the computer. Some computers understand what a Vector is. One can refer to vectors in the language used to communicate with that machine. For example a command like "multiply vector a and vector b" would seem reasonable. However if the machine is just a bare x86 box without any operating system, it will not "understand" what a vector is so one has to "talk" to it in terms of registers, memory and IO ports and so on. This idea of course leads into DSLs. A machine can rise very high on the abstraction level scale today but the abstraction will be confined to a very narrow domain usually. > As for libraries, this is becoming less and less of an issue. With .NET and the JVM, you have a single set of libraries that works with any compatible language and allows language designers to focus on what they're good at: the language. Yes, the language does't have to come with its own libraries. It can piggy-back on some other libraries. If there was just one operating system. with a good and stable API the language might not need any libraries, just the ability to make system calls. So for .NET and java, Sun and Microsoft already did the hard work as far as library code is concerned so any language on those platforms is already miles ahead of a new lanuage without any "batteries". Interestingly enough, if an API is stable and well designed, a language could be created to take a better advantage of it. I am currently looking at Vala, it basically started as a better language than C that would take advantage of glib. I think the goal is to find work that minimizes the need for escapist entertainment. I might be lucky but I consider my job to be fun. In other words I consider programming and problem solving to be fun, and just lucked out and found someone to pay me for it. Sometimes even when I go home I still think about work problems. I certainly don't have to and it is not related to deadlines, it is just what I enjoy doing. Is my employer getting more work-time from me without paying over-time? - Yes, but I don't feel exploited or forced to do it. I could be just a matter of volume. The volume ratio is greater than the concentration ratio. You can say the same thing about espresso vs. soda -- drinking a shot of espresso will probably result in less caffeine than downing a large soda bottle. For example 1oz a espresso would have about 70mg of caffeine, which is less than 20oz of Diet Coke (80mg of caffeine). On a somewhat related topic. I find Paul Falstad's circuit simulator applet simply amazing. I had spent hours playing with it. ( http://falstad.com/circuit/ ) [that page will start a Java applet). Checkout his other physics applets. I like all the Quantum ones along with the antenna simulator. I am convinced that many wineries should sell the same wine for different prices. They could sell the same wine for $7/bottle, $30/bottle and $125/bottle. Of course the $125 should have a different label and should be marketed a lot differently but the wine itself doesn't have to change. I personally just buy a big jug of dark red cooking wine. I can't tell the difference between it and the other more expensive wine, and I refuse to spend more money for snoberry (note: I have nothing against others paying that much if it makes them feel good/better). > I don't know how LexisNexis Westlaw are going survive. I don't think they will. I interviewed with them and there was a general atmosphere of desperation, suggestions of needing to work weekends and hollidays. I mentioned Google to them and how Google will eventually want to get access to _public_ court records, and it seems like that question made them really uncomfortable. Well, they enjoyed their (virtual?) monopoly for so many years, now Google gets to enjoy theirs. I was saying that I couldn't taste the difference and according to the article, many other people can't either. They are essentially tasting the label and the marketing, which is why the marketing and the label should look different in both cases. They are people more sophisticated and better at wine tasting, but there are a lot of people who just follow irrational marketing cues. Yes the boxed wine tastes better. I also keep it in the refrigerator and take some out some time before drinking it and let it sit. I think that's called "decantering" but I din't know when I started doing it, it just made the wine taste better. > but what about 10 or 12 digit passwords? Just wondering if this has been at all effective. Most passwords out there are very insecure because they use words that look, sound or are composed of words from dictionaries, that increases the likelihood of cracking the password quite a bit. They can essentially split the load, let some machine brute force sequentially and others perform a dictionary attack. Even better they should generate a custom dictionary by dumping the strings from any non-encrypted data from the same user. That is what I would do at least. > You'll be crippled trying to learn things like decimals, fractions, exponents or god forbid algebra or calculus if whenever you have to add you have to be "making ten" in your head. It needs to be memorized. /joke: they should just start with category theory -- it will produce a fine new generation of HN readers ;-) > Thus we have convoluted methods of teaching addition like this that in some way do make sense, but are mostly just another layer of confusion. I think everyone conceptualizes and encodes basic arithmetic stuff in their own way. Some memorize it symbolically, some visualize, some think of number lines, graphs and so on. Trying to "help" by providing tables, coins and all kind of "aides" just confuses some students who started to encode it differently. I think they should start with memorization, and let each individual develop they own heuristics and shortcuts. When those abstract shortcuts are enforced and don't match with the ones a person is already using, it can get confusing. Theoretically none. Quantum computers are universal Turing machines. The main advantage of quantum computers is speedup. 5 years ago (when I took a couple of courses in QC) there were basically 2 quantum algorithms -- Shor's factorization and Grover's search. The former speeds up integer factorization (and discrete logarithm) and brings it to polynomial time, and the later speeds up search from O(n) to O(sqrt(n)). So just being able to quickly factor integers breaks a lot of encryption algorithms, and a faster search would really help with data processing. One of the main difficulty with quantum computers is quantum de-coherence. Qubits when they are entangled must be isolated from the outside environment until the final result measurement is taken. That is what is preventing the creation of large, multi-qubit computers. For example, it would be useful to have a 1024 qubit machine to simultaneously represent all 1024 bit states. Quantum error correction might solve the problem, but we are yet to see practical quantum computers. Well unless users work for NSA, are somehow aware of encryption algorithms, are concerned about protecting their data, or are interested in factoring large numbers, this would not interest them much. Grover's search algorithm however, will speedup searching. It would be possible to search very large databases in a much shorter time : O(sqrt(n)) instead of O(n). Of course, many problems are based on searching so it is hard to enumerate all the possible end-user visible effects of this. You are right, thank you. I embarrassingly forgot quantum cryptography. Idealy only an index would be searched. For example when a sorting algorithm is presented, typically we assume that items are just integers. So if the database itself is huge, one would take a column and feed that into the quantum computer along with a matching function and a search item and the output would be the position of the item in the column. In general it is assumed that 'items' are integers. That is general enough. But since no practical implementations exist, still we still don't know how it would work in the real world with a real database. Here is a more in depth (and somewhat dramatic) explanation: For N, items to be search, it would take log2(N) qubits (that's enough to represent all N states). The matching function would have to be a quantum gate/operator. In other words, matching is performed in the quantum world. The idea behind quantum algorithms is to encode the input in a set of qubits, then make them interact in a way that creates a superposition of states. A superposition of states can be thought of as sending the input into a 'magic' quantum world, where N qubits simoultaneously represent all 2^N binary states. Then a set of quantum operators (gates) are applied to the state vector, while it is still in this magic quantum world. All is fine and dandy (provided that we can mentain the whole quantum world in a stable/isolated state). Then the 'sad' part is that once we measure the result and bring it into the 'real' world, the whole 'magic' quantum world collapses on itself, and only one particular state out of 2^N emerges. The trick is then to apply the quantum operators such that the probability of the quantum world collapsing to one particular 2^N state is increased. In case of Grover's algorithm that is what happens. The quantum operators increase the probability of the quantum state collapsing to the matched index. It is a probabilistic algorithm in the sense that it might have to be run a couple of times. EDIT: removed stupid spelling errors There was a story a while ago when IRS went after someone who was fixing their friends' and neighbours' cars and didn't ask for money in return. He was retired and he liked working on cars and he did it for free. IRS claimed he should have reported it as income. In respect to money being a measure of wealth, was he "theoretically" becoming wealthy and acruing "good will". Later by changing his mind and asking for favors from his neighbors he could "cash in" his "good will" but avoid paying income and sale taxes on it. I think it depends what you do with your toolbox. Most people have a limited amount of working memory and filling it with syntax rules + library APIs of 15 programming languages is not best way to get most tasks done (unless the task is to learn as many languages as possible). I would prefer to know as few languages and APIs as possible that let me get my work done. Python is one of the languages and the other one is C. C is for doing realtime stuff and Python is for everything else (setup, network IO, GUI, web, etc). Unlike the author of the artice I like using Twisted and it works reasonably well for what I am doing. > The problem with these sorts of statements is that nearly everything is insignificant compared to something else. The UK shouldn't bother about efficient energy use or renewable sources as China is a far greater consumer and anything we do will be insignificant. You were being sarcastic, but that is a very good point. I am tired of feel-good "stop taking hot showers" + "ask for paper bags at the store" kind of articles aimed at individual consumers. Sure it makes the writer feel good, it makes the consumer feel good -- they are all working together to save the planet. But if they really wanted to have an impact they should aim the article at the government and the big industrial giants. Instead of "stop taking hot showers" the article should say "write your representative". Because even a million people taking cold showers might not make as much difference for the environment as installing a single scrubber on a coal plant, or forcing P&G to stop dumping tons of crap into the air. Those are the things that really make a difference. But somehow those things don't get talked about in the mainstream media. Then we have China and it is a real big problem. How does one make China cut down on its coal plants? Can they claim that they are still industrializing, so they shouldn't adhere to the same rules as the rest of the 'already developed' world? Can we tell them what to do when we are also major offenders? Want to do something, talk to your congressman. Get involved, get the media involved... And I am not advocating to start buying Hummers and letting our hot water run all night, but we shouldn't delude ourselves that it actually makes a real difference. We do it because it is a good thing to do, it make us feel warm and fuzzy but that is about it. In case of encrypted data, can't the US government legally force one to disclose passwords following a raid? In other words they might raid a company, they find encrypted hard drives so they ask for passwords. Then does revealing passwords fall under "self-incriminating" or not revealing them fall under "obstructing justice"? And "lost" here means "unknown to the editors of NY Times". I remember studying about the Cucuteni culture in the 5th grade. Here is a link with more info on it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cucuteni-Trypillian_culture > A 50mbps pipe for $150 a month will do wonders compared to your ancient cable modem. Isn't it more about latency then throughput? If the machine->ISP->broker is closer network-wise (say 20 ms RTT) on a 1mbps DSL line, you'll execute trades faster than on a 50mbps FIOS but with a 80ms RTT. And then, in general, after a couple of milliseconds the news have already been "factored" into the market by all the quants and their $100,000 hyper-optimized system. I have always been suspicious of "get rich by trading". Sure there are a lot of successful day traders but I don't think we see all the losers so we get a skewed picture of the risk/return. Now if I get my hands on that sweet 4 monitory setup, I'll attach a model M IBM keyboard to it and fire up some emacs windows with some Python or Haskell code in them instead of playing the lottery. I am sorry I didn't qualify my statement but I am from Eastern Europe. So we learned about it quite early. I was being sneaky a little but the point was that when it come to "the oldest artifact...X", the "earliest...Y" it should be something that is taught and studied world-wide. The downside is that we didn't study much American history, or at least not as much as I would have liked. I like it. But I already use elinks in a terminal (most current Linux distros make elinks availble). Here is how I run it: $ elinks news.ycombinator.com Then: Select story/comment : "Up" and "Down" arrows. Open story/comment : "Enter" Go back to previous page : "Back" arrow. Quit : "q" Nah, just HN. It's a minimalistic and clean enough site that elinks (and my eyes!) can handle. > What exactly makes Eisner a "sociopath" and Brin & Page "normal decent people"? Because Google proclaimed that they will "do no evil". So therefore they are not evil ... fire up your blogs praising Google in 1...2.... Of course a few dissidents who were turned in by Google to face long prison sentences in countries with oppressive regimes might have something to say about the track record of the "do no evil" policy, but somehow everyone already forgot about that. Once a company outgrows its founders, becomes a publically-traded behemoth, it is really not that different from other publically-traded behemoths. Some just learn from the mistakes of others, and handle their marketing and PR better (e.g. Microsoft is considered the "Evil Empire" so we will market ourselves as "good" on the moral spectrum). For instance, it helped Google's PR tremendously to take a "moral stand" as a company. Perhaps their cost-analysis showed that when they do something immoral nobody will notice and they'll use their awesome marketing skill, and everyone will forgive and forget. It worked great in that respect. But that typifies sociopathic behavior. Now I am not blaming Google too much. I think it is the legal environment that creates a Darwinian competition where sociopaths rise to the top. If companies had personalities (I don't think they do, at least not to the extent that everyone anthropomorphizing them), most would be diagnosed as dysfunctional sociopaths. Those that aren't, we never hear about. No offense but "queried" them is a little loaded as well. Can't imagine these dissidents displayed their, name and address in the open. So "queried" is more like, "turning in the IP address and the time-stamp" at the request of the Chinese government. And I don't really buy the "we have no idea why the Chinese govt. would want these" possible excuse from Google. Never-mind their active participation in blocking information and issues relating to Tibet and thus contributing to the problem. Well, I expected to get down-voted on HN for even alluding that Google would do something wrong, and for not worshiping Sergey & Larry. This is definetly Google fanboy country. "Hail Almighty Google!" -- there, fixed it now. Let the points roll in. That's part of the design. Judging by the use and adoption of AK-47 I'd say it is a better weapon in general than M16. Usually an inacurate weapon is better than a stuck weapon when the soldier is facing an enemy. The later is true. There is a large, high througput, revolving door between DoD and large contractors. Yesterday's generals are today's board members and C*Os of large defense contractors. When something is purchased, or a bid is chosen, it is often because of those conections not because a product is inherently better. The result is a lot of overpriced, under-performing equipment. The amount of waste is just ridiculous, even for a $650 billion market ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_United_States_federal_budg... ). OK, so they shot a smaller, faster moving target. The original point still stands. It was an F-117. Yes, most "F" aircraft are air-to-air fighter aircraft. However F-117 is mostly used to attack ground targets, so it's "F" should be more like an "A" (If you want to nitpick that is ;-) ) > Iran has nuclear technology now, so they're no longer idiots, just evil dobaddies. As opposed to other "smart" countries that have nuclear technology but are noble dogoodies? Try this http://wholehealthsource.blogspot.com/2009/03/reversing-toot... > Who better to run a food company than someone who has worked in the USDA? Are you asking as the food company, or as the proverbial "concerned citizen?" Because I would want the USDA to work for me, since I am paying my taxes. I want it to do its job and protect me from Kraft selling me salmonela infested cookie dough. It is hard for USDA to do that when they expect to be hired by Kraft and be payed large bonuses and salaries in the future. > The real issue is that our government can too easily reward individual companies or industry groups with hand-outs. The other serious problem is that individual companies can easily 'reward' (read 'bribe') their friends in high places so they can turn a blind eye and in turn harm the public. I have the naive desire to have a government that would take care and protect its citizens. I don't have the time and the resources to carry a microscope and a bacterial toolkit to the grocery store when I buy meat or eggs. I expect to pay my taxes and USDA to do its job. Exactly. I believe that people in third-world countries can be a lot more motivated when it comes to learning and harnessing new technologies, simply because they might have a lot more at stake. Unlike in the past, nowadays it is relatively easy to gain access to technical knowledge. If someone has access to the web and knows enough English they are basically at the same distance from information (=1) as someone in a developed world. All it takes is a lot of time and persistence. So there might be third-world countries but there are no third world people. The danger is when managers think of themselves as engineers. This is like asking an un-experienced driver to drive fast. Or an un-exprerience scuba diver to go deeper. I remember that I didn't code fast in my CS1 classes. The reason was because it was scary. The compiler and all syntax errors seemed cryptic. Now one of the goals of the class should be to make students not afraid of trying things out. To get there they have to understand the tools and the basics. Having a good langauge + compiler/interpreter definetly helps. For example, Python's REPL is a way to try things fast. Especially when used with something like ipython, where you can explore an object's methods as you type. C/C++ and gcc is not so great in this respect. You get a segementation fault, and the next thing you do is pepper code with print statements or fire up gdb. Now they have another problem to solve -- how to use gdb. Very useful, but perhaps not for someone in CS1, unless CS1 as a filter and its purpose is to scare everyone away. Well said. It is amazing how much motivation the danger of a bleak future could be. That is basically my story. In my country (in Easter Europe) there were plenty of dead beats in the school, but they never left the country. Some of them are now in jail, many are living in the proverbial "van down by the river". I made it out not because I was the smartest but because I was persistent. What made the most difference for me personally was: 1. I saw my parents lose their jobs and strugle trying to make ends meet. 2. My parents encouraged me to learn from at very young age. For example: When my father would take the back cover of our old vacuum tube TV to clean it from dust, he would call me over and tell me what each of the components did and how electrons flowed and so on. I thought it was the best thing in the world. Another example: When I was 12 my mom, spent a month of her salary on a ZX Spectrum computer. I didn't ask her to. She just saw the way I looked at it and she knew it would help me to have one. Well, I loved it and I learned English just so I can use my new computer and read all the docs and write BASIC and Z80 assembly. That in turn, helped me pass a series of english proficiency tests need to get a scholarship to come to US. Long story short, I've been living in US ever since, doing what I love --programming. I'll bring my parent over soon as well. Note: School wasn't in my 2 bullet points above. And that is because school is secondary. It will not teach anything if the student doesn't already want to learn. They will provide the tests and homeworks, students will get marks to show they know how to take the particular test or do the particular homework. That is all. To rise above, there has to be an internal motivation. Both security theatre and terrorism is about managing perceptions. One is just a response to the other in the public + media domain. Also government will do whatever it takes to seem like it is doing something. Lots of rules, directives with cryptic long numbers separated by dashes, TSA employees with uniforms resembling those of real police officers, etc, etc. This is all very very different than actually doing something or making anything safe. > If you've designed something well, then all changes can be easily accommodated. I disagree with that. If you can easily accomodate any changes it means you probably over-designed and over-generalized and made your solution too complicated. > But to "design something well" requires omniscience, because it depends on understanding the problem, and in what ways that problem will likely change in future. Yes, that is the problem. A lot of good programmers are prone to over-generalizing, even for code that should be simple and straight-forward. Sometimes it pays off, but not always. > Fred Brooks: Build one to throw away. You will anyway. I tend to approach programming as experimentation. "Let's build something and try it out" kind of approach. Then "if it works, we'll enhance it, otherwise we'll throw it away and try something else". It seems wasteful but with a language like Python it is easy to prototype things out. I would say that ontologies built by hand won't scale well. It would take humans to understand ontologies perfectly and consistently to build a good ontology. But humans don't understand ontologies that well, it is just not how we think. In the sense that one person's interpretation might be different than another person's. So which interpretation should be encoded in the system? I probably should qualify the above by saying that lower level and domain specific ontologies might be manageble. That is where a lot of work has been done. The problem is moving up the hierarchy of abstraction where the ontology meets encoding of common-sense items. Cyc has tried for years to encode common sense rules and terms in hopes that it would approximate human common sense. But problem I see with that approach is that humans (those entering the rules in the system for example) themselves don't know how common sense is encoded. They just know it, but it is hard to formalize that knowledge and it is very much personalized. I am glad Schneier's article got on cnn.com. General public would benefit greatly from reading this. Unlike other pundits and "experts" he actually knows what he is talking about when it comes to security. To paraphrase my comment to a related thread: both security theatre and terrorism is about managing _perceptions_. One is just a response to the other in the public and media domain. Therefore, the government will respond using theatircs and flare. They will do whatever it takes to _seem_ like they is doing something. Lots of rules, directives with cryptic long numbers separated by dashes, TSA employees with uniforms resembling those of real police officers, etc, etc... This is quite different than actually making anything or anybody any more safe. Another point worth mentioning is that TSA has yet to show at least one foiled or stopped terrorist attempt in all these years since its existence. Nevermind that they still have not justified their existence by stopping at least one bomb from going through. Rules, directives will long number and dashes between them, expensive x-ray detectors, is just the theatre, they still have not done their job, at least once in all these years. Some will say "well their very existence prevented any terrorist from even trying to get a bomb through" which is just as valid as "their very exitence prevented pink elephants from Mars from landing and stomping us all to death." > The TSA doesn't want to look like a bunch of idiots if something like this happens again because they did nothing to prevent it. With this, they're doing something and people, on some level, like it or are at least comforted by it. In general terrorism and security theatre is about managing perceptions. They are two sides of the same coin. Terrorists are not in the business of killing as many people as possible they are in the business of scaring as many people as possible. Likewise the reponse of the government -- TSA is not in the business of making traveling safe, they are in the business of _seeming_ to make traveling safe. They provide the comfort of the witch doctor that tries to cure cancer by shaking a rattle. Sadly people seem to buy it so far. As long as everyone buys it, they will keep hanging around, feeling everyone up (with a back of their hand of course), puffing air up womens skirts, making mothers drink their milk and push disabled out of their wheelchairs. Nobody minds that much, so that will continue and intensify as time goes on. > you don't notice it until it stops working. My claim is that is hasn't even started working. I was able to board and fly on a plane before TSA existed, I can board and fly on a plane now, albeit I am felt up by some random dude, I am standing one hour in line, I have to take my shoes off at the airport, I can't get up to go to the bathroom for 1 hour before landing, I can't even keep a blanket, a pillow or magazine on my lap any more. That's the only tangible and visible result of having the TSA that I experienced. > Their service is like the electric company (and IT) My lights are on, I know the electrical company is providing me electricity. My servers are accessible, so I know the IT is doing their job. So it is not quite the same. How many real bombs has TSA stopped going through its security screening? > No, it's not the same. One is plausible, the other is not. Yes. Now let's not give the propaganda machine any ideas ;-) Of course, one is plausable and the other is not. One is also a hyperbole to illustrate the point. Basically, in the last 10 years we had about 400 people/year die of terrorism on average (took 9/11 number and spread them over 9 years). There is a higher chance of being shot by your neighborhood cop than dying from terrorism. Now that's plausable. So lock up all the policemen in jail, that's more effective at preventing American death than what the TSA has been doing. The point was that TSA in all these years has nothing to show for. There have been bombing attempts but they have been stopped by near by passengers and/or air marshals. By now, instead of millions of harassed citizens TSA should have had a glass display case of at least a couple dozen explosive devices + some terrorists behind bars. > I've noticed in many organizations that universities in India are sometimes viewed with suspicious as the quality of the output (in the IT field) can vary wildly. I have seen that first-hand. From my experience, H1B workers from India are very under-qualified. They are usually hired for their low pay demands not for exceptional knowledge. I don't want to start a flame war, this is just my experience, but the level of knowledge of some H1B employees is that of a someone taking a few community college courses. No theortical background. Most don't know what an algorithm is, instead they repeat a set of jargon IT words they read somewhere in a book. While we are on the stereotyping bandwagon, I have noticed that programmers from Eastern Europe & former Soviet Block have a much better grasp of CS theory and math. Chinese programmers fall somewhere in between. Again, downvote if you like, this is just what I observed, I don't know why that is and your experience will probably vary. You are assuming that what TSA was doing, is doing and is planning to do stopped/is stopping/will stop terrorist attacks. Their track record is so horrible that they should be fired on the spot, be asked to apologize to everyone they harassed over the years and be forced to return tax payer's money they wasted for expensive x-ray vision and air puffing machines. To bring back an analogy I made in a previous post, they are like the witch doctor that is trying to cure cancer with a rattle or a voodoo doll. The patients keep dying so as far as they can see, the rattle is not advanced enough. Now they've enhanced the rattle with more bells and added more rules that patients have to follow to get cured. Of course, those who see through the farce and write about it, get some personal attention and home visits... > missed out on a opportunity to bring a lot of the dynamic language programmers into the .NET fold. I think one of the reasons is that they are well ... Microsoft. It is irrational, it doesn't make sense, but that's the vibe I get. Their languages and ideas are not bad, I think it is the association with their company that is somehow hurting them. For example, F# is a very nice language, but I think the fact that it runs on .NET is putting off a lot of people. It seems to me if F# wasn't related in any way to Microsoft, it would have fared a lot better. Well as I said their track record is very bad. They have not stopped red-handed a single terrorist or a single real bomb. It is usually an air marshal, other intelligence or just near-by passengers that did the work for them. Yet they have sucked billions of dollars of our money. If we "the people" are the employers and TSA is working for us to keep us safe, it would be reasonable for us to fire them immediatly. As for your concerns: > 1. They don't have Full Body Scanners in place. The technology has been around for 3+ years, and would have caught the PETN sewn into the underwear. There are also body cavities. Would you suggest probing everyone's cavities then? > 2. They still allow liquids onto planes, which can be used to detonate and/or do significant damage to the inside of an airplane. Refer to my answer to point 1. Body cavities can hide liquids, powder gels, anything non-metalic. Even with their existing control they have let liquids and weapons through on numerous time. So my list of steps that TSA could have taken is: 1. Quit From the article: "In 1972, 87% of kids who lived within a mile of school walked or biked daily. Today, only 13% of children bike, walk or get themselves to school." Interesting point. I remember growing up in the middle of a city, playing outside for hours at a time without my parents' supervision when I was 5. Then when I was 7 I was taking public transportation to school or, if the weather was nice, I would walk 5 or 6 blocks home. But that was decades ago and in a different country. I wonder if in US today my parents would be reported for "child neglect" if they let me do the same things they let me do then. That is really sad and disturbing. Somehow I think most people nowadays would side with the person that did the reporting. I wish people watched less TV hype and instead used their heads to critically assess risks and dangers. Try this link: http://noblesoul.com/orc/critics/ It is not as swing and miss if you remember that 1900s was the dawn of Eugenics ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics ) -- the selection and breeding of a superior humans, a country of healthy, youthful and perfect men and women... We often forget that America and Britain were very much in love with Eugenics. Unfortunately that is probably not something included in the high-school history curriculum... Search for footage of the controversial "Olympia" by Leni Riefenstahl it typifies the mood and the idea... They now have a PPA Debian/Ubuntu archive for igraph and python-igraph: http://launchpad.net/~igraph/+archive/ppa Another thing to keep in mind before optimizing is the 80/20 rule. Usually only a small part of the program (20%) needs optimizing. Of course one needs actual performance numbers (via profiling for example) before knowing what to optimize. There is nothing worse than faith-based performance assumptions. I have seen months being wasted re-writing code in a lower level language to "make things faster" only to find out that it didn't make a difference, the code was disk or network bound and not CPU bound. The technology might get there soon but not the legal framework. I can't even imagine the legal implication of cars on autopilot killing pedestrians and drivers. That is also probably one of the reasons we don't have flying cars yet. > There's a huge oversupply of candidates because humanities is 'exciting' and thus will attract a certain number of people regardless of how bad the conditions are. I often wonder how much of the 'exciting' part is actually 'math was too hard so any hard sciences are out of the question'. Some students know for sure what they love and want, but some are in the undecided major for 2 years and then are forced to pick. The decision they make sometimes is influenced by their level of proficiency in the subject not by the love of the subject itself. > Universities sell credentials, not knowledge. Could point. Therefore the diploma mill market. All in all it is just another bubble. The only thing that keeps the bubble going is that employers still screen based on degrees, therefore degrees are perceived to have value. Now I would argue for not even working for any employers that screen heavily based on degrees instead of extensively checking and matching a candidate's knowledge and personality fitness ... but that's just me. > ... they would have been put out of business by public libraries long ago. And a lot of universities already publish quality course materials on the web. > They also sell a rich learning and networking environment ... That is worth anything only if it will help achieve future profesional goals. You are probably thinging of a rich start-up culture. It can be awesome for engineering and business majors. But for humanities, I am not so sure. > motivation in the form of deadlines and so forth, which is often difficult for most people; There is some value in that. Universities used to play the 'in loco parentis' role in the past ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_loco_parentis ). In other words they provide an environment where discipline and certain norms are enforced. I am just not so sure it is worth $120k worth of debt at the end. > I damaging the host computer in some way or leaking private information is probably a good way to get yourself sued. The intent is to not damage anything, but rather to only crash the program itself. This might lead the user to visit a support forum where they will be kindly adivised to purchase a legitimate copy of the software. However, if I understand correctly, the program is crashed when it overwrites its own memory. That means that at some point it could end up executing random code. Although very unlikely, it is possible that it could execute the equivalent of "remove users home directory" code. A more likely, but less 'punishing' outcome could be the execution of a tight infinite loop. That could be interpreted as a 'denial of service' and thus full under the booby-trap law. > could have easily taken his nail clippers and gotten on the train with it and... well, I dunno what you would actually do with nail clippers on a train that's really so bad. Oh you know ... induce mass discomfort and panic by clipping everyone's nails just a little too close to the skin ;-) I don't see any use of the 'in-place' -i option. My most useful one-liner: sed -i "s/pat/rep/g" file It means replace in-place all matches of pat with rep in file. To make a backup of old file use -i.bak instead of -i where .bak would be the suffix of the backup file. Yes, thank you. Forgot to qualify that -i is only in GNU sed. But I think it is in GNU sed for a reason -- it is a practical shortcut. The only thing I use sed for is to do search and replaces. If the command spanned 2 lines or had pipes and redirects a lot of people just wouldn't remember it. > ... the program will, irrespective of the password, always send the same character string to the drive after performing various crypto operations -- and this is the case for _all_ USB Flash drives of this type. [emphasis mine] Does that mean what I think it means -- the password is not actually used during encryption? Was it a deliberate back-door or an honest mistake? I can imagine the commit comment for that "feature": [commit 24ebc...] Couldn't figure out how to parse and encode the password. Always send "123456" as the password. I am the same way. English is actually my 3rd language. I learned English because I had a ZX Spectrum computer when I was growing up and most of the programs and were in English. So I learned English so I could understand my computer. It turned out to be very useful to know Enlglish later on. So I hope this doesn't sound insensitive but I would rather everyone learn English, I think it will just make everything a little easier. It is like having a common API between people ;-) > ...using English in contexts that don't require it. Yes. But I would think in the information technology domain, most of the entities don't translate very well. For example words like 'daemon', 'driver', 'segmentation fault' etc. these acquire a certain meaning that just cannot be translated easily to other languages. So you end up with half-half type mix, half of the words in English half in the native language. It ends up sounding silly. > It's a status game, and I luckily started to notice it while very young. You see this often when engineers meet. If the group is new, and haven't established a status hierarchy already, they will quickly start throwing jargon around at each other, to show who is more knowledgeable and try to make others look stupid. That quickly establishes who is who on the status ladder and then the meeting or discussion proceeds on. I think of apes beating their chests and throwing sticks around to show their might. Once you become aware of it, it is quite amusing to watch. I started chuckling during a meeting we had with 2 new consultants, and everyone started looking at me strange... But there is an upside to it. To a certain extent it is necessary to establish a hierarchy, because a senior engineer's opinion is worth listening to a lot more than a junior's engineers opinion. Time is money. If Joe is a senior engineer and we have all as a group accept it, we will drill down and explore his suggestions, if Steve, a junior engineer proposes something, we won't consider it as seriously. For us to consider Steve's suggestions, he'll have to prove himself. I think it is necessary to emphasize that this extends to professional domain knowledge. It is absolutely unacceptable to put anyone down because of their religion, sex orientation, skin color, or body shape. Otherwise, at least were I work, we have no qualms telling people they are full of shit, when it comes to domain knowledge. You can, but do it in your own time, not at work. That was a very interesting read. Thank you. Yes, it seems like improv, is really good at emphasizing and making explicit human interactions. This might be applicable to AI agent research and design. If you do your write-up, I will gladly read! > It's naive to think telling people "they are full of shit" won't have repercussions. Yes, it does have repercussions. It usually doesn't come to that. But the benefit outweighs the repercussions. It creates a level of trust between us, because we cut through bullshit and passive aggressive "fake niceness". We yell at each other, but then we also apologize to each other. We mitigate the repercussion by screening heavily based on personality when we hire. When we hire people we make it explicit that this is the environment. Candidates spend a whole day with us, we go to lunch together, we do a debug session, we ask them to participate in some mock-up or simple design spec with a group of engineers and white-board. Some otherwise good engineers didn't end up working for us because we didn't like their personality, some were terrified that we threw the "f" word around too much, some thought us as not too "politically correct". So far this has worked for the company for 20 years, I've been with them for 3 years and I really like it. After reading that, I promptly threw a package of Atlantic wild caught salmon in the refrigerate to thaw for later. Fish happens to be be one of my favorite foods. I think I am in the minority in US. I also like beet soup (borscht), so hopefully I am getting my share of Fe as well. A lot of people here love steaks, chicken, spaghetti, pizza, but fish or beets are secondary or fall in the "weird" foods category. In general I think so many Americans have weight problems because the popular foods happen to be bad for them. An extreme example of this is the Native American food -- fry bread. They have been displaced from their lands, and US govt. is feeding them with lard and flour. No wonder diabetes rates are so high among that population segment. http://diabetes.niddk.nih.gov/dm/pubs/americanindian/ Thanks. To summarize: Do eat: - Salmon - Tilapia - Carp - Perch - Squid - Sardines - Oysters Do not eat: - Shark - Swordfish - Tilefish - Mackerel When it comes to "do not eat" it is easier to remember "do not eat mackarel" when getting to the store than "do not eat Mackarel from 2009 from Golf of Mexico". Health-wise if we don't eat some kind of Mackerel we'll be OK. In other words as far as mercury levels and safety, my "shopping" list still works. However, if you are a Mackarel fisherman you might not like my shopping list... Ah, sorry my bad. It was Alaskan not Atlantic. Sorry, just checked the refrigerator and it is Alaskan not Atlantic. There doesn't have to be a binary distinction between real and imaginary. I use to talk to my toy soldiers, I knew they weren't alive, but I wished they were. So they were somewhere in between perhaps. It is very important for children to setup make-believe situations and use their imagination. I think that is a good way to later develop planing and abstract thinking skills. > Don't AM, and TV signals have way more energy? Is WiFi really the highest energy source available to you? Per photon, according to Plank's equation: E = hf So the higher the frequency, the higher the energy carried. > What about visible light? Even indoors, if the lights are on, there is far more energy available via visible light. For the same amount of photons light carries a lot more energy. That is why pocket calculators can work just form a couple of photo-voltaic cells. But of course if you live next to a powerful TV transmitter or radio station you are surely better of harvesting that. > Or is this just to make it buzzword compliant? Yes. Agreed. We tried using mac minis as little servers, but they wouldn't boot if a monitor is not connected. We got around it by making a dummy DVI connector with a resistor in it. But still, it is jumping through hoops. That and the silly BIOS, it is as if Apple went out of its way to make it less user friendly... And for course it is running plan 9 ;-) I don't know why I am being modded down. Apple fanboys? Here you go ;-) http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/plan9/sys/src/ I remember my father opening up our black and white vacuum tube TV to clean it from dust. He would tell me what each component did, how electrons flowed ... for me it was the best time in the world listening to him. And I really liked taking things apart to see what they are made of. Nowadays I mostly work with software, the interesting components are algorithms and data structures. They are abstract and intangible but just as fascinating. Interesting, similar to: edw519 btilly patio11 pg tptacek Well, the generation we have doesn't. We just built some DVI connectors with a resistor on the back, to make it behave similar enough to a connected monitor. Mac minis are fairly different depending on the generation. > I could probably exit the site very rapidly by way of a submission script But that would certianly fall within the realm of "hacking" > The internet has saved culture from monotone salvages of the old media That's why whenever I hear about "piracy is killing the big production companies" and am thinking "and that would be bad because...?" They have been shoving junk down people's throats (or should I say "eyes" and "ears") for so many years, they make artists sign draconian contracts, etc, etc. If they disappear, I'll be alright with it. > Two-party consent means that all parties to a conversation must agree to be recorded on a telephone or other audio device. There should be a distinction if a party is a public servant on duty. As soon as the policeman puts on their uniform, is on duty, and is in a public space, there should be no restriction about recording of what they do. Good idea. Instead of "Math is hard" she would blurt out "A finite graph is planar if and only if it does not contain a subgraph that is homeomorphic to K5 or K3,3" > There should be a distinction if the party being recorded is in public. Please read my full comment. It does mention that an officer would have to be in public. In other words, recording him in the mens room would not be appropriate. Yes, and you can break Bob and Cindy's fingers to get their passphrases. That is a very easy step. That is why steganography should be used. There shouldn't even be an ecrypted text for them to try to decrypt, at least as far as they know. Because once, there is, they can always get the password. The next best thing is is fake encryption or some kind of nested encryption, so that the outer layer decrypts to something plausable but ultimately benign. A password doesn't even fall under 'free speech', so even in a free country like US one can get slapped with 'obstruction of justice' if one doesn't provide a password. I'll leave it to your imagination to what happens in other, more oppressive countries... Interesting point. It is a sort of a MEAD (Mutually Economic Assured destruction), a complement to the nuclear MAD. > I don't see a future for purely electric vehicles, it seems like hybrids cover many more use cases. It's a chicken and egg problem. Imagine that some restaurants and parking garages also had charging stations. You park and have dinner, while your car is charging. Or you park, go get your haircut, or go shopping and your car is charging. There is a good business opportunity for "charge" stations as well. Gas stations would love to keep people around long enough for them to walk in and buy a candy bar. If they stay longer, perhaps they'll get thirsty and buy some soft drinks. > What about exothermic reactions using iron or aluminum filings? Well now, we wouldn't want our precious little snowflakes to blow their fingers off. But we'll sign them up for cheerleading and football, where they can break their knees, heads and spines. So we are basically banking on them all being professional athletes and dancers. But then, of course, we wonder how come we are so behind all the other countries in science and math. > No sense pushing things when the world is nuts. Yet we have no qualms about our kids playing sports where they easily can break their necks and knees. If you go to any school in US, you'll see students with casts and bandaged knees and elbows. Most of those are sports injuries. See how many children have "science" related injuries -- you'll probably see none. So it is not that we want to protect our children, because then we'd have to cancel football, but instead we end up teaching and perpetuating certain attitudes and values that ultimately will put our country at a disadvantage. Note: the company claims they were hacked by competitors. I know Russian police is stupid, and they compensate for their stupidity in brutality and corruption, but I think even they would have noticed a fake feed. You know, it's snowing outside and the camera shows daylight... pretty easy to notice. I would side with the company and would claim one of the competitors hacked them, then bribed someone in the police department to make a stink => Profit. Bonus points: Make sure the shiny white box actually turns on and there is pretty graphics on the screen. > that is an over-reaction on a massive scale is not considered anything short of normal. I think it is more subtle than that. If it was about safety, they would cancel cheerleading and football. I know I have been repeating myself in 2 other comments on the same thread, I feel strongly about this, see here http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5538a1.htm for some CDC stats on 2005-2006 ). What seems to happen is that schools are interested not in safety but in avoiding litigation. So they are only concerned with the perception of safety. It all revolves around "Would we get sued?" or "Legally, did we cover our asses?" Schools should just merge with TSA, they both seems to share their delusions about safety. Apparently there is also a disadvantage -- a higher risk of developing stuttering. I know from experience (n=1), but there is some interesting research on the topic as well: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=stuttering+bilingual+chi... Wiki page on McCandless: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_McCandless The speculation is that he died either from eating http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hedysarum or Hedysarum with "Black Patch Desease" fungus : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhizoctonia_leguminicola I just watched the movie about him "Into The Wild" -- pretty interesting. Sorry, to disappoint but this is standard within the military-industrial complex. If you have dealt much with DoD and their contractors, you would notice a lot of waste and a lot of scamming going on. There was a story a while ago about some contractor in Afghanistan charging the military $100 for a 15 pound load of laundry. That happens because the guys at the Pentagon are the same guys running the defense contracting companies. That is a general tendency of blaming whatever cannot be explained or understood. The primitive men blamed natural phenomena and diseases on the gods and witches. Today we blame it on the nerdy guys with glasses and pocket protectors. When they make money, the financial giants quickly take credit for it: "oh look we are making money, _we_ are so awesome", when the nerdy guys screw up, then they are scapegoated, "oh look, it is those damn nerds and their voodoo, that screwed us." When the nerds with their voodoo were making lots of money, the firms didn't say "we don't know what these guys are doing, but they are making us lots of money, they deserve all the credit, they are the heroes", instead the CEOs gave each other big bonuses and pats on the back. But when everything went sour, they blamed the "nerds" (and I admit, nerds did screw up), instead of blaming themselves for not evaluating risk properly. If they couldn't evaluate risk properly (and I think they couldn't), they should have stopped what they were doing. EDIT: syntax errors I would summarize it as: German design goal: functionality and comfort, user is at the center. Japanese design goal: aesthetics, the tool is at the center. It is possible, that a Japanese chef will feel and work better working with an aesthetic and clean looking knife. The chef's skill is praised in as much as it can make use of the beautifully designed knife (i.e. the craftsmanship culture). A German (Western) chef will work better with any knife that fits his hand better. The chef is at the center of the design. A knife is an extension of a chef's hand. If he did have a nuclear reactor. He will quickly be "de-throned" and invaded as he will be deemed a "security threat" by other "nuclear" powers (yes, despite the obvious irony). Look what is happening with Iran and North Korea. All the nuclear powers are up in arms (pun intended) about them developing nuclear technology. I wonder how they would protect against "rogue" staff. I imagine many governments and international corporations would love to get their "people" on the staff. They would quietly ignore stories and report the whistle blowers. As the post above pointed out, don't hack too much. TI is known for throwing down the DMCA law on those who get too "hack" happy with their hardware. Is this their offer of good will? Perhaps, but it is a little late. > In most modern stock markets there is not tiered access. It seems if you are the broker and also trade for your own company, you would see your clients' orders before they go in. You can send in your order before theirs, thus creating a tiered access. I agree. The best thing about Java was the library ("One library to rule them all..."). The language was so, so, mainly a better C++ + GC. I never liked it, but Swing, threading, BigInteger, AWT, man! coming from C++ it was a boon. The next thing I moved to Python, there I found the library and the language fun to use. Now I am starting to look back at JVM because of Scala and Clojure. Hehe. We picked up the car of our gym teacher and "nudged" it over between two trees, such that there was no way of getting it out except for picking it up and moving again;-) Ah the good old days... I don't either. It seems there is a strange rift between academic AI research and game AI research. Try "ai planning" search on Google scholar: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=ai+planning&hl=en... > (top1: IM/Chat, 2: Graphics Editor, 3: Putty/Shell, bottom 4: FTP/Explorer, 5: Text Editor, 6: Browsers). The mental cost of task switching probably takes a larger toll than Alt-Tab-ing. > She practically kicked me out of bed and told me to find my 6-LCD X-Mas gift. ;-) Probably because you kept whinning and talking about it and she got tired of it. > I've always been anti-laptops because come on, how can you even compare a 3 or 6-LCD setup to a laptop with a tiny screen, tiny keyboard, and crappy batteries. I am also in general anti-laptops but for a different reason -- keyboards. As long as I can fit 2 80 column code windows in my emacs I can work fine, but not if the keyboard is crappy. That is why I spent a little extra and got a thinkpad -- it has one of the best keyboards and an integrated trackpoint (nipple) mouse. Between that and using emacs I don't have to lift my hands from the keyboard at all. The other way to do is to pass general 'catch-all' laws. Something like the 'obstruction of justice', or 'looking suspicious'. Combine that with total surveilance and selective enforcement and you have a perfect police state. It gives the state the power to come and arrest you at any time, for any reason, as they will probably find something in your history to convict you of. Yes, most of the time they won't bother, just like insurance companies won't bother checking your illness history for discrepancies, until you become 'inconvinient' to them then they can find any reason to arrest (or deny coverage in case of insurance companies). In general, as applied to any institution, the rule is to make complicated processes and regulations, such that any particular individual the institution controls, has a very high chance of breaking some of them. That makes it very easy to selectively enforce laws and the institution can choose to enforce based on any reason, legal or not, since there is always a legal 'cover' -- the 'official' broken rule (law). EDIT: changed "rate" to "chance" in last paragraph Google hiring process has some of this as well. You get to take their personality test and then they send you some messages via the email. I replied but it turns out I was talking to an email bot. It was kind of dissapointing. Besides that, humans have probably evolved to run through grass, mud and sand, I am not sure that running on concrete or broken glass (in the city) would work as well. > It's our sense of mission and purpose in the world. It's something that nobody else has. Only we have it because it's in our cultural fabric. Really, you believe that stuff? That sounds like some kind of propaganda or something you would tell a child. Do you think the Chinese tell each other "We have no purpose in the world, we are a silly nation, we'll never amount to anything."? On the contrary! Yes, we are what we are because of culture, but mostly because we won WWII, and happened to have lots of nukes, tanks, ships. But I understand that their soles are very thin, thus they still don't protect against the impact when running on a concrete sidewalk. I wasn't talking about the heel strike, it is understood that this is about barefoot running. So the strike is on the ball of the foot. I was just saying that even striking the ball of the foot many times against concrete is a lot harder on the feet than doing the same on grass, mud, or sand. The idea behind barefoot running is revert to the conditions for which the human leg has been adapting to for many thousands of years. My argument was that perhaps we haven't yet adopted to very hard surfaces, such as asphalt or concrete sidewalks ... So are there any laptops completely manufactured in US? At least such parts as hard drives, CPUs, motherboards, keyboards, displays... It is interesting the approach taken in US vs Europe. Europe is taking more of precautionary approach, they are at least doing more research, they seem more skeptical. In US worrying about cellphone radiation is considered "conspiratorial" for some reason. Are these flak groups sponsored by large wireless telecom carriers? I observed the same thing in regard to food and additives. FDA seems to need strong irrefutable proof of toxicity before they would ban an additive, Europeans seem to take more of a precautionary approach -- if the additive is thought to be harmful, they will be banned. Is it just me or have others noticed the same? You might find this interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electromagnetic_radiation_and_h... Basically, there are some studies that indicate that prolonged exposure to EM radiation has carcinogenic effects. Which is what the article is about. It is not understood, but I can see why many feel worried. People tend not to like being guinea pigs. It seems, they be the ones demonstrating beyond any doubt that EM radiation is perfectly safe? Which is why more studies are need, especially long term. What is lacking is long term studies. That is essentially what the doctor in the article notices. The same is true for food additives. How many companies do you think conduct 20 year long studies on chemicals that mimic hormones? Pumping rabbits and mice with massive dosages might not be the same as a long term exposure to very small doses. Note: they only need to have the appearance of encryption and security. When they get investigated, they can always blurt out a list of jargon word technologies they use and thus they can prove to a majority if people that they are indeed "secure". And by majority here, I mean mostly judges, attorneys and the media. Yes, this is the same "security theater" that TSA is engaged in. For example, let's say you are the customer, and someone gains access to AmEx's database of hashed passwords. All passwords are 8 characters long, so after a quick brute and dictionary attack, almost all of the accounts are cracked. Now, you along with all the customers get together and launch and class-action lawsuit. AmEx will only have to blurt out that they use: "RSA", "DSA", "128bit Encryption", "Monitoring" + many other security related jargon and that will be enough to get them of the hook. That's all AmEx needs to do. They don't have to secure your data or personal information, they only have too fool most people in case of a lawsuit that they tried to secure the information. If they have that covered, they are all set. Because almost nobody (except for HNers probably) includes security policies as the critical discriminant when shopping for credit cards, AmEx, Visa, MC and Discover others, don't really have to bother implementing any real security. > The United States constitution forbids anything like the war crimes court. Except that we don't have the problem with ICC when it benefits us. If they rule against our interest we declare "that doesn't apply to us." Well, fine then, Germany should have declared "Nuremberd trials don't apply to us", Serbia should have said "Milosevic's trial doesn't apply to us." and so on. The reason ICC exists it so enforce human rights abuses and crimes against humanity. These are perpetraited by terrorist states that use fear and intimidation around the world without any regard to human life. It seems to me there is a need for ICC today just like there was a need for it after WWII. > What gave her the idea that being a tenured professor is better than a founder of a successful startup? The same thing that gives HNers idea that starting a startup is better than being a tenure professor -- personal choice and personal set of goals and motivations. My first encounter with a CS "forefather" was my CS101 professor. He had a long gray beard , glasses, a pocket protector and could do mental arithmetic in octal. When he started in CS there was no CS, so he was a logician, and then switched to CS. The oldest professor from the philosophy department still refers to him as a "traitor" But there is the other side: schools have less restraint on raising tuition. If the government is giving out loans like candy, schools don't mind hiking the tuition higher and higher every year (well beyond the level of inflation). I noticed that with my school. I was in graduate and under-graduate school at the same university. I was there for 7 years. The tuition kept going up at an enormous pace and the school just stared building stadiums, shopping areas, recreation centers and other seemingly useless stuff. Incoming students and their parents had to take higher and higher loans. I graduated without any loans and we payed my wife's loans in 2 years but that is definetly not the norm. Producing graduates that are enslaved to paying back giant loans makes less able to competitively choose work places (they can't quit a job they don't like as easily because they have to keep paying another, rather large monthly bill). But I also like to say "You can tell a worker by his tools". The choice of tools and how they are used tell a lot about the workman ( a programmer in particular ). - Do they use source control ? - Do they use unit tests ? - What kind of language + environment do they use ? - Do they have strong opinions about deficiencies of other tools, that they specifically refuse to use? (this shows experience perhaps). I can't even imagine the legal repercussions of giant robotic trucks killing motorists. I would be cheaper to keep hiring drivers than paying tens and hundreds of millions for wrongful death suites. After enough accidents, many municipalities and states would prohibit such trucks, that would render them useless. Except that you will still be _laid off_ for any of those reasons but it would be masqueraded as some other convenient 'official' reason. "The cash is tight", "we are not growing", etc. Also, hopefully govt uses a better random number generator when encrypting their classified data ;-) Unless the courts take the approach that the school is 'in loco parentis' ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_loco_parentis ), that is they have similar rights to when the kids are under their supervision. They can claim that since laptops are not tracked via GPS so it is hard to know where the kids are (at home or at school). So they can just brush this off as an 'oops' or demand that all laptops have tracking chips in them. Or they can always blame the sysadmin and just say "we told him to spy only when kids are at school, but he goofed off, so we'll just fire him" basically scapegoating one person. Now I am not defending them, as this is a completely outrageous violation of so many rights. I am just thinking of what lies they might use in court to justify this. Well you obviously need to make a shell company then before starting ;-) It is pointless to seek professional responsibity among IT staff when the people who hired them don't have any. Anyone having responsability wouldn't have lasted there anyway. Was there. One of the best PyCons so far. > birthplace of the constition! home of the Liberty Bell! -- imagine what countries like Libya or Nicaragua will try to do One of the major reasons countries like Nicaragua are what they are is because the country born in the "suburbs outside Philadelphia -- birthplace of constitution" has been sponsoring corrupt dictators there under the disguise of some "war on drugs" or "war on communism". No this is not a diversion of topic. The illusion (I think delusion) of liberty, equality, rule of law is just that -- an illusion. Police, NSA, CIA have long had the ability to spy on US citizen without any warrants. Our beloved President personally voted to provide immunity to the telecom companies that just handed our privacy on a silver platter to NSA, CIA and anyone who asked for it (Choicepoint & friends). Then we turn around and are just "shocked" that a school would pick up the cue from its big brother and run with it. They are probably thinking: if the government is going to "protect" its citizens by spying on them, we will "protect" our children even more by spying on them harder! I think we are missing the point. We should be hacking the law not the technology. This should not be about smearing butter on your camera, but rather about suing their asses into oblivion, firing them, getting this on the news. How about some smacking them with some "zero tolerance policy" -- a taste of their own medicine. When you think from the institutional point of view, this system of spying and control mirrors system of spying and control the government is using. I don't think there will be a well publicized smackdown, lest other citizens start questioning government's own spying and warrant-less wiretapping. Just so we don't forget, Obama voted to give telecoms, which handed our privacy to anyone who asked for it, immunity. http://www.alternet.org/module/printversion/90990 Why are we so surprised when a school takes a cue from its "big brother" and starts spying on its students so blatantly? Obama "protects" us from "terrorism" by spying on us, and the school has to "protect" the students from "thieves" by spying on them, makes sense right? Sorry I had to downvote, not because I don't like the ingenuity of your idea (that's what I would have done if I was in that high-school and 20 years younger), but I think we should be hacking the law and the media's response in this case, instead of sticking tape on laptops' cameras. There should be more shock and anger about this, and if there isn't that fact should also be a reason for shock and anger. His rational superiors should obviously start scapegoating him by now to divert attention and blame. Their strategy at this point should be to paint this guy as a deranged, power hungry nerd who took matters into his own hands. They should fire him immediately. (I am not saying whether it is his fault or someone above him ordered it, but I am assuming his superiors are soulless bastards who can hire expensive attorneys. He might be just as bad, but he cannot hire lawyers and PR firms). When the laptop is at home, just charge the battery to 50% then remove it so it works only from the plug. I don't move my laptop as much as I did before and I noticed that I get much better battery lives than my friends who continuously keep their laptop plugged in and with the battery attached. Yes, that's what I think. Google seems to emphasize diversity and thinking outside the box (well at least from what I can see through the PR window and personal stories). I think having one language do everything is not feasible. Some languages are good for system programming and are good for performance computing (I use C), some are good for what is not performance critical but are more concise and clear (I use Python for that). Go wants to do both, but from what I see in their benchmarks it is the worst of both worlds. I want it to be as fast as C, but even then I'll still fall back on Python probably for clarity and concision. So ideally I would want Python to be as fast as C -- not going to happen anytime soon. What a company should promote is a common protocol for encoding and transmitting data i.e. protobuf -- that is a much better thing to have than looking for one perfect language that does it all. Allegedly Thinkpads have that. But I run Ubuntu on mine so I don't have access to the fancy bios setting utilities from Lenovo. I just snap the battery out. That seems to work for me. I looked at D. But it is lacking good "batteries" -- standard libraries (Phobos? Tango?). For a language to be useful it has to have a very good standard library. Preferable one good standard library. That is probably the main reason why Python and Java became popular. I picked Python over Ruby because it had a better standard library. Using Java after years of using C++ with various standard and not-so-standard libraries, was a breath of fresh air. I liked D as a language, but I didn't like its librar(y|ies) so I discarded it. > unless the lack of parking is compensated for by having an excellent public transit system. That is the key. If public transit system was destroyed or never developed a city would have to either build parking facilities or build a public transit system. It all comes down to these questions: - "How do we expect people to get downtown?" - "How do we expect people to get around downtown?" The approach a city takes will mostly answer these questions. If nobody lives downtown and they have to commute from distant suburbs, it could make sense in the short term to start building parking spaces. The city is eventually transformed into an "office city". Everything closes down at 5. It is hard to even move around the city, so office workers would just go to lunch some place nearby their office, then quickly get in their cars and escape to the suburbs. That is not a city that I would like to live near or go to. But that is what a lot of American cities have become. If many people live downtown or near downtown area, then it makes sense to invest in a public transit system. This also helps people move around the city. It opens an opportunity for evening, and weekend businesses, for entertainment and tourism. This is also a chicken and egg problem. A city could decide to encourage building residential areas downtown to attract different segments of populations there. But that is a long term solution. It takes many years to revitalize a downtown neighborhood, especially if it is a high crime area, has a lot of abandoned buildings, and most of all, a bad reputation. > Just imagine what kind of tow this will be on morale of other operatives. Oh poor Mossad, how will it ever manage now... They just assassinated a person in another country, in cold blood, using passports from countries they are supposedly allies with. The main problem with that, is of course, the "morale" of the Mossad agents. Just like the the morale of a suspect charged with first degree murder should be the biggest concern of everyone involved. Oh, let's cut the fud. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/02... From Associated Press (link is to Washington Post): "Israel's parliamentary opposition leader on Tuesday praised the assassination of a Hamas commander in Dubai last month" Let's think about it. This definetly caused a diplomatic blow to Israel. If they indeed didn't do it, they would have revved up their propaganda machine to the maximum denying everything. They are not, they are praising it. At this point arguing if Israel did or not is a little silly I think. Alright, here is a better 'morality guide': Assassinating someone is a crime. > The US has assassinated A LOT of al Qaeda and Taliban members in the "war on terror", I don't like the "if we do it, it's ok" ethics though. So if US does and does it A LOT (sic) then it's ok? Try listening to internet radio. If you hear a song you like, look up the artist and buy the album. My favorite station is: http://somafm.com . If you like electronic music also try http://www.philosomatika.com . Check out archive.org's live music archive: http://www.archive.org/details/etree . For classical music: http://theclassicalstation.org I think it goes beyond pure numbers when dealing with a small business. There are personal relationships at stake. Overestimating the price risks alienating regular customers and that could kill a small business. My mom is over 2000 miles away and she's had Ubuntu for over 3 years now. It has been really easy to administer and help her use it. Every time I visit I upgrade the version of Ubuntu and make sure that networking works reliably, after that anything can be done remotely. She is quite comfortable with it. What was interesting is that this is the first computer she has really used. Most people I know started on Mac or Windows then saw Linux. She is the only person I know that started on Ubuntu. For emergencies I keep extra boot-able OS partitions including the original Windows XP that came with the machine. When I show it to her she thinks Windows is not very easy to use and looks clunky. That always make me laugh. Imagine having a best friend like you had when you were 5. You could play in the tree house, play video games all day, build stuff, ride bikes all across town, stay over their house, do everything together, talk about anything, once in a while have fights and arguments but then make up. Well it's kind of like that even when you are grown up. The way the society is structured might help develop these friendships or might prevent them. For example, were I was growing up (in ex Soviet Union), the school was structured such that you could end up being in the same class with mostly the same people for 12 years. Not just the same school -- but the same class. So if you never move (more on that later), you would end up knowing the same 30 people very well. One or two of them might become your good friends. Now school is just one factor, the other is how transient people are. It used to be that people would be born, grow up and live most of their lives in one city. That means you probably will still have your fiends from since you were 5 living in the same city. In some countries, people move more, mostly because of jobs I guess. It is very hard to form deep friendships when you are moving every 4 years. Yes, you have many acquaintances but not too many friends. I thought about this quite a bit. By now I lived half of my life in the "old world" and half in US. I can still skype, chat and email back and forth with my childhood buddies, but it is just not the same. I think good friendships need real face to face contact. I am making friends at work, but there is always an apprehension and competitiveness involved. They'll never be the same kind of friends I had growing up. Or maybe I became a different kind of person (too apprehensive, too withdrawn) that nobody would want to be best friends with ...? > The insights into Japanese company-culture are fascinating. For me, the most fascinating part about the Japanese society is the pastiche of mannerisms, catchphrases, and behaviors -- all copied from somewhere and never coming from an individual. There is a constant checking and double-checking that one is acting accordingly. These clues, on how to act, what to say, how to say it and when, are provided by tradition (easy defaults), television show hosts, celebrities, everything and anything external except from within. At first it might seem that yelling something is a subjective show of raw, emotions, something very personal and unique, a show of anger or excitement, but in reality it is just a formula that is repeated many times, probably accompanied by a total inner apathy. > From what I've read, and from the few movies I've seen that deal with Japanese culture, it _does_ seem like there's something about it that forces an distance between people that is hard to bridge. It seems that both parties know they are participating in a formality theater but nobody wants to be the first to say "ah, fuck it, this is ridiculous". Because of this drinking and participation in drinking if _very_ important. That is the only time when formality is allowed to be suspended and some semblance of real thoughts and feeling come out. It is the only time when you might find out what your perspective client really thinks about your product, or how loyal your employee really is. It's very irrational as when they fly on an airplane it is the computer that flies the plane most of the way. (Perhaps I naively think that even a computer illiterate person knows about the use of autopilots). On the other hand, their other experience with "computers" has been seeing blue screens of death and having to reboot to "fix it". But perhaps because of this, Toyota has to engage heavily in perception management. Even if they identify a software problem, they would love to blame it one a 'floor mat' as that makes it clear and predictable in people's minds ("oh it's just a floor mat, I understand that") as opposed to saying it is some electronic brain that is damaged that decides randomly to take over and kill drivers. > 1) Why is this not on the motherboard or chipset level? It depends on the particular design. If ethernet is provided by a separate chip, then the motherboard manufacturer doesn't have to be "in" on the whole affair. During final assembly the keyboard output is spliced through this special board then plugged into the ethernet chip. However, if ethernet is completely integrated into the chipset, then this is probably already provided and we just haven't noticed it. > 2) Why is this not backed up with TCPDUMPs of the call-home? Because that would be a very bad design. It would completely blow the whole thing out of water. If someone designed it that way at the NSA, they should be fired immediately for incompetence. What should happen is that this capability should be turned on selectively upon receiving a specific "wake-surveillance-up" packet or even better a specific timed sequence of regular packets (sort of a secret knock code using ethernet frames). Even better they should be able to access this wirelessly as well and perhaps use some of the wires as antennas. > 3) Source? Receipt of the computer/manufacturer/model? New or used purchase? Now that would be interesting. Unless, of course, this story in an of itself is released by someone planning to integrate such devices and they just want to gauge public's response and see how this story spreads and who is concerned and who isn't. But I'm moving into 'tin foil hat area' here. > 4) Storing e-mails transmitted over the wire has nothing to do with keyloggers, just FUD. Agree. > I also wonder about the feasibility of sending traffic that can be routed meaningfully at the data link layer level. It was probably not designed to log and transmit data across a WAN (the Internet). It was probably designed to be used on a LAN. Whatever agency is meant to take advantage of this can probably get close enough to the victim's LAN switch without alerting them. Then they remotely turn on the surveillance capability by sending a specific frame or a specific patterns of regular ethernet frames. The device starts logging and/or transmitting the keys back to the switch. As a bonus, the wire that connects the little board to the ethernet board might also function as an antenna for wireless access. One of the shortest most insightful comments of the day. > You just have to know where to look ( http://www.cliki.net ) and how to manage them. I would argue that if one needs to know where to look and how to manage them, then CL _is_ lacking in terms of libraries. One first has to know where to look and find a CL implementation then to know where to look and find batteries for it. Not showing the review would put users off. Users need instant feedback. "I wrote something -- it got posted in a second" If they had to wait a day or two, they would not use the site. The second idea of showing reviews but not counting the rating is better, but then after a while it seem these reviews should be garbage collected, which is apparently what happened. On the vendor's side, telling your users to post good reviews for discounts or for promotions is a bit like spamming I think. There is no good way to 100% detect spam like this, so there is always going to be controversy. Also, hopefully Yelp has enough lawyers if it operates in a country with loose libel/slander laws. > Because the punitive response to default makes even less sense. I always thought that banks don't care for punishing people per-se, as morality it not their business. It seems they just have an excuse to create some bogus losses to offset their gains on paper? Does that makes sense? In other words, they know that some of these debtors will never pay back so they start charging a high (say 35%) interest. All that accumulated "loss" can be written off against their gains for tax purposes. Does that make any sense or am I completely wrong? I admire Dr. Perelman for his work (even though I don't completely understand the proof), but most of all I admire him for his integrity. He withdrew from mathematics because he felt dishonesty was tolerated and he didn't want to be part of it. He refers to Shing-Tung Yau of course: "I can't say I'm outraged. Other people do worse. Of course, there are many mathematicians who are more or less honest. But almost all of them are conformists. They are more or less honest, but they tolerate those who are not honest." ( from "Manifold Destiny", New Yorker, Aug 28, 2006: http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2006/08/28/060828fa_fact2?p... ) Ignorance only benefits the powerful. The judicial system can and will keep jurors ignorant about this, while a defendants cannot claim "ignorance of the law" as a defense in their case. If you sneak over the border, wouldn't you just want to stay in Canada rather than go all the way to Alaska?. I think nuclear ICBM and MAD (Mutually Assured Destruction) is where it's at when it comes to large nation vs. nation conflicts. That is the reason Iran and North Korea want to desperately and at all cost join the nuclear club. Then they force a whole new approach to external politics on the world. India is in the nuclear club. Now they are just working on better (more reliable) delivery mechanisms of those warheads. Now when it comes to asymmetrical warfare, reliable ground human intelligence + drones with rockets are probably most effective. How many torpedoes or cruise missiles would take to drown super-carrier? Shhh! Don't let Indians & Russians now. Let them keep spending their defense budgets on supersonic cruise missiles. > If the hearts of a population are not with you, sending a military in is just barbaric. Most countries that have been conquered were not conquered by love or friendship but by barbaric brutality. Not saying I approve, I don't. It is just what usually happens. One would just take over the hospitals, water treatment plants, power plants and news stations. Then see how long people are going to stay on their roofs with their rifles. I am guessing not too long. "Live free or die" is a good slogan. But most people would buckle and sell their country for a hot egg McMuffin if they haven't eaten in a week. Why is this downvoted? It is a valid question. If we spend hundreds of millions of dollars on something that can be taken down by one torpedo, we are doing something wrong. In a full blown WWIII, it would be worth wasting a couple of nuclear torpedoes to drawn some super carriers loaded with very expensive and vulnerable equipment. One such torpedo was almost lunched during the Cuban missile crisis. We should probably be grateful for this guy ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasiliy_Arkhipov ) for stopping WWIII. But you would say the same thing if you worked for the Indian dis-information service ;-) Interesting. Why did you assume Afghanistan? I had America in mind... It is much harder to take over a country where everyone is already self-sufficient. It would be hard to take over Africa, as many villages are more or less self sufficient. They are not doing great but they can survive without a Starbucks. The same in Afghanistan. If someone has a herd of goats, a well, and the ability to grow some edible plants, they might be alright and will keep fighting. Now try shutting down power, water, hospitals and grocery stores in US and see what happens. The most advanced a society is, the more dependent the people are dependent on multiple layers of private and governmental services. And I guess, that makes them in a certain way more vulnerable. (How did I even think of this? I witnessed what happened when there was a large power outage in Ohio last year). > I suspect even Americans who live in relative luxury and have all the above would fight to the death aginst (say) Chinese soldiers patrolling their cities. I think you have a very optimistic view of our fellow Americans. I saw them get desperate when they couldn't take a shower for 2 weeks. Another 2-3 month and many would have pledged allegiance to the first country providing hot showers and hot egg mcmuffins. Because they have been brain washed. The few who make $200k have to keep feeding lies and propaganda to lots of stupid idiots who will never make $200k so they can do their bidding for them. So they can go to "Tea Parties" and town hall meetings and foam at the mouth against (or for) a bill they haven't even read. It is completely baffling me that people who would benefit most from a public options are against it. I understand why Donald Trump or any other billionaire would be against, but why are people on the verge of poverty, who are rabidly opposed to free health-care. I tip my hat to Lippmann and Bernays. Propaganda can really create wonders (or horrors depending on which side you are on). What is most scary about America (at least to me personally) is the amount of of people that are so easy to control and manipulate. Too late. Health insurance companies have just increased their premiums by at least 20%. And the bill hasn't passed yet. 0ur company will start taking salary pay cuts starting next month based on this. > This bill is gonna cost 2-5X what they say, and is gonna bankrupt small/medium companies. The health insurance companies raised the premiums even without the bill passing. Blame them. Don't blame the bill. If they can't stay solvent, then fuck them, let them be taken over by the government just like the banks, or even better let them go bankrupt. As inefficient as the government is, at least voters can have some control over the government, as of now voters have not control over the health insurance companies. If other countries can provide better health care, at lower total cost, with better coverage and have better over-wall health and life expectancy, so can we. So far, this whole health bill debacle has demonstrated 2 things to me: 1) our legal system is corrupt and 2) a large swath of our people are brainwashed and easily controlled by fear and propaganda. 2) is the expected result of a declining and failing education system. > If you lose your job, you're out. The corollary to that is that if you are 'too sick' then a reason to fire or lay you off will be found. So, in those terms, "if you have anything serious like cancer, then you don't really have health insurance". Once they took the public option out. I stopped following. Yes, the foaming at the mouth Tea Baggers already won. This will be a flaming red herring for generations to come. Expect lobbyist, PR firm workers and paid town hall agitators everywhere to get nice bonuses at the end of the year. Not until 2014 apparently. Here are some highlights of highlights for HNers from from Reuters ( http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSN1914020220100319 ) This year: - Insurance companies will be barred from dropping people from coverage when they get sick. Lifetime coverage limits will be eliminated and annual limits are to be restricted. - Insurers will be barred from excluding children for coverage because of pre-existing conditions. - Uninsured adults with a pre-existing conditions will be able to obtain health coverage through a new program that will expire once new insurance exchanges begin operating in 2014. - A tax credit becomes available for some small businesses to help provide coverage for workers. In 2011: - Employers are required to disclose the value of health benefits on employees' W-2 tax forms. - An annual fee is imposed on pharmaceutical companies according to market share. The fee does not apply to companies with sales of $5 million or less. In 2013: - The threshold for claiming medical expenses on itemized tax returns is raised to 10 percent from 7.5 percent of income. The threshold remains at 7.5 percent for the elderly through 2016. - A 2.9 percent excise tax in imposed on the sale of medical devices. Anything generally purchased at the retail level by the public is excluded from the tax. In 2014: - State health insurance exchanges for small businesses and individuals open. - Most people will be required to obtain health insurance coverage or pay a fine if they don't. Health-care tax credits become available to help people with incomes up to 400 percent of poverty purchase coverage on the exchange. - Health plans no longer can exclude people from coverage due to pre-existing conditions. - Employers with 50 or more workers who do not offer coverage face a fine of $2,000 for each employee if any worker receives subsidized insurance on the exchange. The first 30 employees aren't counted for the fine. - Health insurance companies begin paying a fee based on their market share. In 2018: - An excise tax on high cost employer-provided plans is imposed. The first $27,500 of a family plan and $10,200 for individual coverage is exempt from the tax. Higher levels are set for plans covering retirees and people in high risk professions. > found it was much faster than python and ruby. But it seems that Haskell, because of static type checking and compilation should compete against C, C++ and Java in terms of speed. Because if it is competing against Python, I'll just always use Python when I need to get things done. That's what I do. I persist python objects into s-expressions using a c-extension module then parse and un-persist data back to python on the other side. Everyone asks me why I don't just switch to JSON. Well I might one day, I just like S-expression for now and the parser is very small, fast and was easy to implement. I even have references (like Yaml) to persist arbitrary object graphs. Perhaps using grep to match anything and thus output the whole file? grep '.*' file Because they are root and those are just files. Perhaps they need to alias rm to 'rm -I' (-I : prompt once before removal)? I remember one of the MandrakeLinux versions had that enabled by default many years ago. It saved me a couple of times when I was still a Unix noobie. Perhaps just use shells with more builtin commands? Something like busybox. So if you ever do rm -rf * and don't close your shell you still have all the basic utilities available. One reason is debuggability. Being able to see exactly what is persisted and what goes over the wire. Pickles can drag in arbitrarily large object graphs if you are not careful and they are not completely safe from the security point of view. However, the other reason (the original reason peraps) is that we have some C processes that listen and interpret s-expressions. There were there before Python, so we already had an s-expression library for them. Then our Python processes had to talk to the C so I implemented Python object persistence on top of the existing s-expressions. Now we use it even between Python processes. Well perhaps one day we'll just switch to json, yaml or protobufs. But we haven't decided which one yet. I do find it interesting that nobody even mentions s-expression these day when there compare various persistence mechanism. I guess lisp and parantheses have stopped being cool? > like banning negotiation with the pirates and penalising anyone who pays a ransom. I wouldn't want to be in a captured ship when this law goes into effect. I wonder though if some of these shipping companies can hire private security firms to protect them? I would guess that commercial vessels cannot have military on them in order to have access to other countries' ports, but the private security can just disembark before going to national waters. So here is a business proposal then. Lease a large enough vessel. Hire a bunch of guys with guns. Latest and greatest millitary equipment. Add some deterence devices ( high powered water jets, stink bombs, directed microwave radiation, regular firearms). Then escort and embark on commercial vessels when they are in international waters. Charge by the hour and world region. Provide security. Before the commercial vessel sails into its destination port, disembark and wait in international waters to escort the next vessel out to another destination. Would that work? He has abandonded mathematics. I don't know what he works on now. Currently he mentions that he has everything he wants and doesn't want to be paraded like an animal in the zoo for everyone to see. He doesn't want money and honors. What has alienated him from mathematics is others dishonesty. Read the "Manifold Destiny" article from New Yorker by Sylvia Nasar and David Gruber ( http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2006/08/28/060828fa_fact2 ). In there you'll find a reference to Shing-Tung Yau. Quote from the article: As for Yau, Perelman said, “I can’t say I’m outraged. Other people do worse. Of course, there are many mathematicians who are more or less honest. But almost all of them are conformists. They are more or less honest, but they tolerate those who are not honest.” I never thought of it that way. But that is certainly a interesting angle to it. He might be puting himself and his mom in danger if others thought he has a $1m. Anyone in Russia who has that kind of money also has body guards and private mansions with tall electrified fences. It is interesting that the dumping angle is not much discussed in the mainstream media. I was aware of it, I just didn't know it is that bad. I guess nobody looks at it from their point of view. Also, the pirates don't really have a handy PR agency to promote their point. At the same time, I wonder if they use the 'dumping' as an excuse to pirate. Pirating is dangerous but it is also quite profitable. They take over un-armed ships, hold them for a couple of months, then millions of dollars land in their lap. It is certainly more profitable than fishing or growing things. > Those loyal to truth are often the enemy of all. And lately especially of the US govt. Our govt. holds secrecy of classified information above morality. I am sure CIA and other such agencies have blood on their hands, and they have done many morally questionable things in the name of 'national interest'. For them morality is only manifested as legal limits -- the amount of stuff they can get away before being found legaly guilty of something. This means two things, they will try to influence the legislative branch to widen up the laws so they can have more 'freedom' (this happened after 9/11, Patriot Act, torture laws etc)., but it also means that they will do things that are clearly illegal if they are sure these things will never be publically released or opened. I think we are dealing with the later -- as set of things that will be hidden forever but un-exectedly got out. Wikileaks breaks govt.'s modus operandi. At some point there will be a person working for them that will hold morility above their freedom, and professional duty ( and /put tin foil hat on possibly their life). In the past it was much easier to handle and contain such leaks, this becomes much harder with the wikileaks infrastructure. I am not defending the government here. The truth should and will come out. I just hope wikileaks people know what they are doing and know how to protect their sources. If they compramise their whistleblowers somehow, they will lose credibility. EDIT (type): second paragraph, 'about' changed to 'above' I was thinking more of 'we just bombed 50 civilians in Afghanistan and we are very sorry.' kind of information. Or 'we have captured someone in Albania today, flew him to Latvia to get tortured, but it turns out it was the wrong guy. We have let him go and we are very sorry. Our government will pay him some restitution for the harm caused.'. Then our citizens will start to ask questions. 'How come our government is doing that?', 'Why not bring them to trial?', 'What about world court? should they hold the trial instead?', 'What are our tax dollars used for?' and other such discussions. I think a lot of this information will not compromise national security, but it is compromising our image internationally. And I think that is why it is hidden. It is shameful and wrong. Not because it can be used to launch rockets or crack our cyber-security. I believe NYT will stay away from such articles. What would happen is, they will call CIA first to verify the authenticity. Then CIA will threaten them and will claim this is 'classified' and if they don't immediately turn it over, heads will roll, hard drives will be shredded, offices will be closed for an indefinite time for investigation and so on. NYT will not touch this stuff with a ten foot pole. From a more general perspective. Large news media outlets have very close and 'cosy' relationship with the government. They treasure that relationship as that gets them quick and timely access to government related news releases. That is just news that writes itself. Whatever spews out the Department Of State goes straight to the viewers/reader. All news media outlets need to do is add advertisement on top. Being cut off from that, means spending serious time and money on investigative journalism. Flying people around the world to dangerous areas, spending months on finding good leads and researching. NYT will just not take that risk. Actually that is the most effective kind of hacking -- past an air gap between people not between a person and a machine connected by a wire. The most serious breaches of security are the ones done by insiders, agents and whistle-blowers, not by hacking a network or crypto protocol. This is not about spying on US callers. That was already known. This is most likely about murdering civilians in a botched air strike by CIA. CIA can and will shut a place down if they believe there is classified information there. I have heard of offices being raided and all hard drives shredded. But a country is. > Ultimately, there is a line which the US currently hasn't crossed If US government is killing civilians in various countries and is orchestrating arrests of minors, morally it is not really rising above China by much. Yeah, it is not sending 'guidelines' to the media, because there are other methods of influencing what gets published and what doesn't -- namely intimidation of journalists and sources, appeals to the owners of media corporations and so on. > Additionally what scares them is the handing out of classified material; Well what kind of classified material? Yes, if these are nuclear launch codes, or frequency hopping codes of military radios, they would have a valid reason to detect the source of the leak. I think most of us and most US citizens would agree with the government doing that. But these are videos of slaughtering of civilians. At this point, the CIA should be appologizing and not running around arresting and following people. There are now showing their true face (well to the rest of us who didn't know it yet). > Whatever your feeling on whether it should be classified or not they have an obligation to reasonably mitigate information they consider secret. That is what I have a problem with -- "an obligation". Obligation to who? Government? Why should we have an obligation to them that trumps our moral sense of right and wrong? Luckily there is someone there, who is an actual human being, with a moral sense, that knows that killing innocent people is wrong no matter how many classification layers get slapped on top of it. That is why these leaks happened. Someone put their job, freedom (and life?) at risk because they felt that the "obligation to hide murder under the carpet" is wrong. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manufacturing_Consent:_The_Poli... Because as far the consumers of media are concerned, there is no difference -- they end up not getting the information. > Why should they trust wikileaks not to sell that information to other nations? I think in this case they realized the leak is probably from an insider. So the issue for them is not being able to trust their own people. Unfortunately whistle-blower laws and protections don't work for classified material. Whoever leaked this was either an agent working for another country or someone who had a strong moral sense of right and wrong. They most definitely put their job and freedom on the line. I would guess that they were morally motivated. Government agents and even CIA operatives and analysts are still human beings and (luckily) some of them hold basic human rights and moral values above agency's classification levels. > ... how deeply they have been penetrated, and this scares them. That is an interesting phrase because it assumes someone from outside penetrated them. I would guess it is just one of their employees. They don't necessarily plan on quitting or getting exposed, but rather they want to keep working but they are seeing this exposure as helping shed light and getting the record straight. With ultimate good results for US and the CIA. > Their reaction is understandable. Yes it is -- from their point of view. But I look at understanding their position as one would understand the position of a serial killer. There is some internal logic of course. But it is rather insane and wrong to the rest of the world. Given that US taxpayers are funding both the alleged killings of civilians and the cover-up, they should probably become aware of what's happening. One way to stay away from such controversies is to simply not commit things that would bring them about. So we'll supposedly see soon enough what this is all about. If it is just baseless hype from wikileaks, then they will lose all their credibility and will become as believable as a tabloid magazine. I've been using Linux on my desktop and servers for 10 years now too. I got my mom to use Ubuntu and and my wife. They both like. My mom likes the user interface, my wife likes that she can do online banking knowing that there is almost no malware, adware and other crap that sites can easily install in Linux. So that adds 3 more people to HIS alternative universe. I say, let's have another HN OS poll to see how many alternate universes there are, and which one is bigger. Ditto for my mom. She would not trade her Ubuntu OS for anything else. I showed her Mac OS X and Windows Vista and she said they are both hard to use and confusing for her. She has been using Ubuntu for 4 years now. Granted, I administer it for her remotely. But she goes online, reads email, chats, uses Skype, and so on. > If you assume that it's just British rule, that assumes that it's random. That is a very insightful point. That single sentence severely weakens grandparent's argument -- the un-stated assumption that the British rolled a die, and randomly picked among a set of uniformly desolate and completely undeveloped countries in order to colonize them. > On the other hand base 2 should've been confusing average Joe for a long time now Base 2 became not just confusing but seemingly 'fraudulent' when it comes to buying terabyte sized storage media. A user would expect to get 1TiB but is actually getting 1TB. 1TB = 1000^4 = 1000000000000B 1TiB = 1024^4 = 1099511627776B That is quite a bit of a difference. Am I the only computer geek who thinks that base 10 is more logical and consistent? If a byte (1B) is considered a unit, then 1KB should be 1000B, 1MB=1000^2B, 1GB=1000^3B, 1TB=1000^4B and so on? Bingo! The way to be a successful day trader is to: 1) Make other believe you are a succesfull trader (just use lots of technical mumbo jumpo and a trading platform with a black background with lot and lots of bright colored graphs, lines and abbreviations that nobody, including you understands) 2) Sell subscription for others to "virtually" look over you shoulder. 3) Profit Maybe I should sell subscription for others to "virtually" look over my shoulder while I program. I use emacs with a dark colored background and bright text, so there'll be plenty colorful "technical" looking crap to look at. Besides, I talk out loud to myself, so subscribers get to listen my grunts, exclamations of excitement and swearing ($10/hour more for audio streaming?) Or maybe not, they'll just make fun of my segfaults and how untidy my APIs are... Cheers! It is always to nice to find a fellow geek who likes Aphex Twin. I think he meant fuzzy logic derived from fuzzy set theory. It was pioneered by Lotfi Zadeh. It has gained more ground in Japan than the rest of the world. Here is the wiki on it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuzzy_logic I have noticed this while driving on interstates in a low traffic density areas. Often there will be a group of cars maintaining a similar speed and driving fairly close to each other. Sometime I notice cars following me, sometimes I catch myself following others without deliberately thinking of it. I could guess a couple of reasons why this happens: 1) Hiding from a speed radar behind other cars. I often see a group form if a fast car passes a group of slower cars, some slower moving vehicle will speed up and follow the leader matching its speed. 2) It is easier to drive if you focus on following something. It defers some decisions (such as choice of speed, lane) to that car. Perhaps it takes less mental energy to follow something than to drive on open road perhaps. 3) Humans are social mammals that like to follow a leader. Such quick groups of leader+followers quickly appear and disappear while traveling on the road just based basic mammal herding behavior. 2,3 might apply to crowds as well. > We're a small team, RHAT had 20 people working on this. They should have realized they already failed when they allocated 20 people just do work on the protocol specification. This is another example of a design by committee done by a large enterprise vendor and how it results in a a bloated, inefficient and overly complicated specification. All 20 people feel the need to justify their time by adding more crap and features to the design. Usually no matter how simple or complicated the actual protocol needs to be, its specification will always be proportional to the number of people * time assigned to work on it. I think they were not doing this to offend you. They don't even know this is an offensive gesture. In US the idea of of feet on the table might seem rude and unsanitary but it is not considered as an offensive gesture (like say, giving someone the middle finger). > I lost respect for him that day. Unsurprisingly, he was an asshole of a professor too. Hmm. Why do you say 'unsurprisingly'? Did you assume that he did it on purpose? If he did, then yes he is a douche bag, but I doubt he did it on purpose. Then your logic breaks down. The fact that he likes to put his feet on the table is independent of the fact that he is an asshole. And when you say you immediately "lost respect", that probably means you started to act towards him disrespectfully, and he was probably thinking "What a rude student, he is such an asshole. I don't understand why he acts like that towards me?" So to you he ended up being an asshole you probably seemed just as rude to him, all because he put his feet on the table and you mis-understood the gesture. I think your university should have had some kind of cultural orientation for incoming international students to let them know that some gestures they find terribly insulting are just the norm. There is little hope the majority will change to your particular culture's sensibilities. I speak from experience, I lived half of my life in another country with different customs. There was some cultural orientation at the university, but there were also a lot of embarrassments and misunderstandings on both sides. I wish I had more silly little pointers and tips at the orientation rather than overgeneralized stuff like 'be prepared for new experiences and new things' -- instead something like this would be nice: "Americans feel strongly about their personal space. Stay the fuck away at an arm's length! Otherwise you creep them out" -- stuff like that. > Assholes are kiss up, kick down people. I agree. No matter how 'nice' someone else claims this guy to be, if he was trying to make someone cry because they didn't know something during the interview, makes him a prick. That is is plain and simple bullying -- no better than a physically stronger kid beating all the weaker ones on the playground. The playground here is the interview process and he is the bully. > Everyone within a couple of miles must have heard the 30mm High Explosive shells detonating. The shooting has stopped by then. There was a long pause after the shooting and before the van arrived. Their fatal "mistake" was to assume Americans wouldn't shoot at a van that picked up an injured journalist to be taken to the hospital. > would guess that what made the van suspect was that it drove into the middle of a battle. Just to clarify things. Americans here are the invaders that _created_ the battle (both on a micro and macro scale). The children in the van were just going to school and their father wanted to save a man's life. Shells exploding around them is just business as usual. That is their country, their backyard. They didn't want it, they didn't drive "into" it. It came _to them_ on their way to school. > I think you should refrain from making judgements when you were not part of the particular social interaction. Why shouldn't I? You described the situation on HN and others will naturally comment on it. If you see that comments are off, then correct the description or clear up the misunderstanding. > it doesn't need the acceptance of that gesture in a culture to tell you it's offensive. You obviously do. Showing someone your foot is not offensive in American culture to the extent that giving them the finger is. In India it is. In India you'd get fired for putting your feet on the table towards your boss. In US you would get fired if you flicked off your boss. It looks like you are just as guilty of being close minded as you claim your professor is. > As for your unsubstantiated guess that I might have been rude -- I would put the odds very much against it as I was looking for a research assistantship at the time. Well but then what reason would a professor have to insult you based on that? In other words, you seem to have no plausable reason to behave rudely but neither does he. > And if you've been in grad school as a foreign student without funding, you know how desperately in need of it you are. Yes, I have been there. I sympathize with you on that. I ended up doing data entry for a university lab for $7/hour. That actually undermines his main point -- that he stuck to his "morals" and forgone the "large" hush money check at the end. If he was making enough to retire by his 30s then $16k wasn't that significant of an amount. That means the didn't really lose a lot so his "moral" stance is more symbolic, and not the tough financial decision that article might imply. > I wonder how many children get sent to college by dads like that. Given the amazing human capacity to rationalize everything, I would guess -- a lot. Consultants are often brought in order be blamed later. In the article, the development company could always try and blame BCG when their shareholders wonder how come $1B was wasted. By that time, the CEO of the development company would have left deploying his golden parachute, and BCG would have been able to somehow cover their legal ass with some small print on a back of their contract agreement. The problem is, his description of his morality crisis don't quite match with his actions. He did quit, but it was probably because everyone else saw the ship sinking and was jumping off. His $16k "sacrifice" at the end was not much if he claims he would have made enough to retire by 30s and just live off interest. So, yes, he had a bit some moral struggles, but it sounds like he managed to successfully "overcome" most of them via rationalizations. The blog post was written just to make himself feel better and to somehow turn not taking a little bit of hush money into a great moral victory. Perhaps his future employee will read how honest and devoted to the truth he is... Well he was my hero growing up so this is at least relevant to me. Just to put in perspective, Gagarin was _the_ superhero of every boy in ex-Soviet Union. It wasn't someone like Brittney Spears or Arnold Schwarzenegger. It was a real human being who flew into space. If you can discard all the communist propaganda and other party bullshit, it is pretty cool to have a real cosmonaut as your hero growing up instead of a fictional character or just an actor. Well you have information about the person including his name, perhaps hobbies, passwords from Google, Yahoo or other sites, which will provide them if they are fed some "terrorist threat, brown alert" mumbo-jumbo. In rest NSA and Choicepoint and help you on that front. Then you just start building a customized keyspace from that information. Include some common substitutions: letters for numbers, numbers for letters. If you have other passwords, look for general patterns. Some people use long passphrases, but they have a pattern or algorithm on how they build all their passphrases! There you just might need a human expert to take a look. In the end, yes, it is very difficult but it is still a lot better than plain brute-force. But yeah, I doubt Customs have the equipment or knowledge to do this. That is something that NSA would do. They would have access to the best tools. I can imagine there might be some kind of very constrained cooperation between them. "You send us a disk clone + personal info of the owner, and we'll try to send you back the cracked passphrase. You don't ask as questions how we got it, and you don't even mention that we got involved at all." > Moral autonomy - I think that means nobody can make him do the right thing? No, that is not what "moral autonomy" usually means. Jumping on the sarcasm bandwagon without fully understanding what exactly you are ridiculing, is a good way to discredit yourself and ending up looking foolish. Agreed. Ubuntu is no less cocky than Apple. I see Ubuntu as the "Apple" of the Linux world. And they have to be cocky if they want to make any breakthroughs or any real innovations. As another example, I have been running 10.04 beta for a while. At first I disagreed with their choice of moving all the window controls to the left, but now I am used it and actually like it better. I think it is more "efficient" as it usually minimizes my mouse movement. What is the point of this rambling? Ubuntu did something they thought was right, but wasn't popular initially. Eventually many people realized it is a better design choice. Apple (and GNOME in the Linux desktop world) have taken the same approach before. Sometimes it backfires but often it works well. > Are you left handed? No. The reason it is more efficient is because the mouse pointer usually hovers more around the left and upper edges of the windows. That is where all the most frequent menus live are and most often used toolbar buttons. You can think of it as the logical origin of the window. For example the 'File->Save As..." menu, the "File->Close" menu, the "Back & Home" buttons on the browser and so on. It would be an interesting HCI project to run a background statistics gatherer that would record mouse coordinates relative the window in focus. The only time I usually move the mouse to right is to scroll (but I personally use the mouse wheel for scrolling) and resize the window. But most of the time it hovers on the left side. Also, just because you hold the mouse in the right hand doesn't say anything where the cursor is on the screen. You would have to consider where the cursor already is when you want to close/minimize/maximize the window and how far you would have to "travel" with it. Another 2 things to consider: 1) Mouse travel might seem like a very small change, but the action of closing a window is very frequent. So a small change multiplied many times can add to quite a bit. 2) This ends up working even better for laptops since a trackpad already offers a fairly small working surface compared to the surface available for a desktop mouse. The shorter the distance the cursor moves, the less trackpad "strokes" one has to perform. EDIT: formatting & syntax That sounds a little too conspiratorial. However legally, it would somehow make sense. NSA probably already copies all the data it wants by tapping straight into the backbone connections via AT&T and other providers. NSA is more hidden from public scrutiny and doesn't have to worry much about those pesky little laws. CIA on the other hand, is more visible, might not have access to all of that technology as NSA, and is scrutinized a little more by the public. So they might choose a "smarter" approach than just brute-force copying everything. So legally I would guess that other parties (companies, other citizens) probably can spy on American citizens, and then sell the data back to the CIA. I am sure that is already going on as far as Choicepoint, for example, is concerned. So I would say, it would certainly make sense for them to somehow obtain data from Facebook. But was he also buying formaldehyde, rope, a shovel and was google-ing stuff like "how to dispose of a body" recently. > "True" weaponization of space would be putting orbital to surface or orbital-orbitcal weapon systems in orbit. Both have been going on for a long time. Russia has satellites in high orbit that carry nukes. Russia's very first step in WWIII, would be to detonate those nukes to create a huge EMP that would fry every unprotected electronic device in North America. It will also severely cripple the communication infrastructure. It will also be the first step because it can some without warning, as it only takes a couple of minutes to take effect. ICBMs will be launched simultaneously or right after the EMP attack. ICMBs can take up to half an hour to an hour to reach their targets. > As it turns out, placing nuclear weapons in space is disadvantageous ... It significantly limits the targets, in space or on Earth, that weapons are capable of hitting. That is only true if you think of traditional applications. There are other uses of nuclear weapons in space, one of which is to create massive EMP attacks. It will only take a couple of Russian satellites in high orbit over the North American continent to fry most of unprotected electronic devices on it. That type of attack will be very hard to prevent and warn against. It is also very effective as it is very disruptive -- imagine most vehicles, radios, cell phones, planes, power plants, water treatment plants being rendered inoperable. Basically if you see this happening, start heading for the closest nuclear bunker. The nature of the weapon is such that when deployed, treaties won't matter much after that. Before that, it is hard to check what each satellite has on-board. Also, EMP waves are not designed to kill people, so I am not sure what they classification as far as any treaties are concerned. The level to which our infrastructure is vulnerable to EMP has dramatically increased since the 60s. That means, there is a much larger incentives to deploy such weapons now. From the article (quoting Philip Seib): --- Comparing it with the American networks "is like comparing The Economist to Newsweek." --- That's how I see it pretty much. I had accidentally stumbled on Al Jazeera English while channel surfing. Somehow I had always thought they were some shady, terrorist supported news outlet. I very much surprised at the quality of reporting and investigative journalism. They covered issues that actually matter in the world as opposed to "Tiger Woods has been thinking about a public apology" type crap or "Be afraid of killer fungus from outer space that eats your children" type stuff. At the same time I don't know why CNN and other American network report junk. Don't they simply report what American public wants to see and hear? Isn't that a commentary on the quality of American viewers? They are in the business of selling the audience to the advertisers. > Whining about clients getting screwed is like whining about people showing up to Fight Club and getting punched. To continue the analogy, the "whining" is really about some using brass knuckles against others when it is supposed to be a fair fight. > These investors took a risk. They knew they were taking a risk and they knew the risk they were taking The point is, I don't think they really knew the risk. In other words, if the risk was so obvious and you claim that these are smart professionals, then how come so many bought the securities? It seems either the risks were not disclosed properly or these so called "the most professional in business" were really "mom and pop" type amateurs. So which one is it? > The simple fact is that they did a poor job of assessing risk versus reward and lost a ton of money as a result. Perhaps true, but if they didn't have the appropriate information to assess the risk because they were deceived, then that would be a serious problem. I am not arguing that's what happened, but rather, that it is hard to assess risk if you are provided with misleading data in general. To use the McDonalds analogy, it is like them putting false nutritional information, or not disclosing important parts of the nutritional information to their buyers. > Again, when you go into a McDonalds, nobody says, "please give me unhealthy food", but instead they say, "give me a double quarter-pounder with cheese". This person is taking the risk of heart disease versus the "reward" of enjoying a calorific sandwich. Again, if you don't know about the amount of calories in a McDonalds, you don't really think you are taking the risk. You just think you are eating a yummy lunch. The pension fund, didn't think it was taking a risk, it thought those securities were AAA rated. You need access to available and truthful information in order to make an informed decision about risk. I agree that investors were professional and the fact that so many didn't assess the real risk correctly, it means that something was hidden from them. That's the gist of the problem. Buffet is one of the largest (if not the largest) Moody's investor. I can't speak to how "ethical" Buffett is, but what is apparent is his conflict of interest in this case. In general, I tend to have a problem with cult figures. Buffett has acquired a large following of worshipers who are willing to defend what he says or does based on lofty pronouncements such as "he is ethical" or "he has integrity" and so on. One thing is obvious, and that is he is one of the wealthiest and best businessman in the world. Whether he is ethical or has integrity is probably independent of the fact that he has acquired all this wealth. > Buffett is known for for his personal integrity... Aside from this cult followers claiming that, I only see a one of the most successful businessman in the world. One could equally have a psychopathic, dishonest, thief as the most successful businessman in the world. I guess, I would be more convinced of his "integrity" if he actually criticized GS or Moody's, while he still holds large investments in those firms. I wish we had ethics committees for human beings that we locked up without trial for a decade in Cuba or tortured around the world. Actually the point was that lack of direct social contact leads to depression. Interacting with people though a digital interface also probably leads to a similar, albeit not drastic, of an effect. Personally, even though I have access to more people and more information over the net, I am less social and that does have an effect on my mood. I have to make an effort to spend face-to-face time with family and friends to become "normal" again. (By "normal" here I just mean "not depressed"). Digital interface just doesn't cut it, there is some physical aspect to the interaction that cannot be transmitted even through a video conference. Anyway, I don't have anything to support this, just a personal opinion. No, the civilized world does... "...The United States withdrew from compulsory jurisdiction in 1986, and so accepts the court's jurisdiction only on a case-to-case basis." (from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Court_of_Justice second paragraph). > That sounds hard for me to believe, but thats one rumor. Would this rumor create insane profits for some? If that is so, those getting the profits should be investigated. Some employee could have been promissed a large sum in a off-shore account to enter a 'b' instead of an 'm'. It should look like an 'oops' to everyone else while a bunch of HFT algorithms could rake in serious profits as everyone's stop-loss triggers get hit. The employee might get fired, but he the pay-off was large enough, he might not need to work ever again. Well we are talking about Accenture here... > result doesn't reflect the car's actual value and will almost definitely be canceled. Unless the value of the car is defined as whatever someone on NYSE or NASDAQ is willing to pay for it. As the result of this there were some losers and some winners. Losers will want the trades reversed, winners won't. Reversal of trades could start a dangerous trend. Who gets to decide which trades get reversed? I wonder if many HFT firms will start to incorporate such kind of behavior into their trading model, so we'll see more of these "accidents" in the future. The market broke today. However, as you pointed out, the _way_ it broke and the way it was fixed has been observed by all. So everyone just learned a new piece of information about the market behavior. This kind of behavior will certainly end up being encoded into the HFT models -- both as a way to react to it, and (perhaps what is terrifying), as a way to trigger it. I am afraid we might seeing these kind of things more often. It depend on the resolution of the chart. If the resolution is minute-based, then it could have hit $0 then come back up to $39 within a minute. You wouldn't know. You'd have to have a special high-resolution stock feed. Thank you for writing that. That's why I love HN. That was better explained than most articles I've read so far. I always wondered, how come other countries didn't just unanimously vote to jump right in? EU just seemed to make a lot of sense. Well now I know why. Good for the Swedes. Another problem with EU is that it seems to lack a clear external policy. The E in the EU might as well stand for 'Economic' as in 'Economic Union', as politically these countries still have different & sometimes divergent interests (both externally and internally). Especially, as some members are also in NATO while other aren't. At the end of the day, it is not possible isolate the economy from politics and social issues. They are intertwined too tightly. It is like co-signing loans for the neighbors that you don't completely know that can go and spend as they please then you are stuck with paying for their extravagance. Not if they had set stop-loss triggers to protect against a large loss. That works well for a slow falling stock, but it doesn't work for a plunging stock. The stop-loss for Accenture might have been $15, but by the time the market order sale was executed, it could have gotten down to $1. Unless the stop-loss was immediately followed by a limit order, all the value stored in that stock would have been wiped out. Why not do it per transaction then per value of transaction. Individual transactions are around $5-$8 for non-day traders. So there is already a flat fee to buy or sell. It is very inefficient to issue a lot of small buy/sell orders. So this would discourage the high frequency of trading. Then there is an additional price based fee. The higher the value the higher the fee. The size of the individual share would make no difference then. I think people who can internalize and rationally understand what hope insurance is could safely buy lottery tickets. Many people who buy it, it seems, buy it because they think one day they will actually get that $20m for a price of a cup of coffee. In other words, I am not worried about HN-ers buying lottery tickets. I am worried about people well bellow the poverty line who spend a significant percentage of their already small income on lotteries. The little 'hope' fantasy game for them is a major delusion that sucks resources and time. I think state run lotteries are a disgrace and should be banned. A person can take their whole paycheck or social security check and spend it all on lottery tickets, just like they can spend it all in a casino. They are both ways to live in a delusional fantasy world. What is worse, casinos actually have a higher pay-off ratio than state run lotteries. So if they are going to live a fantasy they might as well go to a casino... Did anyone read that metaphorically as 'US recovery has moved to the clouds and became an un-attainable dream' ? That was one of the saddest movies I have seen. A great film, very well shot, good sound track, good actors. However, I don't have a desire to see it very often, because it just depresses the hell out of me. Darren Aronofsky's other movie -- Pi is also great. Highly recommended. I also recommend it. I love that movie. Fight Club : A bit over the top, but works for me. Cidade de Deus (City of God) : Overcoming adversity, based on real life story. Le fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain (Amelie) : Beautiful movie about seeing the world in a different way. Love is worth fighting for. Don't be afraid to be eccentric. Das Leben der Anderen (The Lives Of Others) : Even the harshest repressive regimes cannot re-educate and brainwash all the humanity out of people. Das Boot : How I feel when I need to finish a project while the management throws "depth charges" (feature requests ;-) ) at me. Hotel Rwanda : People are capable of both extreme violence and extreme kindness. Zerkalo (The Mirror) by Tarkovksy : Nostalgia. Reminds me to keep connected to my parents and family. Eventually they'll be gone, with only dreams and memory fragments of them left. The idea is not bad, but the film itself should have been executed better. For me, in order to deem a movie inspirational it would first have to be a good movie (good cinematography, acting, and story). I feel that Boiler Room was missing on all those criteria. Good point. It shows you have a good sci-fi movie without astronomical special effects budgets. That's a lesson for lean startups. Upvote, I like the movie. I am wondering though, how does it inspire you? What should a parent tell a child who wants to go into a non-"money" field? Should one still pay $80,000 for 4 years of "Social Studies"? Tell them not to go at all and get a 2 year degree from a community college? We all grew up brainwashed with the idea that "4 year college"="better jobs"="better life". Colleges have been raking in good profits all these years by exploiting that mantra. It is really hard to all of the sudden deny it and go against the popular opinion. Sometime to have it work for you, you have to contribute. In other words, most OSS works only because someone else contributed. Free software works for us. We ship a complete box with a free OS, built on completely free frameworks, languages and libraries. We release any contributions or updates we make to the OS software. Just recently we had to license a close-source library. It has been very frustrating having to deal with licensing and support. Send emails back and forth each time something doesn't work instead of being able to just look at the code, apply a patch locally and send it upstream. > In my experience, much of free-OSS has been significantly worse than a cheap proprietary, if it exists at all. For us, OSS has worked a lot better. Having the ability to inspect the source code all the way down to the hardware level, tweak it, adjust it, and share the fixes with the world is a lot better than waiting for that phone call back or that tech support email back. -- This is the practical benefit of OSS. It also appeals to those who want to understand how the system works, and those who dislike dealing with black-boxes that constantly break. What does it mean for Unladen Swallow? Can they both be used together? If Unladen Swallow merged into Python 3, then when using PyPy will one get a performance boost from both? It seems like eventually it should be the JIT that will make it faster. Not only that, the JIT compiler is itself automatically generated. That is black magic indeed! Here is the summary in their own words: ( http://codespeak.net/pypy/dist/pypy/doc/jit/index.html ) --- When PyPy is translated into an executable like pypy-c, the executable contains a full virtual machine that can optionally include a Just-In-Time compiler. This JIT compiler is generated automatically from the interpreter that we wrote in RPython. This JIT Compiler Generator can be applied on interpreters for any language, as long as the interpreter itself is written in RPython and contains a few hints to guide the JIT Compiler Generator. --- That is a good article. A classic. A key part of it for me is: --- Although America's universities are churning out a steady stream of brain-dead simpletons, our society relies almost exclusively on college credentials as the central determining factor of social status and employment opportunities. --- I know it is a farce. But I also want the HR departments across the country to know that too. (I guess the lesson is: don't work for companies that consider college degree + GPA as the main determinant for your employment criteria). You can think of it as dataflow programming where (event,value) tuples are the data. You can still think of it as the same old shared memory approach, where before the game loop frame gets to "look" at it, some conditional event propagation and generation is performed. In other words if b and c are hardware events. Their values get written to the shared memory. Before the game loop gets to look at the memory, there is a stage where a (an event derived from b and c) is generated. Of course, now you don't have the limitation of a physical piece of shared memory. These events can be distributed across many machines. > It turns out this is really powerful and works well on a distributed system. Did they create something new here? I think the power comes from creating a DSL that fits very well in your domain (problem space). It lets you manage a lot events and express relationships between them. Also you seem to have defined an event algebra, where events can be composed. I am not sure how applicable this is to other domains. If your language is abstract and not related to particulars of flight simulators, it might be quite useful... What is the language called? How proprietary is it? > dispersants and other chemical measures used to stop the spread of the oil may be more toxic than the oil itself. There are less toxic ones out there but I've read that BP has a deal with one of the producers of the most toxic dispersant (Nalco Co.) so big surprise, that's what they are using. http://thinkprogress.org/2010/05/17/bp-dispersant-toxic That's one of the most understated advice. Quite often managers like to see lots of code, or developers have screwed up incentives and get payed by the lines of code. If a manager walks by, their heart gladdens when they see you banging on the keboard like mad -- to them that equals to "work being done". They fail to realize that sometimes that equals to "more un-necessary garbage added to the existing pile of code" that will eventually make the product unstable, brittle and hard to maintain. Sitting there with a notepad and a pencil thinking about the problem is when I find I actually solve the difficult problems not when I type furiously at a keyboard. > As a bonus, learning Prolog will help with Erlang, and vice versa. (Erlang was initially a DSL on SICStus Prolog, and many Prolog idioms came along.) As far as Erlang I have always been put off by the lack of backtracking. They took the best feature from Prolog and threw it out. Everything else is already strange and quite awkward, and those are the parts they kept but threw away backtracking. (I am looking at Elang as a general purpose language here, I know that there is no need for backtracking in a realtime telephony system). By the way, if you want to experiment with prolog try SWI prolog. It's open, it has an IDE and a bunch of modules, including support for CHR (constrain handling rules). http://www.swi-prolog.org Ubuntu has it in its apt repository so you can just install from there. That is why it is good to never act condescending or disrespectful towards anyone. That kid that you made fun of during the interview for not knowing some obscure feature from C could be buying your company in 10 years and you could end up working for him. This is even more true in a relatively niche markets with a limited number of companies. Eventually everyones ends up knowing everyone, perhaps by meeting at trade shows or just word of mouth, and reputation and networking becomes very important. The same goodwill goes for customers as well. Our company is loved because we go out of our way to please the customer. Even the customers that are fussy, mean and ignorant. We work weekends and evening on site to get them up and they always put in a good word for us. Aside from having a good product that is the only reason we've been around for 17+ years. You can always photoshop something. Be creative. Find an existing Mohammed image on the web , open your favourite image editor, find some peanut butter texture images and collage them together. Use brushes with textures or whatever you feel like doing. The possibilities are limitless... I think some religious groups need to learn about the Streisend Effect. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect > It promotes division and distrust, and actively destroys the work many have put into creating safe atmospheres of expression and mutual respect by ridiculing a religious community. Nothing promotes more division and distrust like murdering someone for drawing an image or punching someone in the face for it. Yes, if you think about it as "trolling a religious group" it does sound juvenile. But you think about it as an act of solidarity with those who have been killed or punched in the face, then it makes more sense. > they're one of the few who actually understand irony? I think IBM would be one of the last companies to do that. In a certain way it is already too late. Cops can pin random 'catch all' charges on your because the law allows them, some are vengeful and power hungry, they can legally lie to you, it is seems the system is already stacked up against you. In other words, if you ran stop sign, do you want to be a "constitutional martyr" and expose yourself to a cop's rage? Do you want to be detained for a day when you have a family and a job to go to, do you want your car towed, do you want random charges that are hard to defend slapped on you? Even if all charges are cleared by a judge, the amount of effort, time and money spent is too much for most people to handle. They'd rather fly under the radar, hopefully, the cops will catch the next guy... Can't up-vote that enough. I would guess in a lot of those situations cops invited those people to the station "just to talk". I think that is not uncorrelated with the fact that now more people have access to non-traditional media like youtube, web forums, other online communities, where police brutality videos, stories about abuse of power,and injustice can spread. Americans traditional media will not turn against cops and will "appropriately" filter stories to make the system of government look good. In other words, I think cops have always acted this way, it is just that the general public have been mis-informed. >Finally, you're making the same erroneous assumption as dotBen above in that you're assuming the relationship with the Cops has to be adversarial and then treating it as such (which is exactly what makes someone look guilty). As someone in this thread indicated, about a forth or so of cases exonerated by DNA evidence have "confessed". That fact enough, should make your interaction adversarial. You can be sure a lot of those people end up going to the station just "to talk" as "witnesses". > The only reason you don't talk to cops is because you don't want to give them something they can use against you in court. That is wrong. You don't know what you are saying can or cannot be used against you. The cops can lie to you. You don't know at which point a switch in their head decides to turn you from a witness into a suspect. They won't signal you with a wink ... They can fabricate a charge. There are enough catch-all charges : "interfering with official business", "obstruction of justice", "looking suspicious" (my friend got a ticket for "suspicious behavior" in one of the mid-Western states!). Your tires could seem to be too bold, your windshield could have a crack, your turn light might not work properly. Then the cop start "smelling drugs" that are not there (police camera don't have smell detectors!). He might decide you need to a DUI test. You might be to close to a drug or prostitution area -- so just that lets them arrest you. He thinks your license if fake, so he detains you to take you to the station to establish your identity. If he detains or arrests you, your car is towed. You don't show up for work, your family is worried about you. Basically, you cannot win. You can only lose after you encounter a cop. I guess what I am saying is that I am disappointed at the legal system and the disproportional power the police can project. But aside from calling my congressman, I don't know if I'd want to try to be a "constitutional martyr" and get a cop angry at me... > Come up with a better way of representing an Abstract Syntax Tree in text, please. Perhaps you could use indentation like Python or YAML, for example? The mob wasn't replaced by FSB, it was the FSB from the start, after Soviet Union collapsed. ex-KGB agents were in the most favorable position to participate in the power and asset grab after the collapse. They knew how things were run, they had the connections, they also were most educated and most trained. They sort of represented an elite class of individuals selected, educated and trained better than the rest. When things fell apart a lot of them scattered looking to grab whatever as available. Political and patriotic allegiance to the party has become a running joke since after the 60s. Most of them had absolutely no problem switching practically overnight from staunch supporters of communism to brutal capitalists. The Russian mob has a hand in everything important in Russia. If you go as a tourist, you'll probably feel fairly safe and nobody will notice you. If you go as an investor and try to start a company you will most definitely deal with the mob. It will probably start with you dealing with the police and other 'officials' who are actually a front for the mob. Right. In other words if you go there as a tourist you will most likely get no problems from the mob. They might own the hotel, but you'll be mostly safe. You won't have to bribe them, you won't have to have a bodyguard with you. If you go there ready to start a business or invest a couple million dollars, you'll definetly deal with mobsters. Yes. But we are talking about the high level mobsters. Those that grabbed whole enterprises and were running multi-million dollar racket jobs, not local street gangs. Some people think of local street gangs because they are just more visible, I am thinking of mobsters who were running the whole country. There were often connections between the two but both were operating at different scales and in different domains. I have a T60 and love it. It's built like a tank. Has a good keyboard and the "stick" mouse pointer (which I really like). It is a bit heavy to lug around, but it is my only machine and it is a good compromise between portable and usable. You can figure out the ethics by thinking about the question : "Does the leaked stuff pose a national security risk or does it pose a national security embarrassment over basic human rights violations, waste, carelessness and so on?". > But leaking 260,000 state department cables just seems like leaking for the sake of leaking. The original leak was probably just a leak for leak's sake. They already caught that guy. However if any of these cables point to any embarrasing stuff that is secret just to avoid the govt. from appologizing, and Wikileaks picks it up after it was already exposed, then this becomes a whilstleblower issue. I know legally they've sent the dogs after him because "if it is classified it is classified and we are not the department to ask why it was classified", but everyone else should automatically side with the govt.'s point of view if the data points to some serious moral and ethical problems inside Pentagon. Sorry to reply to my own post. The edit window seemed to have expired, the last paragraph should say "...but everyone else should NOT automatically side..." . In some fields the value should be better determined by one's previous work (the portfolio). That has traditionally been true for designers and artist for example, but today it should also be true for software developers. There are so many open source projects that companies should be asked "what open source project have you contributed to?" and "show and explain that code to me". Basically that is what got me my job. My GPA was high and I worked my butt off for 5 years to get it, but it was a small open source project that got noticed and used as the basis of selection. That's why Israel has US. > It also contains support for everything else from AJAX to the kitchen sink ... It even works as a RAD environment (plus a webserver, an SQL database, an OO programming language, and a go-between for other systems' incompatible message formats. Sorry but that sounds like a Frankenstein monster type of language/sdk/database. Now I am more scared of it than before ;-) > Each attendee is his/her own congregation, perhaps with a "buddy" to help enforce self-discipline. There should be a new fad : Agile 'life'. Work with a partner. Always run tests by validating that what you are doing is aligned with the official "Christian" doctrine. A lot of HNers are also about 30, have some regret, and some have a hangover? If you have to copy to the hard drives and copy from the hard drives on the other end, you might be limited to the total IO bandwidth of however many hard drives you can read/write * speed of IO bus. Not too long ago I had realized that my 1Gbps Ethernet network lets me have a higher sustain data throughput than my 5400 rpm laptop hard drive. You would have the same problem with the crate of hard drives depending how many times you have to copy the data... This happened in the 50s probably so it was after the war. Also the fact that he was 12 at the time obviously meant it was just a ridiculous coincidence. If he really was suspected of being a spy, the security officer wouldn't have torn up form and would have actually made him never be able to get a clearance again. What has happened is that the security officer simply knows how the system is set up. It cannot handle 'ridiculous' spy stories. It can handle 'no spy stories' or it can handle 'real spy stories' -- ridiculous coincidences don't fit it. So he basically had forced his guy to lie because his story fit better into 'no spy story' bin. > Being honest and truthful is a big factor is the security clearance process. I would say that knowing how to lie well is a big factor in the clearance process. Being too honest can hurt you as we read in the article. > Honesty is a sign of your loyalty to US. That is why one should appear to be honest if they want to appear to be loyal. As far as polygraph tests -- they only work if those who administer convince you that they work. There even some microwaves that are sold with a metal plate/ grate that can inserted inside to cook fish or vegetables on. I guess the metal will absorb the microwave energy and heat up and then the food will get seared by contact with the metal, instead of directly receiving the microwave radiation. My parents have one of those microwaves and when I saw it I was just as perplexed about it. > how incestuous the Boston high-tech community is. Or how well the alleged spies have been planted... You are probably right. There is more to this. The 'passport' story was probably created to conceal the original source -- someone who just defected and dumped this info all at once. Perhaps someone in FBI was coming up for promotion so the decided to expose some spies to get some bonuses in return. Often these stories are stirred up for some political goal. Perhaps Russian are closing in on some CIA/FBI moles and US govt. decided to create a situation where exchanges could take place. Or maybe some elements in the US govt. decided that the relationship between US and Russia has gotten too cozy lately and want to stir up come conflict and milk that for some political gain... > Debian said (paraphrasing): No, you evil capitalist pigs. Oh, please... Apple could have used dpkg if they wanted to. dpkg is open source software released under the GPL license. Apple just chose not to, because they would have had to open source all their code that linked to dpkg libraries. That is the price they would have to pay for piggy-backing on the efforts of many volunteers and gain immediate access to a state of the art packaging system. But of course Apple being Apple has a lot more money to spend on PR and along with the help of their fan boys, the story turned into "Debian developers are mean, capitalism-hating hippies". I am not really surprised. > Apple chose not to given the apparent community stance. Apple still could have used it. It is open source, that is the point of open source. Redhat might not like that CentOS is recompiling their source and release their distribution. But there is nothing they can do. > Neither dpkg nor apt-get have any libraries to link against, so that really wasn't the issue. Not true. There is libapt, synaptic depends on it, for example. Unless they intended their users to open terminals (oh the horror), they would have had to link against libapt to create a responsive installer GUI. Otherwise they would have had to parse stdout of external processes. > This isn't an Apple PR story. This is something I just told you, recollected from nearly a decade ago when the mere possibility of using dpkg was on the table. I understand it is not an Apple PR story in this case. It just seemed that the story wasn't true and it seems to me often enough the untrue stories always favor those who have most fanboys or largest PR pockets. Well, first of all the article is just a PR release from Lenovo claiming Lenovo is ahead of their competitors. Not very surprising. Not to say that they are wrong. But I think the main reason is piracy. Windows has been so popular in China and Eastern Europe primarily because pirated copies of the OS could run on a variety of hardware. Apple OS is designed to run on a rather limited set of hardware. This is also coupled with generally a easier way to download pirated version s of Windows software vs. Mac OS X versions of the same software. The large availability of Windows then creates an environment for a home grown software market that runs on Windows only, which in turn make Windows even more desirable. A third factor is perhaps the design. Apple products cost a lot more, it seems, because Apple feels their applications have a much better designed UI. It is true, and I am not arguing with that. But that UI is designed to appeal to American and Western tastes and preferences. Or, rather, Americans and West Europeans would pay a lot more for a well designed UI vs an an with equivalent functionally but without a polished UI. In other words, they are happy running Office in Windows and using Windows' file manager vs paying more to run the same version of Office and using Mac OS X file manager on Apple hardware and software. All I can say is that I am surprised at how un-surprising this is. There should be more of an outrage. News outlets should be broadcasting this. But somehow, everyone just expects this to happen anyway. Being inside the beltway (figuratively speaking), between the govt. and its many military contractors, one can really see how corrupt the system is. There is rampant nepotism, favoritism and waste going on. Those usually are proportional to the cost of the project. I am sure the same thing goes on between the legislative branch, the financial sector, and K street lobbyists. Or you left the hardest part for the end. The hardest here does't necessarily mean the most difficult to figure out, it means the hardest for you -- the one you are least motivated to work on. It could be the most boring or the least interesting. It could be lots of UI tweaks, or adding a feature you are just not very excited about. Objectively you know it should be a 4 week job, but unconsciously you drag the time along because you just seem unmotivated by your work. Conversely, the first 90% goes fast because you are motivated and put a lot more mental effort and time into. What I know is that ideas about usability, layout, functionality and design differ between cultures. Think about interior design and architecture, for example, you'll find different cultures look at those differently. > These lines killed your last paragraph, they are completely baseless They just reflect my hunch. You are free to tear them down. Also, you are arguing a general point by providing a small sample of your acquaintance (i.e. "well, my couple of friends use Apple, so see there are some Chinese using it, there it has the same appeal to all the Chinese exactly in the same way as it does for all the Westerners"). The reasons I listed are in order of importance. I still maintain that piracy is the main reason. The other reasons are just wild guesses. Even better they could have assigned some devs to create dpkg and apt options to output stdout data in a structured format (xml for ex) to facilitate this kind of interaction. Bazaar has that for example. The downside is that that could significantly slow down the application, depending on the types of queries and commands that are performed. > So I say: Mr. Dawkins, don't be such a wet blanket. I think he is a wet blanket because he realizes that many of these post-modernists suck public money with their tenure and wield quite a bit of power over up and coming academics. In other words, nobody minds the insane person as long as they are safely locked away in an asylum. However the same insane person becomes very dangerous once they have control and authority over people's careers, sit on academic committees, there are thousands hours spent by students who are told to "read and interpret" these crazy writings with the insinuation that these are the great philosophers of the 20th and 21st centuries. > Still, postmodernism cannot be discredited just because it does not make sense to people outside of its paradigm. The idea that outsiders do not understand pomo is handled well in the article. The physicists, specifically focused on mathematical and physics jargon in the writings. They concluded that it was complete gibberish. Stuff like 1 = sqrt(-1) and so on. The claim that there are some for whom this stuff does make sense is a little scary, as that implies some kind of secret coded language that makes sense, but has to be decoded, or the fact that they are just as crazy as the author. Interesting languages not on the list: * io : http://www.iolanguage.com Clean, minimalistic, prototype based OO. * Reia : http://wiki.reia-lang.org Ruby-like syntax on Erlang's VM * Curry : http://www-ps.informatik.uni-kiel.de/currywiki Functional logic language : Prolog+Haskell. * Oz/Mozart : http://www.mozart-oz.org Multi-multi paradigm language, includes constraint based programming. Some of them are not necessarily up-and-coming but rather out-and-going. Oz is interesting, but it seems to be dying. Some like Reia are making slow progress. Curry is more of an academic language. io is probably the most up-and-coming so to speak. The article said it is a closed beta. Perhaps, if you install 10.10 eventually you'll get the new fonts in the repo. I think that makes sense. Perhaps the foundry asked for it. They wouldn't want to any negative comments because the work is not finished yet. I am not sure why this is a big deal. NSA has been watching the internet for a long time. A lot of those operations are probably shadowy classified ones. That kind of information is good for high level decision making and sensitive projects, but is not very useful in bullying regular citizens who might post something "anonymously" on some forum. What the government needs is a plausable cover for "we see what you did there... on that forum ... on that date that is why you are denied this and that or put on some black list." Another reason for using such an inflamatory name is to test public's response to such _kind_ of a project. Basically test the media and public's outcry level. Possibly in preparation for expanding one of their existing projects even further. Otherwise they couldn't have given it a more ominous Orwellian name. Different kind of research -- probably a media and public reaction test. It is not that uncommon for spy agencies to release disinformation and test the outcome. > Getting told to 'reconnect' with a dead friend can be mildly traumatic. Not if it directs them to a virtual ouija board. Interesting connection with self-esteem and fear: "if you feel good about yourself, you’ll listen — and if you feel insecure or threatened, you won’t. This would also explain why demagogues benefit from keeping people agitated." This theme is developed well in the "Power of Nightmares" documentary by Adam Curtis. The more scared the people are, the easier to control them. I think Leo Strauss and his neocon followers realized this. Deep down they wanted to help their country. But realized that "the informed, rational citizen" didn't exist, aside from a narrow "elite" segment that truly understands how things work. So this ruling elite should create powerful myths for people to believe in. People have to be led by irrational fears and beliefs. > In the long term, this actually bodes well for society. Perhaps in a very long term after there is an outcry against bogus and erroneus debt lawsuits. > Previously, the reason for not collecting debt was due to the higher cost of legal action, resulting in people using a variety of methods from simple reminders and payment plan offers, to intimidiation and threats. Now in addition to reminders, payment plan offers and bogus threats, they can also use the state to intimidate and jail debtors. Might as well just start a debtor jail like in Saudi Arabia. > Now that legal action is cheaper, courts will be requiring much more is done to ensure accuracy and fair representation. Somehow I see the opposite happening, at least in the short term. The cheaper it is the more errors will be commited. Any little debt collection agency can acquire, sell and re-sell these databases of debt-ors. In the process spreading and entering bogus data and errors. The justice seems to be cheaper for the debt collector who can fire off lawsuites from a database table, but I don't see this being cheaper the debt-ors. This is just the collection agencies getting the state to do their job for them. > Cheap and effective justice is something to be praised, and in this case will eventually reduce the cost of credit too. I agree as long as debt-ors also get to benefit from it not just the collectors. Collectors should not be able to file lawsuits in Alaska or Hawaii for debtors that live in Florida for example. Someone has to make sure the debtor received their summons so they know there is a court case they can go to and defend themselves. To summarize, I think cheap justice will also mean a lower quality justice or justice that benefits only one party. > The 100 watts of power is twice what can be achieved with Power-over-ethernet. If it is just passive power (not switched on based on some protocol interaction) it's going to be fun when people end up plugging this into their laptop's ethernet slot instead of its HD slot. "Try plugging into one port. If you see sparks and smoke come out, try the other port." Thanks for explaining. I obviously didn't know how this is supposed to work. > What's a bigger issue to me is why so many hackers fall for easy market-speak like this. Are they English-challenged? Verbal-intelligence-challenged? No. They understand and speak plain, unambiguous English, C, Python and Lisp. They don't speak corporate weasel propaganda. This kind of speak, throws all kinds of exceptions, causes segfaults, or returns a non-0 and sets errno in their heads. If your one hand is already on the mouse, a quick way to switch between buffers in is to click Ctrl+ on a window. A pop-up will appear that lets you select a buffers. Other key + mouse tricks: Shift+ : quickly change font size or change font. Ctrl+ : access emacs menu > Inability to focus is worth treating, but why not look at potential causes instead of potentially risky substances that cover up the problem? Because we grew up in a culture where doctors fix problems with a pill. Too depressed ? - Take Prozac. Can't have sex ? Take Viagra. Can't fall asleep ? Talk to you doctor about Lunesta. Now it's "can't think", so sure there is a quick fix -- Provigil. Some HN-ers already ordered it, according to their comments on this post. Perhaps, they'll get further ahead of the pack using it. Perhaps their startups will launch faster. Or perhaps they'll suffer from long-term effects of the drug that nobody has studied yet. Who knows...? I certainly don't want to gamble with my brain. I'd rather accept my mediocrity, struggle with lack of attention, anxiety and other issues, than suffer possible long-term side-effects later. > But I don't think there's much of a moral dilemma in using drugs that don't usually have permanent or damaging effects. I think in this particular case there are no long-term (20 years+) studies. It is still unclear how exactly Modafinil works. And no long term studies have been done . This is according to : "Pharmacotherapy for excessive daytime sleepiness" by Banerjee D, Vitiello MV, Grunstein RR. Published in Sleep Med Rev. 2004 Oct;8(5):339-54). (See last sentence in the abstract). PUBMED: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15336235 You can "cheat" if you want to appear to rebel against digital by applying an approriate filter to the output of a digital image. iPhone even has an app called "Hipstermatic" to will make your iPhone pictures look like they are taken with a Holga. There is a lot to be said though for experimenting and a hands-on approach to photography : making your own lesnes, alternive developing processes and so on. Then it is more about the process, the learning experience, rather than just the final result. > because they don't clearly see the implications. I think you hit the nail on the head. A lot of policy makers who make rules and laws about how to fix poverty always assume they deal with rational, clearly thinking, autonomous agents. They assume there is some logical planning taking place in teenagers' heads before they get pregnant: "...Having sex will lead to pregnancy which will lead to having a baby, who, even though I can't support, the state will take care of it, my boyfriends will be forced to pay child support therefore it makes perfect sense to have a baby." Something like that. A 16 year old guy will think he can support all the babies in the world when having sex. The girl might think it will make the boyfriend love her more, they'll get married, find jobs, move out and have a happy your family and live happily every after. That is a very different thought process than what policy makers usually assume goes on. Teenagers who are privileged end up making a lot of stupid decisions as well, but their parents, hover over them, guide them, fix their mistakes for them and wait for the kids to mature and start thinking rationally and maturely. Many poor teenagers never have that. They don't get a second choice, a do over for small mistakes. Many are from a single parent family, or their parents are working 12 hour days to make ends meet, perhaps one or more parents are drunk or on drugs and there is just nobody to guide, to teach and to iron out the consequences of small and large mistakes. Consequently the teenagers grow up but mentally never mature. Then they become the next generation of parents. Then the cycle repeats. Overall I think all the teenagers would end up procreating as soon as they can if they just grew up in the wild without any parental guidance. The ones that lead privileged lives have parents who teach, guide and iron out mistakes ("read : trip to the abortion clinic"), and this leads to a delay in procreation until some arbitrarily chosen "life event" usually : marriage + first job + new house. I think taking this problem and turning it into some kind of evolutionary / genetic issue is pointless if not plain dangerous. > Young girls wanted to have children. It has been postulated that American welfare assistantship programs are somewhat to blame. I think it has been discussed here (sorry to repeat it, and for not quoting -- I forgot who mentioned it). Basically the programs to help "single mothers" was created to help widowed mothers support their family. Eventually some women realized that having a baby is not that bad as they can take advantage of the "single mother" status. There is sort of a logical reasoning behind it. Now, not that every girl goes through that logical reasoning and decides on having a baby. Rather with time this choice of having a baby become "encoded" in the culture as something else "it is cool" or "it bring attention" or "status". Girls see other girls get attention and acquire status when they have children to they want to emulate. Basically in this particular case, the welfare system completely backfired and instead of just helping, it started expanding the population segment that would take advantage of a particular feature. Unfortunately, in this case I would agree with the original poster. Your hyperbole doesn't quite work because we are dealing with human experience here. Poverty is not just a lack of money, it is most of all a very powerful internal human experience. There is no words to describe it. Kind of like there is not words to describe effectively what falling in love or dealing with a loved one's death is. Understanding that is not just a matter of reading an equation, you have to experience it yourself in order to more effectively talk about or try to fix it. Does that stifle debate? Perhaps. I think the original poster was highlighting that it is important to keep in mind the personal experience before engaging in theoretical discussions about the subject. > So why do we accept such a statement when it is made about nothing but a different sort of human experience? The answer is in your question -- because _it is_ a human experience. It seems to boil down to "how important is human experience?" Well, that's a topic for a new thread or a new philosophical debate... Specific welfare help for "single mothers". The law was written more with the intent to help widows with small children. But it turned out that many young un-married girls could also just have a baby and take advantage of the same program. At some point having a baby became a good way to get decent welfare assistance. It is amenable to reason but only up to a limit. Certainly someone who had the experienced would be more qualified to reason about it. I would say that is even true for racism and honor killings. Someone who grew up in a muslem country or in the deep south in US will definetly understand better the underlying causes for rampant racism or why honor killings happen. As for quantum physics, I would take someone's word if I believed they could experience it. I don't think any one can, so that's why anyone that can do the maths is just as good. I would say the observation is accurate. I think the owners / employers see it as a supply and demand problem. There are a lot of enthusiastic, gung-ho novice programmers would give an arm and a leg to be in the gaming industry. Many enjoyed playing games, so naturally they decided to into the this field. These individuals will compensate their lack of experience and theoretical understanding of many CS subjects with sheer enthusiasm, they will work 12 hour days, weekends, for relatively low pay, putting up with lots of crap, until ... they burn out. When they burn out, there is another battalion of enthusiastic kids waiting at the door and, then the cycle continues. It is not that this doesn't happen with other programming jobs, but there are just not that many people who are as excited about database scalability or say, machine learning as there are individuals excited about games. Exploiting someone like that and having them burn out, would mean having to look long and hard to replace them. Therefore pay is better, hours are better and the environment is healthier. > That's one way to make NYC even less affordable and friendly to tourists on a budget. But that is a valid concern I suppose -- does NYC benefit from tourists on a budget? If it doesn't then it might make sense to keep them out so tourists "not on a budget" can have more space, visit more often, and consequently spend more money. I can see how tourists on a budget would not be welcome in many cities. Some places rely on selling overpriced services and items to tourists and rely on tourists coming in and just throwing money around. So making legislation to accommodate certain visitors, but discourage others, kind of makes sense. Classified info, even if it has been leaked, is still classified info. US govt. has been known to visit companies that had un-expectedly come into contact with classified data (usually accidentally as a result of working on some military project for ex.). They take over for a while, issue "gag" orders, take people statements, find out who saw the data, then they take all the storage media and shred it. But of course, practically, I am not sure what they will now when everyone on the Internet can access this data. I guess they can still selectively enforce the law if they wanted to ... ? Or at least threaten to inforce the law. Indiscrimnate killing of civilians followed by a cover-up is "explosive" enough for me. If I may ask, what were you expecting? US Marines sacrificing Iraqi babies and drinking their blood? Most "stuff" like : clothing, food, appliances, cars (i.e. most "stuff") got cheaper, but healthcare and housing went through the roof and more than offset the things that got cheaper. The unfortunate thing is that healthcare and shelter are necessities ("needs") and not nice-to-have things ("wants"). Even more unfortunate is that health care in US is usually tied to the place of employment. Losing one's job could mean loosing health care and losing the place to live. When before it could have been not being able to afford good food, clothes, TVs, a car. Consequently the 2 largest reasons for bankruptcies are : health care bills and mortgage payments, usually as a result of losing a job. (Of course, jobs are often "lost suddenly" no long after a "cancer" diagnosis). An employer can excert quite a bit of control over an employee if they know the employee has a mortgage to pay, and all of his familiy is on that employer's insurance. An employee couldn't be "squeezed" as much if they didn't have a large mortgage and could walk out and his family could retain the insurance. This has been postulated is also the reason why per employee productivity has been going up since the 70s -- people simply have been putting in more hours and doing more work because they are afraid of losing their jobs. (I don't have any data to back this up at the moment, downvote if you like). ... the major newsgathering organizations aren't sending people to Kandahar, Peshawar, and out to frontiers, where they aren't being kidnapped or killed? That is precisely why there are very few "real" journalists. Because it is dangerous and expensive to send people to investigate half-way across the world. That is why most (at least) American news organizations just pass along un-edited propaganda released by Dept. of State. Often they'll write "an offical from Dept. of State said.. " and people are so used to hearing that, they believe automatically. It is an official, it is from a major news org and from Dept. of State -- wow, it couldn't possibly be a lie. There are very few honest and idependent news organizations with "real" journalists. News companies are not there to provide news for money, they are there to sell audiences to their advertising client and make money mostly from that. Even the military "embedded" journalists are "embedded" into one side. It is rather naive to expect them to be objective. I will highlight again, that there are few brave journalists who risk /risked their lives and died in order to provide accurate reports of the situation. But those are very rare exceptions. Now you provide a link to "Slate" where Kaplan claims that Wikileaks is not real "journalism" because the news wasn't shocking enough and of course everyone should go to slate.com where real journalists report. Let's take a look at a couple of his quotes: These problems were, in fact, the main reasons behind the new strategy that Obama put in place in December 2009—after the period covered by all of the WikiLeaks documents, which date from 2004-09. That is true because ... that is what Obama said. It is the standard claim being broadcast from the White House now -- "Obama is already handling this!". I've heard this already on the radio and read in other sources. Note how Kaplan just assumes that as the truth and directly quotes the White House. So if Obama has already fixed all this, can we see some results or some documents, some proof that situation got better? Let's look at another quote: Journalism, the old saw has it, is the first draft of history. The WikiLeaks documents amount to the first notes of a journalistic story, and incomplete notes at that. He seems to be saying that everyone instead of getting the un-edited data, should get the "filtered" data, interpreted by someone. Someone who would put the "right spin" on things, perhaps. I am not surprised. He is just defending his profession and his modus operandi. He sees journalists as writing history and here is some renegade kids with a website disrupting the age old process. Bypassing all the filters so carefully put in place over the years. I can see how he would be less than sympathetic. News organizations curate and editorialize content. I guess if you take the Orwellian interpretation. Perhaps the original interpretation fits them best because they just provide the bare documents as the do not editorialize. In other words "new organizations are organization that do nothing but provide news". Of course editorializing takes places when selecting the content. But hopefully the "wiki" part of "wikileaks" is emphasized enough to that everything is available to everyone and the readers get to decide that is more newsworthy for them. That is simply not true. We weren't poor growing up but we were not far from it (at least according to the Western standards). I remember having to eat only once a day and wearing clothes with holes in them because we couldn't afford to go clothes shopping. My father, a good engineer with a university degree lost his job after the Soviet collapse and my mom had to work 2 janitor jobs. However, if my father knew someone who had a broken radio or TV he would get it for me so I can take it appart and play with the innards. I had a soldering iron and a neighbor had given me his old voltmeter. So I was learning quite a bit without having expensive equipment. I started to like computers, because I saw them at schools. The Americans had donated us some nice shiny IBM computers and we were fighting to get access to them after school. My mom notice my new infatuation with computers, and she saved enough money for half a year and then bought a Russian ZX Spectrum knock-off and a tape player. I had asked my neighbor (who was a TV repairman) to hook the console up to our old black and white TV. Then I learned English so I could read all the programming manuals. My friends used to copy and pirate games. But I enjoyed writing basic, assembly, pascal and C. If you segfaulted, you had to reaload the compiler from tape so you waiting for 10 minutes. It was a fun but very arduous process. Anyway, the fact that we were poor didn't prevent me from hacking since I remember. All it matters is to have good parents who really support and nurture education. (By the way mom was not allowed to go to school after her 7th grade because she had to support her family. I think she vowed that her children will get all the education they want no matter what). > And that's in most cases parents who themselves are educated. Read my comment again. My mom wasn't educated past 7th grade. She knows simple arithmetic enough to count money and pay bills. She doesn't know what an isosceles triangle is though. My father was educated well but he had lost his job and didn't have work for years. We didn't have enough food to eat. But what my parents had, was a desire for me to be educated. Not by forcing me to necessarily get good grades but by encouraging my hobbies. EDIT: removed an unclear sentence > Are you sure you (and those who upvoted) know what social class is? ... having a university degree would be put your father as middle class in most of them. What about a homeless person on the streets who has a PhD? What class are they in? I would say they are in the "poor" class. What about not being able to buy food or clothes? What class is that? I would say in the Western society nowadays that would qualify as "poor". Granted there were some who didn't have a place to live and fared a lot worse, but we were not far from it either (at least that's how I felt and remember it). Education and social class don't necessarily go together. > Just because you have a different experience doesn't mean you're the norm or that the argument is invalid. Of course. I think that is implied since that statement is followed by my personal story. However I knew some kids my age that went through a similar experience. It seems in general these type of situations are common in countries that have decent education but ultimately suffer an economic meltdown. So my experience was probably more common for those who grew up in ex-Soviet union and experienced its collapse. We ended up with a lot of educated people who, despite their education, became very poor. Except that in Communist Russia he would have probably "disappeared" into some labor camp in Siberia. We are still far from that. However, at the same time, in Communist Russia nobody had the illusion that it was a free, open, morally superior country. All that propaganda bullshit was recognized as bullshit. Except for some old WWII veterans who believed in the "system", everyone in private knew it was all a spectacle. In case of the American society, the majority still think they live in a democracy, where they can do whatever they like, say whatever they like, that the government doesn't spy on them, doesn't put people on black lists, that searches are really "random" and so on. And I like how the FBI agents want to talk about "human rights". Wow! Such a cheap shot at creating rapport. They couldn't really come up with anything better !? You wouldn't really expect the White House and Pentagon to sit and watch as a bunch of "kids" are revealing their dirty laundry !? All the classified "dirty laundry" -- not security related stuff, like nuclear launch codes, but rather "shameful" acts. They are very good at propaganda and so went full steam with it. A couple of themes emerged from that effort. 1) "Obama knows about these problems and is already handling it". This is a great use of propaganda. It both makes the leaked documents "un-interesting" and it makes Obama look good. I've heard this one on the radio and in a couple of other sources. It is often regurgitated verbatim without any supporting evidence how Obama has improved the situation. 2) "This will hurt our troops". This is also a great propaganda line because it plays on the existing framework of "support our troops". Nobody wants to hurt the son or husband of their neighbor in their small town. Wikileaks is not exposing cover-ups and mis-management of resources, death of civilians, it is "hurting our soldiers". This appeals to the middle America. "Those Wikileaks kids might as well just shoot our boys in the back" kind of feeling. 3) Now, in the Defcon case. They just hope to scare any hackers or anyone thinking of contributing or collaborating with Wikileaks. The implication is that "you might also get a visit from FBI" or "You might get randomly search everytime you fly. Are you prepared to make that choice?" Again that is very effective. Now I am not saying that there is necessarily a unified, centrally controlled propaganda campaign, it could be just an emergent behavior from a bunch of govt. agencies. That's a good example. Yeah I remember being shocked at the lack of media coverage and indignation over the case, also at other Americans' indifference to it all. I guess if you don't restrict my comment to just American citizens, then yes, we have crossed into the "fascist police state" territory a while back. > We have no way of knowing how many other people this has happened to. Very good point. We only know about the people who have "disappeared" unsuccessfully from the point of view of the ones doing the "disappearing". Of course the point is for there to not be any evidence. The better they are the harder it is to convincingly blame them. If you know Python you can experiment with some graph algorithms using NetworkX ( http://networkx.lanl.gov ). Check out the tutorial: http://networkx.lanl.gov/tutorial/tutorial.html > But this is risky, because the bubble's only going to burst when the government gets around to changing policies. Out of curiosity, how would the govt change their policy to improve the situation? Should they just stop subsidizing the loans? Or should they let students declare bankruptcy if their promised dream job doesn't matterialize when they graduate? I think regulating the deceptive marketing should also be considered. There is a huge discrepancy between the advertised ROI and actual ROI. People should be made aware of the actual ROI of a college degree. Then a lot less will be willing to spend $100K to get a piece of paper after 4 year that turns out not to help them much after all. It is hard to apply those across the board. Perhaps there should be fees associated with participation in any of those extra-currilar socialization events. If the student wants to participate they should pay for it. Other students and their parents shouldn't have to pay to subsidize others' "socialization". I for instance, didn't live on campus. Yet some of my tutition went to paying for various activities and "nice-to-have" social things others did participate in. I would have liked to opt-out and get a cheaper tuition instead. Yes, depending on how the access and security is setup. If the user has access to the database, they can just open the _design document and edit the html template, JavaScript code, the view, list and show functions. For those that are still confused a bit, couchapp takes advantage of the fact that couchdb is accessed via a RESTful interface. Documents and databases are identified and accessed with URLs. Typically your client and couchdb speak JSON to each other. When you GET a resource, you just get back a JSON object. However: 1. You can change the format of what you get back. You can also return back XML, HTML, XHTML, etc., instead of JSON. 2. You can add attachments to documents. Attachments can be images, html pages, anything. You can specify the content type and couchdb will happily serve those when you click the attachment resource URL. CouchApp takes advantage of those 2 things. It renders html page templates saved as document attachments, and fills those in with data from some view (read: query), and then returns HTML. It basically cuts out the traditional middle layer by performing that work inside the database. Combined with the fact that replication works so well in couchdb, you can just move your web app just by replicating a database: a one-step process. It depends how you set it up. But think about all the starving accountants. Think about their children!!! > I mean, if a small band of hunter-gatherers is led by a single tribal leader with complete power, he can pay them nothing. But that doesn't mean he can make ICBMs for peanuts. Why not? He captures or pays off someone from US who has the know-how, and if he has an industrial base, natural resources they sure can do it. That is what the soviets did. A lot of their technology was pirated from the West. The atomic bomb, or most of the computer chips and operating systems (by the late 70s). > America's supposed moral superiority depended quite a bit on believing the rhetoric... That is one thing that America excels at -- propaganda. Along with some other so called "democracies", it can at the same time install brutal regimes, kill and start wars all over the world _and_ somehow mentain its relatively stable propaganda image as a "peacemaker", "example of democracy", "human rights advocate" and so on. Anyone who studies history or is seriously interested in the current world affairs will recognize the propaganda for what it is. But interestingly enough, very few Americans do. A lot of them have a very skewed image about their own country, they believe in "moral supperiority" that US has over any other country in the world. The level of self-censorship and delusion even among "educated" intellectuals, the media, the majority of the population is astounding. In the ex-Soviet Union, we knew propaganda was propaganda. Except for some really crazy people, nobody believed in the system. Even those at the top. For example, it was interesting to observe how ex KGB agents, supposedly the ones most devoted to the communist cause, became uber-capatillists practically overnight in the quick grab of power and resources after the collapse. Thank you This is some basic psychology stuff. I remember my professor talked about this in college. For example, to find out about a person, during a job interview, present them with a hypothetical situation where someone does something unusual. Or something doesn't go as planned. Then ask the interviewee to explain why the hypothetical person did what they did. For example: "Susan is falling behind on her project. What happened?" Then then let the the interviewee come up with a reason. "Well, of course, she is stupid and doesn't know how to finish her work" would be one answer. Or "She has tons of personal problems that get in the way" and so on. Well, that is a very much a contrived example. Perhaps it is more useful in clinical study as it is a little too obvious. So maybe ask them about a mutual acquaintance, or the previous boss... Also, beware, a lot of people know about this trick, and could just fake it. I.e. they might just really hate the person they are talking about but they know the reason the question was asked so the lie -- "Oh, that person is fantastic. My skills pale compared to hers/his, they are great, yada yada..." > Just a guess, but Linux kernel development has always had a sort of anti-academic view, That doesn't prevent almost all realtime-related academic papers and research to be focused around linux. Simply put linux is practical. It has a large mind-share, it has a lot more drivers, and most importantly it is being very actively developed. Sadly enough a lot of academic-only projects last on average 4 years before they die off -- that is usually the time someone takes to do their PhD. One can also argue that realtime OS-es are largely driven by a practical need from the industry side of things rather than from an academic perspective. > the NetBSD kernel for academic work are more interested specifically in NetBSD and contributing back to it. That also means one would have to be a NetBSD enthusiast and also a realtime enthusiast. The intersection of those 2 sets is probably fairly small. Also industry is profit driven. It is hard for an employer to justify spending time and money to get papers published when there are bugs to be fixed and products that have to roll out. Well I am not sure what you mean by "works"? It is designed to reveal certain personality traits. As for research, start with the study mentioned in the article. (It is behind a $12 pay-wall. Perhaps you know someone at a university that can get it for you, or your local library might subscribe to the journal. I have access to it, but I will not distribute it.) "Perceiver effects as projective tests: What your perceptions of others say about you." Wood, Dustin; Harms, Peter; Vazire, Simine, Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, Vol 99(1), Jul 2010, 174-190. Here is an excerpt from the abstract: --- ... results provide compelling evidence that how individuals generally perceive others is a stable individual difference that reveals much about the perceiver's own personality. --- I knew a lot of hardware hackers who did this as a side-business. They would find old electronic equipment and sell to someone else who, would sell it someone else and so on, until all that hardware ended with someone who had a large vat of acid just lying around. It was in Eastern Europe, where, as everyone knows, people just have large vats of H2SO4 lying around in their back yard ;-) If you know someone at an electronics recyling facility, or someone who repairs TVs, or computers. Basically you first have to have access to all those boards, then you can think of setting up your business. I guess some cultures and countries regard photographs as just documentary evidence of what the subject looks like. Or what the situation is like. If everyone is dancing and singing, then there would probably be lots of laughing people in the shot. But is accidental, not because the photographer is trying to tease out a smile by saying something silly like "cheese". And then, if it is just a portrait, then it makes sense to have a neutral expression... I encountered this clash of cultures when I came to America from Eastern Europe. Everyone looking at my family photos immediatly assumed everyone was very unhappy because the subjects don't smile. I usually got the "Oh so sad, everyone was so unhappy, it was probably because of communism...?". Nevermind that it is a picture of a large family picnic, with plenty of food, kabobs grilling in the background -- basically all the indications that everyone was having a good time (and I know they were because I was there as well). Yet, I always get the "unhappy people" sympathy comment. It always baffles me... > This was Google's moment to change the world. It is Google's moment. They will change the world, as soon as they start controlling who gets access to what on the internet along with Verizon and others. > ... responsibility we projected on them as being a smart company That is really our fault not theirs. We are the ones fooled by their marketing and moralistic mission statements. > They seem to be the first US company to happily surrender to the telecoms. Google exists to make money. If surrendering to the telecoms makes money then that's what they'll do. > I can't believe they're doing this. It's mind boggling. What truly boggles the mind is the number of smart people here who are completely enthralled with Google, and believe it is a source of pure good in the world, fighting those evil companies on behalf of the little guy. Google is a great company and I admire it for building such an exceptional image of itself in the eyes of tech community. It is a good company not because it saves the world or feeds the hungry, but because it makes money. In other words "evil enough so it cannot be rationalized away" in the face of "free lunches"? -- Probably not. Worse things have been rationalized away by people... > That's a rather naive view of a complex question. Absolutely correct. I thought someone would call me out on that so let me explain in more details: It is still about making money. It is about the expected ability to keep making money in the future. I was talking about maximizing the global future returns function (you can think of it as the stock value). This function is some composition of the 3 functions you broke it down to. That still doesn't change the goal. However,as you argue, there is a set of decisions that when taken, might lead to maximizing short term profit at the expense of long term profit. Google traditionally tried to maximize the long-term, by positioning itself on the positive side of the moral spectrum -- it is their well-known "do no evil" mission statement. This of course could just be pure PR. Or, if not, it could have resulted in taking some short term losses (not getting involved with repressive governments around the world, for example) while increasing long term gains (attracting the right kind of geeks who actually care about morals, human rights, freedoms, etc.). [As a quick side node on such moral mission statements, one can argue that the losses taken as a result of defending a moral stance, might be a good measure of how serious and sincere that moral stance really is. I am not passing any judgement on Google one way or the other here, just pointing out a general guideline]. The bigger the company got, the more likely that short-term gains will be emphasized. The company has stopped being identified with the personae of the original founders. Consequently it's moral properties have been slowly pushed aside and it became just another faceless multi-billion dollar behemoth. Don't get me wrong, I like Google. It is making me money. I bought stock in it. But, I never bought into its "morality" message. I just assumed it was a PR trick to attract the right talent. It worked great, you have to give it to them. Eventually they'll have to rely on PR again, when that bubble bursts to minimize the damage to it "good" public image. Perhaps, now is such a time... I hope that is the case and not just us under-estimating its PR department's ability to manipulate us. > ... but it's a double edged sword if they're going to ride that reputation (China, open standards, open platforms, etc) and selectively duck the responsibility at other times. Very well and succinctly put. It would probably be better if they never took a moral stance because they now risk getting judged by it, and thus appearing to be hypocrites. That would create sort of a moral void, if you wish, ready for some other company to position itself into. At the same time the moralistic motto was probably what propelled Google well ahead of others. When I think back, I wanted to work at Google because it was a "do no evil" kind of company. That kind of image will attract certain people. So if it was just a marketing ploy or they actually had to take short term losses in order to abide by their mission statement, it has served them well initially. We'll just have to wait and see what happens in the future. I think they will start to abandon their moral stance slowly and turn into another faceless multi-billion dollar company. I don't claim it is a bad thing. I had never bought into its morality anyway, I just bought its stock! Life is not fair objectively but there is the belief that it _ought_ to be fair. That makes a big difference. It is part of the common sense protocol of interacting with people. _Most_ people will assume that life ought to be fair, they also assume that others assume the same thing. This belief in fairness can be exploited by sociopaths and those who end up in power. Of course, one can argue they ended up in a position of power because they exploited others' "fairness" expectation. This probably has implications for how crime and punishment is treated by different cultures. The strong belief in a universal justice often gets used by the penal system to punish criminals in proportion to how much "retribution" the victim (or their family) demands. This is usually veiled in a some kind of a "the victim's family needs closure" type argument. At the same time, I think, this revenge based justice is a result (and a perversion) of a universal religious justice that many members of the society have (had?). The idea that life is fair even beyond life, and afterlife is a place where retribution and rewards are dealt with. It is interesting how for such a Christian nation, America has such a harsh penal system -- one would expect all those Christians to just let the criminals be punished in the afterlife. EDIT: some syntax errors, clarity I guess the point is that it indirectly reflects the hypocrisy and highlights the lack of faith in the religious beliefs for those who profess them. In other words, the extreme expected outcome would be to either forgive, or to not forgive and let afterlife take care of delivering the just reward or punshment. Neither one of those choices should result in severe punishment for criminals just for the sake of revenge. > Believing that a christian nation wouldn't be able to have such a harsh penal system is naive at its best. I do not actually believe that. I was arguing more as a logic exercize, to highlight the inherent inconsistency and hypocricy in how the judicial and legal system is setup vis-a-vis the prevalent religious beliefs in this country. However they did meet with Verizon behind "closed doors" to agree on a common definition of what "net neutrality" is. Yes, it is not as infamatory as "let's implement something together and screw everyone else". > We remain committed to an open internet. Of course they do. No company we'll say - "we want to control the internet and everyone's access to it". They'll say somethig like "we want to expand more options for consumers", "we are helping deliver better content", and of course "we want an open internet". They are the ones being accusses of working out a deal behind consumers' back so their PR department will say something nice to soften the blow. The only way to figure it out is to wait and see what happens. You'll have to forgive me if I don't take Google's PR department's word for it. Invest in some online colleges? Those who lost their jobs due to efficiency and technology improvements are going to become the target customers of many of those online schools in hopes to switch to a new sector. They will take on a large amount debt as a result and might never actually be able to find jobs -- but the colleges need now worry about that -- they'll get payed by the government... > Jacques, you're one of my favorite posters here, but I really disagree with this sentiment. I agree with Jacques, and I actually lived in the Soviet Union half my life. > American things cost more is they can't just grab a scientist or engineer and say, "Build this for us, or else..." Really? You think that's how these things were built. With soldiers holding engineers at gunpoint? I understand Western propaganda is of the highest quality but sheesh... I had no idea they had you brainwashed that well. The truth is engineers who built these were very good engineers who got payed very well. It was a very prestigious profession to have. It came with a better apartment and other perks. > but we should also mention the very real costs and atrocities they committed to get these projects done. Please, spare us the propaganda. I am assuming you are American or British. What about their attrocities? Or let me guess, American bombs are only to kill "terrorists" and "enemy combatants" while their enemies' weapons conduct "atrocities". What about all the countries in South America, or Vietnam? Who helped commit those attrocities? > "literally human blood, sweat, and tears" There were a lot of engineers who would have love to shed some "blood, sweat, and tears" working on such a project. /Yes, I am beign sarcastic... I am not Russian but I lived in the Soviet Union, and I think your impression is a different than mine. From what I remember, being an engineer on such a project was a very prestigious job. It came with many perks that others didn't have. > It's surprisingly easy to meet a budget in a totalitarian state... That is true, but not because engineers are working in a Gulag. It is because of how a central-planning economy works. Now of course you can argue that the whole country was one big Gulag and there is truth to that, but engineers working on these submarines probably were much, much better off than peasants in some corner of Siberia... Excelent point. But you see the iPhone is an American product, so it's human costs somehow are excusable. These subs were the product of an enemy state, so they are not excusable. > I think with coercion pvg refers to the use of 'perks' (such as education for your kids and the privilege of being able to buy in the hard currency stores) I think that relatively to other professions, engineering was actually prestigious. I was on awe of my uncle and father who were engineers and wanted to be like them. American kids today want to either play professional sports, be lawyers, CEO, or doctors. In ex USSR engineering was a relatively good profession to have without having to necessarily be involved too much into the party politics. The perks were no more coercieve than having health insurance tied to the job + mortgage payments in America. > As for the oppression bit, the satellite states of the USSR were fairly ruthlessly kept in check, lots of very bad things happened there, more than we will probably ever know about and there are definitely examples of scientists that were forced to work on projects that they did not want to work on, such as Theremin. That is true and that is a serious problem. We are yet to have the equivalent of Nuremberg trials for ex Soviet Union apartchiks and those who co-operated with them. I am not excusing them on a absolute moral ground. On a relative moral ground, I would like Americans to stop thinking their empire is less coersive and repressive. It treated many countries around the world very brutally, it installed ruthless fascist dictators all through South America and Asia. They are still fighting wars in the Middle East and "brave" drone pilots in Langley, VA are risking their lives daily driving to work so they can play video-games and with a push of a joystick putton assasinate individual we'll never know or hear about in a country we are not even at war with... So yes, I am for critisizing imperialism and oppression, but I am for doing so for all the imperialism and oppression not just the ones that the popular propaganda machine wants to critisize. > No but you have to look at the entire value chain. Yes but there was more equality than it is now in the west among the richest and the poor. Healthcare, education (all, even higher!), and apartments were provided by the state. Think how much you make vs how much you spend for you house ($500K / 30 years?). What about about your healthcare over you lifetime $5M? Or college education $100K? If you didn't have those expenses, you might get by with just $15K/yearsin some parts of the US. Yes all those things were of the lowest quality but they were _there_. The oppression and gulags were there too, I am not excusing them at all. As I replied in another post, the coercion was no less than the coercion someone is under in US when their health insurance is tied to their job, they have mortgage payments to pay, and they have to buy an expensive house in a good school district. I understand that we love to paint everything in ex-Soviet Union with wide black brush stokes, but speaking from personal experience that is just inaccurate. Wrong: Arguing from one example. Yes, they had sharashkas up until 1953. There is no excuse for that, but implying that all engineering was done there is just ridiculuous. It is like saying everyone was stupid and any work that was done was just because someone put a gun to their head. That kind of a message is disingenuous at best and smells like propaganda at worse. Nevermind the fact that Typhoon was commissioned 30 years later after sharashkas were closed. So it doesn't even apply to the article at hand. However, if you are implying some kind of American moral superiority then look at how Americans used Nazi rocket engineers. Also, they appropriated and used most of the research done by the Japanese at Unit 731 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_731 . There were no Nuremberg trials for those (except some trials in Russia) and some of those working there ended up as heads of big pharma in Japan after the war. Yes. The point was that if food is cheap, and other stuff is provided, perhaps you don't have to pay your engineers $150K/year. If you can centralize all the education, housing and healthcare you can provide it cheaper for each person. Well of course , the system was broken and eventually fell appart. But I was just highlighting that just because those particular engineers didn't make the equivalent dollar amount / year that US engineers made doesn't mean they had a proportionally lower standard of living, that is all. > It included inability to travel, participate in the political process, no significant right to dissent, the constant risk of losing one's livelihood (and 'perks) for purely political reasons, severe restrictions on the ownership of private property, etc, etc, etc That did not include engineers only. It was true for everyone. But that doesn't mean people were crying on the streets and committing suicide. Engineers that never participated or cared to participate in dissent or political activities didn't have it bad. No homes with 2 car garages but a decent standard of living. A good apartment, healthcare, 1+ month seaside resort vacation, health care, education for your children. All those thing were included. > Did Soviet engineers and scientists enjoy a fairly reasonable standard of living? Many did. But the comparison to the US and health care is ludicrous on its face. They had a significantly better health even if they became unemployed than someone in US would have if they became unemployed (which is none at all). > But the comparison to the US and health care is ludicrous on its face. Why is it ridiculous? I will take ex Soviet health care rather than no health care or healthcare that results in you having to sell your house and live on the streets. They had good doctors and stressed preventive care just as much as emergency care (which is the case in US nowadays for many who cannot afford health insurance). You can bash the political system all you want. I am with you with that. But I don't think you know what you are talking about when it comes to other stuff. If you don't mind me asking, have you lived there or are you just taking an wild guess? > Did Soviet engineers and scientists enjoy a fairly reasonable standard of living? Many did. I thought that is the whole point of this discussion thread... > Friendships were real and lasted a lifetime in many cases, family ties were fairly closely knit and children were on the whole loved and safe, much safer than those 'free' children in the west. That is what I miss. We used to spend more time together. It is not that we didn't work hard, we did, but there was just more time to spend with the family and friends. Then after the collapse for some reason people, even in my extended family, changed. They started hating each other more. There is less sencerity and closeness. It is hard to explain. Interesting that you noticed that as well. I thought it only happened to my family.... > You said engineers were not prisoners. I would be willing to bet you that engineers working on the Typhoon class submarines were not prisoners. In general engineering was an esteemed and respected profession. Think lawyers and doctors in US. These are all general statement relating to the situation in Soviet Union based on a personal experience. Your comment made it sound like "no, that is _wrong_ most engineers were prisoners". That is just simply wrong. There we some engineers who were also prisoners. But most of them were not. Those engineers that worked on building submarines were doing very well. That was a very prestigious job. Again think about someone being a stock broker or a corporate lawyer in US. > The Wikipedia article states that. Do you really believe that Khruschev, just because he chose to oust Stalin, gave up on such a convenient source of scientific labor? Alright the history of the Soviet Union might have been obscured and covered in secrets but you forgot one important thing -- the Soviet Union fell apart. It lasted only 70 years and people from the 50s are still alive. So no matter how much the Soviets tried to rewrite the history, as long as there are still millions of eye witnesses it is just not possible. > I have no idea where you found anything in my post about American moral superiority. You are right, you didn't say it. I put those words in your mouth because I thought you implied it. The reason I thought that is that your perception of the situation in the ex-Soviet Union, especially as far as the naval engineering goes, is completely wrong. Being that you refuse to admit that it is wrong, leads me to believe that you are just drumming up the same boring Cold War propaganda that we've heard before from the Americans -- stuff like "in Soviet Union everyone was in a Gulag", ... , "any progress was made just because people were prisoners and forced to work",... and so on. I am not excusing or romanticizing the ex Soviet empire. I am glad it fell, I didn't like. I want to be able to write whatever crap I want online without the fear of someone knocking on my door and so on. BUT painting everything with a broad black brush is just wrong. Life in the Soviet Union was not hell, people were not crying on the streets, everyone had their basic needs taken care of, crime was law and so on. No matter how much we want to hate it, we cannot re-write that, because that as well would just as dishonest and wrong. This is very important for programmers. You need to take a walk to recharge your batteries. To clear you mind. Well, it works for me anyway. Do it during lunch, after work, after dinner. On the weekend , for a longer walk. Parks and trails work best. Less crowded streets in the city work as well. Don't rush, just walk slowly. Observe things. If you end up thinking about the problem your are working on, that's fine, if you notice a bird's nest, that's fine too. Walk like you have no place to be, look around. You will feel weird at first, but that's fine. Try not to care about that. Think of it as something between meditation, relaxation and exercise. Sort of a all-in-one. It's easy. There is nothing you have to do to plan for it, no special gear to buy, all you need to do is to say "I want to take a walk" and then ... take a walk. > I think part of the point is that there is something deep-seeded in our culture that punishes idleness. I observed the same thing. I have lived half my life here, half in Eastern Europe. I remember we used to take walks with my family after dinner growing up. Here in US it is harder because it is so unusual. I guess life is faster paced, but I think at some point it becomes counter-productive. Being fast-paced works very well for manual labor, not for problem solving. Hard problems can only be solved on a clear, rested mind, sometime a walk does just that. It's a hack because it is an unusual or counter-intuitive way of solving a problem. Or meta-solve a problem -- recharge your mental batteries so when you get back you solve your real problem better, if you wish. This is just as much a hack as articles about exercise or nutrition are a hack. They hack the hackers, who ... hack. > It's stupid. Take a walk. Good idea ;-) Just for you: follow the last instruction only. Good idea. It will force you to slow down a bit too, which is a good thing. It is hard to look up while walking fast. Thank you for posting that. All those points resonated with me. It made me think of the past and remember. Lighten up people, it was a joke... sheesh There is an exception: unless you are large enough corporation or you are the state. It works rather well... > But we don’t have those problems around here. All of our cops around here are good cops. ... no reason for anyone to feel they need to record police officers in Crawford County. My personal rule: As soon as any official says that about their deparment one should assume the opposite and suspect, corruption and abuse of power and authority. > The self-credulity of the interviewees is amazing. I often wonder if public officials have some kind of special newspeak training or do they just internalize the rules implicitly as part of their job. > Why do we need to put faith and trust in authority figures? Because they just told us to. Didn't you read him telling us they are all good cops and we should trust them? Should you just put signs on the back of your vehicle, and on your t-shirt that say by talking to you others implicitly grant their permission to be videtaped? > This looks a lot like monocle (Python) and async.js (JavaScript), which do the same thing. Actually Diesel used to be more like monocle using yields. But the point of the article was that they re-wrote Diesel to use greenlet in Diesel 2. It is a rather different approach. Yes, underneeth they all have a select/poll/epoll event loop but greenlet is a lot cleaner approach for some use cases. I use eventlet ( http://eventlet.net/ ) which sits on top of greenlet. So far, I am very satisfied with it. I moved to it from Twisted. It felt like moving from Java back to Python. Thanks Denis gevent is sweet, I monitor the project and might switch to it one day. As of now I still use some of the eventlet-only features like thread pools and subprocess handling. Performance has not been a problem yet as well. I imagine gevent is faster since it sits on top of libevent ... > Deflation also pushes people with large home mortgages closer to the brink ... > thas the potential of making the housing crisis much worse for everyone. The housing "crisis" happened because people were getting large home mortgages. There shouldn't be people with large home mortgages. I interpret "large" here as bigger than they can chew. If they can't afford their home, they can't afford their home -- time to scale down to a small condo or start renting. Why are we proping up people with large home mortgages and rewarding their stupid buying decisions? > who saved enough to buy a house, If you saved enough to buy a house then live in your house. If you're moving around then don't buy houses. They are places to live. Your problem is that you want them to be investment vehicles to increase your wealth. Well, if they are investment vehicles then you also have to accept that you will make a bad bet and will lose in value. You want your cake and eat it too. It is like stock investors crying that Intel shares lost value. Well, then they shouldn't have invested in Intel, they should have put their money in a savings account. > Google has always been known for their lofty ideals ... Notice you said "they are _known_ for their lofty ideals" it doesn't mean they live by their ideals. > They are the company you can trust to walk away from billions... If they already make hundreds of billions, walking away from 1 billion doesn't seem that bad in exchange for a PR win and more billions comming in the future. > We saw that in their interactions with China. We saw that when they owned up to the data they accidentally collected driving down the street. We saw that when they changed their rules to make it harder for spammers to put adsense on temporary landing pages. My personal measure for company idealism is this : "the amount of revenue (both long and short term) they are willing to give up in order to abide by their ideals". Was China a major market for them? No. They raised a PR stink only after they realized it was lost cause and they might as well drum up some PR points for it. Then capturing of too much private data -- well, if it was a lawsuit coming because somone could have leaked it, there's not much idealism at work there as damage control. Changing their rules to block spammers -- also just trying to cut out the irrelevant noise, to make their ads more focused. > I've been a Google fan boy for a long time but this week they lost my respect. I have set asside my respect for Google after their IPO. Not because they did anything wrong, but because I knew it would come to this. Don't get me wrong, they are still a good money making machine, but that's all they are -- a big friggin' money making machine. Google doesn't have a soul, it doesn't have a moral sense, it is here to make money. If it stops making money it wil vanish. If telling people you are "good and not evil" makes money, they'll tell people that, if getting in bed with Verizon makes them money -- so be it. I for one, don't blame Google. They are just now performing according to my expectations and behaving like a large, publically owned company should behave. I am still baffled at the large number of intelligent and rational individuals who have been misled by Google's PR over these years. I think a lot of us (at least who were born before the 90s) had these friendships as kids if their family didn't move much. I had a only a couple of good friends, but I had them for 10+ years. We'd stay at each other houses, spend time with each other's families. Play, watch movies, get into fights, goof around and so on. Then eventually, as girlfriends came around, as we went to different universities, different countries, it was hard to keep the same level of friendship. First they become just "acquaintances", then sadly, they become strangers... The point being, I think a lot of us know what the article means, it is just that we failed to hang on to it. In America people just move more. It is hard to foster good friendships without face contact. Don't matter what the resolution of your Skype video, it is just not the same. So, we are stuck. We'll end up spending more time on HN, playing Warcraft, working. Another sensitive issue is that a higher proportion of HN-ers are probably introverts. Nothing wrong with that. I am one too. That means it is easier by default to be lonely. But in the long run it also hurts. > The solution to all of these problems is "simply" to reduce the number of journeys we need to make. I think you are in a agreement with the author of the book on that. The common goal is "less journeys". The difference seems to be in the way to achieve that. He wants to tax those who commute, you, it seems, might want to give incentives to companies to move to suburbs or to let employees telecommute, or to have some kind of tax incentive for employees to move to the city. Whatever method is used it will take decades to make a difference and it will be very unpopular. Making parking $70/day like it is in London in some garages, would destroy Los Angeles. It is a city that is so car centric and pedestrian unfriendly that it would completely cripple it. I personally hate Los Angeles for that reason. Its public transportation sucks, it is filled with a tangled mess of highways, no sidewalks, you end up sitting in traffic for hours, even though the highways are already 8 lanes wide. I would never live there. You forgot one important detail. For the author of the book poor people don't exist and everyone important lives in the cities. Alright, I was being sarcastic. But on a more serious note. The author probably doesn't address at all the suburbs only. America is built of suburbs. But I think the argument he makes applies to large cities only or large cities. His exact point is to tax everyone driving into the city -- poor and rich. The poor ones will be affected first, and will drop out completely and move to a different city or suburb, or pile together in over-crowded city apartments. He basically wants to disconnect the suburbs from the city. You either stay in the burbs, live and work there. Or go to the city and live and work there. Getting the benefit of both is too costly. I am out. I have been gone for many years and just keep watching it from a distance. I am not touching that country with a 10 foot pole. I don't want to go near it. I recently payed a higher price for a plane ticket just not to have to connect through Moscow. Capitalist economy + corrupt judicial system + corrupt government officials at all level = hell for businesses. You cannot do anything unless you bribe or do something illegal. Then if you become successful, both the mafia and the corrupt govt officials come after you. The police threaten to press charges, the mafia offer protection from the charges. You are fucked either way. > I love the people, the food and the culture. I love what I hear from young graduates, I like seeing people smile more and new businesses pop up everywhere. I am sure I would love the people and the food. However the culture and the business environment is rotten. > ...but the risks are manageable, especially when you "zoom out" and face the entire spectrum of possibilities of why your business may fail. When my business fails there I want it to be because I screwed up in my execution, marketing, finance, but not because I didn't bribe the right official enough. If that is the risk, then screw it, I don't want to deal with it there. I am not that kind of a person. And culture. Well, folklore and such, is great. If by culture you mean a culture of alcoholism, bribery and corruption -- then I don't want anything to do with it. > Be my guest and stay out, it only makes me easier to compete because I'm in. Agreed. Will do. One example doesn't prove the rule. That is true. The "anti" corruption police branch is the center of corruption. Everyone who gets anything done business wise has to bribe someone, steal something or defraud somebody. If they become successful they'll get the knock on their door from the "anti-corruption" officials who tells them charges will be pressed since they used "unclean" methods in the past. Unless, of course, you offer to pay even more bribes to bribe the anti-bribery police.... And yes, it is a chicken and egg problem. Even on the cultural level. Starting from the hospital when the baby is born, up through kindergarten, high-school, university and so on there are expected bribes to be payed. So people already grow up with this constant culture of corruption in mind. It is like a latent infection, always there in the background. Patent lawyers who filed that patent would probably laugh at you for talking about kitchen utensils in respect to such an awesome patent idea ;-) I remember seeing those in the store and thinking -- why didn't anyone think of this before !? > capital punishment for drug offences ... > the first crime is punished hard, and the behaviour doesn't re-occur. Of course it "doesn't re-occur" -- the person is already dead the second time around ;-) > I've always been a fan of their numbering scheme and regular release schedule We've started to replicate that as well. It works so much better. Well I guess we'll never know ... What the grandparent post said is correct -- Oracle is a sales company. They sell a seemingly engineering product -- a database. But that doesn't matter. Most organization who buy that database could probably manage with Postgres if they had to (not saying "all", just "most"). So why do they buy it? Because Oracle salesmen play golf well and know how to lose to the right CEO/CIO/CTO person. Yes, Oracle DB is "golfware" not "software". There is a whole ecosystem of training and support that they have built. Keeping that up is worth a lot more than rolling out better software, because that is where the money is coming from. So when the best Sun engineers leave, Oracle managers are probably thinking "good riddance, we could replace them with 10 engineers in India for the same price!" and the sad thing is, -- they are probably correct for the market they are in. It is also very easy in Python: Use generator list comprehensions: (x for x in xs) instead of building the full list: [x for x in xs] Use generators instead of plain functions when you can. Learn to use itertools module: http://docs.python.org/library/itertools.html I use these often: * chain() * imap() * groupby() * takewhile() * tee() * izip() * izip_longest() * permutations() You can make you code quite "lazy" if you practice enough, and eventually it just becomes a habit. Whenever you do anything you start asking yourself : "can I do this in a lazy way?" One of my professors in college encouraged me to do a PhD, get on a tenure track position in some college, and then wait for it ... slack for the rest of my life. Her words were something like: "then you could go to the gym, travel, take it easy, do whatever you want -- they can't fire you." As she was saying it, I realized she was also talking about herself and her own career. Good colleges have well known, hard working professors. Other colleges have some good professors too, but also attract a lot of those who game the system to get a tenure then just sit on their ass until the day they die while getting payed (often the state's public funds). Yes, sure there is pressure from the department head. There is positive re-enforcement for those who seek grants and funding from the industry. Some can get into administrative duties if they don't feel like research and they can boss others around while getting a slightly higher salary. But many just get holed up in their offices, doing shit. Some pretend to "research" crap so outlandish and useless that they might as well not do anything as it is just a waste of resources. I have a stupid question: If helium is so infeasable to extract from air or get from other chemical means. How did US end up with such had such a large supply of helium in the first place? EDIT: The answer to the question is: U.S. Bureau of Mines arranged for five private plants to recover helium from natural gas. For this helium conservation program, the Bureau built a 425-mile (684 km) pipeline from Bushton, Kansas to connect those plants with the government's partially depleted Cliffside gas field. This helium-nitrogen mixture was injected and stored in the Cliffside gas field until needed, when it then was further purified. More info about photographer and his process: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Prokudin-Gorsky His process used a camera that took a series of three monochrome pictures in sequence, each through a different-coloured filter. By projecting all three monochrome pictures using correctly coloured light, it was possible to reconstruct the original colour scene. Any stray movement within the camera's field of view showed up in the prints as multiple "ghosted" images, since the red, green and blue images were taken of the subject at slightly different times. > Because if the CIA (or whoever in the US government) is trying to use another country's legal system to frame someone that would be considered the conducting operations on foreign soil. CIA has been doing that and worse for many years. Look at South America for example. "Using another country's legal system" is just child's play compared to training assassins, installing brutal dictators, and overthrowing democratically elected governments. > they'd be risking a very public international incident Rendition flights in Europe, the rape of South America, torture, and assassinations, training terrorists didn't phase them. Do you really think they'll back down in front of the Swedish press. They can launch their own PR campaign in the US media to protect their image, they certainly have the funds for that. > CIA would have to be pretty reckless Sometimes that would be appropriate as well. Some campaigns are designed to intimidate and make it circumstantially obvious what it is, while still officially maintaining their distance from the case. Exactly. After all these years people still defend the CIA with the phrase "This is so low they couldn't have possibly done it." > were gauging the media response It is not that uncommon to conduct those. They basically rely on the media to just publish verbatim the release. I would be very foolish of them not to use that capability to conduct disinformation campaigns and public response testing before a major operation for example. As for assassination. I doubt they want to go that far in this case. Shaming and publicly discrediting him would be just as effective. They figured Wikileaks is riding a morality-based popularity at the moment. They are the righteous Robin-Hood type guys fighting a big, mean, empire. If they could just make them look "immoral" in any way they could deflate Julian's popularity balloon. Not saying CIA is above assassinations. They have a track record to prove it. But I think in this case they not are ready to take it that far yet. Well I never said they are actually planning to assassinate him. I was just commenting on the fact that assassination are certainly nothing new for them. They assassinate Pakistanis even as we speak using UAVs piloted from Langley. As for Julian. Well, I think the best way to deal with him is to smear his moral stance. You see Wikileaks is presented to the world as standing on a high moral ground, fighting a warmongering and murderous giant empire. It is the classic "good little guy" vs "big bad guy" battle. So far the little guy is doing very well. So the best way to deal with Wikileaks "problem" is to pop its moral balloon. Implicate them in child porn, rape, molestation -- anything that would completely discredit them. And it just looks like Julian has actually been accused of rape in Sweden, a country he just happened to set up some of his servers and where he planned on staying a while. Maybe it's a coincidence and not connected to the CIA at all -- but somehow I doubt it. On another point. I think if any of the adversary intelligence agencies managed to actually assassinate him and made it look like a CIA job -- it might turn into a major win for them by making CIA look bad. As someone mentioned, I think this is a media test and a warning of the things to come. They probably asked 2 women to cry "rape" to see 1) how media and people would react and 2) to discredit him. It doesn't matter if charges never stick -- it discredits him by creating doubt. It is the basic "OJ trial" situation -- "just because we couldn't convict doesn't mean he is not guilty" -- so just convicting someone and having all the media report it, is enough to tarnish Julian's morality image. And it just so happens that Julian and Wikileaks is on a higher moral ground and that is what keeps them popular. They are the modern day information Robin-Hoods. If they can be made to look immoral their image and credibility will forever be destroyed. No matter if charges don't sick. As for the warning. I think some operations that CIA engages are intentionally not kept too secret as to serve as a warning and intimidation without actually putting in a press release. It is basically the same tactics that FSB (ex KGB) used when they assassinated Litvinenko. They could have probably arranged an armed robbery or freak car accident, but by using radioactive polonium with traces all the way to the Sheremetovo, they issued a loud and clear threat to anyone willing to criticize or betray the FSB in the future. It would be interesting if CIA managed to send in one of their young sexy female agents to pose as a journalist, sleep with Julian and then cry rape so charges can be filed and he can be discredited. As an interesting aside. KGB back in the 40-50 used sometimes use their female agents to set up honey pot operations. They would entrap foreign diplomats or nationals, then under threat of blowing their cover, try to get them to collaborate. I like to observe people who are by themselves when I am out. It is probably because I feel awkward sometimes when I am out by myself. For example, in a cafe or a in a park, a lot people who are by themselves fiddle with their cell phone, read a book or pretend to do something else. In other words, they perform an activity that they could be performing at home without having all these people around. Yet, they chose to go out and be among others. They don't talk to others, they don't even look at others in an obvious way, they seem to be pre-occupied and ignoring everyone, but on a certain level I think they are there more to be with others and whatever else they are doing is just a random activity they do so as not to look too weird staring at strangers. (That probably means that I am the weird one staring at everyone...) That is true. A small town also has the downside of constant rumors and everyone being into every one's business. Stuff like "did you hear so and so is pregnant!?" or "he bought a Mercedes, where does he get the money, doesn't he work at the post office?" and stuff like that. Some of it is innocent, some can interfere with other's lives where they would want to run away. So true. This "American Dream" is basically a bed-time story for the children so they can feel good about being American. It is also everyone's favorite "rags to riches" story. If you just work hard enough you can be anything you want to be. Judging by the disappearance of the middle class and the enrichment of the very few at the top, it looks like Americans are just terribly lazy. They just simply _choose_ not to work hard enough. No fucking wonder they can't relax during their 3 week vacation. They feel like the should have accomplished a lot more given their 10 hour days + only 3 week vacation but there is still no result. So obviously they haven't worked hard enough, so while they are at the beach with the family, perhaps they should just check their work email or call the office to see how things are going there. If they work _just_ a little harder they, might get that white picket fence, 2 care garage, kids' college fund will be full and maybe, just maybe, the bosses at the end of the year will spare a couple thousand as "generous" reward for the hard work. All the sarcasm aside. The root of the problem is horrible labor laws in US + laws protecting corporations. Everything is geared to please the corporations not the individuals. No mandated vacations, no mandated 2 week+ termination notices, no public health insurance, inflated college tuition, expensive over-inflated mortgages, while the culture keeps telling us that we can achieve the "American Dream" if we just work hard enough. Also "American Dream" is one of the greatest propaganda motifs. Any candidate can apply those 2 words to any agenda they want and it will be swallowed hole, no questions asked, because it evokes such strong, warm, fuzzy emotions. Oh don't worry, the CIA has got that under control ;-) The problem is this. If you only get 3 weeks vacation / year, you usually leave 1 for family holidays (extended xmas, thanksgiving week), another for emergencies and then another 1 week for a traveling vacation with the family. In one week you can't get anywhere too far. You end up spending 2-3 days just traveling if you go half way around the globe. Then you only have 4 days left to actually have a "vacation". It's hard to relax in 3-4 days before having to pack your bags again. So I think people just shove as much stuff as they can into those 4-5 days and they have an "active" vacation -- because then it seems to them like they did more, but that often ends up being just as stressful as working (at least to me). > is there some better way to spend a vacation? Another way to do it is to go to a lodge in the mountains for 2 weeks. Hike, relax in a hot tub, read, enjoy some time together with the family, not browsing the web or reading work emails, not rushing anywhere. Another option is the beach. I have no problem laying on the beach listening to the waves for hours. Just give me the time. Sure I like an "active" vacation -- but I also like to have the options for a relaxing "do nothing" vacation as well. That is what recharges my batteries at least. The typical American vacation time doesn't allow too much for that. Just tell them it's "trickle down economics" and watch their head explode. Or maybe they'll pat you on the back, and give you hug out of pity... I was surprised to learn that GE owns NBC, Telemundo, and Universal Pictures. I know what it is. I don't really watch TV shows much. Parks and Stone found that unselfish colleagues come to be resented because they "raise the bar" for what is expected of everyone. As a result, workers feel the new standard will make everyone else look bad Please. People don't like others who raise the bar. This is not news. The same thing can be said about co-workers that work harder. Sure others don't like them because during the performance review they will be compared to them. That might be a hot or controvercial subject depending what potential banking or other corporate interests it might go against. Banks might not like the fact that a new generation of consumers wants to save too much, don't want to carry a credit card ballance, don't want to buy homes with mortgages they have to pay for 30 years, would rather buy a used car with saved money instead of finanancing it and so on. As much as the media harps about "financial illiteracy" there are also industries that thrive on that illiteracy. In general whenever there is illiteracy someone will take advantage of it. In this case I think it is a multi-billion dollar business. That business will try to go against education. It could very well be that lobbyist for large financial institutions would try to influence the curriculum. It would "court" the state education systems to make sure the "right" stuff is taught in the financial literacy course. I also can see this subject be as hot as religion and politics and perhaps that is also why it is not taught. I guess the difference is that in one case they have to explicitly allow you in -- by issuing the visa. And in the other case, they have to explicitly not let you in (presumably by stopping you at the airport before boarding?). That actually varies as well. Typically one would expect the USC line to always go much faster, and it usually does, but sometime a flight is just full of USC/PR passangers and not many visitors, so you get the opposite effect (happened to me twice). Also now they fingerprint and photograph permanent residents. So what used to be "Hello!" + 2 questions now is "Hello!" + 5 questions + fingerprinting + photographing. But, hey we all feel safer, right !? The sad part is. There is nothing you can say to that. You cannot argue with them. The best you can do is not say anything and take his abuse. Yes in that case it is not. They are just saving you a trip to the embassy and $100+. That's because there is a big difference between reading and understanding. Reading can just mean reading word by word, symbol by symbol then putting the book on the shelf. That ends up happening a lot with material that has a lot of formulas and theorems. It could take days for some to understand just a couple of pages. So basically I not surprised at all that you've met so many people who've read the volumes, but didn't all the subtleties. I think reading the volumes is the next step in status show-off step after buying and putting them on the shelf. Also, as many have pointed that MIX is just too obscure. Not knowing much about doesn't really indicate a lack of theoretical knowledge. I would personally skipped over those chapters. Programming will be easy when problem solving is easy. Programming is solving problems. Some programmers would consider it fun and do it for enjoyment. But for most people programmers just solve a problem. It is just a form of engineering. A civil engineer builds a bridge, a software engineer sets up a web store. At the bottom it is just about knowing how to organize the concepts and them build a system according the specifications. There are tools of course: the language, the platform, programming paradigms, patterns and algorithms. A good programmer will have to be familiar with a large set of those and then pick the best for the job. It is interesting how popular media plays into this. On a Food Network's chef competition on chef made a typical "American" size portion for one of the dishes. The judges really didn't like that. On the other hand typical American restaurants often insert sarcastic lines in their TV ads about how our portions are nothing like "French" portions -- you really get a bang for your buck when you eat here. So it seems like there are 2 very different attitudes and 2 very different types of consumers. Both are catered to by different types of businesses. I think the portion size has also been a hint as to how much a person should be eating. Those have been used more by the food processing industry to "mask" the caloric content of their products, rather than by consumers to modulate their food intake appropriately. I think smugness results from my brain getting too confused as the tie cuts its supply of blood flow and oxygen. Honest, self critical slobs, that are able to view themselves from others' point of view, and still make a conscious choice to be slobs are alright in my book. Why don't European restaurants do it. Is food more expensive there or is it just considered bad form or somehow un-sophisticated to serve giant portions. I would also guess that it depends on the type of food. High quality, fresh organic produce is a lot more expensive, so perhaps for some food items it really is about the price. For example the fish in fish and chips could be some really expensive fish. Doubling the portion would be a lot more than adding another $1 to the cost. > though I still wouldn't ever do it myself) Why do you think that is? Is it that Europeans see eating out as a signal of luxury and asking to take the rest of the food home somehow diminishes that perception ("oh look they must be poor if they are taking that left-over steak home..." kind of attitude). In other words are Europeans just afraid of looking bad, poor or stingy in front of others in a restaurant and Americans just don't care? What if portion size wasn't a problem? Image that Europeans served same sized portions as Americans, would you take your leftovers home to be heated up for lunch then? > People ignorant to nutrition will begin to use this as a free pass to eating even more poorly. One danger would be that they would wash out too many useful substances out of their body by drinking to much liquid. I would also imagine so much liquid dilutes the stomach juices and the food doesn't digest properly. I don't have any scientific basis for this btw, just a hunch. > ... what they are suggesting is filling up with less calorie dense foods Another way to accomplish the same thing (for me at least) is to eat spicier, more flavorful foods. I think it basically comes down to a status signaling mechanism. They are selling a dream to these candidates, so later they can sell these candidates to their clients. And selling is just that -- appearances. I doubt other schools don't have the candidates with the appropriate knowledge. However, I am sure, they do not have candidates that are in $200K+ student dept, and who expect to drive a Porsche bought with the signing bonus from their first job after college, who know the tastes of various types of caviar, and spend their vacations on private islands. One needs exactly these kind of people for your customers to interact with. They exude class, luxury, superiority, and confidence. So it is about signaling a certain status position and it is about giving your client the best ass cover they can imagine. Anyone hiring these consultants can always point to them and say "Look, we had all the best people. If they can't solve the problem, nobody can". These firms tap into that market -- the market for golden scapegoats. And the funny thing is, if the golden scapegoats fuck up, it is not a problem -- on the contrary, bonuses still roll in. The firm doesn't lose reputation. Because, after all, if these guys and gals can't do it, nobody can. The fuck-up is just a demonstration of impossibility of solving the particular problem. > I can't sell you my degree, after all. There is an interesting option. The degree should come with some option to force the university to buy it back at a discount. Say a person couldn't find that promised job after they got their degree, so they can force the university to buy back his diploma for 80% of the price he go it for. All that student's course credits would be expunged. If they claim they have a degree from that university from then on, they would be charged with fraud. I wonder how many people would sell back the diploma in return for the money back. Their advertisement. It's an implicit promise. Yes, some people go because they want to expand their horizons, learn more about the world, network, make friends. However most people go to be able to eventually get a job. "Globalization" is a great newspeak kind of word. It's meaning in the propaganda domain means breaking down of boundaries between nations, free trade, exchange of knowledge, culture, the world becomes a more connected, and of course, a better place for everyone. It's actual meaning is that large corporate entities only get to freely move across national boundaries in order to exploit market (consumer or labor) inefficiencies. China was a boom for a cheap labor market. It will become less so as the standards of living rise. So some companies are eying Vietnam. If Africa stabilizes, it might be next. In fact, in the real sense globalization usually means anti-globalization. In its best form it is using governments in order to set tariffs, international trade restrictions, copyright agreements, immigration policy and so on. The "free trade" is usually the free trade imposed on other, weaker, countries by the corporate of the stronger countries. The propaganda meaning of globalization is very useful in discrediting any of its opponents. The "antiglobalization" protesters are apparently "anti" friendship among nations, "anti" free trade, "anti" cooperation, how silly of them. > it is somehow a little bit surreal to read a call for "A Return to Traditional American Virtues" written by a Swiss professor who works in Germany. But it is somehow OK, since he writes it for the European audience who also doesn't live in America. I guess it would be possible to build a system of perceived American values from abroad. Perhaps with so much information and so much exported American culture (via Hollywood movies for example), it would be possible to get a fairly accurate idea of what American values would be !? But then again, an expert is an expert if there are enough people calling him that, so as long as there are others who share the same (possibly skewed) interpretation, the author will probably be considered now a local expert on Americanism. Hear, hear. I dread having conversations in large groups. Make it a loud bar, and I just find a reason not to go. A conversation with 3 people might work. @ 4+ it just turns into a mess. I either don't say enough, or jump in at the wrong time and cut someone off because I am afraid someone else will jump in. 10% of the brain is one of my favorites. It was perpetuated by someone selling a book that supposedly taught people how to use the "other" part of their brain ;-) And, it also appeals to people who think with a little trick they can massively expand their mental capacity. Everyone loves to think there is a genius sleeping inside of them. All it takes is a magic trick to wake that genius up. Self-esteems is a dangerous one. Trying to somehow artificially increase someone's self esteem I think could be dangerous. It could create an emotional and cognitive dissonance, something like: "My parents and teachers tell me I am so awesome, but I know I cannot do things as well as my peers" or "I am supposed to feel awesome even though I scored in the bottom 30% percent on the test" from my own experience I have seen kids get disillusioned with their parents or teachers and basically stop trusting their opinions, or, even worse, the delusion gets maintained all through adulthood. They grow up arrogant, they continue to under-perform professionally or academically, yet they never consider their own lack of skills or smarts as the reason for the failure, somehow they blame it on others or on circumstances. If you do turn it off, you might end up with a nice pot of soup though ;-) While the author is ridiculing those "silly" Mozilla devs I would like to ridicule the author of the blog. He seems like the person who would try to write "clever" code. Code that not only works correctly but teaches everyone _all_ the intricate operator precedence rules and all the possibly usages of bit operators, perhaps also code where they "cleverly" manipulate the call stack with asm inline instructions to demonstrate their assembly and C knowledge. One thing I know -- that person is dangerous. How do I know? I was (perhaps still am) that person. It was a bad habit and I am still trying to get rid it. It is a veiled show of immaturity and arrogance. Actually polygraph tests kind of work but not for the reasons people think they work. They work only if those administering the polygraph tests manage to convince those taking the test that the polygraph tests work. Security agencies, when their administer the polygraph, will ask the subject how well they are familiar with how polygraphs work. Sometimes they will drop some polygraph test jargons words into the conversation to see if the subject reacts to them. Knowing the truth about the polygraph test usually renders the polygraph test ineffective. Such subjects usually "fail" the test because of attempt to use "counter-measures". As for sphincter muscles, the pin in the shoe, some basic breathing tricks -- those are easily detectable by "expert" polygraph administrators. The danger of polygraph tests is that they actually prevent people who are too honest to pass, but they will let sociopaths or those who lie slightly to pass easier. > There is a definite 'not invented here' syndrome amongst defense contractors Yes. Especially because of contractors. A defense contractor is not going to its competitors in order to reveal and exchange know-how. That know-how is a trade secret that gives them competitive advantage. Except that in this case, lack of sharing results in making the same mistake multiple times, which results in loss of human life. Interestingly lately I have observed that the government is trying to tighten up its defense spending belt and there is a tendency to develop more in-house rather than contract out. In order to gain public support the Congress keeps voting to increase the salary of service personnel. That leaves less money to spend on contracting out. So perhaps we'll see more sharing in the future at least between DoD's own projects. There are compiler intrinsics that can do that but it is not pretty. It depends where that happened. In a few US states (Alabama?) I believe, it is still illegal to sell sex toys! A local raid by CPS (Child Protective Services) that finds sex toys and porn can turn nasty if the local judge, police and other officials feel they can go on a morality campaign, and perhaps choose to find or invent a reason to take the kids away. They might lose in court but a lot of the damage is already done by then. I personally feel that a lot parents have been over-protective and irrational lately not because they have started loving or caring for their children more, but because they are afraid of looking like a "bad parent" while this whole media "child threat" frenzy is going on. I am not a parent so this is totally speculative, I have read not studies or haven't done any research on this. > I had the opportunity to study at the University of Havana in 2009. What are your impressions of the country? It depends what prompts the feeling of 'loneliness' and how people interpret it. From what the article seems to say is that it was a self reported metric of '# of days I felt "lonely" in the last week'. They found that those close to those feeling lonely were loney as well. If we interpret loneliness as an expected social interaction that doesn't take place -- then of course if one person refused to reciprocate or contact their friend, neighbour, or family member that other person will feel lonely, perhaps rejected in some way. So that's the "expected a social interaction that didn't take place" if then that person refuses to engage in social interactions then it turns into a sort of a network effect. > There are so many difficult and important problems around but no one wants to solve them just because there is a huge ??? I have thought about this the other day -- "what has happened to P2P technologies?". There used to be a lot of excitement about it, there was flurry of academic research on distributed consistent hashing, lots of P2P networks appearing, and now, it seems, bittorrent is all that is left of it. Yes, I liked the one where Mr. Grylls jumps into a glacier tunnel to make his way towards the waterfall. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gOVbNftSdQ