Encryption would only stop attackers that are too stupid to grab the encryption key that would be sitting right next to the database. Browser would need to decrypt it, after all, and if browser can so can anyone else. The violation is that adblockers were blocking ads in other 3rd party apps. Manipulating other apps is the violation. This has nothing do with the blocking ads on the web like people are saying. These instead block ads in things like Angry Birds and other apps. > First, Android hasn't solved the updating problem. Sure it has - buy a nexus device, get updates. The rest isn't Google's problem as they aren't Google's devices. > It lacks code-signing Wrong. > Apps have access to a shell. So? The shell they can access can't do anything the app can't. That's like saying apps can run code - no shit, what's your point? > App Permissions, though many people think they help with this problem, actually have nearly no effect whatsoever on the ability to root/jailbreak/privilege escalate on Android. Of course they don't, because those are completely unrelated. iOS's code signing and other stuff hasn't stopped it from getting jailbroken. Complex systems have bugs, who'd have guessed it? Also rooting is an actual feature on some Android phones (such as all Nexus ones) - not an exploit. > Apps can dynamically update their own code at runtime. Yup, and as a result Android users get to enjoy real web browsers, for example. And languages with JITs. > If you wanted to develop a mobile/embedded platform to bring a new generation of users onto the web and into your customer base, you should have spent about 5 minutes figuring out how to do it without opening them up to harm. Android is the way it is because it wasn't believed these design features (aka safety) couldn't be included in the beginning. Wrong. Android is easily the most securely designed OS out there that still allows side loading, period. Not claiming it is the most secure, as there are obviously bugs, but the most securely designed. Desktop OSes are incredibly bad here, and iOS only manages to prevent it by stripping you of all your freedom. Gmail's IMAP supports the IMAP push extensions. I don't know if Apple's Mail app supports them or uses them, but just because it's IMAP doesn't mean it isn't push. Of course they don't deny indirect because that would be a lie. Everyone provides data indirectly via a thing called "warrants". Google publishes how many indirect requests they comply with right here: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests Kind of like this? http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests If you believe this "PRISM" thing exists at all how the media is painting it, your data isn't safe in ANYONE'S hands. Google has way better lawyers to fight that stuff (and clearly DO fight this stuff - see the National Security Letters thing) than most other cloud companies. Google & Facebook have literally said exactly that. You are just refusing to believe them for some reason. False, national intelligence is still covered by Google's transparency report - see the NSL (National Security Letters) part. Google has been by far unquestionably, undeniably the MOST transparent. They were the ones that started disclosing government requests in the first place. They are the ones currently fighting against National Security Letters as being unconstitutional in the courts. If you can find a more transparent company when it comes to government data requests I would love to know about that company. And no shit Facebook and Google are in damage control mode. They'd be in damage control mode regardless of if they are guilty or innocent, this is a huge PR disaster for both of them and nobody seems to give a shit what the facts are - this went from a few bad power point slides to national panic overnight. Being under a gag order is VERY different from being under a "legal obligation to lie". There is no such thing as a legal obligation to lie. You can be under a legal obligation to not disclose it, or to not talk about it, yes, but to lie about it? No, absolutely not. Maybe these companies have VOLUNTARILY lied, that's possible, but that's also rather unlikely as that would suggest they are friendly with the NSA for some reason. Correcting your mistakes is not shameful or pathetic. Simple, you say "no comment". Companies do this all the time. Of course we can go back to business as usual post-PRISM, because PRISM turned out to be absolutely nothing. It's a mundane, boring data storage & analysis system for data obtained through FISA requests about specific individuals. It's not a data dump from major tech companies, it's not a warrant-less spy program, etc... Here: http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/08/18850035-intellig... The people up in arms aren't thinking logically, they are thinking emotionally. That's a terrible way to make any sort of decision. > It is a low view of the NSA to think that they do not have the ability to real-time decrypt SSL certs from every major SSL cert authority. For most SSL certs this is probably true, but Google uses perfect forward secrecy which makes this very unlikely if not damn near impossible: http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2011/11/protecting-... > I still find these numbers fairly high. If cops need a warrant to get into my home why don't they need one to get into my "facebook home"? The COPS do - they are required to get warrants for data requests and those warrants can't be overly broad. The NSA are not cops, though, and somehow ended up with different rules. > but they mention nothing about the allegation that NSA didn't need to submit these requests. That's because everyone has already denied that claim. If you didn't believe them the first thousand times they said they don't do that, why would you believe them if they said it yet again? What are you looking for? The statements have all been made by those companies, and they all deny that any sort of broad data access by the NSA happens. Either FB|Microsoft|Google|Yahoo|etc... are all lying, or Snowden didn't understand what he leaked. I'm betting the later. > The government has already shown us how they are fully capable of lying, and even worse - forcing companies under their control to lie. The government can, and does, lie. The government can NOT force other companies to lie. Nor is the claim that Facebook & others are under the governments control remotely supported by anything resembling evidence. Pretty sure the NSA isn't that stupid to leave that loophole wide open. Similarly Google probably isn't allowed to disclose the past 6 months even in aggregate since they already published specifics. Most links I encounter on the internet are underlined in addition to colored. Apple has historically changed almost nothing between the developer previews and the public releases. There's no reason to think they will start now. Strong selling point WAS consistency. It clearly isn't now, as iOS 7 is hilariously inconsistent with itself even within a single screen. Scrolling repaints the content (expensive) Changing a translate3d does not repaint the content, it simply translates a GPU texture (damn near free) Sadly desktop browsers haven't caught up to their mobile equivalents yet and still have brain dead scrolling. Nope If the phone is off it cannot be remotely accessed, and thus cannot be used as a remote listening device. Which is stupid because of how obviously wrong it is. Batteries that can sustain the cell radio, CPU, and audio DSP are not small and easily concealed, and more importantly tear downs of phones happen all the time and no such reserve power is ever found. > The article linked to above, plus several other sources I've come across suggest you are incorrect. They are wrong. Which is not unusual, news outlets get technical information wrong all the bloody time. Hell, they get things wrong more often than they get them right. > I don't pretend to understand it, but there is some technique that makes your phone into a remote listening device even when off. Nope. > Also -- that's the whole point -- otherwise Snowden would just say "Please turn your phones off". Snowden is a dramatic source, not an accurate one. I'm glad he blew the whistle because it brings the NSA into the media's focus, but technical accuracy is clearly not his strong suit. They sell these devices for $20 or so called "multimeters" that let you measure this. Also there's the pretty fucking obvious fact that the battery suddenly lasts for months instead of hours. source.android.com Sure, but those greeting cards typically don't have quad core CPUs in them, either. You'd have to expand the claim to not only include hidden reserve power, but also hidden reserve memory, CPU, and audio system. Not to mention somehow convincing phone OEMs to actually spend the money adding this system to their motherboards and building it - there's no way in hell you are randomly sneaking that in at the factory without the OEMs knowledge. So now you also have to somehow keep the OEMs quiet about it. In a word, "bull-fucking-shit". > This advice is wrong. Try turning off an older feature phone's regular operating system, and then plugging it in to charge. Many of them will immediately come alive with a "charging" indicator on the screen, even when supposedly powered off. This pre-boot mode is perfectly capable of turning on the mic and recording what's going on. Smartphones do the same thing. But that's triggered by a hardware interrupt (you physically connecting power to an input). You CAN NOT do that remotely, as there must be power on the receiver to receive the signal in the first place. Or here, let's simplify it. Power off your cell phone, then have someone call it. Does it ring? No, of course it doesn't. Your argument is that by changing the caller from your friend to the NSA that somehow the phone would now be able to react to that signal. Which is utterly idiotic. Definitive source is easy as shit - power off your phone, then see if it's drawing any power from the battery. If it's not, then it can't be remotely activated. Period, end of story. That's just flat out not possible. If we had the technology to receive wireless signals without using any power our cell phones would have batteries that last for weeks instead of a day. > NOTE: Moore's law is concerned with number of transistors on a chip. That number has climbed, it's just split into several cores. Exactly, so now Moore's law is working against JavaScript, since JS doesn't do threading. So let's assume JS somehow magically gets to be ~2x slower than native instead of ~4x slower. With the standard being quad cores now, that makes JS ~8x slower than native doing image processing - you know, that whole "instagram" thing that's insanely popular on smartphones. And during that ~8x longer it's spending processing that image, your UI is completely frozen and unresponsive. Yes I know about WebWorkers, but WebWorkers are hideously inefficient & slow by design. The limitations with them are also absurd, it is not a substitute for threading. The world is better off forgetting that they exist - which it basically has. You know who else cooperates with the NSA? The Linux community. You know, that whole "SELinux" thing? Yeah, that's an NSA project. Turns out cooperating with the NSA doesn't automatically mean spying on the public, it could instead be hardening crypto security. Which is the NSA's other job, it turns out. Apple was probably the last approached as until fairly recently they didn't have any data as their cloud services were categorical failures. Yahoo still ranks far, far behind Google (and Twitter, and Dropbox, and etc...) according to the EFF: https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/who-has-your-back-20... > right now the evidence points towards Yahoo doing that better than most. Evidence still points to Google quite solidly leading in this area. Yahoo has 1 gold star from the EFF, Google has considerably more. Assuming you place any value in glittery gold stars from the EFF, that is. Yahoo didn't challenge their involvement in PRISM according to these court documents. They instead challenged FISA orders. PRISM is not mentioned anywhere. The shitty CNET article is conflating the two, but they are not the same. So no, Yahoo has not contradicted themselves. The mount point of the internal storage is /sdcard, that's probably what he meant. > So 4.3 fixes neither the ad-hoc WiFi issue #82 nor the audio latency issue #3434. Low latency audio is "fixed" on the Android side, it needs better device support though. Apps need to actually support the fast path as well, which I don't think many do. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3kfEeMZ65c I don't know if the new Nexus 7 supports the low latency audio path, though. But Android itself does have low latency audio, it's a device-specific thing though. > At least for me, phone traffic is free What magical land do you live in that has truly unlimited cell data? And how much does it cost? > how would I even know if some feature is waiting for "nonexpensive connection" that is not going to come any time soon? The feature is typical used for things like when you enable "only do this on WiFi" type options, it knows that although it is connected to a wifi hotspot, that hotspot itself is using cell data so don't do that expensive thing that you said to only do on wifi. Typically the worst thing that'll happen is you will get a few "are you sure?" style dialogs when you go to install a large game or similar. Darwin is but a single (very small) part of iOS. Only if you consider all of iOS's frameworks & apps to be a binary blobs is it "almost the same problem". Android's SecureRandom uses BouncyCastle prior to 4.2 and OpenSSL in 4.2+ ( http://android-developers.blogspot.com.au/2013/02/security-e... ) It'd be interesting to know what the bug is and if that bug affects Bouncy Castle and/or OpenSSL as well, or if Google screwed up the glue code somehow > Overall I get the impression that Android will, just like Linux, be eternally "almost there". The version that fixes all the little niggles will be forever just over the horizon. Except in the opposite direction it seems. Android is very much already there for consumers, which this blog perfectly highlights. Your complaints, however, are centered around not normal consumers but power linux users. Linux: Caters to power users, never quite there for consumers Android: Caters to consumers, never quite there for Linux users Also FYI it's quite easy to remove the search box from the home screen. You can either disable Google Search entirely, or you can just install one of the half a billion or so alternative launchers in the Play Store. You can even have it look like WebOS if you want: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gau.go.lau... > I told my wife yesterday, "I didn't think it was possible that someone, in 2013, would develop a phone that was worse at event notifications than the iPhone but they've done it with Android!" How are Android's notifications worse than the iPhone's? Android's notifications have consistently been regarded as superior. There's a reason Apple straight up copied Android's notifications, Google got this oh so very right. > Since then, JS has gotten about a billion times faster across pretty much all browsers. JS has gotten slightly faster, but not much. JS isn't really a bottleneck anyway. Six years has also increased the pixel count by 10x (150k pixels in the iPhone 1 vs. 2 million in the SGS4). The hardware has barely gotten faster relative to pixel count, and in some respects (such as memory bandwidth) has gotten slower . The web is no more viable on mobile today than it was 6 years ago. Web doesn't do efficient - never has, probably never will. > 2. Android in particular is really nasty at the low end. The quality of experience you would get from a tightly optimised and simplified Firefox OS would be immeasurably better. Firefox OS is worse here, not better. Gingerbread runs far better on low end hardware than Firefox OS does. The later Android stuff is more demanding (particularly in RAM), but the performance target (60fps everywhere, low latency) is also much, much higher than what Firefox OS is capable of achieving. Firefox OS is less efficient than iOS, Android, or WP. By a lot . By "alarm" do you mean calendar notification or alarm clock alarm? Because alarm clocks don't require unlocking to see what they are, it sounds like you may be dismissing them before looking at them. Calendar notifications are in the notification tray until you dismiss them I don't know what other "event" notifications you are talking about. Also note that a lot of this is up to whatever app you are using and not Android itself. Oh, try using Google Calendar instead: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.and... (or whatever other calendar program you want - there's really no need to stick with the built-in if you don't like it) Go look at any hands on video or flash it yourself on a device that runs Android. It's clear as day that Firefox OS is far from fast and responsive on hardware that Android doesn't have issues with. And this makes a ton of logical sense, as it would be a goddamn miracle if Mozilla managed to make web technologies an order of magnitude faster and more memory efficient than anyone else. Or hell, just run Firefox on your existing Android device - that's all Firefox OS is in reality. Mozilla makes a bunch of claims about how it's "closer to the metal" or some such nonsense, but it isn't. It's not like Android runs all native code in a VM - it's as "close to the metal" as you can get, with the exception that system calls go to the kernel. Just as they do in Firefox OS. Particularly since Firefox OS is built on top of Android. I was referring to the NDK. The NDK is perfectly capable of input & drawing - it's what many games use, for example. It's also what Firefox uses. Well, Firefox is a hybrid - a mix of Java and native. But the web parts are all native running outside of dalvik and drawing directly to a surface via OpenGL. YouTube's API only requires the video player itself to be in HTML5, the rest of the app can be native or whatever the hell you want. The engineering work here is youtube hands you an HTML snippet (specifically an ), and you plop that into a UIWebView where you want the inline video to be and you're done. https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference There is no such ToS. Nor is there any "app must be HTML5" requirement. > it is an impressive showcase of what you can achieve with HTML. That statement right there is the single biggest problem that web faces. You still have to qualify it with impressive for HTML . Because the bar for HTML is just so, sooooo low compared to native. On desktop it kind of works because performance really isn't a problem - you've got boatloads of CPU & RAM to just throw at it and nobody expects 60fps. On mobile it's the exact opposite. Web isn't a viable platform for app development until people start saying "that's impressive" without the "for HTML" qualifier. And that isn't going to happen anytime soon. > Anyone who wants a stop gap though, should check this out: https://github.com/pwnall/chromeview A stop gap that adds at least 30mb to your application is a really shitty solution. You still have to download the library at some point, and the library has to end up in your app's private libs folder. Android doesn't do dependencies or inter-app shared libraries outside of those that are part of the platform. Except companies like Mozilla and Google (even Microsoft) don't give that data to those companies, and have no incentive to do so. Indeed, to a company like Google that would be corporate suicide as it would undermine their main source of revenue. Google's money comes from being a middle man, they want to keep their competitive advantage (your data to target ads) secret more than you do. So your scenario doesn't exist. > You don't need to treat me like the bad guy when I'm clearly not exploiting you. I'm not seeing where Google treated him like a "bad guy"? It sounds like he was expecting Google to sing his high praises, which of course didn't happen. The bug bounty payout also has qualifications that the author didn't come remotely close to meeting ( http://www.google.com/about/appsecurity/reward-program/ ), so I have no idea why he expected he should get paid. By his own admission he doesn't know how the attacker got access to his account, nor where the $20k came from. So what vulnerability did he find? I guess Google's failure here was to protect the author from his own lax security. > 1) "Google [...] doesn't give that data to those companies". What about selling that data? That's in line with what you call "being a middle man" I think. 1) Nobody really actually wants to buy that data in the first place. Companies that buy ads just want to sell you shit, they really, really don't care about you in the slightest. Sorry, but your personal information by itself isn't actually worth a damn thing. Hell, if companies were willing to pay for my browsing history I'd sell it to them myself. 2) Why on earth would Google sell one of its advantages? If Google sold data Facebook or Microsoft would buy all of it in a snap and Google would be screwed. s/gives/court ordered to produce/ And how is that relevant anyway? Do you think the government then turns around and hands it to other companies for shits and giggles? Memory bus bandwidth has nothing whatsoever to do with CPU word size. You'll have to wait for LPDDR4 for an increase in memory bandwidth. so step 1 of teaching C++ is "how to compile 101" where the lesson consists entirely of "g++ -wall -werror " Google has been publishing transparency reports for years and were the first to get approval for the disclosure of NSL requests. It's not Google's fault you only started looking for the information after Snowden's stuff. > Early Android prototypes, shown by Google just before the iPhone was announced had half-size screens and physical keyboards, just like the rest of the smartphones of the day. The HTC G1 was also one of the early prototypes shown off. Android definitely came later, but they were already working on a large, capacitive touch phone before the iPhone came out. > Since then Apple has consistenly beat Google on hardware features, from the retina display Uh, no, so very much no. Apple was sooo late to the high density party. Android was shipping high density, high resolution phones a year before Apple did. Apple did leapfrog on the density front with retina, but they were definitely, unquestionably playing catch-up on this front, not leading the way. > camera innovations, the motion co-processor, a working fingerprint sensor (for a change) All of this was done by other companies first, and in some cases better. > The iOS Cocoa API is leaps and bounds ahead of the Android API. This is such a stupid statement. Both APIs have their advantages and disadvantages. > The major points for Android devices were not better engineering per se, but stuff like bigger screens, different configurations etc. Which was enabled due to superior engineering in some respects. True density independence, flexible layouts everywhere, architecture-neutral designs, etc... > Compared to what, since, according to TFA they have the smallest touch latency? Drawing apps can easily end up with significantly higher latency than the baseline if they aren't careful with how they do input smoothing and such. It's really easy to get that wrong and bloat your touch latency. Read the actual report, not the venture beat blog spam: http://appglimpse.com/blog/ > We built simple, optimized apps to flash the full screen white* as quickly as possible in response to a touch. The apps contain minimal logic and use OpenGL/DirectX rendering to make sure the response is as quick as possible. Since these are barebones native apps doing nothing more than filling the screen in response to a touch, this benchmark defines the Minimum App Response Time (MART) a user could experience on a mobile app on each device. This has fuck all to do with Obj-c vs. Dalvik. Android's input system is in C++ anyway. According to this test WP8 isn't any better than Android. Well, specifically the Lumia 928 isn't any better than the Galaxy S4. Need to be specific about which device, since we're almost exclusively talking about hardware here (touch controller, GPU, and display controller) - the OS isn't doing much. > Silly, lazy, javascript-loving google, it used to work just fine without javascript It used to not be interactive, either, yet now it is. JavaScript used to not be a core web technology, yet now it is. > You can still inject your hack via LD_PRELOAD + detouring dlsym/dlopen. Even were that not possible, you could have fun with, e.g., ptrace. This all works on Windows, too. It's what things like FRAPS use, or the half dozen game overlays that apps like Mumble offer (including Steam's for that matter) Anti-cheat systems are just a constantly escalating game of cat & mouse like anti-virus systems where signatures and code patterns are recognized, game DLLs are hashed to see if they were modified, etc... There's zero, zilch, nada OS level support for these. Input latency is going to be Audio & Video, on the other hand, is more interesting. Let's assume everything is running at 60fps. Your encoder is therefore not adding any more than 16ms (if it was more, it wouldn't be keeping up and therefore not doing 60fps - it could definitely be less, though). Blu-ray is 48mbit/s, but for 24fps (youtube 's 1080p is ~8mbit for comparison). Let's take that same 48mbit/s, but adjust for 60fps instead. 1 frame would therefore be 0.8 mbit, or 100KB. If your network can do 48mbit/s, your video latency would therefore be 16ms. If your network is faster, though, the latency drops proportionally. Even a cell phone can do 100mbit/s on wifi, which would be 8ms of latency. A gigabit network would transfer that 0.8mbit needed in about a millisecond. So your total latency of input, encoding, and transmission of the frame would be 32ms at most, and if you have a fast network & computer it could actually be down in the 5ms or less range. Web browsers let you hover over a link to query if it's clickable before clicking it. Also in this case the problem is if a site has some text that's blue & clickable, and some text that's blue & not clickable. That's more or less what iOS 7 is doing. Colored text doesn't mean it performs an action. It might, it might not. Similarly, black text might be clickable, it might not. It might have a border, it might not. And these are all mixed together in the same app, or even a single screen such as the case of the alarm that the article is talking about. > Everybody is now an expert Everybody is an expert in deciding what they don't like. It doesn't matter how much designer-speak bullshit you can spew, if the person using it doesn't like it or finds it too confusing, it failed. > How did we reach the point where we suspect a country's privacy regulator of engaging in a publicity stunt (why? what do they gain from publicity?) Are you new to the world? Or just hopelessly naive? It's called politics & lobbying. > Is it not possible that the answer could be the simplest one, Occam's Razor and all, that Google doesn't want to comply with French privacy law because it interferes with its business model? Occam's Razor doesn't apply here. It never applies to law, because law is not about simple, concise rules of logic. And second, it doesn't apply because your scenario doesn't make any fewer assumptions than other scenarios. It's possible that French law is right and Google is wrong. It's possible that Google is right and French law is wrong. It's possible that Google is right, French law is right, and the regulators are wrong. And really all of those are equally likely possibilities. It's part of a big song and dance. Google doesn't think it violated the law, the regulators think they did. Google is taking the entire amount of time they were given before responding with "no", and now the regulators are banging the pots and pans. This is how it always goes - regardless of guilt or innocence. > If they provide 'first-class' documentation for their partners to consume which has already been sanitized of NDA-restricted disclosures, maybe all they need to do is remove the 'CONFIDENTIAL' header. What partners? The only ones writing AMD GPU drivers is AMD, and internal documentation tends to universally be crap. No, bankruptcy would be if we default. Having debt != being bankrupt. > Google hasn't improved the language level beyond Java 6 grammar. That's because Oracle has been suing them over it. Dalvik hasn't changed in years thanks to that lawsuit. Google was steadily improving Dalvik right up until that lawsuit happened, then it came to a screeching halt. That's not a coincidence. And really, what Java 7 language level features were there that makes it problematic that Android still runs Java 6? The good stuff was dropped from 7 and pushed to 8. 7 is boring. Simplified IO is a library feature, not a language feature, and Android has its own IO stuff anyway. Diamond type inference is cute, but hardly important. You could do the same thing with a save macro in your IDE. Try with resources is about the only thing in that list that would be actually useful in Android. > Any Java library targeted for Java 7, even without the new language features, is also not usable in Android projects, because Dex cannot understand the new Java 7 bytecodes. So target Java 6 if you're making a library. Which is what people do anyway, because not everyone has immediately jumped to 7. And none of them will run on J2ME which Sun/Oracle never upgraded past 1.3 for Pete's sake. If not upgrading Java was worthy of a lawsuit, we should be class action'ing the hell out of Oracle for the crime against humanity that was J2ME. BlackBerry was also 1.3 right up until the end. Android right now is only using a version of Java that's ~1 year out of date. That's still a shitload better still than Sun ever managed to do on mobile. > Google is a corporation like any other. Cows go moo. Saying irrelevant facts is fun! You're on to something here I think. > Yet looking back the track record doesn't quite match. Well it does, kind of. I mean, during the space race itself and the cold war the US's space program had no in flight fatalities. The first NASA flight fatality wasn't until '86, a good 14 years after the Apollo program had ended. For what it's worth the Soviet's response to the Shuttle program was a failure. NASA remains the only one to get a partially re-usable orbiter into use. > But you know, that is also perhaps thing that should have factored in -- "If we launch 8 people at once, we will probably kill all of them if an accident happens". The Space Shuttle program already had a good 24 successful flights, 6 of which were in the Challenger, before the first fatal flight. It wasn't like they crammed in a bunch of people in an experimental ship for shits and giggles. The first set of shuttle flights only had a crew of 2. > but then decided it wasn't a very efficient space launch platform and stopped using it. No, they planned on using it again. But the Soviet Union stopped being a thing before that happened. And multiple times there has been interest in reviving Buran. > It is just that "shuttles" are just a bad idea to start with. Shuttles are a fantastic idea. Just because the implementation wasn't brilliant doesn't make the idea bad. Then again I'd strongly disagree with your claim that the Shuttle program was bad in the first place. It had a very successful and impressive 30 year carrier. The comparisons of the Shuttle vs. the Soyuz are bad in the first place as the two platforms are vastly different in lifting capability. The correct comparison would be the Shuttle vs. the Proton-M/K, and the Protons are far from reliable (Proton-M has had 8 failed launches since 2001). Without the Space Shuttle we wouldn't have the ISS for example. > Sounds like historically their design is just better. Better than what? The Saturn V is the only rocket that has propelled humans to the moon, and the entire Saturn family has zero deaths. And the Saturn V remains to this day the heaviest lifter mankind has created (NASA's SLS and China's Long March 9 are in development to surpass the Saturn V) > The Shuttle was so complicated that every flight was 'experimental'. One can leave testing phase after all fatal bugs are discovered and addressed, this never happened. So every time you fly in an airplane or drive your car do you call it an experimental vehicle? How about your house? Is it experimental, too? > This suggests that Samsung's Exynos 5 is extremely power-hungry or Chrome OS's power optimization is extremely bad. I'm betting it's Chrome OS. The Nexus 10 also runs the Exynos 5, same exact chip, yet it gets 9+ hours of web browsing battery life and does it with a 2560x1600 screen. > however it shouldn't be forgotten that this device isn't nearly indicative of any consumer Linux revolution. This either already happened (Android, TiVo, ChromeOS, SteamOS, etc...), or it's never, ever going to happen. Take your pick. Because Linux the kernel has very much already had its consumer revolution. "Linux" as in "GNU/Linux + X11 + Gnome/KDE/XFCE/Whatever" will never have a consumer revolution. It's just not going to happen, sorry. I enjoy that setup, but it's not going to get mass market appeal. Nexus 10 has a 22.75Wh battery, the HP Chromebook's is 30Wh. Chromebook has a bigger battery than the N10, not a smaller one. Probably also a factor in why the Chromebook tips the scales at 2.3lbs vs. the N10's 1.3lbs. > We have two countries that tried to build them and in the end it is still 60s tried and true technology that puts man in space. Some of those reasons are price, some politics. One country succeeded, and the other stopped being a country. In neither case did the idea fail. > Another way to put it, if the idea is so complicated that nobody got it to be implemented properly and no country is actively working on a new design, I say there is something with the idea. No, that's called learning from experience. There's nothing wrong with the idea. It's an idea still actively being explored by a variety of people as well, and the tech developed for the Shuttle programs lives on the SLS and Ares vehicles that NASA is replacing the Shuttle with. > one can also say well hypothetically if NASA had an equivalent program to Soyuz maybe they would have had more money in the pocket to build an even bigger and better ISS, or ISS would have been there a lot sooner. We can state with certainty that the ISS would have happened a lot LATER if all we had was Soyuz vehicles, if it would have happened at all. Soyuz lacks the capacity to build the ISS or to do space walk repairs. There's a reason Proton was used more than Soyuz was in the construction of the ISS. Soyuz is good for some things, building space stations, repairing satellites, or getting to the moon/mars are all not on that list. Also you do realize the Shuttle wasn't the only NASA vehicle, right? NASA does have Soyuz-class vehicles, such as the Atlas or the Delta (Atlas-Centaur alone has more flights than the Shuttle) "quick" is also an AOT compiler like the LLVM-based "portable", not a JIT. > The best thing we can hope for is that Google makes Android so anti-consumer, anti-developer and anti-hacker Except Google is doing the exact opposite. The Nexus 5 is the best off-contract phone out there hands down AND comes with an unlockable bootloader. Google made the N5 and other kitkat devices more secure out of the box with this change AND continues to let you go nuts with your own hardware, best of both worlds. It doesn't protect against root exploits, but it protects against data dumping with physical access. Hence why unlocking the bootloader forces a data wipe. It does not hurt users at all if there's an unlock, which all of Google's devices have. > Lets start from the beginning: the NSA "hack" became possible because Google (and its security team) made bad assumptions about the security of the connection between Google's data centers and did not encrypt the traffic. The assumption isn't bad - it's a private network line, not a public internet connection. Nobody else had access to that line, at least they weren't supposed to. Splicing a fiber line is a bit outside the scope of your random attacker. You can't blame Google for not anticipating a hostile break-in by the government. The discussion should absolutely, 100% be directed at the NSA here. To accept that a private network connection is open season for the government to tap is batshit insane. > Moreover, it is not clear if other governments or criminals also had access to the users' data (e.g. in Google's data centers located outside of the US). So far Google did not produce any public post-mortem thus we have no clue how bad was the problem. How is Google supposed to tell you if they themselves didn't know? Although from the leaks it sounds like everyone is fucked thanks to the GCHQ and the NSA getting friendly with each other. > Well, I feel that encrypting traffic inside the data center is not a bad idea (and we do it at WePay where I serve as CSO). Do you have your own data center building? And if you don't have your own data center buildings, how are you guarding against physical attacks? Because just saying "encryption" doesn't actually mean anything. Encryption isn't free, and at Google scale that can add up. Useless encryption is just wasted power > For example, I don't want our system administrators to have an easy way to look at the traffic: yes, it is still possible to do but it is harder and requires some very unusual actions that will trigger alerts everywhere. That can be accomplished in many ways that don't involve encryption. And your servers are all capable of decrypting the data at some point, so you still have to trust your sys admins and/or have alternative systems in place as they still have access to the unencrypted data. > A good security will have in-depth defense and built-in monitoring/audit measure that would at the very least allow you to determine what have happened post-factum. How, exactly, do you detect cable splicing? Much less audit said splicing? You seem to be asking for a hell of a lot more than "good security" There is no such thing as perfect security, only good enough security. At some point you have to accept risks, and the risk of physical network attacks is incredibly small compared to all the other attack vectors. Nobody was well prepared for the NSA's physical network attacks. No, what was discussed was the NSA tapping in at ISP points, not digging up cables to splice them. And "discussed" is not accurate. It was proposed by a few but rejected by most as paranoid. > So far I haven't seen any evidences that there was cable splicing. Thus using occam's razor I would assume that the hack was much simpler than that. What? The evidence totally points to cable splicing. What hack involves getting all the inter-DC packets but nothing else? Obviously the machines weren't compromised, or they wouldn't have cared about reverse-engineering the wire protocol. So what are you proposing was hacked? > I'll re-iterate that security should be built on defense-in-depth principle. Every single protection layer will fail or someone will go around it. The assumption that a data center is "safe" is a bad assumption period. You have to play "what-if" game and think for the attacker. And I'll re-iterate that you're asking for a goddamn magical pony. Side note, if your data center isn't safe go get a new one. Seriously. Most DCs have tons of security to make them safe . That's not an assumption. The goal was just to sniff the wifi APs MAC to pair it with a GPS location for wifi location lookups, not to store the entirety of the packet. Receiving a broadcast isn't illegal - you shove it out into the air, you lost all privacy rights on that broadcast legally speaking. You can debate the ethics of it, but it wasn't illegal. And Google did get penalized for it. Even a broken clock is right twice a day. The reality is that most people don't want a "full" PC. The PC certainly isn't going anywhere - desktops and laptops are here to stay for the foreseeable future. However, it's not a growing market. And that's perfectly OK. There's absolutely no performance difference whatsoever in normal usage. Really, none. Squat. Zilch. Zero. GPU performance and memory bandwidth are waaaaaaay more important than an extra 2 cores that'll be turned off 99% of the time anyway. All phones have a graphics chip, that doesn't mean it's a GOOD graphics chip. It also very much doesn't mean that it's fast enough for the screen resolution. In the case of your Photon it was also running Gingerbread which didn't have 2D hardware acceleration. Made especially worse by the fact that Tegra 2 doesn't have NEON, so the software painting was extra slow on that device AND it had a "high" resolution. It was a badly designed device from top to bottom. A quad core wouldn't have done a damn thing to help its pitiful performance (especially as there's still only a single UI thread doing the painting) So they have a web browser for the sole purpose of setting up an GLES context for their UI? On a video game console? I guess that's what you do when you suddenly have 8GB of RAM, you piss it away on useless shit... > When WebView on iOS and Android finally get WebGL support, native app development will plummet. WebGL just hands you a GLES context. Nobody writing 2D native apps deals directly with GL at all, and nobody wants to. WebGL will do squat to replace native app development as a result, it's completely unrelated. The only ones dealing with GL directly do so for performance, and they sure as hell aren't going to be tempted by HTML/CSS/JS because that's all anti-performance. The difference is the UI runs continuously and is RAM that a game cannot use. The web browser, by contrast, does not. It stops running when you leave it. Or it could, anyway, if it wasn't also being used as a GL container for the UI. They could still use JS and not use WebGL. WebGL is just GLES in a web browser. Slower than GLES running natively thanks to sandboxing overhead, for what it's worth. But I was more talking about the RAM overhead of using the browser just to create a window to render GLES into. You can easily achieve the same thing with EGL or SDL or whatever the PS4 natively provides to games. It's trivial to setup a GLES context. I never said anything about performance? I specifically mentioned RAM. Although it is pissing away performance because WebGL is slower than running GLES directly, thanks to the sanitation of the GLES shaders that the browser does. But this is still a proprietary, "junky" interface. If it's WebGL, it's still entirely custom, with entirely custom event handling, and entirely custom accessibility (or lack thereof), and entirely custom everything . If you are just using WebGL, which is what they said, then the browser is a massive chunk of dead weight that's doing jack shit. All the browser did is setup the EGL context, create a GLES context from that, and then handed it to you. This is basic hello world stuff, that's the entirety of the browser's involvement in this scenario. HTML5 and WebGL are two entirely different things. If anything this would be evidence that HTML5 isn't a suitable app platform, because even though they spin up a browser they decided to not use it and do everything with custom OpenGL ES instead. > You assume that they're keeping the home interface in memory (and wasting resources) when you're playing a game. Console has 8GB of RAM. Games are only guaranteed 4.5GB of that. You do the math. All those things are easily provided by libraries for every language with every API imaginable. The strength of a browser is HTML & CSS. And I called it dead weight because we're talking client-side offline UI here, so things like cookies and session management are irrelevant. But the dead weight is going to come from the bulk of the browser code that is HTML/CSS parsing, webkit/blink, the graphics model that's not being used, font support that's not being used, etc... Those things you list are all really small pieces. > if they decide not to do that, my money's on them creating half-assed proprietary browsers built around WebView All of the major OEMs have already done that. They've been shipping their own browsers built on top of webview for years now. The only devices that ever saw Google's/AOSP's Browser were Nexus devices and those running custom ROMs. Being limited to WebView isn't a problem anyway - that's all the old Browser used. It's "just" a UI on top of WebView. Just like the majority of browsers in the play store are "just" different UIs on top of WebView. Sort of. Chromium is actually the base for Chrome, and that's true for Android as well. However while Chromium on PC has more or less the complete browser UI, the Chromium for Android does not. All the hard stuff is there in Chromium for Android - blink, V8, graphics, webgl, etc... - but the UI isn't. In Android 4.4 the WebView sits on top of Chromium, so if an OEM really wanted they could continue to use their own browser skins that sit on top of WebView like they previously shipped and it will now magically use Chromium under the hood. So really there's no story here. The YouTube app that was being shipped in iOS previously was written by Apple, not Google. Google's YouTube app was never bundled with iOS. > It relies on an old fork of Webkit that has none of the features of the modern web, no GPU support, and a lot of outright bugs That's really not true. It's an old version of Webkit NOW , yes, but it wasn't when it was still being updated all the way up to Android 4.0. And it absolutely has GPU support - it's had GPU accelerated compositing for CSS 3D transforms, fixed position elements, and scrollable divs since 3.0. It had all that before Chrome did. In fact Chrome's GPU & rendering architecture today matches what Android Browser has had since 4.1. Chrome had to catch up to Android Browser in many respects. > I'm hoping all the OEMs build their own browsers off the Chromium WebView that ships in KitKat Chromium WebView is a requirement. Unless OEMs decide to start maintaining their own webkit forks (something they have not done so far), there will be nothing else but Chromium on Android from 4.4 onwards. FYI you can just go turn off the ad tracking stuff: www.google.com/ads/preferences Good thing Google didn't do that. The blog author says right up front he agreed to the new terms. And they didn't sign him up for anything, they upgraded his account. Still a single account, still with a single company, still with the same cost, still with the same privacy policy, still with the same everything - except it does more, now, if he so chooses to use the extra features. 4K is totally doable with a single GPU if you drop to using medium/high instead of very high/ultra quality settings for even the most demanding of games: http://hardocp.com/article/2013/11/11/geforce_gtx_780_ti_vs_... For the majority of games 4K won't pose an issue whatsoever with a modern high end video card. No, they both had 24 FPS minimum at medium settings. Minimum really isn't all that interesting, though. A single low spike won't ruin a gameplay session. The average FPS was 42, the low spikes were few and far between. It's absolutely playable - that's the entire basis for which the settings were picked btw. Unigine is not a game and it does not in any way reflect real world game performance. The Heaven benchmark has proven time and time again to be entirely irrelevant, due in no small part to it's insane usage of tessellation. You are a bit mistaken on the price differences. The 16GB iPod Touch is $230. The 16GB Moto G is $200 and the 16GB Nexus 5 is $350. The $300 iPod Touch is 32GB, which is $100 less than the equivalent storage size N5 (and there stops being a Moto G at this point). So if you have an extra $100 you could get an N5 instead of an iPod Touch - or you could spend that extra $100 to get a 64GB iPod touch. Actually in this case it would work fine. The Seiki's panel is actually 120hz, the 30hz limit is on the input side. Send it a 24hz HDMI signal and it can easily match that up to the panel's actual 120hz refresh rate by simply showing each input frame for 5 panel refreshes instead of the 4 refreshes it displays the 30hz input at. The Seiki can also take 1080p input at 60hz, which would be a reasonable fallback for gaming. Run 4k 30hz for desktop usage, and 1080p 60hz for gaming. YouTube is 30fps, so it should match up with vsync nicely. The MTK SoC in those phones doesn't have remotely enough power to adequately drive 1920x1080, THAT is the huge problem with those devices. If you take any of those phones and swap it out with a 720p screen the device would actually become much, much better. > default android phone sends your location to google, as well as your contacts, app list, app usage, calendars, todo list and some other things. By default it does none of those things. You have to hit "yes" to enable the location reporting which defaults to off but which you are asked to enable the first time you add a Google account. The rest isn't done at all unless you are using the Google services to sync that data. Which is only an option if you've added a Google account. Sure, it's not that hard. Sideload Amazon Store or F-Droid to get your non-Google app store fix, and the rest is pretty straightforward. Linux went mainstream ages ago. First with TiVo, now with Android. GNU/Linux + X11 + Gnome/KDE never went anywhere near mainstream, perhaps, but Linux sure as hell did. > Selling eyeballs -- or information on how to get more eyeballs -- is what they do. Selling eyeballs: yes. Selling information: oh good lord no, so very, very no. That information is never ever leaving Google's servers. No, EFF is simply wrong. The feature was never released, and instead of posting a "we screwed up" retraction EFF is now trying to shift blame. > If you put software into the wild - you have released it. Even by that definition Google never released it. You needed a 3rd party app to access the feature, Google's software alone was not enough. Google didn't fail here, they flat out never released it. Or perhaps you could argue that they failed by not releasing it (or something similar), but that's different story. You don't have to rely on "good will". Even if you are super pessimistic "companies only want money", Google will never sell or give up that data to other companies. That data is literally Google's lifeblood. That data is why companies use AdSense to advertise with instead of Bing Ads. That data is Google's competitive edge. Even the evilest of companies isn't going to sell off its competitive edge, that's just idiotic. Also you are wrong, Google is not a marketing company. Google is a middle man company. Google matches marketers to consumers. THAT is Google's business. Google is paid to be a match maker, nothing more. > San Francisco is the most sympathetic and helpful city on the planet for homeless people. Bwahahaha, no, no it isn't. Not even close. There's a huge lack of shelters, housing, food, etc... The problem with SF is that the entire city is stupid expensive, and nobody wants to spend huge amounts of money to build and run the shelters necessary. Apple grew those industries they did not create them. Important, yes, but also by a large a safer role. An unlocked bootloader is better than a rooted device. If you have root but not an unlocked bootloader, you are unable to get full custom ROMs (meaning kernel and such, not just userspace), full control of your device, etc... But with an unlocked bootloader, you just flash your way to root. Or to a full custom ROM. Or to whatever the hell you want. Yes, but Google also turns a blind eye to that, and by and large CM and other custom ROMs stay compatible anyway. Google could, however, start cracking down if custom ROMs started causing problems. The CTS tests is the suite that ensures that all versions of Android at the same API level behave the same as far as a developer is concerned. It verifies that the public APIs do what they are documented to do. Big government has nothing to do with this. The protesters themselves are the problem. Not because of their current protests, but because of their previous protests against more housing. The government has tried, many times, to zone and build more dense housing which would have prevented this problem. The people of SF have been organizing and protesting every step of the way against that for the last 15 years. Hell, even today they are protesting the increase in housing costs while simultaneously protesting against increased housing. Android is free AND has widespread driver support from SoC vendors. Firefox OS uses more hardware resources to achieve the same tasks and has less vendor support. In fact, what little driver support it currently has from vendors comes from the fact that it's actually sitting on top of Android (a fact that's often ignored). Which one is low-cost again? > I particularly would like a mobile OS that isn't tied to an advertising company (Google) and isn't a black box (iPhone). http://source.android.com/ http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ Plenty of choices of Android builds that have no closed-source Google code whatsoever. > I don't even have full comfort over everything running on my Android device. I have no way of knowing which companies can access the data on that device and the ways with which they can access it. That has nothing whatsoever to do with the OS. You think just because it's Firefox OS suddenly OEMs are going to open source their drivers, ship unlocked bootloaders, etc...? If so, I've got a bridge to sell you. > I mean that Firefox phones are generally going to cost less (in terms of money) than Android ones. I know what you meant, I was pointing out you were wrong. If the device costs more to an OEM to make (which Firefox OS does), then it's going to cost the user more to purchase. This is basic stuff here... > As a plus, you don't have to tie your phone to any company's services (Google, Apple, etc). Android isn't tied to any company's services. > Let's drop the dramatic fanboyism, hmm? Er, right back at you? > "Small size" -- cry me a river. Yes, byte size is important but it's not more important than code reuse and all the benefits that come with it I would disagree with this within reason. Code reuse affects YOU the developer. Byte size, however, affects your USERS . Things that impact your users are far more important than things that affect your development zen. Obviously the two are not entirely independent and a balance must be reached, but the user is the important person here, not the developer. > All they say is we have changed our terms and conditions and don't even ask or care about whether we accept or not. Well, in that scenario you can always change to a different thermostat... > Having motion sensor that sense your presence and having that data on someone's server is always scary. Is Google more scary than Nest? You signed up for that data to live on someone's server when you bought a Nest, the only difference now is that it's Google's servers instead of a small startup's. That's the entire selling point of the Nest, the online smart connectedness thingy. Remote control & machine learning to avoid spending 30 seconds programming a thermostat. The Linux OOM killer (used heavily by Android as part of normal operation) does a SIGKILL. I believe iOS does this as well. So pretty sure this is totally fine and not a problem in the slightest, seeing as some billion devices or so are doing this on a daily basis. > All your file writes should be atomic (either SQLite/CoreData or using the atomic write methods in CoreFoundation and Objective-C) or you must be able to detect and delete partially files and recover in-situ. You should be doing that regardless, there's nothing special about SIGKILL in this regard. Dirty pages will still get flushed to disk, so SIGKILL is safer than, say, sudden power loss. Which isn't exactly unheard of on battery powered devices, after all. Then don't use mysqld as it's obviously broken. Even SQLite doesn't have that problem. Process is considered killable after onPause, there's no requirement that onStop is called. And, in practice, onStop/onDestroy are rarely called outside of an activity calling finish() on itself. But that call only gives that activity a chance to save state, not the process as a whole. You don't run around stopping all your services and such in onPause(). There is no SIGTERM equivalent where you can go around doing actual cleanup work for the entire process. As for Services you'll note it's considered killable at any given point, there's largely no guarantees other than it won't be killed in the middle of executing code in onStart/onStop. But during the bulk of its actual work it's totally up for random killing. And fwiw foreground processes are totally considered killable. They are the last in the queue, yes, but they are still in the queue. The state save is important in terms of being able to rebuild the UI quickly. It's not important in the context of "heavy" resources like files, sockets, etc... None of those are ever cleaned up in onPause. The worst thing that will happen if you SIGKILL an Android app without calling onPause first is that the next time it's launched it won't resume from where you left off, it will be as if you rebooted the device. Also to be clear the onPause and SIGKILL are not tied together. You could get an onPause and it be minutes or hours or even days before you get SIGKILL'd, during which you are completely free to keep running code in the background. And depending on how your process was started there might not even have been an Activity to be onPause'd in the first place. Consider an app that started doing work in response to a broadcast or content provider query. This is just Cordova with Chrome App APIs. It doesn't run on top of Chrome or anything like that. So the only difference is you can now have API compatibility between your real Chrome App, and your "fake" Cordova-powered "Chrome App" > Also, by your definition, Android and Slackware Linux are the same "Operating System" because they share the same kernel and drivers. Well, no, they don't. Android still uses a slightly modified Linux kernel, and there is zero overlap in the drivers. Also they have fundamentally different approaches to task & memory management at the kernel level. Pedantics aside it's clear that Avatar is not an OS, not even with the most generous and broad definition. At least not with what little they've said so far. Because what they have so far in their diagrams and minimal technical info is yet another JavaScript framework paired with yet another set of web services around user authentication. Nope. You can boot Android using a mainline kernel, but there's a lot of stuff that's missing/broken. Like power management. The Android Mainlining project continues to trudge onward, it's not complete. There's a decent chunk of stuff sitting in staging as well that hasn't been accepted by mainline, but still more that hasn't even gotten to staging. There's also a few things where mainline rejected Google's version and provided an alternative, but Android was never changed to use the new thing (Alarms/Timers fall into this case) I'm confused, is this a circlejerk joke or is he actually serious? Chromecast has the really nice advantage of the fact that when friends or family visit they can cast THEIR content to your TV without needing to sign in to your STB. > Maybe once in a blue moon a company with P/E of 500 is justified because they MAY be the next Google or Apple or Microsoft Well, in this case a P/E of 500 would already be a massive improvement. Twitter currently has a negative EPS (aka, no profits at all), so it doesn't even HAVE a P/E. > I wonder if this bubble will deflate slowly or crash and burn like it did back in early 2000s. Crash, probably, but not like in the early 2000s. The key difference now is that the internet is established and has multiple viable business models. Netflix has a P/E of 200, it wouldn't be surprising to see its stock price plummet from $400 to $40 (where it would then have a more sustainable ~20 P/E). But that won't change that the company is actually making money and has a profitable business model. However that doesn't help the various startups and such that don't have viable business models, like Twitter which just keeps bleeding money with no sign of stopping. Uh, no, that's not true at all. Chromecast works with Netflix, Pandora, etc... None of which are part of the "Google ecosystem". And you can cast from just about every device. > Unintended accleration was demonstrated to be a result that could happen on a fault occurance. Where was that demonstrated? It was hypothesized that it may be a result, but I'm not seeing anything other than speculation. > I think the most important detail is that he slammed on the brakes and the car continued to accelerate. Cars with a computer controlled accelerator should be able to stop accelerating if the brake pedal is pushed. Actually this points to his story being incorrect. If he slammed on the brakes and the car continued to accelerate than he probably slammed on the gas by accident instead. Testing shows that if you slam on the brakes while the engine is pegged at full throttle, you'll still come to a screeching halt. The brake system vastly overpowers the engine even in high powered cars. In a Camry V6 it actually takes just 16 feet further to stop from 70mph with the throttle wide open at 190ft vs. 174ft. And the brake system is not drive-by-wire like the throttle is, so it's not susceptible to faulty ECU problems. How do you figure? Mechanical failures like that are no better than ECU-based failures. Indeed, doesn't matter how old the car is, the software in the ECU isn't going to develop new bugs over time. But mechanical pieces fail over time, as your story demonstrates. ABS is an independent pump. It can fail and you'll still be able to slam on the brakes. Also hitting the wrong pedal is not exactly uncommon. People don't like to admit they just made a mistake, hence claims of "unintended acceleration". But just like the claims against Audi back in the day, the modern claims against Toyota appear to be unsubstantiated. You might want to actually take a look at some of those recalls, they're pretty bogus (like the whole "bring it in so we can adjust the floor mats" thing). And yes, I do believe Toyota did the recall as a PR effort. Take a look at what Audi did instead. They, correctly, stated there was nothing wrong with the cars and they took an insane PR hit and sales plummeted. There continues to be no actual evidence of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles. And I don't think HNers are somehow less likely to hit the wrong pedal or refuse to admit it. There's always that possibility that they don't even know they hit the wrong pedal. Looking at Nokia's dev docs: http://developer.nokia.com/nokia-x/platform-overview It looks like the "three APIs" are not Android APIs, but rather Google Play Services APIs. Specifically push notifications, maps, and in-app payments. Bay Trail-M means "mobile" as in "laptop", not "mobile" as in "smartphone". Intel's smartphone stuff all still using PowerVR, including the upcoming Merrifield which will be using the PowerVR G64x0. So... version 1.0 is basically a shell script that calls libjpeg-turbo followed by jpgcrush? So why wasn't this upstreamed to libjpeg-turbo? Why fork at all? libjpeg-turbo is still an actively maintained project after all... Holy shit, the SAME AES key is used for everyone? Good god WhatsApp, what the fuck are you doing? Storing the key is easy, you put it in your app's private data folder. Which is where the database should have just been stored in the first place, and not on the public SD card. You could also have a user-supplied passphrase with email recovery. Or any of a dozen other best practices that exist. This isn't exactly a new problem, there are plenty of solutions that are far superior to rot13 (which is basically all this is) > the insecure /sdcard partition is the place where most of the storage is in nearly all Android phones. /sdcard and /data are on the same partition these days, you should just be using the app's private folder if the data is sensitive in the slightest. Which in this case it clearly is, and it's not even large data. > Google should have figured out how to let applications sandbox data on the SD It's called put your data in /data. You get a private app data folder by default . /sdcard and /data are both internal storage on the majority of phones, neither points at a physical sd card slot. And seriously, who wants their messages stored on /sdcard anyway? You pop out the sdcard and all your text messages vanish? What kind of brain dead decision is that? No, on Samsung & other SD-card-equipped phones /sdcard points to internal storage and there's some other path, like /sdcard2, that points at the actual SD card. The architect involved in the article has nothing to do with the "he" you are referring to. The are entirely independent people. And you were born on the same planet as Hitler, as such you are responsible for the death of millions of Jews. After all, you failed to stop Hitler and as such you inderectly caused it. By your own admission people should be judged on their indirect actions as well, so you should probably go turn yourself in for your hate crimes. Psst, Android is open source. So if you want everything open source, Android-powered car infotainment should make you very happy. > do we know anything about googles behavior with law enforcement wrt gmail? Yes, quite a bit: https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/ But the problem in this scenario is law enforcement wasn't involved. I'm unaware of any other email hosting company doing this so far. Not to say they haven't, just it hasn't surfaced. > To say that Microsoft accessing one account based on evidence in order to gather more evidence for a civil suit - with explicit permission granted by the user during signup - is equivalent to Google's behavior is just blatantly wrong. You are correct that the comparison is blatantly wrong. What Microsoft did is evil and a massive, massive violation of privacy and trust. What Google does can't even be classified as evil. Arguably it's creepy, but that's about the extent of it, and they have been clear about it from the start. And bullshit on the "explicit permission" part. No where did anybody get a clear "you grant Microsoft the right to read your email whenever they bloody well want to if it suits an internal investigation with zero oversight" checkbox. > Google's ad mechanism reads all emails sent and received by all gmail users This is incorrect, as the word "read" requires some amount of comprehension. The automatic indexing algorithm has no comprehension of what it is scanning, ergo there is no "reading" going on. > If you promise not to do content-based targeted advertising (as Microsoft claims), you have no interest to collect as much data from a user as possible. False. Microsoft is still hoovering up every scrap of data they can get. They'd be stupid not to, as data is insanely powerful. You don't need much data at all to do targetted advertising, by the way. Seriously, Google uses at most 1% of the data it gets from you for ad-related reasons, if that. No, Google's obsession with data is because data is tremendously powerful at building better products. Microsoft is just shooting themselves in the foot if they aren't doing the exact same thing. Besides, if you don't want targetted advertising just go turn it off: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/ You risk jail time stealing code from any company. The penalty here was disproportionate to the crime, sure, but Serge clearly took code owned by GS and uploaded it, without permission, to a 3rd party. Pretty cut and dry case of corporate theft here... [1] The Android code for that test is messed up, and suffers from a race condition and isn't tied to vsync like a normal Android app is. There's a pull request on their github page to fix it, but they haven't accepted it. Regardless, this is a hardware thing not a software one. Apple uses very, very good touch screens. The Nexus 5 also has a really good touch screen, with total touch-to-display latency in the 60ms range. [4] is total horseshit. He doesn't know squat about any of the platforms. iOS devs also called him out for getting just about everything wrong about how iOS works. [5] is something iOS devs totally also have to do as well. That is so not an Android-specific thing. > I wonder if Google made a mistake by not choosing native code for Android apps. Seeing as Android runs on a lot more than just ARMv7, no, they didn't appear to make a mistake here at all. Apple can tell developers to compile their app twice for ARMv7 w/ NEON & ARMv8-A64, but is Google going to go tell everyone to compile for ARMv6 (Android devices running this are still shipping), ARMv7 w/o NEON, ARMv7 w/ NEON, ARMv8 (not here yet on Android, but obviously coming), MIPS, X86, etc...? > We have heard forever about Java (and other run-times) getting close to C in performance, but outside of specific test cases native code still runs circles around everything else out there. The vast majority of the Java code in an Android app isn't performance-critical either. The code that actually renders an app is all in native anyway. The code to handle touch events and such isn't, but the difference between .1ms and .2ms isn't going to break the 16ms bank either. That's just stupid. If Google wants to replace Verizon/ATT it will have fuck all to do with advertising. It will be for the revenue from users handing them a handful of cash every month. Companies typically want to diversify how they make money, and this is very obviously something Google desperately wants given that pretty much all their new businesses are around NEW revenue streams and not advertising. Why would you want F@H in a browser instead of as an app? Just because you aren't the customer doesn't mean you are the product. Google's customers are BOTH end users AND carriers. You do realize the person you quoted isn't a Google employee or someone working on Android at all, right? That was just from some random joe schmoe. Nobody from @android.com or @google.com has commented on the bug at all. And you do still have control, you are free to compile AOSP for a handful of supported devices directly, and you are free to use CM or whatever. Well, except CM has this bug/feature, too. > This price point was so impressive for the html5 capabilities that it had. No, it isn't. The price is standard, or even high, for the hardware it has. And the hardware is pretty crap (hence why the performance was also crap). All phones have equal HTML5 capabilities, the difference is what you can do while getting good performance. And the answer to that on the ZTE Open was "not a damn thing", because it never had good performance. Well the author also contradicts themselves. For example, this complaint: > Drivers should not crash the GPU or CPU, or lock up when called in undefined ways via the API runs directly counter to this complaint: > They will not bother to re-write their entire rendering pipeline to use super-aggressive batching, etc. like the GL community has been recently recommending to get perf up. Error checking = higher per call overhead = slower performance. If you think there should be a way to turn on a sort of safe-mode or something where the driver holds your hand that sounds reasonable, except for this: > I've seen major shipped GL apps with per-frame GL errors. (Is this normal? Does the developer even know?) In other words, the error checking the driver does to is largely ignored. Adding additional error checking at the cost of performance? That won't help at all. Opera and Firefox both support Android 2.3. So no, your HTML5 capabilities are not limited. You also aren't limited to Android 2.3 in $80 phones anyway. Most of the cheap, Chinese imports come with newer versions of Android anyway. The question is very important because it's claiming Android app compatibility. What API level it's running is therefore critical information to any developer. Fire OS tends to be more a "skin" than a fork anyway, it's similar to TouchWiz or Sense. The core framework, services, and runtime are all Android. The SDK docs say targetSdkVersion=17, so JellyBean-MR1 (Android 4.2) Mapping and push notifications are both Google Play Services APIs, not Android APIs. So it's not that Amazon forked the APIs as much as the app that implemented those not-platform APIs isn't installed. We force kids to learn math even if they have no interest in it. Same with history, chemistry, biology, etc... Forcing them to learn an intro to something is very different from forcing them into a career about that something. They don't know whether or not they like it if they've never tried it. This seems to be a campaign to get young girls to try it, nothing more. You very, very rarely have to use the Tag property to make a list. You either use Tag as a View-cache system (the View Holder Pattern, which is total overkill these days), or because your data object model is broke as hell (aka, you suck at object design). Everyone else just uses CursorAdapter which is easy to use and ties in nicely with things like Loaders and ContentProviders. Hogwash. If you are talking about SOURCE portability, Java runs in just as many places as C code, including in the embedded world. If you are talking about BINARY portability (which is what everyone was actually talking about), then native code isn't portable for shit, whereas Dalvik code happily runs on multiple flavors of ARM, MIPS, and x86 with official or partially-official support. Unless you are proposing that Android adopts a Goobuntu design of "compile everything from source", then the portability of native code source is utterly irrelevant. And if you are proposing that, you are hopelessly naive. Not to mention you must really, really hate having battery life if you want to spend over an hour compiling & installing, say, Firefox. > That is their top priority — they assuredly do not have your best interests at heart. Choo Choo! Here comes the BULLSHIT TRAIN. All aboard! For what it's worth I'm pretty sure the change was you, not Google. Google's business model hasn't changed. They are still an ad reseller, just like they always have been. They still don't sell your data, just like they never have. Automatic account merging still doesn't happen, just like it never did. Google didn't link your friends accounts together, your friend did. And if you for some reason really, really want a different account for youtube and gmail, Google is perfectly happy with you doing exactly that. And there's somewhat reasonable multi-user support to help you do exactly that. And chrome's multi-profile support allows for even stronger walls between accounts. In the particular case of youtube they even let you use a different identity for youtube from the rest of Google, your "gangstakilla999" friend just didn't choose that option when asked when he was merging accounts. A study like this one? That found that illegal downloading INCREASED sales, not decreased? http://musicfeeds.com.au/news/study-confirms-illegal-downloa... > I like google, but your point that "different account for youtube and gmail, Google is perfectly happy with you doing exactly that" is false. I have way more than 1 Google account, and I've had no issues with it at all. What evidence do you have to support your claim that Google is not happy with people having multiple accounts? Because the variety of ways Google helps you have multiple accounts is pretty strong evidence they are OK with this. > Google did make a significant effort to require real names on Google+ (and by extension youtube / gmail). Your "by extension" is false. YouTube never had the real names push like G+/gmail did. My account with a real name has always and continues to show a completely different pseudonym on YouTube, which was one of the options Google provided. > Android sensors and graphics pipelines have very poor latency. I'm not familiar with the sensors latency but the graphics pipeline certainly doesn't have "very poor latency". If you aren't dropping frames the app is just running in double buffering. Android then adds a single extra frame of latency as it doesn't "race the beam" so to speak, so the grand total latency added by the system in the graphics pipeline is 16ms. Aka, pretty damn good. I haven't seen any data whatsoever one way or another about sensors, so got a source on that? I've seen much about touch latency, but that's the hardware not Android (and on a Nexus 5 the touch latency clocks in at about 20ms - closer to fan-fucking-tastic than "very poor") Seeing as nobody has a VR system with lower than 16ms latency, we honestly truly don't have any idea what lower than 16ms even feels like, much less are in any position to assert that 16ms is "way too long". Not necessarily. They could start by rolling in the changes from LibReSSL. This is exactly what happened to GCC back in the day. GCC development stalled, EGCS forked it, and eventually FSF declared EGCS as the official GCC thereby re-uniting the two projects. Wouldn't be entirely surprising to see something similar happen here. It wasn't all open source code. The guy's still a dumbass for taking company property. The punishment may have exceeded the crime, but he still committed a crime. Easy. Remove the special exception the EU randomly added to Google and Google only. Laws that are specific to a single company are obviously bullshit. Then we just end up back in the previous situation where you had to get the site that posted the content to remove it, which had a fairly well defined set of requirements. And tada! Just like that there's no problem anymore. It's what the law requires. GitHub, YouTube, etc... don't have a choice in the matter. They are required to take down the content until they receive a formal counter-notice from the recevier of the takedown. That's fragmentation in web browsers, that has fuck-all to do with the OS or Android's SDK or anything the author is talking about. > It's not an accident that iOS devices were so much better at animations compared to Android devices in the early days, despite not necessarily having the best hardware. Pixel perfect layouts had NOTHING to do with that performance gap, and iOS devices have far and away the best GPUs of each generation. iOS devices consistenly push fewer pixels (lower resolution screens) with faster GPUs than Android does. The only reason people think Android devices are such power houses is because everyone still just looks at the CPU core count and clock speed. Which has almost no impact on scrolling and animation performance. EDIT: For example compare the Galaxy Nexus to the iPhone 4S. Both shipped Nov 2011, both use PowerVR GPUs. The GN is rendering 920k pixels, the 4S is only 615k pixels! The GN is making due with the SGX540 at 307MHz, whereas the 4S has the SGX543MP2 at 266mhz or so - literally double the GPU power of the GN, and for a lower resolution screen. Oh the joy of not reading the thread. > The getrandom(2) system call is a superset of getentropy(2). > The reason for the additional flags is that I'm trying to solve more problems than just getentropy()'s raison d'etre. And you can implement getentropy(2) on top of getrandom(2) if you so desire, which they plan to do in glibc. http://lists.openwall.net/linux-kernel/2014/07/17/682 Yes that's exactly what it is. That's why it requires a one-time connection to a PC, so it can get access to adb. Don't underestimate the usefulness of a good UI, though. But yeah, if you're familiar with systrace then this doesn't really do much for you. No, if you're reaching for PhoneGap it's because you already know HTML/CSS/JS and just don't want to learn Android's UI. Android's building blocks are simpler and more predictable than HTML/CSS is, so clearly complexity is very much not the issue you are having. It's just lack of knowledge and a lack of motivation to learn it. Which is fine, just not at all what you are claiming. Android's pieces do force you in to a significant amount of upfront complexity which makes rapid prototyping hard, but that complexity pays off a hundred times over when you start fleshing out the application into a real project. It's very critical infrastructure as the app complexity increases. There is not another UI toolkit on the planet that has the insanity that is CSS's layout and "kinda-box model but not really". CSS is very powerful, but good lord is it complex as hell. Well, a lot of that gets back to "Android is hard to do rapid prototyping in". I would looove something faster to iterate with personally, but I can also understand how it could be detrimental in the long run. It's too easy to take prototype code and ship it, instead of fixing up the underlying architecture to play nice with all the various lifecycle and different device configuration stuffs. Fragments are a pain to deal with in the early stages, but they force you to modularize your app in such a way that makes long term maintainince and UI changes easier. You can now see changes "live" in Android studio with the preview pane, which is getting pretty good these days. If you haven't played with that I'd suggest giving it a shot. The emulator is a disaster, I only ever develop on real devices. Pushing isn't that slow, but it's definitely not as nice as just hitting refresh in a browser. > Example of who did: Metro apps in Windows 8 no longer use ClearType (RGB subpixel rendering), but plain greyscale antialiasing. That's a victim of mobile-optimized toolkits. RGB subpixel rendering doesn't work on GPU-accelerated UIs that are on devices that are rotated. As in, it's expected to have the subpixel ordering change semi-frequently, and that change needs to happen as fast as possible. Since all the text is cached in GPU textures, that would require tearing down the font caches and re-building them every time the user rotates. That's prohibitively expensive, which means no RGB-subpixel rendering. On mobile devices this hasn't been an issue because raw density saves the day. Your average phone's pixels are smaller than your typical desktop/laptop's subpixels. Maybe some day desktop/laptop will get a density boost, maybe... Who, you will note, did NOT get in trouble for his public stuff according to michaelochurch's posts. I'm actually going to call bullshit on the entire notion of a "critical 3%". That may previously have been true, but so, so many apps these days have the majority of their code on critical paths, and time and time again I've seen apps that are generally sluggish just because of death by a thousand cuts. There wasn't a 3% focus area where fix it and everything is magic, it was a "well, this anti-pattern permeates your entire app, and now you have to significantly overhaul 50% of it to fix it" The modern era of low-latency interaction with high framerate scrolling & animations has completely changed the performance landscape. Performance is not something you can bolt on at the end anymore. > Inefficiency spread everywhere is kind of a best case. Not if that inefficiency is enough to cause visible issues, which is not unusual. > Also, judging from your jargon I'd say you work in games. Nope, I work on mobile apps. Which are not entirely unlike games. Except the author then proceeds to toss all his eggs into Apple's basket. No, it's not about putting all the eggs in one basket, it's about paranoidly avoiding Google at all costs for some unknown reason. It sounds a lot more like you don't actually understand how advertising works. No, tracking helps to provide you with better services, full stop. Since you use an adblocker, tracking isn't making anyone money at all. Your personal information is worth exactly $0.00 on its own. > Build a very complete profile of you, sell that data to advertisers. Why would advertisters spend money for a profile of you? Answer: they don't. This market just doesn't exist. It's fabricated. It's a fantasy to pretend your trivial existence is worth big bucks. It isn't. Advertisers do not want your information . They want your money. Google uses your information to try and match you up with relevant advertisers. This is how ad networks work, a form of online dating basically. Your information does not go to the advertiser. Your information on its own is not worth anything. > Maybe tell insurance companies that you frequently do high risk activities. Sell the information that you were at the beach when you took a sick day. This list could go on and on. Who would spend money on this and how the hell would that market ever come into existence, much less in secret, such that everyone does freak the hell out? Do you think Google sends employees out to secret hotel rooms with members of random stores to swap dirty secrets about you or something? Remember, advertisers are places you go to buy things. Not evil supervillans. > No. Tracking is about allowing advertisers to better target people that they want to advertise to. A side-effect is providing you with 'better' services. Those two are NOT exclusive. Targetted advertising only works because you the user find it more useful. And, no, it's not about better ads, it's about better services. The vast, VAST majority of tracking is never used in targetted ads. Targetted advertising is a very wide net, not hyper-focused. > because all of the android lifecycle events, os calls, etc. are through Java (JNI). NativeActivity: http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/NativeAct... No need for any Java/JNI whatsoever. No, there's also controller input, touch, asset manager, and a handful of other stuff. If you are writing a game, everything you need is available through NativeActivity without JNI. Just... no. So very no. Apple cheats because they failed to build a true density independent UI toolkit that actually works. Thus you end up with hacks like this where the UI is in a permanent state of filtered hell because the UI toolkit is just broken. Android has proved this can work, and work fantastically . The article tries to spin it as being broken somehow, but clearly they never actually worked with Android much because this all works so, so well. You don't need whole multipliers when you work in DIPs instead of PX. The author is also slightly mistaken on that. The AOSP browser is just a UI shell for WebView, and WebView has absolutely not been killed off. The WebView in KitKat sits on top of Chromium, for example, so installing an AOSP browser on KitKat will likely not have this vulnerability. > The Galaxy Nexus was released only 3 years ago. Since when was that beyond the expected lifespan of a flagship product from one of the world's largest tech companies? It became beyond the expected lifespan when it became normal to buy a new one every 2 years thanks to contract pricing and carriers pushing people to upgrade. What protects you in that scenario is those apps aren't really vulnerable to leaking anything in the first place. Malicious ads in games can only see what other ads you've viewed, it's not like you're signed in to your bank website in Angry Birds. And if your banking app with its embedded webview has its site compromised, you're already fucked without even opening the app. Unless they add multi-processing to the mod system, they can't. You can't "sandbox" a Java class like that. You can't deny it access to JNI. You can't deny it access to java.io. You can have the host OS do this, of course, but now we're talking something far, far more complex than any mod system ever. Which is, frankly, an absurd demand. Mojang should have a mod API, but that won't do diddly squat to improve saftey. Don't execute code if you don't want that code to run. Java Applets? That thing that had exploits like clockwork? Yeah, that worked great Regardless did you even bother looking at the documentation of SecurityManager? That would be a disaster to try and support. It can't clamp down per-library, it's all about current thread. Mods run in the same thread, they have to. So now you're suggesting that every. single. call into or out of a mod is guarded manually by updates to a permission manager that you are preventing the mod from modifying via reflection through... magic? Yeah, there's no way in hell that would ever work. HTML isn't code, you can't execute it. And JavaScript runs in a VM designed specifically to handle untrusted code. Neither applies in the slightest to the Java VM or Minecraft mods which, by definition, occupy the same process space with the same permissions as Minecraft itself. It is not a web browser, it does not have process sandboxing, it does not have a seperate VM specifically for mods, etc... > I understand the concept, but discloses something you can't disclose. Until they have been served a warrant, they are not under a non-disclosure warrant. That's how the canary is legal. > hey can compel you to lie/not comment if asked No, no they cannot. They can prevent you from commenting, they can NOT compel you to lie. Lying and not commenting are very, VERY different. > Just because something is old doesn't mean it's outdated. Yes and no. The state of the world pre-2000 is very, very different than today. Pre-2000 engines were not built for HTML5/CSS3, they were not built for touch panels, they were not built for quad-core CPUs being standard (hell, dual-core wasn't really even a thing), GPUs were an unexpected surprise, not a cornerstone of the device. You either refactor until you have nothing left from pre-2000 anyway, or you rewrite from scratch. > It's always been that way, and it always will be. No, it isn't, and no, it won't. Having security AND performance at the same time is hard, but Rust very much looks to be a compelling answer to that. Your example doesn't disagree with me. It has nothing to do with being compelled to lie by a court order. It has nothing to do with the Judicial system at all. It has nothing to do with lying vs. not commenting. The ONLY CPU benchmark that was not browser-based (and therefore running wildly different software) is the 3DMark Physics test, and A8 lost bad on that test. Everything else was either single threaded (all the browser benchmarks), in which case dual vs. quad is irrelevant, or they were GPU bottlenecked in which case you aren't talking 1.4GHz dual core, and on the GPU front Apple spends a huge amount of transistors on that. They throw oodles of power at the GPU. Also thanks to power management the vast, vast majority of those "2+GHz Quad-cores" were not running at 2+GHz, they were running at closer to 1.4-1.6 GHz. Apple is really good about settings its max frequency to something sustainable, whereas everyone else advertises burst frequencies. There are multiple threads, but the benchmarks are specifically looking at JavaScript performance (as it's the only thing they can actually measure - anything claiming to measure drawing performance is a lie, whether or not they realize it, but I digress), and JavaScript is all single-threaded. There is going to be painting and such while the benchmark runs, which will use a second thread, but that's about it. And that's going to be relatively light compared to actual usage where you're scrolling around and such. The majority of the other threads of a browser are I/O bound (networking, disk, etc...) and won't be using much of the CPU. Their SoCs were too good. Critically even though they may not always have the best CPU cores or best GPUs, they do have the best radios. And integrating that into the SoC is just better from a power perspective, making Snapdragon overall the best SoC package for a phone. So Android pushed 77% more pixels using only 50% more power? Sounds like Android is more efficient! Obviously power is more complex than just that, but seriously Android's reputation for being inefficient is really not justified due to things like this, where resolution differences are completely ignored. > That presupposes that lighting up and drawing pixels is most if the overall power budget. That very much IS most of the overall power budget. That was very not a guess on my part. Yup! I have no idea what the other person was talking about tbh. > Google has, on multiple occasions, utilised its search engine to prop up or otherwise give an advantage to its own products over that of third parties. Not in search rankings it hasn't. There is zero, zilch, nada, nothing wrong with google.com showing ads for other google stuff but not 3rd parties, same with the spaces around the search results. And your "obvious" example is anything but. Google+ does not rank highly, and afaik never has. A search for "Wil Wheaton" turns up lots of results including his twitter and tumblr profile, but his G+ profile (which is fairly active) is no where to be seen on the entire first page. Read how that test is run. It's showing a static image. There's nothing changing, there is no rendering in that test at all. So of course resolution didn't have an impact, the test is built to test purely the display's power draw and does excactly that. How did they fail to substantiate the claims? There wasn't even anything to actual counter there, News Corp's letter had nothing of substance. Google responded by quoting Yelp, who has said that the algorithm changes have not harmed Yelp (aka, an independent 3rd party is also disputing News Corp's claims). As for the Android Google Play lockin allegations, what more is there for Google to say? Android is open source and usable by anyone, this is simple fact. Google even calls out Amazon and Nokia doing exactly this. There literally does not exist a certification process for Android-related products. There exists a certification process if you want GOOGLE PLAY , but not if you just want Android. > Links that actually detail the changes made to the algorithm That's a joke, right? > links to the Google Play certification requirements would be useful substantiation Irrelevant. You should re-read News Corps' claims, which is what Google is responding to. Google Play certification was not a complaint. Android certification was the complaint - and you can't link to something that doesn't exist. No, Google puts the ANSWER first if it has it, otherwise a list of links that might have the answer. Google Finance does not rank higher than Yahoo Finance in your example. The stock onebox that appears (which, you'll note, Bing also does) has a list of links to Google Finance, Yahoo Finance, and MSN Money. Bing only links to MSN Money fwiw, so Google is "more fair" than the competition here anyway. And if you do a search for what's obviously a stock ticker, like AAPL, you'll actually see Google goes "Onebox with answer + links to google finance, yahoo, and MSN money followed by finance.yahoo.com search result", whereas Bing is "MSN money onebox followed by a link to google finance " So clearly Google Finance's high position is justified regardless, as other search engines put that result first. Uh, no it isn't? Dalvik has had x86 codegen since ICS: https://android.googlesource.com/platform/dalvik/+/ics-mr0/v... And that's for JIT codegen, the interpreter will obviously run just fine on every architecture. MIPS becamse first-class supported in KitKat, by the way. The average human has better than 20/20 vision. The average is actually closer to 20/16 to 20/12, and doesn't drop to 20/20 until 60 years of age. The human eye does not have a simple resolution like that, and yes it's VERY possible to notice PPI differences in the 300-600 dpi range, especially for certain forms of content. See: http://www.anandtech.com/show/7743/the-pixel-density-race-an... > “Normal” visual acuity for healthy eyes is one or two lines better than 20/20. In population samples the average acuity does not drop to the 20/20 level until age 60 or 70. http://precision-vision.com/Introduction-to-Visual-Acuity-Me... Read the link I posted, it explains it all. Also 20/20 is not only not perfect vision, it's not even average [1]. So using that as the baseline is stupid, it's the low end not the high end. Second the human eye does not have a fixed arc resolution, different specific detail scenarios have different degrees of accuracy. But if you're going to use this shortcut, you better go with a number on the upper end of things instead of the lower end, so more like .4 arcminute. The net result is there is real, technical merit in going all the way up to 600 PPI assuming it's held 12 inches away. There's still arguably value to be had beyond that, but it starts getting more into just being a pointless spec war. Right now, though, we are very firmly well inside technical worth. 1: http://precision-vision.com/Introduction-to-Visual-Acuity-Me... No, the thing you are missing is that corrective lenses are a thing that exists. We're really quite good at taking someone with 20/100 vision and turning that into 20/20 or better. No, they are just doing a hell of a lot more than search these days. > We have seen this type of stuff on Android with Dalvik (where Qualcomm has a special library / modified version of the VM). Which they achieved at the cost of correctness: https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58726#c10 And vendors do contribute performance patches back to AOSP. ARM's Linaro group has updated & NEON-enabled some libraries, Intel contributed SSE optimizations and x86 support in general, Nvidia contributed NEON optimizations, Imgtec for MIPS support, etc... There's a cost to maintaining a downstream fork, and a slight competitive edge tends to not actually be significant enough to justify the engineering cost. No, the DPI buckets are only for pre-baked assets (images, basically). Everything else is fully resolution independence. This was used for the original N7, for example, which didn't actually fit into either the MDPI or the HDPI buckets. It instead had a ratio of 1.33125, and yet everything but images are rendered unscaled. > For example, a line 1 px wide at 1x will be 1.5 pixels wide at 1.5x. That means at least one edge must be aligned on a partial pixel, and there's the potential for weird antialiasing effects. True, BUT you still have that problem on the 6+ with everything being scaled by 15%. In fact, the problem is vastly worse. Instead of the occasional line being 2px instead of 3px, you now have every line being blurry. And you can solve the 2px vs. 3px line thing quite easily by letting devs choose between specifying in pixels vs. points, which is what Android does. The problems you talk about are all problems that only exist if you exclusively work in points. They all go away when you can also use pixels. And the density is not at all high enough to mask this. It's very visible as soon as you pick up the device, and the dividing lines in things like the calculator app are hilariously uneven and awful. No, there's actually a 3rd solution which is what Android uses: (3) Expose both pixels and dips. Both are first-class units in Android. The 2D drawing API works exclusively in pixels, but the layout commonly works in DIPs instead. Developers then do their layouts in dips but custom 2D drawing in pixels. Or really most anything in code is using pixels, dips are largely contained in the XML layout files. Android converts dips to pixels and rounds them at view inflation time, then works with pixels from then on. So the view would load its width of 10 dip, convert it to pixels and round it (13 pixels), and then measure itself to that size. The fractional part is completely lost, never to be seen again. So in that example there would indeed be 3 unclaimed pixels at the end of the container. For things like hairline borders you typically just specify that they are however many pixels wide. It's perfectly valid to say width=100dip, height=1px. You can mix & match at will. For the scenario where you just want to have a bunch of elements all fit on one row you usually just give them all the same weight and let the parent view divide up the space rather than saying parent=100, children each =10. The exploit is social engineering: "NotCompatible is being spread via spam and websites seeded with booby-trapped downloads" Er, why? SpaceX has put exactly 0 people into orbital space at all, much less to the Moon. China has only just made it to space and are still struggling with getting probes to the Moon. Not to say NASA is going to be the first to Mars, but they are far and away the only ones with anything remotely resembling a track record to support it. Well, NASA and Russia, but Russia doesn't seem to be doing much in terms of pushing new programs. > but SpaceX is doing more per dollar than NASA is by a wide margin. ...using NASA's money. SpaceX's money is coming from NASA. So, no, SpaceX is not doing more per dollar than NASA is. And fwiw SpaceX so far doesn't have anything resembling a rocket that'll make it to the Moon much less Mars. Let's first see if they can even get people into LEO first (using decades of research and knowledge that NASA paid for, of course) 1 shuttle launch: $450M (reality) 7 people 53,600lb to LEO 1 SpaceX dragon launch (ignoring for a second that it doesn't exist yet): $160M (target) 7 people 7,300LB to LEO So even if the Dragon V2 comes in at its targetted price and capacities (and all historical evidence says it very much will not do that), it'll take 7 launches of it to match the payload of a single Shuttle launch. Doing some quick math here... 7 * $160M is... a hell of a lot more than $450M So pound for pound the shuttle is half the cost of the Dragon V2's estimated price. And in terms of actually mission profiles take something like STS-31, the Hubble launch. Payload mass there was 26,187lbs. Assuming that weight could somehow be split perfectly into 7,300 chunks and assembled in space that's still 4 launches on the Dragon V2, or $640M. > The blocking model limits parallelism, horizontal scalability, and the number of concurrent push connections. [citation needed] Seriously, where are the benchmarks? I see lots of claims of threads being slow and heavy (see also every time green threads comes up), yet... they are not. And every benchmark I've seen shows that, gasp , kernals are really fucking good. And library-of-the-week's greenthread kernel is not. The author then says you should use NIO. But, well, NIO is slower than blocking IO. A lot slower: http://www.mailinator.com/tymaPaulMultithreaded.pdf So if you're using NIO instead of blocking IO threads, well, say goodbye to 25-30% of your throughput. But at least you got to feel all clever using unnecessarily complex async programming, so that's worth it, right? The cost of a Shuttle launch was $450M and carried 24,400 kg & 7 people to LEO. The only thing that can compete with that short of the Saturn V is the Delta IV-Heavy, which is $340M per launch and can carry 28,790 kg to LEO. Like all virtual memory the stack isn't actually allocated until it's used. So, no, that doesn't grow memory quickly. And while it's great Netty will get you to 100k connections, you can totally have 100k real threads on Linux. In fact, as far back as 2.5 in 2003 starting & stopping 100,000 concurrent threads took just 2 seconds with the introduction of NPTL. CPUs & memory have gotten a smidge faster since the Pentium 4 days so that time has almost certainly dropped significantly. The only cost is virtual address space fragmentation. Which, if you're 64-bit, is pretty much a non-existent problem as the address space is so absurdly larger than the amount of memory you have. Meaning the holes are entirely free. On 32-bit systems that fragmentation could potentially be a problem, but it's unlikely. The problem would come up if you did something like allocate 1GB worth of small allocations then suddenly tried to allocate a single 1GB allocation. In practice this tends to not really happen, either, so the holes remain free. Note that there is no scenario in which the holes cost actual RAM usage. It's purely the usage of the virtual address space, no machine resources are ever consumed by the holes. No, it isn't. 1920 * 1080 pixels * 5 * 60 = 622MPixel/s of fillrate required. Radeon 9700 Pro, high end from over 10 years ago, had a fillrate of 2600MPixels/s Let's take a high end graphics card from a few years back, say... GTX 480? A 2010 card? That has a fillrate of 33,600 MPixels/sec. 5x 1920x1080 quads is child's play for any reasonable desktop GPU part. In fact high end cards from 2009 could game at 5760x2160 (that's 6x 1920x1080 displays) off of a single card. > There are much better places to work for then Google these days. Well, yes, as those places don't employ you. > Minecraft declaring freemium servers to be illegal Yes, the dark ages, where developers look to protect their consumers (which in this case are often children!) from money-sucking leeches. The Minecraft mod scene is thriving and massive and Mojang hasn't tried to stop it at all. Minecraft's price has increased slowly as the game got more and more stuff, and the pace of improvements and additions has increased significantly over time. Minecraft today is $27 (and totally worth every penny and then some), but this is very much not what Minecraft cost 2 years ago. The alpha version was €9.95 and the beta was €14.95. So no this is not at all what happened with Minecraft. No libraries have ever moved from AOSP into Google Services Framework. The Google Services library is exclusively made of APIs that use Google services that were never in AOSP, such as a Map viewer, push messaging, advanced location services, and games services. The vast, VAST majority of APIs that developers use and depend on are in AOSP either as framework APIs or in the support libraries (which are open source in AOSP as well). Second the contracts were always there. Hell, the contracts (Open Handset Alliance) came before AOSP. Moreover the actual GPU doesn't work like that either. GPUs do not have the capability to run more than one work-unit-thing at a time. They have thousands of cores, yes, but much more in a SIMD-style fashion than in a bunch of parallel threads. They cannot split those cores up into logical chunks that can then individually do independent things. The whole post isn't just oversimplified, it's just wrong. Across the board wrong wrong wrong. The point of Mantle, of Metal, and of DX12 is to expose more of the low level guts. The key thing is that those low level guts aren't that low level. The threading improvements come because you can build the GPU objects on different threads, not because you can talk to a bunch of GPU cores from different threads. The majority of CPU time these days in OpenGL/DirectX is in validating and building state objects. DX12 and others now lets you take lifecycle control of those objects. Re-use them across frames, build them on multiple threads, etc... Then talking to the GPU is a simple matter of handing over an already-validated, immutable object to the GPU. Which is fast. Very fast. Uploads are already done asynchronously, that's driver optimization 101 level stuff. It's also one of the very few operations that has an independent core to handle it (the copy engine) Rendering shadow-maps in parallel would be pointless. If you render 2 at the same time, then each map gets half the GPU so an individual render takes twice as long, resulting in the same total time as if you gave each render 100% of the GPU and rendered in sequence. > I wonder is there already the OpenGL equivalent of this? One of the main hurdles of OGL was issuing all the calls from the main thread, if that is gone now, that would be awesome. Yes, NV_command_list extension: http://www.slideshare.net/tlorach/opengl-nvidia-commandlista... If you managed to run a VM on a GPU it would perform like ass. GPUs are incredibly slow at doing the sort of work that a CPU does. If they were fast at doing general purpose work, then CPUs would be doing the same things. GPUs are extremely fickle with memory access patterns, branches, etc... It takes a lot of care to get them to run fast on a given workload, and that workload better be identically parallel (as in, every "thread" takes the same branches, with memory access in a uniform offset+thread-id order, etc..). > In general I find a good way to approximate a top-of the line NVIDIA GPU is to think of it as an ~8 core with a vector length of 192 for single precision and 96 (half of full length) for double precision. But that's not entirely correct either. Yes you can use it like that, but you can also use it as a single core with a vector length of 1536. In the context of over-simplification these are better thought of as single-core processors. The reason being if you have method foo() that you need to run 10,0000 times, it doesn't matter if you use 1 thread, 2 threads, or 8 threads - the total time it will take to complete the work will be identical. This is very different from an 8-core CPU where using 8 threads will be 8x faster than using 1 thread (blah blah won't be perfectly linear etc, etc). > PNaCl is still enabled Eh? What is the spec competitor to PNaCl? asm.js is a cute trick but it still lacks threads which is easily one of the biggest features of PNaCl. So what actual viable alternatives are there to PNaCl? > I'm not ever supporting HTTP/2. Congrats? Want a cookie or something? Do you have an actual complaint with the spec or do you just want to be an old man yelling at a cloud? > that doesn't mean you can ship it without regards for the the standards process. It's still wrong for all the usual reasons. What Google is doing with PNaCl is the standards process. Standards start life by being not-standards that someone shipped and enough people liked to make it into a standard. There is nothing wrong here, nothing whatsoever. This is exactly how the process should work. Design-by-committee standards suck. Standards that won through raw competition? Those are all the good ones. The idea that it's a bottleneck is wrong. Just because it's one thread doesn't make it a bottleneck. Draining from N queues into 1 queue and posting that work off to the GPU is never going to be a bottleneck. Even an arduino can handle that task fast enough to saturate the latest & greatest from Nvidia or AMD. Also fwiw in DX12 even if parallel submission is supported, what's going to happen is N user threads are going to submit to 1 driver thread that then submits to the actual GPU. Mantle is from AMD and dates back to 2013. It has nothing to do with Apple or WWDC. You're thinking of Metal. Most GPUs cannot handle multiple arbitrary commands concurrently, but even if they can you're still going to easily saturate that with a single thread pushing over command buffers. The command buffers in this case are large, complex work units, not small microtransactions like the APIs of old. And yes, ordering is needed here. Graphics APIs are almost universally non-blocking, this won't be blocking either. Vulkan is basically a rebranded Mantle. I suspect you're just mistaken about Mantle, but as that API is not (yet?) open we don't really know if this was a change Khronos made when adopting Mantle or if this is just how Mantle works as well. DX12 works the same as Vulkan, though, with a single submission thread ("The only serial process necessary is the final submission of command lists to the GPU via the command queue, which is a highly efficient process." http://blogs.msdn.com/b/directx/archive/2014/03/20/directx-1... ) Amazon mail works fine for me. But there is a white list, if you add the sender to your contact list it is white listed. Take a look at that again. There's one queue per type. One queue for graphics, one queue for compute, and one queue for DMA. Note that multiple threads are all feeding the single graphics queue. Most of Google's open source code is already on GitHub and has been for quite a while: https://github.com/google > This is an absurd level of improvement for an already mature, commercially successful rocket. What are you basing that on? And an absurd level of improvement can just as easily mean that V1 was just really bad, not that V2 is just that good. I mean, the Merlin-1D has really good thrust to weight ratio, but the actual amount of thrust and the ISP at sea level is lacking compared to, say, the space shuttle's main engines (even with +30% the 1D is going to come short of 1,000 kN thurst, whereas the RS-25 on the shuttle was 1,860 kN). It also runs on RP-1 which is a supply-constrained fuel choice that also has a max theoretical ISP that's lower than the ISP that the space shuttle's main engine actually achieved at sea level. And the RS-25's vacuum ISP is so far out of the 1D's reach it's not even funny. Not saying the RS-25 is particularly unique here, there are 17 liquid-fueled rocket engines that have an ISP over 400 in a vacuum, 9 of which also have more thrust than the 1D. The 1D by contrast has an ISP of 340 in a vacuum. 9 engines that have more thrust and more efficiency than the 1D. 9 . But somehow Space-X is the one that blows you away? So sure, it has good thrust to weight - at the cost of using a limited fuel, with low efficiency, and low total thrust. Wow that sure is worthy of just being blown away by absurd level of improvement The one thing Space-X and Elon Musk do deserve credit on is they sure know how to market effectively. He is really, really good at making mundane tech sound amazing. Sure, but the Merlin 1D is still on the very low end of the spectrum for total thrust, which you seem to ignore. You'll note I only focused on Isp for engines with similar or better thrust than the 1D. And you can't just blindly ignore this. The lower the Isp of the engine the more fuel you need and the worse the thrust-to-weight of the vehicle total ends up being. Having a very light but very low Isp engine will not get you off the ground efficiently. And if your claim to fame is being cost-effective, efficiency is kinda important. Or put another way, the RS-25 at 7,480lb each represents a tiny, tiny fraction of the shuttle's total launch weight of 4,400,000 lbs. Using a 5,000lb engine instead would change nothing. Similarly your claim they only ran at lift off to verify they'd start is wrong. The RS-25 represented 30% of the launch thrust. Even on the fairly light and small Falcon 9, the total vehicle weight is 1,115,200 lbs. The engine weight here is important but far, far from being the single most important attribute. And with a higher Isp engine with enough thrust you could then carry less fuel. Pretty sure you could spend 10,000 lbs on the engines to save 240,000 lbs of fuel (Falcon 9 has ~822,000 lbs of propellant, the RS-25's Isp is +30% the 1D at sea level) Because I rather like that my search results are improved, my ads are less random, and recommendations are useful. Sure if you ask the question "do you want to be tracked?" you'll get an obvious no. If you ask the question "do you want better search results?" you'll get an obvious yes. Biased questions lead to biased answers. The single most widely used distro of Linux, Android, does not use XFree86/Xorg. Indeed it uses almost nothing from GNU or freedesktop.org Well, iOS uses the XNU kernel which has Mach as its basis, not BSD. It uses a lot of parts of the FreeBSD kernel, though, but it's definitely not tracking upstream FreeBSD the same way that Android is. Well yes, but is it self-signed (or otherwise "invalid" cert) because the user was MITM or because that's what the server handed over? The former really does deserved a BIG RED SCARY ALERT, the later not so much. But distinguishing those two reliably is not feasible, so browsers fail-safe into assuming it's a potential MITM. If you send an HTTPS request you can't get back HTTP. HTTP vs. HTTPS was chosen by the client. A MITM cannot downgrade HTTPS to HTTP. And thus the difference in behaviors because of the difference in intent . If you initiate HTTPS you intend for it to be secure and failure to do that is a fail condition, big red warning, this request faild. If you initiate HTTP you did not intend for it to be secure. Yes this is a problem of technicals vs. UX but it's not arbitrary or random. A straight Hohmann transfer requires ~0.5-1% more dV than a bi-elliptic transfer. Calling this "by far" not optimal is by far not correct. So instead of 32 km/s you need 31.68 km/s. This changes nothing. Because if the orbital velocity is intact you will perputally miss hitting the sun. The only way you can hit a thing you are orbiting is to remove all the orbital velocity (well, remove enough of the orbital velocity such that your orbit drops low enough to scrape the surface anyway). > Why remove it when you can just deflect the rocket by the gravity of Venus and redirect the rocket directly towards the sun? The fundamental thing you are missing is that to point the rocket directly at the sun required removing all of the orbital velocity. If you were to just point a rocket directly at the sun ignoring its relative motion and burn you would never actually hit the sun. You would just burn forever and never make any progress. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ca6x4QbpoM http://www.space.com/13140-spacex-private-reusable-rocket-el... "After separating in orbit, the two stages of the rocket would come back to Earth and land at the launch pad." They've always intended both the boosters and the second stage to return to the launch site. Google has a whole section on this here (if you want more technicals and less sales-pitch): http://source.android.com/devices/audio/latency.html including a bunch of measurements of Nexus devices here (even going as far back as the Nexus One on Gingerbread): http://source.android.com/devices/audio/latency_measurements... That's technically correct but an extremely inaccurate summary. The reason ALSA and AudioFlinger add latency is to hide hardware-dependent differences as well as kernel-caused scheduling issues & policy decisions. To achieve low-latency you need real-time scheduling, something Linux has with SCHED_FIFO but it's a bit kludgy, and getting the policy right on that is tricky (obviously you don't want a random app to be able to set a thread to SCHED_FIFO and preempt the entire system). So you have to restrict the CPU budge of a SCHED_FIFO thread, and you have to only allow apps to have a single SCHED_FIFO thread. But how much CPU time you give it needs to depend on the CPU's performance in combination with the audio buffer size that the underlying audio chip needs (and those chips also have different sample rates, is it 44.1khz or 48khz or etc...). tl;dr: this is insanely hardware-dependent. > I mean I get it, ads are yucky, privacy concerns, etc. But as someone who has used ad revenue as the only means to pay for content a lot of people loved, if too many people decide ads are too taxing for them to view, the content can no longer be supported. https://www.google.com/contributor/welcome/ Is one possible solution anyway. Re performance: It's not a question of raw speed, it's a question of predictability . GCs introduce unpredictable hiccups and require significantly more RAM (GCs are happiest when the working set is very small but the heap is very large - basically, the greater the percentage of RAM used is garbage, the happier the GC will be) Whether or not you can afford this very much is an upfront thing. You cannot push something like this off until later. For things like a web browser or game engine or other highly-interactive, highly-latency-sensitive, high-ram-using thing it's known far in advance that the GC will be a curse. This is why C++ continues to be the language of choice for those sorts of systems. Control over memory is crucial for them. > in order to justify not using a profiler, when profiling is such a simple and easy thing. My day job is basically performance optimization. It is not simple nor is it easy to use a profiler. In fact, profilers often don't tell you anything useful at all. They'll tell you sort of where you're spending your time, but they don't help at all in telling you why you're spending your time there. Most of the major performance wins I find are from optimizing the architecture not from optimizing a hot loop. I can't even think of the last time I've seen any measureable difference from optimizing a hot loop. Heck, I can't even remember the last time I found a hot loop. Then again I work on things more like game engines and web browsers. Huge systems with tens of thousands of lines of code on the hot path. Profilers don't help all that much here, and I can optimize in advance in less time than it'll take to setup the profiler and "justify" the change. This has nothing to do with "American's puritanicalism" and is just a matter of there are over 700 emoji and Unicode 7.0, which added the middle finger one, added another 250. It takes time to create 250 emoji. Google and Apple just haven't gotten to this one yet. If this was a question of "American's puritanicalism" or Google & Apple refusing to add this one to "keep things polite" then it just never would have made it into Unicode 7.0 in the first place as both Apple & Google are full members of the unicode consortium. Not really. It's still a microaggression in gender-sensitive contexts (such as women in tech) Full disclosure, my experience is with a bit older version of both Overviewer and dynmap, but a quick glance at them suggests they haven't changed much. Key differences: Overviewer's web interface is much better. Smoother & faster. And the rendering quality is also superior to dynmap's. Dynamp is, however, dynamic. Overviewer is an offline renderer, basically. You need to cron-job it or whatever, so there are delays in the map updating. Dynmap, on the other hand, is a plugin to the server itself, so it updates whenever a chunk in the game updates. This is how it also is able to have player locations and chat and stuff. But this also requires plugin support to use dynmap. Overviewer can easily work with hosted solutions. You can pull down a copy of the world from your hosted minecraft instance and run overviewer on it nightly, so you don't have to take on hosting minecraft yourself. However, if you are going the modded-minecraft route (FTB or whatever), dynamp is low-effort and since it uses the game engine itself to render has built-in support for all the crazy textures & blocks that mods add. Overviewer does not. tl;dr: If you're running vanilla Minecraft, use Overviewer. If you're running modded Minecraft (FTB, Technic, etc...) use Dynmap. I have no idea how you could possibly choose "measly" as the adjective to pair with "50% improvement in memory bandwidth" (with the part about "using half as much power" being suspiciously missing from your summary). Yes. See this post by a Chrome engineer: http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/36py7f/chrome_for_a... Your post was word for word identical to posts made 2 years about KitKat when it was released. Only instead being compared against Gingerbread. And several years before THAT when Gingerbread was released people were saying it about Donut & Eclair. So yes you'll have to wait ~2 years for the majority to be on M or higher. Oh well. Does that suck? Yeah. Is it a major, show stopping, "omg google why haven't you devoted 100% resources to fixing this?" issue? No, that's absurd. And why do you think Apple has negotiators for this? Apple doesn't license iOS to anyone. They've never attempted to solve this problem. Ever. For anything. Wakelocks have just been a scapegoat for people to pretend to sound smart when just saying that they want better battery life. They haven't actually been an issue for years. No, this won't magically fix bugs in apps that lead to poor battery life. If an app opens the camera and forgets to close it, yeah that's gonna murder your battery. It looks like its been compressed and made suitable for a web page where the image quality of that screenshot is pretty much irrelevant to everything. Which seeing as they used it for a 400x248 image in the blogpost is pretty much exactly on point. I, too, would love to live in a world where it's impossible to write bugs. Things would be so much nicer if Google could just solve the halting problem already. Sadly it's more likely I'll just get some stupid pony instead. > If not touch screen activity for a long time, or when simply the screen is locked, then why is the camera on? Face unlock, dash cams, baby monitors, live-wallpapers-that-make-your-phone-look-transparent, security apps that snap a picture when someone fails to enter the correct unlock code and emails it to you, etc... But replace camera with GPS and it's the same thing. Or audio. Or motion detectors. Or just really frequent alarms to poll a server (see IRC apps for an example) What you're calling the "CyanogenMod" way is actually what Google built, it's called AppOps. All CM did was expose it. The actual capability of permission revoking and handing out dummy data instead was all done by Google as part of AppOps and I assume that M is using that same system because it'd be silly not to. > Google so far hasn't shown much knowledge of endpoint security, uses many stacks with huge attack surface, and plays penetrate/patch. [citation needed] > Third parties, both companies and FOSS types, are doing better at protecting Android than Google. such as...? > Although there's exceptions, Google seems mostly unqualified or uncaring in terms of strong INFOSEC. Eh? What's your basis for this claim? They are pretty much always on the latest & greatest. ECHDE_RSA, certificate pinning, universal 2nd factor (FIDO), strong sandboxing & permissions (you may not remember, but those were things Google took mainstream with Chrome & Android). Google's also the company that took security vulnerability rewards and made that a thing. Plenty of things to dislike Google about (privacy is always an easy target, for example), but security really isn't one of them. They have one of the best trackrecords you can have here. Bad shape? How so? Zygote is more about memory than performance, and that's still a needed thing. SELinux is in enforcing mode and has an increasingly tighter and tighter net. Also Google is using 3.10 on the devices they sell, not 3.4. What Samsung, HTC, etc... ship is a different story, but that's not under Google's control. > Ok so given that this is a hardware flaw and not a software flaw is this kind of disclosure reasonable? Yes. Always, always yes. Even if it's unfixable, ignorance of there even being a problem is not better. > Is there anything analogous here for hardware? Yes, actually. BIOS updates can include microcode updates and workarounds for hardware issues. Similarly if it takes a specific pattern to happen (which this almost certainly does as that's how these things work), that's going to be trivial for everyone's antivirus scanners to catch. Apple more or less abandoned OpenGL years ago. The state of OpenGL on OS X is a trainwreck. It's outdated by about 5 years. Just look at the supported version list: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202823 Note that there's a lot of hardware on that list that supports OpenGL 4.5 and indeed has drivers for that on other platforms but on OS X all top out at 4.1. That may not sound like a big deal, but OpenGL 4.3 brought full compatibility with GLES 3.0. That's a biggie if you're, say, an indie game dev that wants to do a cross-platform game that can span from mobile to desktop. And 4.5 brings the robustness support that allows for secure WebGL. No, because Linux is a kernel and Gonk is more than a kernel. Parent is both technically incorrect as well as semantically incorrect. FirefoxOS uses a large amount of Google-written Android code. What makes you think Apple is going to keep their OS X GPU drivers up to date this time? Seeing as the only way to run these apps is to get them through the App Store Apple could also just completely replace your app code with whatever they want. They can also choose to just not validate signatures. If they wanted to MITM your app, this doesn't make it any easier for them as it's already very easy for them to do that. > For instance: there is no way to write a portable secure memset in portable C / C++. Of course there is, you just use the volatile keyword. volatile guarantees that all read/writes have corresponding memory accesses and cannot be optimized away. It's not going to be as fast as memset but it's definitely portable and it won't be THAT slow. Then for platforms that have memset_s defer to that instead, otherwise fallback to the totally portable volatile + for loop. > "But helmets are not supposed to shatter." Yes, they are. After any crash with a helmet you're support to discard it and purchase a new one. It absorbed, hopefully, the vast majority of the energy of the impact, not your skull. Read the link. Hint: no, they aren't. The main absorbtion of energy is all in the styrofoam. If the shell shattered but the styrofoam didn't compress then no significant force dissipation happened. Some did, yes, but not enough to have prevented anything more than cuts & scrapes. > What I'm most surprised about is that the author doesn't mention a study where drivers on average, apparently, drive 3 inches closer to cyclists WITH helmets on because they perceive them to be protected. They did, actually. That was in the article. volatile's designed purpose is for memory-mapped things, not hardware registers. Not really. He just says if the compiler can optimize away prior to it being declared volatile. You're talking about a different problem now. But I'm pretty sure you're just aggressively anti-C/C++ so whatever. > It's almost identical to the system browsers now. Facebook's comments about HTML5 were back in the dark ages when the webviews generally used horribly slow software rendering and didn't have JIT for Javascript on iOS. Incorrect at least as far as Android goes. Android's WebView literally was the system browser until Chrome was released complete with the JIT since Froyo (V8) and hardware rendering since Honeycomb. And the first several versions of Chrome on Android had much worse performance than the old WebView did. This aside the bulk of HTML content is still software-rendered. It's software-rendered into tiles which are then GPU composited. It's a different story if you use , but at that point you aren't gaining much by paying the browser tax so why not just drop to C++ and write GLES directly and get like 10x the performance? That aside while there have been improvements in JavaScript performance, HTML/CSS & rendering performance really has not improved much if at all over the years. Browsers are still dreadfully slow to actually produce pixels compared to any other UI toolkit. AMD's new desktop GPUs use 4 tall stacked memory modules. Stacked chips are definitely a thing. When this makes its way to compute modules remains to be seen, though. Those servers are also typically not CPU bottlenecked and while they would have 1024 threads (or even vastly more) they don't really benefit from 1024 cores. > That gives it much better handling characteristics than an equivalent ICE car. Yes but the equivalent ICE car by weight is... an SUV, or one of those old, massive cadillacs. The P85D is a heavy, heavy car at just under 5,000 lbs. Whereas something ilke the Aventador is 3,400 lbs (and it's on the heavier end of the sports car spectrum). But regardless while a low CoG is nice, it doesn't change the basic physics of you need to alter the direction of 5,000 lbs and you are not going to do that as well as altering the direction of 3,400 lbs. http://fastestlaps.com/cars/tesla_model_s_p85d.html Unfortunately only 1 track, but it's not pretty and turns in times slower than a Golf GTD (diesel) or Fiesta ST. The P85 has a bit more tracks: http://fastestlaps.com/cars/tesla_model_s_performance_model.... Around Willow Springs it's slower than a Ford Mustang Ecoboost (0-60 5.2s, 310hp), and around Laguna it's close to 3 seconds slower than a VW Golf R (0-60 4.5s, 300hp) The Tesla is a luxury barge after all, not a sports car, so these results shouldn't exactly be surprising. If by "a few years back" you mean 14 years ago with the quake/quack thing. But nobody is saying this is the cheating-style "optimizing" which has been judged as invalid. Both Nvidia and ATI do heavy amounts of game-specific optimizations in drivers and so long as there is no visual difference this is perceived to be fair and valid optimization. Smooth, effortless acceleration is definitely a luxury feature, too. This is exactly why 6 figure luxury sedans often have very powerful V8s, V10s, or even V12s. Just don't confuse that with being a fast car, at least not around a track. IT departments are not buying Titans and they are not going to be buying Pascals. IT departments aren't even buying Nvidia at all, they are buying Intel integrated. No, you are just totally oblivious to Nvidia's product segments. The deep learning applications and those that want massive amount of RAM buy Teslas, which have exactly that. Titan X is a gaming card and it's marketed as such. The GPU in question here, the PowerVR G6430, does not support OpenGL 4.5. It tops out at OpenGL 3.2 since it's a mobile part so everyone is using GLES. The blog post only somewhat touches on it but I believe a key part of why this is so much faster is that it sounds like Vulkan is actually exposing tiled-based rendering. Note that PowerVR is a tile-based deferred renderer under the hood[1]. So if the app is doing the work of chunking draws into tiles instead of the driver trying to extract that from the OpenGL stream that's going to be significantly more efficient. 1: http://blog.imgtec.com/powervr/a-look-at-the-powervr-graphic... Nope. The API is still in development. Blog post was updated, looks like one of the tricks is the pixel local storage GLES extension is a core feature on vulkan. The title seems to just be the standard clickbait approach to titles. They got an injuction so that's a pretty public way to go about trying to do a "cover-up". A recall for what? There's no safety issue here. There's no functional loss. Unless they advertised the car as being unstealable or anything close there's not even a marketing point that's not working as one could reasonably expect. Carmakers call this a theft-deterrant feature, they don't even call it anti-theft or similar. The immobilizer is not as secure as one would hope, but nobody ever promised you anything here in the first place. What keeps your car from being stolen is not the immobilizer. The government and laws are what keep your car from being stolen. Detailing how this works publicly makes nobody more secure. Public release of the general problem is still worthwhile as information, but there is a net "security" loss here. It's in the article: Now, after lengthy negotiations, the paper is finally in the public domain - with just one sentence redacted. "This single sentence contains an explicit description of a component of the calculations on the chip," Verdult said, adding that by removing the sentence it was much more difficult to recreate the attack. It's not serious. It still requires someone to specifically target you & your car with special gear and know-how far outside the realm of the typical car thief. The specifics of how to exploit it do not contribute to pushing the manufacturers to fix it. Disclosing the general vulnerability does, the specifics does not. > Meanwhile VWs are still being stolen using this exploit Holy fucking [CITATION NEEDED] batman! You really think your typical car thief is going to go find and purchase specialized tools? As always, relevant XKCD: https://xkcd.com/538/ It takes 10 seconds to bypass a window. Alarm systems are a deterrant, not prevention. Not really. The Linksys WRT1900AC has a 1.2ghz dual core CPU as well. At some point you need a general purpose CPU to run everything and it's not hard to just throw an ARM SoC at it which is going to be in the 1-1.5ghz range and dual core because that's just what low-end is now. Probably because they didn't want to open source it? There's still a lot of secret sauce in this general domain. Important and essential have two distinctily different meanings. Also note that this is about product search not search. > calls features by their standardized names instead of some made-up copyrighted marketing name What standardized names did Google replace with made-up copyrighted marketing names? It seems to be that if you have an older Android Wear watch and have previously paired it with an Android device to get the latest version of Android Wear then it'll work. Otherwise if you want out-of-the-box support you need a newer watch that already shipped with the version of Android Wear that supports iOS. I suspect it's far more likely for "foo_xs[k] += foo_dxs[k]" to be auto-vec'd than for "foo.x += foo.dx" via templates to be auto-vec'd. The first is very straightforward and obvious with a clean auto-vec route, the later is not. Mill has two issues: 1) It doesn't exist. Theory is irrelevant, build an actual chip and run some actual software on it and then let's talk. 2) VLIW of 33 operations? Ain't no way in hell they are keeping that fed. Not happening. AMD couldn't keep a VLIW of 5 fed on their GPUs. They dropped to VLIW4, then switched to a RISC SIMD approach. And that's with a compiler that only has to deal with a very constrained grammar that almost never encounters branches. Which is about as far from general purpose workloads as you can get. That is not at all how compilers & cpu engineers work together. Compilers are not reverse-engineering the CPU, and different CPUs do not behave that radically different to make this non-portable. The biggest issue by far are the languages themselves. Java, for example, is inherently anti-CPU-friendly by design. You can't get flattened objects, almost everything is done via reference instead of value, etc... This was done for other tradeoffs, but the majority of languages in use were not built for raw CPU throughput. First impressions matter, and caches do not help with that in the slightest. That's because you're talking about "rights" not "morals". I have the right to call you an asshole but it wouldn't be moral. Mods have the right to ban everyone with ideas they don't like but it wouldn't be moral. You do have the right to demand something from someone for free. You do have the right to go to every store in the city and empty every "take a penny leave a penny" tray. But having the right to do it and it being moral are very, very different things. What you're describing basically already exists, it's Rust. > But the reality is that there are very few code bases written in Rust and an uncountable amount written in C++ Most libraries use a C ABI due to it being stable, and Rust has fantastic FFI support for C (although tools to take in a .h and spit out the FFI in Rust are definitely needed). There's no performance cost to FFI in Rust, either, it's just a function call. As someone that spends a lot of time in an existing C++ codebase, FFI with zero overhead offers a very enticing migration path. But as you were asking about making a new language, I was just pointing out the language you were starting to design has already been built. > But the reality is that there are very few code bases written in Rust and an uncountable amount written in C++ Most libraries use a C ABI due to it being stable, and Rust has fantastic FFI support for C (although tools to take in a .h and spit out the FFI in Rust are definitely needed). There's no performance cost to FFI in Rust, either, it's just a function call. As someone that spends a lot of time in an existing C++ codebase, FFI with zero overhead offers a very enticing migration path. But as you were asking about making a new language, I was just pointing out the language you were starting to design has already been built. If you want to do any sort of custom drawing or animation you basically can't do it with the web, the performance just isn't there. You must stay on the specific fast paths offered by the browser or you're screwed. So no, the web cannot do pretty much anything with content and data. The web can do very, very little with content & data, it is just often enough coverage for passive things like articles. 802.11ac (2.4GHz/5Ghz). Aka, fixing the biggest issue with the old one. And also chromecast audio, which is new. > Pretty insightful to compare this to Apple's recent release where they've introduced a brand-new input method The stylus and touch long-press both predate Apple's usage by years . All Apple contributed was marketing names. > I'm no fan of Apple's App Store policies, but this one is entirely iFixit's fault. Not necessarily. It's not clear that Apple's rules were reasonable. If the dev unit is identical to the production ones then an NDA is unreasonable unless it was only under NDA until an embargo. Try reading the article next time: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2015/10/android-6-0-marshmall... " The assistant app only gets data about the current view if the user long-presses on the home button—it's not a passive scanner. If all of this sounds like a privacy nightmare, the assistant feature can be turned off in the settings. Head to Settings -> Apps -> Configure Apps (the gear button) -> Default Apps -> Assist and Voice Input and turn off everything. Here, users can also set which app has access to the Assist API (there can only be one) and pick between sending the app text-only or text and a screenshot." No they didn't: https://investor.google.com/corporate/google-code-of-conduct... The first 3 words are still "Don't be evil" You're confused about the news that Alphabet now has a parent Code of Conduct that is "Do the right thing". But Google retains "Don't be evil". How is it evil ? You do know you can not like a change without that change being evil , right? The internet permission was never accurate. Malicious apps had plenty of ways to get data off of the phone. The INTERNET permission was promising something that was not enforced. Something about it had to change, and seeing as connectivity is heavily assumed and ingrained into everything it makes sense to just nuke the false permission. Practically speaking the main users that want INTERNET to be a permission and to revoke it are people that want to block ads. That's a moral grey area at best, so making that harder is far from "evil". > This isn't an "open standard" guys They never said it was? The web site just says AMP is open source (which it is). It says nothing about standards. > Google could have easily promoted performance by applying penalties to heavy pages via Page Rank. They have been since 2010: http://googlewebmastercentral.blogspot.com/2010/04/using-sit... > Google's slogan shifted from "don't be evil" to "do the right thing" False. Google's slogan did not change. Also the full slogan for Alphabet is "do the right thing – follow the law, act honorably, and treat each other with respect." This cannot be selfish & blatantly evil. > Also, I'm not familiar with the W3C process Then don't pull random statements out of your ass about it? What are accepted as standards spend most of their life as W3C working drafts. The W3C doesn't finalize a draft until the feature is obsolete, more or less. WebWorkers, for example, is still a working draft. So is Web Storage. The only thing that has ever mattered is browser support, not W3C specs. > they either have permission (e.g. companies have agreed to hand over the encryption keys or allow monitoring of the data after it is unencrypted on arrival) No, because nobody would do that and the NSA has no legal authority with which to force that. Companies wouldn't agree to this because they have everything to lose and nothing to gain. It's not like the NSA could even offer them favors in exchange, as the entire thing is ultra-classified. Also there's exactly zero chance this would ever be able to be kept secret. Companies can't even keep their products secret for the few months it takes from prototypes to launch, there's no way in hell the NSA would trust them to keep this secret for years. The first sys admin forced to do this would instantly talk about it. > some other means (man-in-the-middle attacks, server backdoors, hacking vulnerable software) to bypass the encryption entirely The article talks about this. That's definitely possible, but it's much more targetted and doesn't fit the scale that the Snowden leaks suggested the NSA was achieving. The five-dollar wrench doesn't allow for passive collection. You kinda know when you get hit with a wrench. The telcos (AT&T, Verizon, etc...) were cooperating, but that also fell under existing wiretap laws-ish and was known-ish. There had been rumors about it for years, there have been photos of mysterious governement vans of equipment showing up at sites, special locked rooms, etc... Those companies also haven't denied it. However there is none of that for any of the other companies listed under Prism. Later leaks from Snowden suggest that the companies listed in Prism did not know they were part of Prism (places where inter-dc traffic was being spliced, that sort of thing). Also just practically speaking with how fast companies rise & fall in this area doing this on a per-company basis wouldn't scale. Like when would you expect the NSA to approach, say, WhatsApp? Or Snapchat? Generally cars in this segment don't age well to begin with. For example a new BMW 750i will cost you $100k+. A used 2009 750i with only 60k miles though? $30k. Not just BMW, either, a certified-used 2009 911 Turbo can be yours for $70k, less the half the starting MSRP of $150k. But the people who buy them don't care. They'll just buy whatever the new thing is. No? YouTube Red is ad-free videos on youtube.com along with music videos. Play Music subscription is all access to music in play music. Also plenty of people don't realize/know/care that youtube is owned by Google. They are still a pretty independent brand from a consumer perspective. I don't think Apple gets a say over it. The already got sued & lost about price fixing on eBooks, I don't think they're going to try their hand at price fixing again. Also practically what could Apple even do? Kick YouTube off of the AppStore? That'd just hurt Apple as well. Absolutely, I certainly wouldn't recommend it. But the maintaince aspect is yet another argument in favor of my point, which is that people dropping over $100k on a car typically don't care if it holds value. It's irrelevant if the i8 is still cool in 5 years to the people that can afford an i8. Is your channel even a "partner" channel? If it's just a regular channel you don't get asked, you are just part of the new thing. And what about this do you not like specifically? Are you unhappy that they didn't wine & dine you? Either someone else now has authority over the estate such as to continue to be collecting a check from YouTube, or the channel is no longer a partner channel and just is automatically part of the new system. I don't think any channels will just go dark because the original owner passed away. > Consumer cars & SUVs can go 0-60 in under 10 seconds in almost all cases, and the fact that the brake can overcome that acceleration is great, except it takes time The actual data paints a different picture: http://media.caranddriver.com/images/media/51/braking-result... That said people don't do well with surprises so while the car mechanically would have no trouble at all stopping very nearly as fast due to a wide open throttle, the driver is probably freaking out instead of just slamming on the brakes. Also people suck at actually slamming on the brakes, regardless of the situation. It's not something people want to ever do. They'll hit the brakes, they just won't go anywhere close to really pushing that pedal to the floor. YouTube Red is not a choice for creators. If you're a partner, you have to agree to the new terms or you're de-listed (videos go private). If you're not a partner, just a regular creator, then you're just part of YouTube Red. You don't get a choice. ART on Android does this as well. I think a lot of people really did believe it, but they vastly underestimated how much Steam was displacing vs. consoles displacing in the major stores like Best Buy and whatnot. Like, you'd go to the store, see rows and rows of PS3 & XBox 360 games and practically nothing for PC games. It's not a big leap to say pc gaming is dying based off of that, as obviously stores are going to sell what people are buying. Digital distribution is obvious NOW but back in the day there were a loooot of people scoffing at paying the same price for the digital version and making fun at people for not getting the obviously superior physical version. > I don't know if it's still a thing but in Counter Strike people use very low resolutions to enhance performance, have better vision and reduce mouse movement. Not anymore. There are plenty of pros playing at 1920x1080 with all settings on high + MSAA. High-end video cards are common as a result (as the target is ~200-300fps on 144hz monitors) I think the reasons for this are a combination of that's what this generation of pros grew up expecting AND the rise of twitch streaming. Better looking streams attract more viewers. There have been some investigation of settings and high vs. low generally doesn't give you an advantage or disadvantage either way. > Yes and no. In a game like Starcraft where cloaked units give a slight glimmer when moving Sorry I wasn't clear, I was specifically talking about CSGO. Seeing through smokes & fires isn't any better at low vs. high settings. > It's why so many CS pros still use 4:3 aspect ratio. Hmmm I disagree. Many of the current CSGO pros using 4:3 AR came from CS 1.6 and I think they just never felt like changing. There's no competitive advantage to it. If anything it's a FOV loss and thus a slight disadvantage but it's so minor as to not matter most of the time. > (it's like any other system that gives untrusted users non-root access to Linux: you can probably get away with it, but eh) This is far from true. Android has always had a ton of sandboxing. Every app is its own user, unable to interact arbitrarily with other apps, things like that. You won't find any desktop OS that comes anywhere close to the security design of Android. But the thorn in Android's security side remains updates, or lack thereof. > Android's attack surface is much higher than Chrome OS's. Not really. All you have to do in CrOS is compromise Chrome (which has happened plenty of times), and you have owned the user. You've won. Game over. And Chrome's attack surface is huge, just like any other browser's. The kernel syscall interface is relatively tiny, and SELinux clamps that down even further. If you had just used a static there'd be no need to talk to the activity directly. The bizarre hacks tend to arise because Java devs seem to consider static globals as icky. One of the things the article doesn't mention, which is odd, is that frames are precious objects that need to be produced in whole. If you have multiple threads all producing parts of the scene, when do you actually kick off the frame so that the user never sees a part of a frame? Even if your worker thread is just updating the text of a few fields when it's done, you need to batch that up into a single atomic update on the screen. Which means you need transactions, at which point you basically have a single thread and a message queue so why complicate things internally and add all the lock/unlock overhead? Every GUI toolkit already "bothers" by virtue of being single threaded. You never see a UI toolkit where this: btn.setText("hello") btn.setColor(BLACK) might show a white-text "hello" for a single frame. If the UI toolkit was thread-safe, though, that would become a possibility. The ones on Amazon are all $15-$20 and even monoprice is $10 Since Google isn't the manufacturer they are not making a ridiculous profit margin. Whole dollars on a $500 phone is more likely to be Google's entire profit margin, though. The profit margins on phones is razor thin unless you're Apple. Monoprice also has volume pricing and it's also $10/ea even when you're buying 50+. The simple fact is nobody that makes cables is selling them for cheap currently. The volume isn't there yet, and they still need to recoup costs from spinning up a new production line and a new SKU and all that. And LOL @ the idea that Google sells millions of phones. > Skia is already used by the Android UI stack. Android's hardware renderer does not use Skia for 2D drawing. So if your canvas returns true from canvas.isHardwareAccelerated() (and it should unless you're running on Gingerbread), it does not use Skia. Skia has an optional OpenGL backend. It's used by Chrome for things like No, it's more that Denver sucked. A57 is just faster. Just look at the various reviews of the Nexus 9 (for example http://www.anandtech.com/show/8701/the-google-nexus-9-review... ) and compare it to the Shield Tablet which has A15s, not even A57s. If Denver's JIT happens to do well the device flies, but if you're not a benchmark or the benchmark is too large to be easily JIT'ed, then the performance falls off a cliff. The user is under no obligation to use either the website nor the ad block software. As a result, your argument is irrelevant. No, it's the other way around. The bot worked locally (simulating input). Ad blocks interfere with the actions of a remote server. Adblocks work by maintaining white/black lists. As such, they inherently are targeting specific URLs. Until we have AI (since remote control doesn't work in this case) and far, faaaar better robotics, humans are vastly superior to have on Mars. Well, if they're alive, anyway. See also: You can probably do things a roomba can't. > Everything uploaded is data-mined From the article: "Google does not use student data for targeted advertising" So... what's the problem? The data is uploaded for a clear and legitimate need, the ability for school's to loan out chromebooks on demand. The data is not used for advertising. Near as I can tell the complaint is this nebulous "it's being data mined" with no elaboration or evidence. By default only passwords are encrypted afaik. There's a setting you can choose that will encrypt everything, but then you need to provide a passphrase. > The data still exists in aggregate form. Yes, because it has to, to serve the sync purpose. And the EFF is not challenging the sync purpose. The sync purpose is the entire reason schools are using chromebooks in the first place. So no, the problem is not that the data exists on Google's servers. > it's a very tempting target for various types of thieves and governments with national security letters. OK now you must be trolling. Government NSL requests for 2nd graders chromebook data? Seriously? > Google's monetization as stated in the article. It's mined. Yes that's the claim but where is the evidence ? Unsubstantiated claims are also called conspiracy theories. The context here is primarily about under-13 year olds, which is what COPPA is concerned with (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). And I'm still gonna go with nobody is issuing NSL requests for your high school drama. > They simply need to be liable (both civil and criminal) for any problems that arrive. OK, but why bother saying that when they already are? Like, yes, Google is liable for data Google holds. Water is also wet. > The idea that Google gets to collect all the data on people they want without any responsibility for how they handle that data is insane. That idea appears to be something you made up, though? > I'm not - those are examples, not an exhaustive list. That said, data stays around forever, while 2nd graders eventually grow up. If you want a more likely example, try insurance companies. Since you're sticking by this please name a single thing a 2nd grader could do that literally anybody but their parents would give a shit about a week later, much less 10 years later? That argument doesn't work. It's like saying "well, prove the boogieman doesn't exist". If you're going to claim malice, it's your responsibility to provide evidence. From that same link it's 6 WHQL drivers a year, at least that's the plan. Major features on a yearly cadence is not really that big of a change. Major feature here would be things like Eyefinity, FreeSync, etc... This is very different from the monthly/bimonthly updates for performance improvements and bugfixes which is the real reason people update GPU drivers frequently. One big feature release in addition to 6 WHQL driver updates in addition to random beta drops. cheesy video from google on it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnDK17zP9BI tl;dr: it's easier to increase buffer sizes to fix underruns than to fix driver foo randomly disabling interrupts for too long. That, along with not having fast-paths to bypass large parts of the stack (mixer, resampler, audio effects, etc...), and bam, high latency. I would more say this was just an aspect that Google inhereted by going with Linux ( see also https://xkcd.com/619/ ) iOS inhereted a strong foundation for this as OSX has a history of strong support for this sort of content creation. Linux does not. > where other Linux distros had rock-solid and professional-quality audio subsystems and software integration Such as? Remember we're talking Linux in the 2005-era (~2.6.10-ish), not Linux today. JACK was still fairly new at that time. ALSA was still mostly broken at the time. Most stuff still wanted OSS. Basic "does sound come out of the speakers?" was often broken, and god help you if you wanted two things to play audio at the same time. And you still need to solve the driver problem, which JACK, etc... don't help with at all. No, because wifi is a nice protocol. It waits for the channel to be clear before transmitting. It's not a matter of transmit power, it's a matter of collision & airtime. > Operator overloading isn't really "right" or "wrong" per se, but it's probably a bad idea for anything that isn't able to fully implement the contract of the operator, including "associativity", "no side effects", whether exceptions can be thrown, etc. Operators are not special here. What you are saying is basically "don't claim to implement the interface if you didn't implement it". This exact problem exists widely in, for example, Java. How often do you see a Java object where someone overrode equals() but not hashCode()? I've seen that problem vastly more often than anyone doing something crazy with operators. Please elaborate on the myriad of downsides that operator overloading is chained to. I am honestly not aware of any downsides that are unique to operator overloading Hint: Things like "they can be abused" or "you can do crazy things like have + return a dot product" are not unique to operators. I can very easily define .clone() in Java to return a dot product as well, or have .equals() do in-place addition. Did you not bother reading the article? At least half of it is talking about it being a stall and trying to figure out why it's stalling. It's obviously not a hardware limitation if it works fine in Windows. OpenJDk's initial release was May 8th, 2007. Android was already far along in development by that point. single thread yes (just like every UI toolkit...) but there is not and never was a global lock. The claim is that it would hurt small investors as they start out life as a non-practicing entity. Which is really what patents are for, to give the inventor time to become a practicing entity before a large company can copy it. Just that the world doesn't work like that anymore, and patents are now abused by large companies to hurt the little guy. Let's say you invent a doodad in your garage. You have the implementation, you have a working device, but you don't (yet) have a product you can sell. You are unlikely to be setup to manufacturer this, so you'll you need to find a partner to produce that doodad. Patents protect you during this process, so that a manufacturer can't just go "oh cool we'll not pay you and instead just go do this under our house brand without you" At least that's the theory. The reality is it's increasingly unlikely you'll be able to invent anything physical by yourself in a garage anymore in the first place and things like software have no barrier to mass distribution like physical goods do. The obvious example would be netbooks. MSFT moved very fast to counter Linux on that front. People will make mistakes. Policy does not prevent that. Tools do. If you have a modern compiler then it supports outputting the pre-processor result. If you have a modern toolchain stack unwinding is already friendly to macro expansion. A production build does not mean you don't have symbols, it just means you don't have symbols in the executable. Stash your build symbols somewhere so you can symbolize the stacks offline. Macros don't change this. They are consistent output for the same input. Macros are not evil. Abusable, yes, but they also solve various sets of problems just better than any other solution. The vast, vast majority of your "evil" list is either just wrong or unrelated. I don't think you really know what macros are or how/when to use them. Code generation, for example: #define DISALLOW_COPY_AND_ASSIGN(TypeName) \ TypeName(const TypeName&) = delete; \ void operator=(const TypeName&) = delete Or for things like compile-time injection of wrappers that you need to be completely gone in production versions. An example would be wrapping all OpenGL calls with glGetError() checks in debug builds. Modern C++ did not replace macros nor did it even try. some uses of macros were made obsolete (like min/max), but most were not. > on a handicap What handicap? There was no handicap? You sleep with your phone in your pocket? That's really the thing doze is great at. If you forget to charge your phone, you wake up with still decent amount of battery left. Or for tablets sitting around on tables/desks. > which overall would translate to a superior user experience. Only for users of devices that the dev bothered to put out binaries for. I guarantee you most devs that use the NDK are not building for all 8 ABIs that the NDK supports. ARMv7-neon may be the most common arch but it is far, far from the only one. It was during the game on the main stream: https://youtu.be/l-GsfyVCBu0?t=2510 Sounds more like you want a setting of "syncing is not important to me" Doze backs off sync period, trading timeliness for battery life. That's why significant motion prevents it from happening, it assumes that if it's on your person then syncing is important. Which is a generally true assumption. > No doubt? Seriously? What kind of knowledge do you have to make such statements? Uh, click the link in the OP and find out? AI just beat a top 5 human professional 4-1. Go rankings put that AI at #2 in the world. If AlphaGo improves at all at this point it will have achieved a level well beyond any human. It is incredibly, ludicrously unlikely that AlphaGo has achieved the absolute peak of its design given that it went from an elo of ~2900 to ~3600 in just a few months. Most of AlphaGo's learning came from self-play. Hence how it was able to vastly exceed the skill level of its initial training data which were amateur, not professional, games. No, they're running 2+ year old OSes, not 2+ year old apps. Just like Windows 7 still runs the latest Chrome despite being a whopping 6 years old, so, too, does Android KitKat run the latest Chrome. We're talking about websites here, not native apps. So... no, you don't. Browsers already did the compatibility work for you. http://lmgtfy.com/?q=ATAP Because the question is literally answered by the first half a dozen results from any search engine? I think that's an unfounded and problematic stance. Front-ends almost always involve working with data. It is increasingly common for front-ends to have filters, searching, sorting, etc... of that data as well. Doing that efficiently is key to ensuring a fast, responsive UI. Wrangling with divs and CSS may take a disproportionately large amount of your time but that doesn't mean it's the most important skill to look for, nor does it mean the CS questions are somehow irrelevant to the work. No, the point of estate tax is to prevent generational inheritance, not to re-coupe failed cap gains. The purpose is to prevent a class of non-working super rich that live for generations off of the estate. So you can be rich and have lots of fancy toys and swim in pools of money while you're alive, but once you die that's it. Your children benefit by starting with a (very large) head start relative to their peers, but they shouldn't necessarily be set-for-life. It's economically bad to have a vast pile of money sitting in one place for a long time, you want to get that back into circulation. And success should be earned, not granted at birth. The only alternative would be something like actively taxing net worths that exceed some amount, which is less palpable. Look at it as a regular income event. You were taxed when you got that money from whoever gave it to you and now your kids are being taxed when they get the money. Your kids aren't you. Money isn't a taxed-once thing, it's taxed every time it changes hands. Death is an event at which money changes hands (from you to your kids), and is taxed appropriately. Anyway multi-generation estates are very well tested as being bad for society over time. Just look up monarchies. There's always a cutoff just due to practicality. If you give a friend $5 probably neither of you filed taxes for that. If you give a friend $10m, well, the IRS will probably notice that one. (in the case of a gift tax the cutoff is $14k and yes it applies to your children, see: https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Emplo... ) No, it isn't taken away. The person that owned it is dead. If you decided to give it to your children or whatever, it'll get taxed just like if you tried to give them that much money before you died. If in your will you decide to give it to a non-profit charity instead, it's not taxed. You aren't taxed for dying. The person who died isn't taxed at all. It's the people that are still alive that are now receiving money that are taxed. How is any of this unfair? Your children didn't do anything to earn that money. Why should they get it at all? Canada doesn't have an estate tax, but it has something largely equivalent: http://www.investopedia.com/articles/retirement/08/estate-pl... Sweden only very recently (2005) repealed its inheritance tax after centuries of having one. So the current inequity levels in sweden occurred under inheritance tax. Prior to 2005 the inheritance tax rate in sweden was 60%, higher than the estate tax in the US. And vastly more people hit the tax in sweden as the exemption was a mere $8600 USD. So if anything Sweden is evidence that a stiff estate/inheritance tax helps prevent inequity. We'll see if that changes. If your children provide you support, great! You have that advantage vs. people that don't have children or that have children that are, let's say, a drain on their time. Your children still did not earn income, you did. And you got a tax break for that as well in the form of dependents. You are asking to double-dip here, which is unfair. If you tap on a search result in "ok google" it'll launch in your default browser, not necessarily chrome. The forced launch into Edge is the only kinda suspect thing here. Of course the voice goes through each companies respective search engines, they kinda have to to work unless there's some standard for voice queries I'm not aware of. But forcing it to launch in Edge is questionable since there's nothing special there. So this is ActiveX v2 then? It's not just loading a URL with plain html5 on the other end? Does not trigger the same (and spoken) response that at least Siri and "Ok Google" do. And there are plenty of commands that don't result in a normal search at all, such as "ok google, what song is playing?" or "ok google, when is my next flight?" And single people have no child tax credits at all, what's your point? > The reason they've already cut the price of launch by about 80% vs. (say) the Space Shuttle is because they optimised the whole system No, it's because their system is much less capable and benefits from having a starting point of 50 years of accumulated knowledge. Take Musk & the Space-X team and plop them in 1980 and you would not get the same Falcon 9 that exists today. You wouldn't get anything close. Comparing the space shuttle to the Falcon is idiotic, anyway. The shuttle had capabilities that no other launch system has had or will have anytime soon (for better or worse). > What have we done since the Apollo program was canceled early? Nothing as notable. ISS? Hubble? Various Mars rovers? Sure they aren't as notable as putting humans on the freaking moon, but that's also a pretty impossibly high bar to match. The only thing that would best it is humans on Mars. > We're still highly dependent on rocket engines built by Russia. That's not entirely true. The Soyuz-U does have by far the most launches of any system at 771, true. But the still successful Atlas II (63 launches and also the most reliable system to date) used all Rocketdyne engines. The newer Atlas V does use a Russian engine for the first stage but Rocketdyne for the second. The Delta IV is also all Rocketdyne. It's also entirely LH2/LOX and yet weighs less than the Falcon 9. No, but they tend to stick to the LTS releases and the kernel tends to not get a version update for the life of the device. So it doesn't track the latest, but it's also not "really old" in that upstream Linux still considers it a supported version. 200M km of adaptive cruise control & lane assist on a highway is very different from 2.7M km of fully autonomous driving on city streets & highway. Not really, because by comparison Tesla cars are relatively blind. Google's cars are loaded up with all kinds of sensors collecting as much data as they can. And they have the advantage of driving back to the plant to hoover off the data with as fat a pipe as they want. Tesla is far more limited in both what it's collecting and how it's collecting it as it needs to go over a cell signal. For example they are using a camera for a hefty part of the autopilot system. They obviously can't stream every frame of that camera up to their servers for deeper analysis. Besides being infeasible bandwidth requirements it would be an insane privacy violation of the owner. > Google's cars are only functional on roads excessively mapped far above the normal Google Maps level. Since this is a core part of your argument, I'm gonna go ahead and [citation needed] I've not heard anything of the sort and I've seen Google's cars on all sorts of roads. Plenty of their talks have been about the cars detecting anomalous situations and reacting appropriately, as well. > I turn my wifi off to save the battery Sending/receiving data over wifi takes roughly ~8x less power than sending/receiving data over cell. If you want to save battery you need to turn off data entirely not turn off wifi. Turning off wifi ultimately costs you battery. > Including a smoking camera but no optical image stabilization? Make up your mind - is it a digital camera competitor or not? Why does it need OIS if its EIS produces a stabilized image better than anyone else's image stabilization? The feature is image stabilization - whether or not it's done optically or electronically is irrelevant, all that matters is how good the end product is. And DXO's review claims that the image stabilization in Pixel is superb. https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel-smartphone-camera-revi... Were you misled by the changing axis scale? From that paper: > Our measurements (Section 3) confirm that the transmission energy consumed by WiFi is significantly smaller than both 3G and GSM, especially for large transfer sizes. Also that's 3G, not LTE which is what most everyone is using nowadays. > it doesn't appear to even try and examine still image stabilisation and if it is superior to OIS as you claim. Yes it does, but it'd be under "blurry photos" description rather than stabilization because stabilization is more inherently a video issue than a photo one. In the case of OIS and photos you want to look at the low-light performance, which DXO did test and the Pixel did do very well on. Well, the core of the different stance is just marketing. Both Apple and Google comply with federal warrants, etc... That's obvious. Neither of them have any intention of ever letting a 3rd party access user data, that should hopefully also be obvious. As in, neither company sells your information. It'd be a PR disaster, and in the case of Google it would be a massive loss of revenue as it would undermine their entire ad business. So the only difference is what data they actually have access to, and it's not actually that different. The big difference is iMessage has end-to-end encryption by default so long as you're talking to another iMessage user. That's sorta it, though, and that gets largely neutered by the fact that the messages are then immediately backed up on iCloud anyway and that end-to-end encryption is lost in the process (otherwise you couldn't restore to a new device). Google now offers that, too, via allo's off-the-record, though. Everything else is pretty much the same between Apple & Google with regards to meaningful privacy. It reads very heavy on the tinfoil-hattery. Particularly with things like Google Home's mute button. The single advertised feature of the device is that it's always listening and the author is somehow shocked or confused by the fact that you have to push a button to have it not listen? So much so that they thought it was worth cramming in some stupid sounding snide remark about "true intentions"? That tone immediately undermines the entire rest of the piece. Just because a piece of software is frequently used doesn't mean the engineer that wrote it is top of the field. Calculator is a pretty widely used app, too, even by Google engineers. But that hardly qualifies the author to work at Google. Similarly while Homebrew is widely used and fits a need, it doesn't mean that the author is equipped with the skills that Google wants. A package manager and something like Google Brain don't exactly share much in common. It doesn't mean Google's script failed nor does it mean he shouldn't be pissed off, it's just how things are sometimes. But Trump is just as crooked if not even more crooked. He isn't going to change anything. > Choosing to AOT on device instead of doing at the store like everyone else There's a few major problems with doing it at the store. 1: Google can only AOT for their devices as the AOT depends upon the specific platform version that the app will be installed on (as symbols & offsets change, of course). It's a substantial scalability problem. 2: The compiled version is substantially larger than the dex code. That's a non-trivial cost (in terms of $$$) to put on people in the majority of the world that doesn't have high caps and/or unlimited bandwidth. 3: Apps are signed by the developer, so the store can't recompile the app without breaking the certificate chain. And then the app won't be able to update anymore, and the trust flow back to the original developer is lost. > As far as I know, there's no simple way to pass an object from the service to the UI. They are in the same process, you can communicate between them through all the normal Java mechanisms. For example, your UI can just register & unregister a callback on the service directly in its start/stop methods (or in onVisibilityChanged if you'd rather do this in a View instead) My experience is the exact opposite of yours and Apple Maps still seems weak. I've only used Apple Maps a couple of times but every time it came up with some rather brain-dead routes for simple local navigation, and this is in the US. By brain-dead I mean things like instead of simply turning left onto the street the destination was off of it went a few blocks past before turning left, which resulted in backtracking. It was bizarre. Google maps had no issues with the same route. My GF uses Apple Maps regularly because Car Play forces her to and she complains it doesn't work that well. She will always use Google Maps instead when she's not using Car Play. Apple Maps seems to be in the "good enough" category still, rather than being actually good. The rest of the republic party is going to be less eager to burn everything to the ground. There's a chance that they'll choose to just ignore obamacare as there's not much to be gained by attempting to repeal it. I don't see how. The millions of Americans that voted for Trump are not the people that subscribe to /r/The_Donald or spread dank memes. PC, SJW, etc... had no presence in the mainstream election, and it was the rural mainstream that won Trump the election. Not pepe & dank memes. > Because they falsely accuse people of things, often—especially with AdSense—and that's it, you have zero recourse, your account is permanently dead. In the case of AdSense that may be true but there's no evidence here that anyone was falsely accused. People scalped. People got busted. That's it. The only "problem" is that some of the scalpers were stupid enough to use their real accounts. > This is completely sociopathic and amoral and a human had to have approved the action. How is it sociopathic and amoral to ban scalpers? > Google would have carried out their "digital executions" on their otherwise defenseless customers. Defenseless doesn't mean innocent, and there's no evidence that these users were falsely accused or otherwise innocent of the violations they committed. > Innocent? No company that uses a double Irish tax structuring scheme to avoid paying billions has any right to cast guilt on consumers who legally purchase phones and take advantage of minor arbitrage opportunities. That has no bearing on the issue at hand. Just because entity A is guilty of X doesn't magically make entity B innocent of Y. You are incorrect. The people that were punished were people that ordered phones on behalf of someone else and had those phones directly shipped to that someone else. Buying something with the sole intention of reselling it for profit is the literal definition of scalper. The words you're looking for are mastermind and pawns . The pawns took the fall (as they usually do), and the mastermind didn't get hit. "ownership" has nothing to do with why scalping is frowned upon / policed. Scalping is a problem because the goal of scalping is to buy something that's limited in supply so that it can be resold at a higher markup. It's purely an issue because supply is limited, it has nothing to do with ownership. Concerts are always limited in supply, which is why scalping is prevalent there more than most other things. If tickets were infinite in supply nobody would care about concert scalpers, that wouldn't exist. And the reason this matters to places selling things limited in supply is that scalpers hurt consumer satisfaction and generate negative impressions of the seller due to greedy opportunists that were otherwise outside of their control. Thus why they place limits on how many you can buy until supply is high enough (like in this case how Google had a limit of buying 5 devices - enough for most families, not enough for re-sellers) At the same time why would you ever opt to malloc & memset instead of calloc? calloc might have clever optimizations, whereas malloc + memset won't. Intentionally choosing something slower, buggier, and that requires more work on your part is moronic. yes, but malloc() isn't predictable either. If you care about predictability you aren't using malloc or calloc. allows code & resources to stay as clean pages because clean pages can be swapped out even though there's no swapfs whereas dirty pages can't (since there's no swapfs). > The fundamental problem sounds like it's that SQLite insists on not running in its own thread. Pretty much all apps DO have SQLite running on its own thread, or at least a background thread pool of some sort. Android gets very cranky at the developer if they don't do this - there's tons of warnings, both runtime and in the form of lint. Database access, or anything involving fsync(), is exceptionally rare on the UI thread or any user-latency-critical thread. > I don't think the title is that misleading, it is very much and significantly faster at storage operations than the Pixel, and those matter quite a bit in your daily usage. All that was tested was fsync(), not "storage operations", and the Moto Z was faster at fsync() because it turns off fsync. But it's not clear why this matters to anything. Lag is usually the result of file system reads being slow (paging in code/resources), not writes being slow, so how does fsync performance matter? Ok maybe the author tested other things but he didn't REPORT on anything but fsync results. There's no comparison at all of file system performance other than fsync() numbers. > One of the other things clearly mentioned is that b/c of Google's use of an additional FUSE filesystem they take a 30% performance hit Only on one mount point which isn't used for anything lag-related. There's no code on that mount point. There's nothing UI-critical on that mount point. It means your photos might load a bit quicker, but again given that there was no actual numbers or objective information we don't actually know how the two compared. Good job to Motorola to handle that in the kernel, but it contributes nothing to the spectacular claim that the Pixel has 10x more lag than the Moto Z. But given this claim: "They got Moto-Z to performing close to high-end laptop SSDs." I think it's pretty obvious the author only actually looked at fsync(). Unless somehow the Moto-Z is ~5x faster than the storage in an iPhone 7 (which is the gap between an iPhone 7's storage and a high-end laptop SSD), it's obvious bullshit. That post does not say "don't use typedefs there's no real reason." It says "don't use typedefs without a real reason." Linus even provides a few examples of good uses of typedefs. Specifically he's talking about typedef'ing structs to a named type to hide that it's a struct. That's different from typedef'ing a function pointer so that you don't need to be a C parsing expert to read the code. auto greet = std::mem_fn(&Foo::display_greeting); Looks pretty simple to me, much simpler than C function pointers. :) Pairs nicely with std::bind, too, like so: Foo foo; std::function setter = std::bind(&Foo::setValue, &foo, std::placeholders::_1); setter(42); > If you need to keep that pointer in a collection, or in a class member, or pass as a function argument, “auto” won’t work. Trivially solved with decltype, no need to remember anything. decltype(std::mem_fn(&Foo::Whatever)) Typedef it if you want. > And std::function introduce some performance overhead. It's the same performance as a virtual function call. Pretty much the same as a function pointer invoke. Good luck parsing this: double (*my_function(int(*callback)(void*)))(double); without needing to think way harder on it than if typedefs were used: func2* my_function(func1*) This isn't basic syntax. C's parser is really bloody complex. That's why we have things like ioccc.org, because C's syntax is NOT trivial. One of the main reasons Android's VectorDrawable is only a small subset of SVG is to stick to only the subset of path drawing that performs reasonably well. How does Lottie deal with this? I know it calls to canvas directly when possible, but canvas.drawPath() is not exactly fast, either. What does the performance actually look like? That's not an answer to how does it perform. For example if the hamburger goes from 4ms/frame to 12ms/frame then lottie is crazy expensive, even though it's still "60fps" in the test app. What is the actual end-to-end cost? Have you measured it at all? > Did I mention they removed "don't be evil" as their motto a while back because it was "immature"? https://abc.xyz/investor/other/google-code-of-conduct.html "Don't be evil" is the first and last thing stated. Why do you post stuff that's trivially searchable and trivially called out as bullshit? Why would I bother reading any of your rant if you can't get trivial details right? Kaby Lake and Skylake are indistinguishable in terms of IPC. Kaby Lake only brought GPU & video decoding improvements to the table, that's it. CPU performance is otherwise identical to Skylake. > just be aware that Ryzen is probably operating much closer to it's limit than the Intel counterparts, so overclocking could be limited. Overclocking is also limited on the Intel counterparts, so that's not really a big deal. Most kaby lakes won't do 5ghz, and good ones hit the wall at 5ghz. That's not much of an increase over the stock 4.2/4.5ghz for the 7700K Also AMD is claiming a lower TDP than Intel, so that would suggest Ryzen has more OC headroom than Intel has. Although of course this is all wait-and-see. iOS's smoothness doesn't come from being AOT. If it did you'd have seen a huge difference in responsiveness in Android between interpreted, JIT & AOT, but you don't. Raw code perf does improve from interpreted -> JIT -> AOT, but the rendering is part of the platform not the app and that's been C++ since the beginning. dalvik's GC was a big problem for smooth UIs, though. It's done on-device to handle the problem of linking. All calls from the app into framework have to be linked when you do AOT, and Google can't do that without having device images of every android device and compiling on-demand for whatever device is requesting the install. And then you'd still have to fall back to on-device compilation if Play Store doesn't know what the device is anyway (aka, all custom ROMs), or when you take an OTA (otherwise you'd need to re-download all installed apps for the new OTA image). Plus, the dex bytecode is considerably smaller than the AOT result, so wire transmission costs are cheaper doing on-device compilation - call it a form of compression. Microsoft ships .NET bytecode (so basically the same thing Android does) and Apple doesn't care about the low end. You're unnecessarily aggressive about blaming the caller. Whose to say that the caller didn't do their due diligence, but instead that the callee changed itself later on? It's not uncommon to replace a function with a wrapper macro later on in an attempt to debug something or trace execution or whatever. It's not really realistic to expect that when such a replacement is done that they go analyze every possible call site to see if sizeof() results in side-effect evaluation or not. This is just another case of C being a language built out of undefined behavior. > Macros (in any language, not just C) are the big problem Not true, see: https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/macros.html#hygiene (not unique to Rust, though, Scheme even has some of this like Hygienic macros) Macros don't have to be C-style simple text substitution. C++ has way way better ways to handle this. What you do instead is a std::vector with an allocator that has a fixed-size chunk of memory to cover your common, small case and falls back to malloc if the size becomes too large to fit into the internal allocation. Then your VLA is stack allocated when small and heap allocated when large and works everywhere, even as a return value or other cases where alloca would fail. Example: https://howardhinnant.github.io/stack_alloc.html Disabling it is every bit as effective as removing it, though. It can't be removed because it's on a read-only partition that pulls double duty as the factory reset partition. But once disabled it's as good as removed. It doesn't run. It doesn't get loaded. It basically doesn't exist outside of the button that restores it. I don't think that's a fair summary of the layout of the article. Once the article reaches the "How to Prevent This Issue" section there's far more space given to using premultiplied alpha than manually bled images, and it's not blaming anyone. It just tells an artist how they could fix it and tells programmers how they could fix it. Nobody is blamed and the "correct" solution isn't buried at all. If you need to scale that up for some reason or are working with 10-bit displays then just use RGBA16F textures. No reason to stick to 32-bit here. GPUs are perfectly happy to work with half-float textures. Although if you want to keep 32-bit textures you also shouldn't be doing linear premultiplication like the article suggests, you should be using sRGB instead. What are you going to sue them for? What damages did you suffer? It's worth keeping in mind which vendors are being talked about here. Treble fixes the problem of "manufacturer who didn't do any customization can't update because Qualcomm never updated their drivers & friends" by ensuring that the level that the Qualcomms, Nvidias, etc... build against is forwards-compatible. So small manufacturer can just take a new android source drop from google and plop it on top of the binaries they originally got from qualcomm or whoever and tada! done. It doesn't help with the "OEM injected so much 'customization' that it's a disaster to move forward and will forever be abandonware" > speaking of Android: How about switching to the JVM/OpenJDK to keep pace with modern Java? They did that already. https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2016/01/android-n-switch... Well, they switched the library to OpenJDK. The runtime is still ART, but that's probably for the best as the runtime balance decisions made by hotspot are definitely not suitable for phones, and ART is pretty good these days anyway. And you can use Java 8 stuff: https://developer.android.com/studio/preview/features/java8-... some of which is even fully backwards compatible (like lambdas) > Also, how about using cgroups instead of the custom security model? Maybe we could get reuse out of Google's security patches for Linux, and they could benefit more from the community. Android has always used cgroups. cgroups are not a security mechanism, though, it's for resource allocation. Regardless Android makes use of cgroups, cpusets, selinux, etc... That's all unrelated to the permission model, though, which more or less doesn't exist on desktop platforms. So the solution is for Android to be closed source? I'm not sure I agree with that. > but achieving feature parity is certainly not something they care about. [citation needed] what is missing? Swing & JavaFX are not part of the JCL. Those are addon libraries. NIO: https://developer.android.com/reference/java/nio/package-sum... "added in API 1" As in, it's been there since forever. What are you referring to specifically? NIO2: https://developer.android.com/reference/java/nio/file/packag... Invoke dynamic: is a runtime/bytecode thing, not part of the library. The actual feature, lambdas, works just fine on Andorid Method handles: https://developer.android.com/reference/java/lang/invoke/Met... Or it's just engineers that swarm around since that's the demographic here but this needs a response from PR, not from engineering. What do you want google/firebase engineers to say? The engineering response is pretty clear-cut. Polling every minute from an uncached SSL connection is expensive, don't do that. That's pretty obvious and the author admits this was a mistake. The complaint is about everything that's not the engineering part - support & communication. Go would require building a whole new set of APIs and massive work since Go does not interop with Java. Kotlin, however, interops with Java nicely since it compiles to jvm bytecode. So there's no new APIs to build and no transition performance costs. Although that said you can actually use Go on Android ( https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Mobile ) but since Go is native code you're stuck with Android's NDK or dealing with JNI and the performance costs of that. It's weird you'd accuse Kotlin of throwing stuff at the wall while simultaneously speaking kind of Scala. Scala has so many competing ideas & approaches just all mashed up into a blob. > If you're on Android it's Dart and now Kotlin. I think you meant Java and now Kotlin? Google never recommended Dart for Android development. They have Flutter which uses Dart, but that positions itself as a cross-platform way to build apps and doesn't have any support from Android tooling or things like that. It also still positions itself as an alpha, so do with what what you will. But Kotlin also works just fine on JVM. So Kotlin works on MacOS, Windows, Linux, and now Android. That sounds pretty cross platform to me. Kotlin is also not a language from Google, so I don't know why you're annoyed with Google on this one. Kotlin is from JetBrains. 2500 kcals/day would be around 121 watts, yeah. But computers have much lower idle consumption than humans. So if we assume alphago idles at ~45w that would consume around 1000 kcal for 21 hours leaving 1500 kcal for the 3 hours it was given to think which would be more like 580 watts. That sounds pretty doable. The question isn't why does the function decleration need to have &mut, it's why does the call site need to have &mut? as in assume you had: fn reset(p: &mut Point) { p.x = 0; p.y = 0; } Why can't this be called like so: reset(&some_point); rather than needing to say reset(&mut some_point); To some extent it's nice that the callsite must document the behavior visually, but its more forcing a style guide rather than anything that's required to compile & work. Is it really huge, though? They still don't support Vulkan or even OpenGL 4.2 (2011) What are you even going to use that eGPU with other than installing Windows through bootcamp so you can actually make use of the hardware? Except OpenCL was more like Metal - designed by Apple, pushed by Apple, used by nobody. The major game engines already support Vulkan, too, and Vulkan is getting far more game developer support than Metal is. A few of the major engines, like Source 2 & ID Tech 6, also chose to only support Vulkan and not DX12. Largely because DX12 requires Win10 which means out the gate you've eliminated half of your Windows gaming population compared to Vulkan. Currently all signs point towards Vulkan edging out DX12 in the Windows gaming market. That could change, of course, but Microsoft making DX12 win10-only as well as the closed access preview thing have so far put it at a pretty large disadvantage vs. Vulkan in these early days. Which matters as otherwise the APIs are pretty much the same, so why go with the Win10-exclusive when you can have the exact same thing but everywhere? Then for your content creation apps where unity/unreal middleware isn't really an option, that's going to be extra painful. Or they just ignore the problem and run OpenGL 4.1 on OSX and OpenGL 4.5+/Vulkan on Windows, and say "suck to all you pro consumers on mac, you should have bought a windows workstation instead"? I'd imaging this is more a response to Trump pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement than anything related to WWDC. > Also Apple isn't to blame Khronos could not make something as usable as CUDA. Apple is the one that developed OpenCL. Apple submitted OpenCL to Khronos. So if Apple isn't to blame then who is? > Vulkan and OpenGL don't work in UWP, which is the future of Windows application model It's only the future if applications adopt it. Which since it's win10 only there's no real chance of that happening anytime soon. Keep in mind Steam is the dominate marketplace for gaming on Windows, not the Microsoft app store (followed by a few other stores - Origin, Battle.net, etc...). So what Microsoft wants to happen is pretty irrelevant to what will actually happen since nobody really cares about Microsoft's store. > Vulkan and OpenGL don't work [...] on XBox. Neither does DX12. Console devs aren't writing for UWP nor for Direct3D. UWP on xbox sounds like that old XNA thing - something for maybe indie devs but since indie devs now have a choice of engines to pick from they probably will care even less now than they did back when XNA was a thing.