This was why I stopped using LinkedIn an Groupon though. The others are slightly deceptive, but not to the point of blatantly invading privacy like that. I'm facing this. I think it's a kind of trauma. I've dealt with death march projects too often, often becoming the 'hero' who has to bail out everyone's butts. At three points in my life, I've worked about 100 hours straight to rescue a project. I'm recovering. I tried coding something I like, but that didn't help. I tried vacations and sleeping it off. I tried binging on games. What works for me is a fan base. It's great to know your work has impact on people. It's nice to get "this is awesome!!" feedback, and better yet cash donations. I think the team itself has very little to do with it. There are awful teams, but in general, you can still get the same feeling from a superb team and great people. Productive engineers = happy engineers. Maybe try a simple project that you can feel the results. Especially if it can net you positive feedback. $25 last month, $0 this month. Founded in Malaysia, a year old. Three employees including me and my cofounder, and our operations executive who takes no equity. Funded $2500. Profitable but screw bootstrapping. It's usually about ego. It's not always bad people who have big egos. Sometimes good people have a large ego too. Consider the person who was told at 5 years old by his parents that he'll never be as good as his classmates. In school, they were told the same - by teachers, bullies, other authority figures that they'll be worthless unless they do something a certain way. Sometimes good people get pressured into this by friends, spouses, in-laws. Such a kind of person would be eager to prove others wrong. This is the kind of person who chases 'success'. They'll want to prove they are successful as a form of revenge or a way of impressing the in-laws. Buying expensive cars is the most obvious way. Or suits. Clothes. Houses. Sometimes there's insecurity and self-doubt. Everyone wants to improve, but the line for improvement is really vague. So they make it relative - compare progress to someone else rather than anchoring it to something solid, like savings. To many of these people, narrowing the minimum wage bar would be frustrating as it proves that they are hovering on the minimum line. Almost all my death marches happened when the project is being authoritatively led by a non-engineer. An engineer's estimate is usually conservative. If someone says it'll take 2 months, it'll probably take minimum two months. If you have good engineers, they're not trying to slack off by padding estimates. Respecting project estimates go a long way. The right team also matters. In some, we had interns working on a key component. I'm not saying interns are bad, but generally you don't want grumpy, underpaid people to work overtime. The designer has to respect the engineers. If you do a design that sticks to guidelines or something like Material Design, you'll be fine. But some designers try something really weird, in order to win an award, and some of those tiny details are pointless but would take 50% of the production time. I actually did ragequit in most of those jobs. I know it sounds tantrum-y, but I'd say it rescued a lot of those projects. When you quit a well-paid job, the company immediately assumes that you have a very good reason to quit and starts listening. Then they allocate some resources, like a tester, dedicated designer, and the API guy sits with front end for those 100 hours straight. Probably a lot more lol. For a founder of a non-profitable seed-stage startup, it's around $700/month. If you take a government grant, it's closer to $350/month + your tech skill market rate. Around these parts, it's quite rare for a founder to be full time on investor-funded salaries. Founders are expected to have a full time job, and pay a technical guy on the side. By comparison, a good engineer (3y, non-elite degree) would make about $1500/month. Yeah, but I do software development on the side. Inflation really hit hard over the last 10 years (like living costs practically doubled), so savings don't go very far. I'm in Malaysia. Yeah, the local market sucks here too. On the flip side, a metric like this has made some people a little too GitHub happy. They would put up private code because they liked the little activity indicators, and commit every 15 minutes of work. But now that I think of it, maybe they were fishing for another job. First, let's define value vs price. Price is how much the "valuation" is, exit price, maybe even cash flow. Value is how much wealth it creates. PG wrote a lot on this: http://paulgraham.com/wealth.html Basically build something really valuable, then figure out how to make money from it. Different things have different value. For example, Google is something extremely valuable, but they charge a tiny amount compared to the value they provide. Twitter and Facebook create a lot of wealth too. Even though they seem like toys, they're powerful and influential media sources. What about Wikipedia? Peter Thiel brought up this idea of X% of Y wealth. Something can create 5 billion dollars of wealth, but doesn't monetize well. Examples are Wikipedia and a lot of scientific research jobs. Something very valuable can be bought for cheap. Something can be overpriced and become a "unicorn" without creating that much wealth too. How much money people have also defines its price. If two $50B companies want to buy out a company, it can be sold very expensive. But if the only acquirers are $10M companies, it's going to sell at a few millions max, even if it's the same thing. Acquiring is often used as a way to hire. If something like Facebook dumps $1B on building a messenger, they may not succeed. And then something like WhatsApp comes up and threatens their billion dollar baby. So it makes sense to acquire early to cut out the threat, even at a premium. There's also localization to deal with. Let's say you want an e-commerce company in Indonesia, a huge and lucrative market. Logistics is very crude, laws are complicated, and there's a lot of corruption and bribery to be paid where an American wouldn't even know where to expect. Starting one is extremely risky and difficult. Nobody wants to hire 300 people in a month. This is where it makes sense to acquire at a premium. The reverse goes for talent. Generally companies in Indonesia could not find the same level of talent, because the brilliant people have moved to Sydney, Silicon Valley, and so on. If tech was a key component in their dominance, it's easier to just buy an Australian company than deal with recruiting locals or starting a company in a tech hub. Ego of the acquirer also plays a big factor. Some people just have a lot of money and are in a saturated market where they can't reinvest it in themselves. Usually telcos. They want to dump it into something that makes money, like logistics or e-commerce or SaaS. They usually overestimate their ability and underestimate the difficulty of the task, so they won't pay very much to acquire. Finally, the price of a company goes way up if it can monopolize an industry. This is why Facebook and Twitter is worth do damn much. Nobody will go to another microblogging site if they don't have to. Interestingly, the Chinese have their own versions, which are just as rich. In general, 1. Do important things 2. Do difficult things 3. Do things rich people can't do 4. Network effects That makes sense, but in my case, I actually have a lot of full app releases which are more complex, with higher ratings than most jobs I'm applying for. Skill level and interest is no question. What I wonder is that sometimes it seems to be a moral stance. You can see all these companies proud of what they contribute to OSS, using that fact to attract engineers. So it's not just about skill and passion. I used to interview with a lot of companies on Saturdays. It seems that some people squeeze it into their schedule when they like a candidate. I'd be quite biased against you, honestly. Most engineers have huge monitors to take in a large amount of code in their head at once. How do you catch up? Text to speech seems like a slow way to input information, especially if people were nesting brackets and such. On the other hand, that challenge would make it extra tough for you start in the first place and there'd be some positive bias as well. So I'd wonder if we got a superhero here. I guess there's no point in interviewing. What would I look for? Passion? Most blind people would give up and find another job, so there's more than enough passion. Problem solving? Why not solve a real problem? What I'd do is stop interviewing and give you some really tough code. It would be the actual job, take about three days on average, and even pay three days salary upon completion. Maybe something shorter might take 1 day, but it's not big enough to cover the question of whether you can modify other people's code. Whoa. This is amazing . I love how you guys estimated company growth. This is my default job search tool now! I didn't even know a lot of these companies were hiring, because they don't post it anywhere. If I had one suggestion, it would be figuring out which companies are desperately hiring (paying for lots of job ads on various sites) vs the ones that are passively hiring. Maybe even check how long the jobs have been open. Hmm that's odd. It's on my personal blog and set to public. Anyone else have this issue too? I second this. At tech companies, you'll be treated with a degree of respect. With many non-tech companies, you can be referred to as "the guys who spend the money that the sales team makes". They'll also make you clone products from companies like Slack and question you why the performance isn't as good, when they've already allocated a budget of $10,000. I think lots of companies only interview up to Level 2. I won't mention a certain big one, but they just test to make sure your brain grasps the concept of pointers. They do pay upscale salary and are in one of the major startup hubs. I'd say Level 2 is the optimum to be comfortable in for a degree level if you do a lot of tough stuff. Level 3 if you're in something more niche like optimizations. A huge, listed company like Google or Microsoft might do Level 4, only because they have the money to solve problems that give a 0.01% improvement and want to maintain that competitive edge. There's a reason for this - the best programmers have an abundance of job offers. So it's good not to annoy the candidate too much or to stretch out the interview process very long. As someone who has done hiring, when someone says that it's a tough decision, it is. They probably would have hired you if the circumstances were different, like if they had a lot more money or if the other candidates were much worse. Most likely you nearly nailed it. Keep trying! Maybe you should reconsider how you apply. Your goal should be convincing your employer that you're either a great coder or have the potential to be a superstar coder. I have interviewed for a lot of jobs, and didn't require a technical interview for any of them. You don't have to win the interview! I first got over it with a very strong recommendation and a top degree. They gave me a technical test and I convinced them that they should just offer me 3 months probation at half salary, because that would be a better test. Later on by showcasing projects and convincing the employer that I was the expert. An interview would be like "Have you used Fragments?" and I'd just hit them back with every pro and con and horror stories of using Fragments. Then they give an offer without further tests. You should think of yourself as a hacker, trying to get past the door. Instead of bringing every kind of key with you, be creative and see if you can go through the windows. Do whatever it takes to avoid those whiteboard interviews! Convince them you're the right person before you get to that stage! However, do remember that in order to convince others that you're a great coder, you have to convince yourself. Code can be a very emotional thing, like writing. If you don't believe in yourself, you may end up worse at it. I had one electrical engineer who applied. She put pictures of her projects in her resume. I didn't know if they worked, but because there were a lot of projects with pictures, it immediately put her at the top. She didn't have to give me any schematics or even explain how they worked. 95% of resumes were "I am a results-driven professional with 4 years experience. Please hire me. I will work for cheap." That girl was a fresh graduate who showed more stuff in her college months than the "pros" did. She turned out to be the best engineer I ever had, even surpassing my own skill. Just my statistics: I don't have a valid working visa in the US and have been applying almost exclusively to American companies. My "interview" rate is 10%. 100% if it's with people I know, even if I'm completely unqualified. My "rejection" rate is around 50%, within 2 weeks. I assume the rest won't say anything if they reject. General job sites (the ones where you can also apply to be a carpenter, etc) are a waste of time. They probably get so many resumes they end up tossing half of them. Stack Overflow Careers gave me an awesome ~30% of interviews. As in I applied 6 jobs and 2 interviewed. Both of them were jobs I didn't fully qualify for. Generally, direct emails gave me a 100% (5/5) response rate. An email, like careers@company.com, not a form. Email lets me mention in subject line that I used to have a startup, so I stood out. Most of them rejected on lack of visa though. I do spend ~10 minutes per cover letter. I really dig deep, like an investor would. I convince myself that I'm doing the company a favor by joining before writing the letter. In the end, you just have to convince one company. If you have a lead, immediately latch to it... do research on the company, the interviewer, and write questions. There's a certain bar you have to cross to convince people to hire. It's better to optimize for a few companies than to try to reach out to as many as possible. If you feel unworthy, then optimize for the lower tier companies who have lower standards. Acting will always bring higher quality voice. But what's great is the file size. It's probably small enough to fit into a roguelike though. Or something like Dwarf Fortress. A portal where small companies could apply for bespoke enterprise technical projects, without the hassle of bribing officials or writing long tenders. Context: I'm applying for jobs and someone asks me what the coolest thing I've made was. I do apps, which are very technically simple compared to speech processing. So I dug up my old thesis and tried to simplify it into a blog post. Maybe it might help people learn something or attract people interested in this? Please do criticize ruthlessly, since this will likely end up on my CV. Yeah, I do a recipe app and would be willing to pay (very little) for something like this too. We could even go so far as edit the ingredient data storage to suit the API. Can you drop him an anonymous email? Or just pass a note to HR? "Failed" startup founder here. For me, it's just a matter of what's more cost efficient. Statistically it's easier to get a job than funding. Very little of funding ends up in founders' pockets anyway. Salaries and openings for developers have gone way up lately. Entrepreneurs need to chase the best opportunity and timing. Also inevitably, you come across competition. Ideally you become best friends with your competitors. Because statistically, fail rate is high. The best employee is very often someone who can build/sell something very effectively. The best employer is someone who views you as an equal, works on your vision, and admires your strengths. So competitors are often a perfect match. Sorry, I meant for something like government projects and huge companies like banks. Because a lot of them have nowhere to list. The process is not fair, and in developing countries, people exploit this. Usually one person has the power to recommend and significantly affect the decision. That one person tends to get a lot of free lunches and free phones. The lack of competition also leads to overinflated prices on the buyer's end and over promising on the seller's end. If the average applicant offered to Project A for $1,000,000 in 4 months, and suddenly company 13 offers to do it for $400,000 in 1 month, something sticks out. If there were only 1-4 applicants, as usually happens for this situation, the shady inexperienced one will not stick out so much. As a result, a lot of these companies take these jobs and get burned, which damages the industry as a whole. Unemployed now. But normally I just tell the senior guys what's wrong. As a month-old employee, I once emailed the COO at 2 AM telling them we could use the technology to rate sites and make millions. COO was not impressed but he liked employees speaking up and encouraged me to email him more. Just a final bit of advice: most people would not look to hire someone "down on their luck". An optimistic and enthusiastic attitude certainly helps. Her stance should not be "I'm a great programmer but have not been given the chance to prove myself". It should be "I'm a great programmer who wants to save your company millions of dollars." Or even something like "I am happiest when writing code, but I'd rather be paid to do it." No, the company never made millions. I did quit the company and did a startup based around one of those ideas. I didn't make millions either. However, some of the ideas we brought up, like news aggregation and recipe aggregation were done by startups valued at millions. I was born in a third world country and lived in a (concrete) hut. It's most likely worse here tbh. Jerks are spread evenly across population. It's infectious too. If ten people are jerks to you today, it's likely you won't be as nice. Generally, smart people are more likely to leave bad places. And because they're more qualified, they have the option to. And so the jerks are left behind and bully the remaining people into becoming jerks. I think it's no coincidence there's so many jerks in places like China and India. 1 year for me. Ended up quitting and starting a cafe. Got seduced back into tech. 2 years into my career, I had built more apps solo than most agencies in my country. Meaning that I've worked with a lot of companies, a lot of visionaries, and none were imprrssive. A lot of them don't appreciate good products. Most would happily MVP forever. The latest request was to build a Tinder clone, on a $5000 budget. Sigh. I'm still looking for a full time job that I can actually focus and enjoy with. It's like being that guy who sleeps with a different girlfriend every month, but it's such an unfulfilling way to live. Maybe I'm getting old, but would really like to settle down with a company that respects their product. Honestly, I feel that they're not losing any customers as compared to the small overhead they'd take if they implemented it. It's not really a selling point for most people. Even Facebook took quite a long time to universally implement HTTPS. The potential that lies within a job is correlated to how much value you can contribute to the company. When I look for a job, I screen it like an investor. I look at the team, the market size, the product. Team is especially important. 1. What are the bosses' background? Someone who worked at Facebook will have an entirely different approach than a management consultant. Sniff out culture and make sure it suits you. People's work and personal habits are very different - this is where you tell the two. 2. Look at the org chart. Organization charts are like software architecture. There is no "best" org chart; just what it's optimized for. If it insists on being a flat heirarchy, assume that it's an anarchy. You just want to make sure that they respect your role. For example, one company has sales, marketing (separate from sales), finance, operations. Operations is then split into logistics, IT. Product development is squished under IT. This is likely a bad company for engineers. Likewise, I've seen companies where at least 50% of the budget is engineering. 3. What is the value of your role? If you make $100k, how are you contributing $200k to your company annually? If you find that you can only contribute $30k or that the position is worthless in a year, that's a red flag. 4. Growth rate. If a company's profit is doubling every year, there will be much less bureaucracy and politics. 5. Sniff out bullshit. I ready the most uncomfortable questions I can find. Why aren't they hitting a good growth rate? Why are they hiring so many people on $1M of funding? If they give you an honest "Uhh.. well.. I don't know," that's fine. It's difficult to lie. You want to detect the ones who lie as a reflex. It's very important for them to learn and to get feedback from them. But very often the flaw is in how you do this. One on one feedback is good. But make sure this is about them, and is not some performance review. Make it a safe place for them to bring up problems with the company. Learning is good. But only learn things that help them. This can be one of the most hated things in an organization, when a manager sends them for training if there's work to be done. A lot of people like Google's 20% time, but I find it a distraction. Bottom line: help them be productive. Productive engineers = happy engineers What I do is not look for the "best", but keep scaling 10x. So start with targeting 1,000 users, then 10,000, then 100,000 and so on. Parse is awesome to start with at that 10,000 user mark. Parse seems to scale its costs poorly though. Past the smaller scale you have a lot of choices. Azure. AWS. Firebase. IBM's thing. All have their pros and cons. Ctrl+Shift+W on a browser. Singapore has been at that price for a while, with the technical skill and English ability to match Canadians. If you want a further discount, a really good Malaysian or Filipino programmer goes for $16k market rate. Similar culture to USA. Pay $30k and they'll happily code for you at night shifts forever. My car honestly. Or from the stairs of someone else's office building. Just feels gritty that way. By five years you should already have a system. I went from calling things "xStuff" to "xUtils". A level up is where you can write names in such a way it detects bugs: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Wrong.html I did something similar to this but made the desktop upside down. Then inverted the mouse so that if someone pulled the mouse, the cursor would go up (as if the screen is upside down). A general rule I stick to is that the person who gets a salary gets less than 2 digits equity early stage. Same applies for founders who work 40 hours a week and so on. How important is everyone to the success of the startup? If you have 5%, you should be increasing the valuation of the company by 6%. 26% share should increase valuation by 36%. 36% share increases it by 57%. However, this assumes it's unpaid. The ones getting salary need to increase valuation by far more. I don't know the credentials, but if the two larger portion guys play a big role in valuation, it should be fine. E.g. good degrees, previous experience with startups, investments, rare skills. The default best move is to join a young company. I never had the luxury of joining good companies so I started one. Given the choice, I'd join a good company any day. The odds of success (as in actually making more money than working full time) is about 20%. What I'd suggest is start working on side projects. Scripts that make something easier. A tool. Side projects like todo lists and note taking apps turn into billion dollar companies. Not quite true. I love what I do, but what I do is really hard work. It is such excruciatingly hard work thay it slowly rips out my sanity. I can imagine this is the same for academics. Plus a lot of the job are things that they hate doing - politics, fundraising, dealing with hopeless students, writing modules that never get used. Many of them spend all their time doing these things, and the "overtime" is necessary to get the real work done after all that. I really like this. I was about to ask what makes it better than bootstrap, skeleton, foundation etc. But it's really straightforward, so I can focus on raw code instead of thinking of nice formatting. Sometimes I just want a page to display data. This works perfect for that. Monopoly is such an underrated game. It's about negotiation and alliances. I think their biggest mistake is calling it Monopoly, implying it was one person killing off everyone else. It might be more interesting if it was called Balance of Power. It has to be played with around 4+ people. They need to trade favors along with their land. With enough players, the favors owed last long enough to make a difference. The randomness simply makes negotiation power the main focus of the game. E.g. if you land on a rival's hotel and go broke, a rich ally can pay you premium on your land. You'll realize early on that everyone is either going to be doomed or super-rich, so it's worth being diplomatic really early on. When someone starts to snowball into a monopoly, they have to start laying low, while the others have to encourage the others to pile pressure. The players have to notice this trend early, at the point where it makes sense to 'blacklist' certain players. It's a game with about as much depth as Settlers of Catan, without having to worry about too much complexity. I'd raise my eyebrows at that 3% stat. Spend a week in Japan and you'll see that it isn't a 50-50 ratio of women: men commuting to work. Are all those housewives classified as employed? Well, this sucks. My company is about to get acquired for our technology. A huge part of the tech relies on Parse. I mean they were charging for it! Who would think that they will shutting down? I guess we'll have to rebuild that part from scratch starting right now. Haha, this has a lot about what I hate about Android. I actually did quit programming and became a barista, because of the exact thing he said. Then I slowly got into programming again. I actually started when Fragments were being introduced. Now that was a nightmare. The backwards compatibility was a red herring. The real problem was that Fragments were a poor practice, unsuited for many apps and teams... but Google played them out as The Next Big Thing. Today it's happening with Material Design. I like LaTeX but it was very tedious for resumes. With resumes, you sometimes want to change the format entirely. LaTeX is great for a consistent format, not so much when experimenting. Markdown also has the benefit of giving you an up to date plaintext resume. I like that a lot, considering a lot of job sites like to automatically (and poorly) convert PDF into plaintext. The odds of getting in are not high. For most people who aren't ivy league grads, haven't worked at Google or Uber, or don't have 6 digits of revenue, it might not be worth the time. And if you still haven't figured your business plan, you might want to do it before applying. Pivoting within an accelerator is not a comfortable experience, and would be a waste of time for Demo Day. Also I'm not sure how well YC works for married entrepreneurs with kids. There doesn't seem to be a lot of married YC founders, but do correct me if I'm wrong. A lot of the advice they give is already out in the open. So unless you need the cash or connection, you might not want to. 10 programmers and no source control sounds like a recipe to make this even worse than it had been. Well, science is about doing experiments. It's really difficult to isolate causality with psychology, but possible to at least identify patterns. And then it takes more experiments to peel off those patterns. This is a really good case of science at work. It's an experiment that specifically targeted ego depletion and couldn't find it. I find it a bit worrying that so many people immediately agree to the conclusion proposed by these experiments. Ego depletion is one thing, but there are other well-known effects like Pavlov's Dog. JSON. The way it displays and organizes complex data, better than other standards like CSV or XML. Or the things that use tables. When I first started programming, I had two favorite ways of storing data - INI and arrays. INI for its elegant key/value style. Arrays were just natural because of the way computers think. I spent months trying to mold these two things together; how would you actually store key-value things within an array? Do you make an array of pointers that lead to key-value objects? (I used C) JSON is just this beautiful thing that lets you store data however you want. It's beautiful because it doesn't get in the way. Not only that, but it's a data structure you can understand just by looking at it; you'd have to squint to understand raw XML or a SQL table. I think there's a saying in this community - work on a startup that a few people really want, rather than something a lot of people kinda want a little. That would also apply to having a "life". Live your life in a way that a few people will greatly love you and miss you. Rather than spend time with a lot of people who kinda enjoy your company a little. There's certainly enough time in an early stage startup to treat your closest people well. I have a great lunch with my wife all the time. I bathe my daughter, play bubbles, and dance with her. I mentor young entrepreneurs. Do things that people will remember you for after you're dead. Or at least the things they'll remember 5 years from now. It varies a lot per person. The effects are 6 hours for me, less than 1 hour for my father (who smokes), and can last over 18 hours for my wife and mother-in-law. I haven't seen the studies on caffiene half-life, but I suspect the variation is very high. I personally take it early morning and after a siesta. I would define it as something that evokes emotion and admiration. It can be something that makes you calm, angry, disgusted. The more so, the better. Javascript and Windows are great examples of this. Almost always you'd sit there and wonder why anyone would go to the lengths to build this. Lengths can mean that they went to the effort of simplifying a complicated thing or even making a complicated thing absurdly complicated. E.g. I see beauty in the Sydney Opera House, not only because of its form, but because they managed to build a grand opera house in one of the least culturally sophisticated cities in the world. There's just something completely out of place about the Sydney Opera House and that's what makes it so beautiful. Most people think the characteristic roof symbolizes sails, but it's actually an orange peel. It's like a clever prank. When you go back to the Hackers and Painters essay - PG tries to associate the two together. Beautiful hacks are like shortcuts that work. Almost always a great hack does something dumb, but is very effective. Volunteer's dilemma. If everyone tells (honestly), it benefits the group as a whole. If only one tells, it would be to that individual's disadvantage, since she'll be seen as violating company secrecy policy. Some companies do set wages as confidential info. Can you just not do work or do it really half assed? You can consider it like a sabbatical. Spend your months "training" yourself. Rewrite the code in a new language. Refactor the existing code and optimize it. You're still doing work. It sounds like you have an open playground and even get paid on the side. This is nice! I almost want to steal the idea and make an app out of it :p Some things are deeply emotional and will attract downvotes no matter how intelligent the group is. E.g. religion, politics, gender issues. I'm not sure what it's it like for some countries, but having done a cafe of my own, I found gross profit margins on restaurants to be huge. As far as making money goes, restaurants are a near foolproof way to convert time and money into more money. Of course running a restaurant can be extremely tiring and frustrating. The money is good because not many people have the patience to work 60 hours a week for 10 years straight to make a million dollars. It's just better to do a startup or get a full time job making games or something. Often Murphy's Law is just poor planning. 1. Two is one and one is none. Redundancy helps for critical situations. 2. 95% of the code is usually done by launch, but that remaining 5% is often the hardest part that people procrastinated on. Usually certain kinds of bugs. 3. People tend to cram in more features on the last minute, adding more bugs. If anything projects should be planned out with lots of "do nothing" padding right before launch. Monitors are designed to be viewed at close range, from multiple near angles. TVs are designed to be viewed several meters away, at roughly the same angle. TVs play content of the same frame rate, so there's no reason for them to be any more precise. Monitors can go at very high frame rate as the content can be very fast paced, especially gaming monitors. Freesync/gsync also integrates with the graphics card to reduce lag. This is the most expensive part of these monitors. Oh I skimmed it to the stats. It was showing a competitor monitor's stats. Still the same principle. I mean I'm reaching the jaded, cynical senior programmer attitude where I just can't muster up the emotions. There will be a few, but not quite the extreme, startup mindset. So I'm looking for a way to migrate to a style where I can do without them. I know a couple who married after founding a startup together. A VC said that they frown on it, because it meant that breakups would be very messy. But that's really the only negative. The upside is that you two would be the only ones who really understand the other's career. The current startup I work is is also run by a married couple, and the founders encouraged me to bring my wife into the company as well. To be quite honest, I think it's difficult to avoid getting attracted to your co-founder. You'll be going a lot of places together. I've shared the same hotel & bedroom with my co-founder for months. And you tend to share all secrets together, very much like a married couple, if not more so. Actually, I might just end up building my own system. I'm surprised that solution never occurred to me, as I've been trying hard to squeeze existing methodologies into my life and it doesn't work. I've had a lot of admiration for military techniques and how they train people to get past fear and drop bad habits. I'll probably adopt a mix of XP and some military techniques. Just pitch the idea to them. How long will everyone be vested? 4 years is the norm, but I had a recent deal for 2 years. IMO the shares should be split roughly equally among founders. Ideally everyone should admire the other and think the other person deserves more shares As a ground rule, someone who is initially taking salary from the startup or refusing to work more than 40 hrs/week should only have one digit equity. The corollary applies: if someone is taking less than 10%, don't expect them to work overtime. Another thing to be really clear about is the level of commitment expected. You'd probably have to work 60 hours/week to make a startup work, especially in the start. Startups are not exactly a way to get richer faster, but to get more work done in a week. All the founders should be expected to go in full time or overtime with no other jobs, no part time jobs, and definitely while not a student somewhere. At the very least you can make it work with 40 hours/week. Maybe even part time. But both of you should have the same expectations. Because if one person works 50 hours, the other works 40 hours, it can lead to a lot of arguments. I also had an issue with my first cofounder in that he expected to keep his high paying corporate job and do minimal work, except for negotiations, handling nothing on the ground. Investment amount needs to be worked out - will both of you put in money? Is one person going to put in money and the other puts in more time? If one person is more qualified than the other, she should expect to put in less money and time than the other partner, for the same equity. You also need to align on values - I had this issue where I wanted to pay my employees as high as possible, and my partner wanted to skimp on paying them, even getting interns to work for free whenever possible. Some people want to donate the company's money to religious causes. Some might disagree strongly on environmental issues. I had a potential partner once argue that it's fine to use toxic materials because customers will get cancer for something else anyway. A usual mistake is to overlook all these problems because she was your friend, and nothing went wrong. But these problems come up even more in a startup. I would say that it would be dangerous to not want to get married to a cofounder. The company will bind the couple together, at least until acquisition. A romantic/sexual fling can end very, very poorly, and such problems can carry over into the startup. Would someone be happy if he felt she used her and then dumped him for the next guy? If a cofounder marries some other guy later, would her husband be happy that she still sees her ex every day at the office? At least with office romances, someone can change jobs if it gets too awkward. Mostly unrealistic expectations. There are very few software investors in Malaysia. Most come from something like civil engineering or telco, with very different expectations. They see it as just another place to put money, vs property or the stock market. Corruption here is high too. So there is very little trust, as people almost expect a VC's friend to scam money from a fund and "fail". Nobody will give you a $100k check and let you do whatever. Either it's pay and claim or they demand a meeting every week to ask how you've spent the money. The region also has very little respect for a good product. They care more about your marketing (or growth hacking) plans rather than product-market fit. It's all negotiable. But come to written terms on it instead of assuming. By default, if it's an even share, everyone should put in an equal amount of money and time. But if you have a $100k job and your friend has a $150k job, then if both you quit your jobs, your friend will have invested more. But it's all relative and can be agreed on. Read "48 Laws of Power" by Robert Greene. I find it to be a far better book than The Prince, well explained with examples from history. It is a skill though. A lot of people have contempt for politics, but I believe you have to embrace it and work with it to get ahead. Much like dealing with black hat hackers, sometimes you just have to know the techniques to defend yourself wherever needed. There are ways to raise an issue. An easy method is to question the reasoning with an open mind. Point out flaws in the plan without it being an attack. It's more likely to be viewed as an attack if raised in front of people. We sold off the company. It's just not possible to build a company that doesn't bootstrap. But where there's a problem, there's also an opportunity. It's not necessarily a bad thing. It means that competitors are either poorly funded or on a political leash by VCs. It's possible to do "low hanging fruit" companies, knowing that someone can't just come in and compete. They'd have to work about half a year just to secure angel funding. And the lack of good early stage VCs means that we could become early stage VCs in a few years. I've done all of these. Coffee - it consistently works, more so if combined with L-Theanine. Meditation - doesn't help. I've tried headspace, TM, many of the apps. Part of the problem is that it does chill me out, which makes me unproductive. The main benefit is after meetings, where I usually get pissed with coworkers. Exercise/walks - it feels good, makes me think better, but the data shows no change in productivity. I've been doing med-high intensity exercise for nearly a year. The list - really the only one that works. The only real problem is when something in the schedule forces me off. I've been modifying it heavily this last week. It's full of if-else statements now, lol. I might just end up putting it in an app to command me what to do, based on the daily situation. Speaking of writing, Tim Ferriss's Tools of Titans interviews writers heavily. A very consistent pattern is that they do work late at night or morning and often with some kind of music repetitively running or meditation. A lot of them also procrastinate heavily, some even making it a routine to procrastinate half the day, feel guilty, then use the guilt to channel energy into their work. Learning this made me question my disciplined attempts and wonder whether it's really possible to be productive without binging. It doesn't help that YC programmers are notorious for working really hard for really long hours. I just got out of my burnout phase. It's similar - I've done a lot of startups. It took me well over a year to get out of it. I spent practically a year playing games (thanks acquisition money!) My only job was teaching for a while. I honestly don't know what worked. The games, travel, spas, and idle time didn't help much. If anything, they made me feel worse about spending lots of money and time. They pressured me to do more. Freelancing was such a terrible idea. I ended up losing money and getting even more burnt out. After that, I refused to do any coding at all for a while. The teaching assignments helped quite a bit. It was well paid and I got to achieve my bucket list of visiting every state in the country. Teaching is also really easy with enough years under your belt and it's relaxing to have a lot to say. It's even more relaxing if they pay well. I did a lot of exercise. Felt better than ever, but didn't cure it. Same with meditation. I think what finally got me out of it was working 7 days a week on low difficulty tasks. It sounds really dumb to treat burnout with more work, but it worked for me. Maybe startup people have their comfort zone working 60 hours a week? You might not even want to do hard work coding. Try working in F&B or some other grunt job. Somehow it was like a meditative process. Just do something that feels like it's not a total waste of time. Another approach is to hire freelancers and convert them into juniors if you like them enough. Juniors are an investment. Freelancers may secretly be seniors at junior salary. Also when hiring programmers, you should be doing so from programmer communities (GitHub, SO) rather than job sites. Even FB groups will give you better odds. 400+ applicants sounds like you're hiring from the wrong places. In Asia, children are a retirement scheme. Sure, there are pensions and build a board. But in case of illnesses or strokes and so on, children are expected to take care of you, because nurses certainly won't. Children are also a measure of wealth - someone with a mansion and no kids is still considered poor. If you build a business empire, your children are the ones who manage it and continue running it. If you make mistakes while building a business, you have someone to explain it to who can learn from them and do much better. Plus there is the very biological requirement of passing on your genes. I don't believe anyone can truly be dead as long as their genes go on. Perhaps the most productive and ambitious person in this world is Elon Musk, and he has 6 kids. No, but I don't feel unwelcome either. It doesn't feel much like a community, perhaps by design? It feels more like a place where people can anonymously voice out. Google for example could probably work with one person, but what would happen is that Sergey and Larry would have ended up inventing their own search engine companies and competed strongly with one another. It wouldn't end up even half the size if it wasn't two equally intelligent cofounders working together. That's a huge advantage of the co-founder system: you absorb your competitor instead of fighting them. It's sounds like plain racism. It will probably hurt your odds of getting a job, but I wouldn't worry too much about personal info. What I've noticed is that India is a really big place and the spectrum consists of some of the smartest people you'll ever meet and some of the absolute dumbest people. Unfortunately, most people only really have access to the dumb ones. So they extrapolate that into a stereotype of all Indians. I guess there's not much to do but keep going. I'm not sure whether you can report the incident to anyone, but it sounds awfully difficult without evidence. It sounds like information overload if you really visit all these sites every day? Speaking of which.. https://emergency.nofap.com Oh wow, indiehackers is amazing ️ I'm very much in love with Parse Server. Besides that, I sort of want to go as minimalist as possible on the front end. I went clean for a while, relying on just jquery and CSS and it felt great, after all this time spent on Bootstrap. It just offers me so much control and customization to be free of frameworks sometimes. I have paid people to do it for me. Things like a camera, marker for Google Maps, YouTube integration into an app. Sometimes I just want someone to Google and test solutions for me, especially where it's poorly documented. But this was great when I had less experience. As someone more senior, I can code faster than I can outsource, and reading code is harder than writing. The tech and docs have improved a lot since then. And I've had a lot of bad experiences recently which made me stop. I would also strongly oppose "first to produce an answer". Good answers take time and rewarding speed will encourage sloppy, buggy answers, some of which ignore the requirements. It also discourages detail oriented people from starting in the first place. Well more in regards to racism. General racism hurts the people of the race that is discriminated against. A country with a billion people would have roughly 10x more outliers than a country with 100M people. Reminds me of WhatsApp. I got a similar dodgy looking email from Dell. It was from some different e-mail address (dellteam.com instead of dell.com). It was a failed transaction. The email was completely dodgy, had several typos. There was a lack of instructions on what to do, just a "please contact us". I tried to contact customer service instead of the representative, but it was impossible because I needed an order code, which they never gave me. Emails to the individuals were never replied to and he insisted on only calling and handling a bank transfer over the phone. The whole situation was very similar to a man in the middle attack. It turned out to be legit, but the whole situation makes me never want to order anything from them again. I tried that. You'll get it in sales rather than profit, and it was slower than just getting a job. You need money in the first place because it's a %. I've done it all, from freelancing to startups to starting a cafe. What consistently worked for me is teaching, in hours worked, risk/repeatability, and overall time (3 months). The cafe brought me that kind of sales in about 10 weeks, but after factoring all the other costs, the income was lower than an average salary. Startups are very slow to set up. Something with 5%-10% margin would be faster to set up - get a product, hack together an online shop, drop some money on Google ads. But when you look at profitability it could take way more than a year for that kind of money. Cafes are faster. A startup with 90% profit margin would bring in the income much faster, but it may take a very long time to build such a thing, easily 3+ months. Freelancing is good. A fixed price project would pay that well in about 1 month if you're good and reputable. I've been offered about 4 projects crossing the $10k mark, but all of them failed for some reason (mostly miscommunication). A beginner freelancer might make about $25-$50 an hour. But with similar experience, you might get about $50-$75 an hour teaching bootcamps or individuals. The reasoning being that most people who hire freelancers instead of in house programmers are broke startups or don't have tech as their core. The price for freelance coding is also pegged against people all over the world. So some lady in India or Indonesia would be equally happy making 5x less. With teaching, your competitors are geographically limited. Also, programming is very tiring work and teaching not so much. So you can put in many more hours and it's more suitable for someone working full time. It's not that much harder for Android. In fact, with Anko, there's even more reason to pick it up for Android. The pain point in using Java is huge for Android because a lot of Android functionality adds more boilerplate. Another way to make fast cash is hackathons, but you'd need really good presentation skills. Phone interviews are best for filtering for culture and personality fit. I certainly wouldn't ask a coding question on the phone, because there's a lot of muscle memory involved in coding. I would only do phone interviews on someone completely faceless, perhaps from a job site. About 80% of people have just fine personalities. It's usually easier to tell a person's personality by stalking them on social media. You probably just want to avoid the overwhelmingly negative or egoistic people. Sounds like it would be worth a lot less when the fidget spinner fad dies out. lol, I would have been happy to pay twice as much for that, as you had organic growth and paying customers. The ROI is pretty good even if you do nothing. But you did very well, congrats. I do like this thread. It's sort of a nice shopping spree and it's surprising there isn't already a startup that does this. I chunk all work down to 2 hours max. Keep chopping it up until I can get it small enough. Then I completely focus for the period of time needed, no other distractions, 15 to 120 minutes. It's similar to the Pomodoro method, except with a max of 2 hours. If I feel the urge to do something else, I jot it down to be done in the break. I then force myself to take a mandatory break after the estimated time is over. If I expect a distraction during the needed time, like a meeting or lunch, I do something else that fits the time slot. If I'm uncertain how long a task takes, I put aside 1-2 hours to hack a disposable prototype or do research. It's sad if growing vegetables was a positive impact because people stopped growing their own food a long time ago under the assumption that doing everything else was more productive. I wish I had more impact. There are a lot of big problems I'd love to solve but nobody is requesting my help to tackle them. I mean there is no stepping stone. I feel like I'm the only one who wants to make a difference, in a world where everyone is focused on selling fashion and cosmetics for quick money. There are big problems - e.g. energy, AI (AGI), destructive culture, corruption, education in developing countries. The big problems are terrifying to fix. They're not something that can be changed solo. It needs critical momentum. Unfortunately, outside of a few big cities, there is little momentum going towards the important things. This is not necessarily the best approach in this case, because taking the helm means doing a lot of management work and almost no coding. Think of it like sports. Programming is fun. But professional programming? It's very often competitive. You have to remain at peak (mental) fitness. You'll spend a lot of nights and family gatherings just looking at tech stuff to keep up to date. You become adored, respected, have a lot of money and power. But with that comes unrealistic expectations. People expect you to win and keep winning. You end up exhausted by the middle of the day and people will still expect you to keep going. You start taking performance enhancers to deal with the pressure. First, it starts with Jolt and Red Bull. Then you experiment with nootropics, going for any edge. Then you start hacking your own habits and routines. You end up on death marches. Heck if you're a startup, all of them will feel like a death march. You can quit and have your team lose, or march together with them with almost no chance of success. If this appeals to you, then you might just enjoy a career as a developer. It's not about the highs, but enjoying the lows as well. There are less stressful versions of the job, but then it pays a lot less than management consulting. A recruiter once turned me down for not having work rights in the US, then called me after I pointed a link to my blog. It helps. From Wikipedia: "In the early days of FedEx, Smith had to go to great lengths to keep the company afloat. In one instance, after a crucial business loan was denied, he took the company's last $5,000 to Las Vegas and won $27,000 gambling on blackjack to cover the company's $24,000 fuel bill. It kept FedEx alive for one more week." A story generator, based around tvtropes. Two ways worked for me: 1. Get away from everything for a month. Visit another country. Go somewhere completely foreign and immerse yourself. It jolts your brain away from whatever habit you have now. It can be a bit expensive so a lighter detox can work - cut yourself off from all websites and apps for at least a week. 2. Overwork yourself. It doesn't have to be hard work. Maybe work fast food at night, work in a warehouse by day. As long as it keeps you too busy to do the things you need to do. IMO a lot of blocking tools don't help. If you block FB or Reddit, you just replace it with some news site or game. A lot of legacy code just works. Building something new or updating means introducing new bugs, even if aggressive testing catches it. New tech isn't always better. I tried to convert one site from PHP to RoR once. At the time, it seemed like a great idea, now it seems pointless. Still, is it really necessary to change a site from C to Java? Another issue is that it can be very expensive. Google and Facebook is always cutting edge tech because their survival depends on it. Same with Boeing or Rolls Royce. But ask a bank if they can spend a few millions upgrading from C to Java and they'll be very unhappy. Advertisers don't care how many clicks they get. They care about how many purchases. FB/Goog both allow them to track ad efficiency down to sales. If I spend $3000 on marketing, I don't care so much on how many scam clicks it gets but rather that I make at least $3030 profit at the end of the campaign. I see more situations where they list a high upper salary but also high (optional) requirements. People who don't meet the optional requirements don't get above average pay. One interview I had people adding on expectations and requirements during the interview. She talked about how they were looking for someone who knew big data in a mobile job, which is not something normally expected. And that salary is lower for people who don't meet those expectations. Agreed, automation can take far more time than it saves. Especially in very early stages, when you don't even know which features are used often. Something like payment is a given, but not other things. This is especially useful in countries like Malaysia and Indonesia. There was this company with really poor reviews on Glassdoor - most the negative reviews were low salary. I practically canceled the interview on reading these reviews. I went to the interview to probe them on salary, which they brushed off and said there were two more stages of interview. This seems like a lot of hassle just to get to a stage where I'd possibly turn it down, so I goofed around in the interview to get rejected. A few years later, this company publishes salary range on job posts. They paid above average salaries for the country, great purchasing power. But most of their hires were Europeans, who got comparatively very low salaries. Basically they just screwed themselves by obscuring the salary, because they weren't meeting expectations for some people, even though they were already paying above expectations for others. Pay someone else to handle it. It might actually cost you quite a bit early on, but a relative or friend might be happy to help. This article covers it well: https://theawl.com/a-complete-taxonomy-of-internet-chum-de0b... It's about the ads you usually find at the side and bottom of dodgy sites. An exact quote from the site: "Like everything else on the internet, traffic flowing through chumboxes must be tracked in order for everyone to be paid. Each box in the grid’s performance can be tracked both individually and in context of its neighbors. This allows them to be highly optimized; some chum is clearly better than others. As a byproduct of this optimization, an aesthetic has arisen. An effective chumbox clearly plays on reflex and the subconscious. The chumbox aesthetic broadcasts our most basic, libidinal, electrical desires back at us. And gets us to click." So you get all kinds of disgusting, disturbing and yet fascinating things that entice you to click. Clicking the most disturbing thing encourages more content like that. I'm going to assume director means upper leadership of a project? The transition is not so hard. Think of it as another programming language, another architecture. Your team is like a machine. You are not in it. You don't work in it. You build it. You improve and iterate on it. Your job is to look at it from the outside and see what can be improved. You also have to make sure that information flows from top to bottom well. The lowest intern needs to understand that strategic goals and focus of the team. That's really what motivating is. As tech management, one of the most effective thing you can do is to train the ones below you. You should take complete responsibility for what happens in your team. One of your junior programmers breaks the product? Sexual harassment? A core member ragequitting? Your fault. Ben Horowitz's The Hard Things About Hard Things is what I'd recommend most on engineering leadership. Extreme Ownership by Wilink, Jocko is a good book on general leadership. Do avoid a lot of the things on Business Insider, Forbes, or other business blogs. I had the same issue around the middle of my job. I took a break, started a cafe, thought F&B would be something better. It immediately shocked me back into programming. That's one approach - just do something else (preferably low cost) and see what you like more. Some people did up liking F&B more than tech. It sounds like you're suited for management or teaching. You're humble enough to have impostor's syndrome. You're at the sweet spot for management/teaching age. Despite what you feel now, you've probably learned a lot about different kinds of tools and which one to pick in what situation, even if you're not great at using them. You have also learned how trends evolve in time and have better instinct for when to adopt a new technology or use an older one. Management isn't that hard either, but it needs someone who can understand what the engineers are going through and get things out of the way. My hack was to start a startup and see it all the way through, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you're really desperate. Another approach might be to teach bootcamps or some community college. You're probably extremely qualified by teaching standards, unless you hate teaching. I have seen a few individuals work longer hours and succeed. But more often it's the kind of project they would sneak away to do, instead of sneak from. Software is one of those industries that runs so efficiently on passion, although passion is a limited resource. I do think progress is proportional to time spent on it. The only question is how much time you can get in and at what cost. You can always push harder, but it can lead to burnout and deplete passion. For e-commerce, logistics. What product? It seems a bit colder here. HN is content oriented. No profile pics, no rep. It matters more what you say than who you are. It sounds like you would get 40k cash then but have to look for a new job. I don't see it as a bad deal. I don't see why not. You would end up working with the acquiring company. Often post acquisition jobs can be quite good, and it's an easier way to work at something like Microsoft. Bitcoin has historically gone up much faster than 7% a year and can go down much faster too. Currency being what it is, it is to everyone's benefit to eventually agree on one. In most cases, it is not useful to diversify, but with crypto's make or break, your $100 could be worth $100k in the future or $0. I would say don't try to do everything. A lot of frameworks - bootstrap, WordPress, etc start off quite well, then become extremely tedious because they try to be too powerful. I've stopped building "responsive" altogether and just go for simpler websites that look good on both web and mobile. But I would pay for components. I would pay for form validation for example. Or something that makes data and chart look good on a touchscreen. Just don't force me to take everything else bundled with it. It's hard to say who was the greatest. Very different. All the good mentors give you one on one time. I would say my thesis supervisor was the best. Taught me the whole process of engineering, how to actually build an epic project. How to break down a huge project into components and how to make sure each component works. Real mentors do personal, 1 on 1 sessions specifically with you. Books are great but a mentor is a step up. Usually the good mentors expect you to have already read all the main books in the industry. The saying is that the teacher will come when the student is ready. For one thing, people who become masters want to teach. If there's anything more fun than using a skill you've mastered, it's teaching that skill. But most people are not open to teaching. Sometimes they just end up talking to themselves on Twitter, reaching an audience that can't quite understand them. Proteges also offer another perspective on things. It's useful for mentors to bounce ideas off them, or even someone who can see things from a more naive, open minded perspective. Someone who has all these ideas but isn't yet cynical. So mentors are actually looking for proteges, even though they don't advertise it. I think all you need to do to find a mentor is to do things in a specific direction. Eventually you bump into someone who is impressed by your ambition and chooses to be a mentor. But a common theme in PG's writing is to hack... it literally is to be used for next week. Productivity is measured in lines of code. Technical debt is acceptable; as a lot of the code will be erased anyway in an early stage of a startup. Besides the designing before coding part, I don't think this was quite his intent when saying discipline. Nootropics are nothing magical. The effect is similar to listening to the right music or working at the right time. Effectiveness drops sharply past caffeine. The big ones are exercise, diet, and sleep. These do more than most nootropics. Exercise: A run, hike, some cardio at least once a week. Walking in a shopping mall doesn't count. Diet: Your brain runs on glucose. Keep your glucose level moderate. Caffeine is an obvious one, but I find that the side effect of caffeine is that it makes you more anxious. Personally, I'm already under stress so the extra kick from caffeine makes it worse. It's suitable if you're feeling exhausted, but not something to take every day. L-Theanine is the most effective I found. L-Theanine is both calming and focusing. It's great during a deadline, or stressful situations like negotiations and interviews. It's my go to drug for programming as often I have to calm myself down from getting too energetic. You can combine L-Theanine with caffeine, as they complement each other. It depends on how your day is going. Vitamin E injections (not pills) seem to work very well for me. The effect is similar to exercise in that it feels better, and it's really obvious when it wears off. I'm surprised there isn't more documented evidence for this. I thought I was the only one! It seems to be some primal fear that while I'm concentrating on something, someone will pounce me. So it discourages me from focusing too deeply into a problem. freecodecamp, for web development From your competitors! I'm not kidding. If there's a market for your product, there will be an alternative product for it. Like for me, I had a recipe app. My competitors were recipe blogs, Facebook pages, and groups. If you're building something SaaS, there might be a WordPress plugin doing the same thing. Your product should be 10x better than the solution they hacked together. If no solution was hacked together, it's possible there's no market for it or that you haven't done enough research before building the product. There might be some exceptions though, like a note taking app, where the competitor is a piece of paper with no community. After a career of developing MVPs, this really clicks with me on a deep level. This site isn't it though. I do think websites and apps need to be built really fast and easily, but they still have to look better. If you do brisk walking throughout the whole shopping mall, it counts, but if it's just window browsing where you have a lot of steps but low heart rate it doesn't. I've been in the exact same situation, to a point where it could be me writing the same thing. Before you judge anyone, get a proper diagnosis. Arrange for one-on-ones with every member of the team, even the ones who have recently quit if you can. Get them to honestly talk about their opinions. Especially on why they keep failing at their tasks. Make them comfortable, i.e. nobody is getting fired and you're just trying to fix things. Be open and honest with them. There are problems and you'd like their advice on how to handle them. If everyone says everything is fine, get the hell out. Otherwise, you should find a few patterns, and this should at least give you a few angles to move on. 10,000 hours is taken from the book Outliers, but it's not even true mastery. It's said to be the level where Bill Gates entered Harvard. 10,000 hours is more journeyman level than mastery. The book Mastery goes into much more detail, where it repeats that 10,000 hours is necessary, but there are other components to mastery. Among them is mentorship and creating some form of masterwork. The pro athletes have gone far past the 10,000 hours mark, but chances are they also had mentors and they've also taken some risks and invented their own styles. Keep practicing. 20th century sci-fi: Attack of the Martians 21st century sci-fi: Attack of the aliens from TRAPPIST-1 It starts off nice, but past the blog part, it seems to just be mixing some low quality things with the high quality stuff. Something like "Attend meetups or conferences for your target market" can be extremely dangerous because this is a great way to spend a lot of time accomplishing nothing just to tick something off the list. Whereas something like "cold calling 20 customers" is so important it should be in bold. I would recommend this to be a list of marketing ideas depending on your phase, rather than an actual checklist of things to do. Yeah, you will get shot down anywhere but sometimes you just have to do the least comfortable thing. I mean for example if your project is some plugin that makes pretty graphs. What you can do is email strangers screenshots between your plugin's graphs and the graphs they're using now. No pressure to buy, just a cold email suggesting it could help them. That is just going to be way more effective than putting up some ads on Instagram. I guess what I was trying to say is that if faced with something in checklist format, you tend to do the easiest things first, instead of the scary ones with the most impact. Thank you for the detailed reply. It's a very good one, and I think it does boil down into doing the harder thing instead of the lazy one, especially really tempting things like lying to yourself. Also in some cases, you are morally bound to work on the startup when you've recovered and not waste time programming some side project. But too burnt out to code at all. So, what many do is neither of the above - they read books, play games, have meetings, or some other time filling activity. I've been a similar situation lots of times. I'd say, without hesitance, that being the dumbest guy in the room is the best move and I'm trying to do the same. I also find that I'm at my best when surrounded by people who I admire. When I'm the smartest guy in the room or overqualified for something, I tend to perform very poorly because there's just this feeling of malaise when you stop learning. Connection speed in the 90s ran on about 3kbps. Connection speed now is about 3MBps. It's still more than 10x better, but browsers now eat all your RAM and still don't get there. I have actually been experimenting against responsive web lately, partly influenced by bettermotherfuckingwebsite.com (don't worry it's a CSS site) Responsive web was jaw dropping when it first started but now it's become extremely common. Do people really need to do several different designs for phone, tablet, desktop? A lot of major sites like Reddit do very well without responsive. And it wouldn't work for something like Stack Overflow because their user base are desktop people who prioritize low friction access. It takes a long time to load and a long time to build. So most people should really rethink whether they need all this. Agreed on the first line. I've been freelancing for people who sell my work at 10x what they pay me. But honestly, you get money equal to the value you create. Having played both roles, IMO, the sales part is much harder. It is a lot of work to tell a client how much something costs. Sometimes you deal with racist big company clients who lead you on but are just finding some excuse to reject you. You have to learn when to stop. Some clients are just using you as a point of negotiation, you offer them a cheap price and they bring it to some big shot contractor to negotiate. And finally there is the politics of contracts and getting paid. Some people will try to sharpen their negotiation skills on you. I have seen deals like "On contract, we wrote $3M but I can only pay you $2 million. And you were 1 week late on delivering this animated PDF feature on Android so technically you violated the contract." There's not really a strategy to it. Ideally, you want to always, always work with people smarter than you. But some companies have limited resources or smarter people may just be a luxury. So the only move is to move on. Get better jobs. Be in a situation you're uncomfortable in. First time: 6 months. Market validation in 1 month, very strong traction with no marketing. Spent 6 months trying to find investors. Started borrowing lots of money to keep it afloat. It had good revenue but not a profit (e-commerce profit margins were around 6%). Couldn't get investors despite two accelerators, so we sold off the company after 14 months. But we made a good profit even after paying off debts. Second time: years(?) Ended up trying to do too many features. Still "wasn't ready for launch" 9 months in, ended up building features with no market validation. I ended up quitting the company because no progress was being made. First and second startups were essentially the same, except the second one had a much bigger team, more ambitious. I'd say keep your runway as short as possible and try to launch something by 3 months. Some kind of procedurally generated fantasy world, designed around generating stories. It's not really due to competitiveness. Some people want the other party to be better. It's sort of like religion. My IDE is better than yours, my tech stack is better, and you're just ignorant for not being enlightened. I don't think there is a solution to the arrogance. One of the root causes is that everyone thinks they're hackers who found a better solution. The other cause is that they've invested a lot into what they learned, so they don't like it when better tools obsolete that. That's your standard cheap job board. I recommended one of my previous companies post on SO jobs, they're like "we can't afford any of the programmers there". Yeah there are a lot of sandboxes that generate gameplay, but few generate an actual plot. Rimworld seems to be the closest thing to that but I think they focus too much on trying to build drama. When I see the same thing, I think a lot of better stories can emerge - a lifetime bond between comrades, a romance between a prisoner and the nurse who comes to heal him, rivalries between factions, a 500 year old cyborg who questions her humanity. So many stories can emerge. As Paul Graham said, find people who are animals. The kind who aren't simply talented. They do it because they need to. It's in their base instinct, to build, to sell, to do whatever they need to. Also since this has happened to you twice, you might also want to look at yourself and see whether the problem lies with you. A lot of charismatic people actually have others flocking to them instead of trying to pull away once the vesting cliff kicks in. You might want to upgrade your leadership skills or at least your mission. * Killing things that are low profit margins, under some misguided Pareto Principle approach. Sometimes these things are loss leaders designed to pull customers for other products. * Spending too much on marketing/sales before people want the product. They usually just end up burning their brand if the product is too low quality. * Too much focus on building multiple small features rather than focusing on the value proposition. * Trying to negotiate deadlines for product development. "We don't have two months to finish this. Let's do this in one." In software estimation, there's the estimate, the target, and the commitment. If the commitment and estimate are far off, it should be questioned why, not negotiated. * Hiring two mediocre developers at half the salary of one good developer. They usually can't solve problems past a certain treshhold. * Importing tech talent, rather than promoting. Usually the people who have built the product have a better understanding of the tech stack than someone else they import. * Startups that rely on low quality people to skimp on the budget. These people later form the DNA of the company and make it difficult to improve, if they're not the type who improve themselves. More into details... I've actually been approached by recruiters in a few companies who want me to come in and "upgrade" the whole tech stack. I ask them what's wrong with it? It turns out management was not happy with it being built in a homegrown framework by a junior, even though it was functioning fine. Situation for the last point: I was asked to come in for a years old team. The team didn't know source control or agile. But because a large number of them were used to operating without these tools, it was extremely difficult to get them to adopt proper techniques, and we only got the juniors and testers to use Git. Competition. A lot of people generally like to harm their colleague's odds of success - they pass accountability, responsibility, work, force them to attend more meetings, force them to use more communication software. Basically trying to look good by making someone else look bad. It would be very effective if everyone worked together towards a common goal. This really isn't an issue in fast growing companies but the slower the growth of a company is, the more destructive competition sinks in. Agree with them. You can't get autism if you die from polio. Assuming both sides have credibility, there is still a clear choice. It's clear that vaccination is a successful way of eradicating diseases like measles, smallpox, polio. It's not so clear whether it causes autism and it's possible that the person doing such research was scapegoated. But which would you choose? A world with no polio or smallpox, or a world with 2% less autism? I almost took this seriously for a moment. There's an app I use to force myself to unplug before bed - SleepTown. I've been sleeping really well ever since. It's fine if it's not a tech startup. Something like e-commerce comes to mind. I've gone through the process many times. Most partnerships were failures. The only startup that succeeded was with this guy who added me on Facebook after I bought his book. But by far, I find that the strongest indicator of a good partner is whether you're adding them on Facebook. For one thing, partners that avoid you on social media are a little dodgy. Some would even see you as an adversary - this guy they negotiate against, that they're going to leave when business is over, that we're splitting equity with. And often there's some subconscious disgust to people you're not willing to add to your friends list. The reason for this disgust often becomes clear in about 3 months. But we have years of experience with people - if something is off about them, we'll know. The best partners to work with are the ones who you want to get closer to. The ones who match with you on an ideological level. The ones you feel that you can learn a lot from. And more importantly, the ones who you consider a real friend, or truly want to be friends with, and are willing to go to long extents to help. If you feel the need to test this person just because they have a nice business model, I'd suggest that they've already failed the test. Yes, it also attracts talent to your startup, especially at a time you can't afford to pay more. Assuming you write intelligently. Because it's not about optimizing every little thing. It's about getting it good enough. And even when something sounds better in theory, it might not be that way in practice. The whole thing is a struggle. Building a product, revenue, marketing, investors. Being stuck in a shitty situation, with no money, no food, no clear way out, only choosing between one risk or another. It's no surprise the topic makes for good HBO drama. There's no shortcut. Just stay calm in the chaos. Focus on one thing after another, especially when it's tempting to do many things. Don't outsource core stuff early on; it's tempting when time is always short, but it often makes things worse. Be honest, completely, brutally honest to yourself. Startups are the last place to lie to yourself. You don't have 'hope', you have plans and hypotheses. Startups are this long march. You either die or you make it rich. If you can simply avoid dying, you will be rich. That link seems to cover a lot of scattered topics. Care to explain more? I've read a lot of books on self discipline and IMHO that was the worst. Also pomodoro method is good for simple work, not great for programming as it interrupts flow and doesn't give enough break. I would recommend more like 2 hours work and 15-90 minutes break. What I found more useful: 1. Deep Work, by Cal Newport. This is much more applicable for software engineers. 2. anything by Jocko Wilink. This is sort of the Navy Seal route, build grit and so on. Jocko's stuff is not fun to read, but there's a lot of insights. 3. Peak performance, basically how to do really intense stuff in the long term. Spoiler: the secret is in working hard and resting hard, and often the rest is more difficult than the work. The plan I prescribe is just taking more mental breaks. Resting is difficult, but you obviously need more of it. Your mind is just as active when it isn't focusing compared to it being hard at work. When you rest, your mind sorts out the things in your head. This happens most effectively when you sleep, but it also works in smaller amounts any time you zone out, daydream, drift into the subconscious. When you don't get enough rest, your mind starts to do that processing wherever it can. This is what causes you to lack attention. A big part of it is bad habits too, often things like checking email or notifications every 5 minutes. 1. Quit social media, games, and forums (including HN). Social media is a tremendous drain on brain power. You can come back later, but I would recommend avoiding it until you have recovered. Basically, social media forces your brain to keep running, giving it new things to process, when what you want is some dead time. 2. Schedule the time when you have to do stuff. I recommend a block of work, minimum 30 minutes, max 2 hours. Schedule breaks too. 3. Get more rest. If you're feeling burnt out and not excited, you have too much stress, too little rest. You know that you have too much rest only when you are getting bored. 4. Resting means doing nothing. No TV, no games, no internet. It's all you and your subconscious. This can be meditation, walks, shower, spa, swim (or float), watching a movie with friends, sitting at a nice cafe or library. This is very hard and will make you feel anxious, especially if you are used to a hard pace. Anxious is normal. I split my days into two types: either "lots of pain" or "recovery". If you find yourself just wondering where the day went, you should either be pushing yourself harder, or taking a break. For more details, check out the books Peak Performance and Deep Work. I think it's less likely to happen at a startup, because there is more work to be done. Larger companies often have some kind of official training (even the boring enterprises). I know this, because I freelance with a training company and often do things like training courses to teach a bunch of companies how to do Material Design. It takes a lot of time and error to mess around, and some libraries have such immense productivity boosts that it's a waste of time not to do them. In my case, I once bought an ergonomic keyboard and realized that I was typing the wrong way for years. My typing speed halved for about a week, so I did some 30 min/day training routine until I got it back up to an acceptable rate. But I think that I could actually be typing a lot faster if I bother to practice with it. There are some other things - debugging tools, keyboard shortcuts. And there are some major things like learning RxJava, Kotlin, Butterknife, or some architecture, which isn't always possible with 30 mins/day, but may cost productivity if delayed and something you want the whole team up to date with. Any links to your content? Do you have any particular way of reading? Like just read the same book in your spare time, or flip between books as long as they hold your interest? Or even a way of choosing which books to read? I decide what to learn mostly from looking at job requirements of similar fields. Most companies usually adopt things that work and save them time. This was also how I picked up on the Kotlin wave before it went mainstream for Android. If something makes me uncomfortable, I try to look at it. Usually it's things that seem really powerful, which people hate, but don't really justify why. React and MongoDB are prime examples. I find that most of the "fun" and interesting tech isn't really that helpful to work with. The best tech is tiresome to learn, especially in Android. I freelance, so usually I would allocate a couple of days just to grind up programming skills in certain things. I used to do something like 30 mins a morning to warm up my typing speed, but it doesn't stick when I have to deal with deadlines. All my jobs were from people I met. Even when they have some interview, I get offered the job before the interview, and the interviews are rigged to let me pass. I normally get filtered out of phone interviews for some reason, with no technical questions. I do perfectly fine when it's a technical interview. I guess I just don't have an attractive personality. I actually like it this way. I think nested comments are hard to read, but that's the only problem. My first job as a junior. I worked with really smart coworkers. I got to build things that were used, and things that made money. Most other jobs after that I ended up building things that were never used, or used to get some kind of grant or impress investors, and wasn't even what the user wanted. A lot of the more senior jobs I get, I end up doing a lot of management and getting little work done. Sometimes when someone else does the hiring, I get complete idiots in my team, the kind who typo variable names, spend 3 days discussing specifications, but don't do them, refuse to use source control. I would really love to get back into a job where I can just build things that people use, with smart people. Yeah, this. Like the specifications say that the table name is "Product" and they name it "Products". An error every now and then is acceptable, but multiple errors create chaos among the team, especially when it's related to the API. I've been doing that for nearly 3 years. Part of the problem is that usually the client cares more about getting grants or ticking off some buzzword like "machine learning" or "uber for X". But things get better throughout the years as I learn which projects to avoid. You don't actually need hard science to make progress. Soft science gives hints on what the truth is. Sometimes it's best to move forward with what we have, rather than wait for more data. Mainly it's because it takes more willpower to do something at work. This makes sense; that's why they give you money. 1. Get enough rest, especially sleep. Without enough rest, your mind has little time to defrag. Without defragging, it wanders off easily. 2. Let your mind wander, but not at work. Avoid social media and gaming as these give your brain more things to process. Games and social media are especially dangerous because you think you're taking a break but only make yourself more tired. 3. Don't do anything tiring before work. I found my work productivity increasing greatly by avoiding morning exercise. These tap into willpower reserves. 4. Avoid caffeine. YMMV, but I found that caffeine made it difficult for me to focus. Caffeine tends to be a counter for lack of sleep. 5. Train yourself to be bored. Part of the problem is that your brain is already trained to reach for something whenever bored. When you feel the urge to look at HN or Reddit, just give yourself at least a 5 min time gap, to consider whether you really need to. Even better if you could give yourself 30-60 min gaps between the urge and the action. Mainly it is serving Allah. Everything positive is an act of piety, from smiling to strangers, answering Stack Overflow questions, to simply getting a contract done quickly and above expectations. Avoiding anything that pulls me towards sin - things like banking/finance institutions is the major temptation for sin, as well as day trading. Never focusing on money as a goal in itself. Money is there to do good and to invest into good deeds. I would invest all my money and energy into something if it is good enough for the world. Being honest, especially when it is bad for me. Never be deceptive. The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Never promise or commit to that which can't be done, never hide flaws when selling. Liberating others. People are trapped in dead end jobs, especially where I live. They are forced to accept bribes, lie, and other immoral things. I like to work with people whose goal is to train and improve pay for their staff and avoid jobs whose only goal is to disrupt and make life difficult for the majority. Craftsmanship. I see craftsmanship as not the process of creation, but extracting the meaning of what is already there. Like when you take photographs, you don't just look for a subject matter with beautiful lighting, colors, crisp focus. A food photographer tries to capture temperature, flavor, moisture. A wedding photographer tries to capture emotion and even inject a little sexiness. With programming or UX/UI, you are not just building features. You are solving a problem. You understand the pains of the user, the emotions, the process, find a way to cure it. It's not about creating something new, but deeply understanding, appreciating, and immersing myself in God's creation, both the good and the bad. Go ahead, no copyright lol my first instinct was that they would charge a fee, but forcing you to watch YouTube commercials sounds so Google. Yeah, I wonder if I can run this on some apps. Just tell people up front - this app mines crypto, pay $1 to shut it off. 2-3 years is extremely short. 5-10 years is much more plausible. Even then, it's tough; Yahoo and IRC has been disrupted like a decade ago and it still lives on. What I would do is the Snap or Telegram route. FB's weak link is that everything is too public. People can see things like who has read your message, what groups you like, who you are in an argument with. A medium that is less intrusive and lets you build more tight knit communities will be much more popular. Another problem of Facebook is that it no longer consists of real world friends. It's about acquaintances, not friends. A social media that is more about real friends can do better. I would actually attack it from the angle of some kind of community - gaming, certain hobbies, sports groups. Make something with similar features to Slack, Telegram, or Discord, but more suited between friends. A good hint that it's on the right track is that it should initially be a little repulsive to people who use "acquaintance" or "personal branding" kind of social media, like Twitter, Linked In, Instagram. But universities do a good job of teaching law, medicine, engineering, and art. I don't see why it wouldn't teach IT as well, especially when the facilities you need are just computers. Founders no longer work on it full time. This is an extremely strong indicator and I've never seen a startup recover from this. Employees get tasked to things other than the core business of the startup. Usually consulting or some other side business. Startups rarely ever die loudly. They just seem to crawl off away from everything else and try to die as quietly as possible. Ah, a quick run might help. Maybe to some people, it's the only exercise they get, which is better than nothing. I usually do my workouts on my break days. They help me sleep a lot better too, which keeps me rested for the work days. Unpopular opinion: Working longer hours could be fun and exactly what some people are signing up for. Some people might want more than a job. They want a lifestyle. A new family, a tech monastery if you will. They want to immerse themselves in work. Even with sleep, there's plenty of time for family, just not hobbies. Of course, if you're looking for just a way to pay the bills, it's not a very good one. Most of the companies that work extra long hours don't really accomplish anything though, and the extra time is used for busywork that doesn't change the bottom line. If your metric is hours worked and not work done, you tend to do a lot more light tasks that you can do for long hours, instead of the short, intense, really important ones. It's okay if they change core business. The problem is when employees do what they didn't sign up for, or when they focus on things that are not the core business (e.g. consulting or some other company held by the same owner). Personally, I do Android programming and the optimal machine to run Android Studio is not the optimal machine to develop on web. Like for Android Studio or even Java, you'd want a fast drive over high RAM and a lot of the bottlenecks are in CPU speed. But if you're doing web dev, you probably want bash and don't need a lot of HDD speed. So the cost effectiveness might be highest with a MacBook Air. I'd bet on Google/Alphabet for sure. 1. Product Facebook is basically a giant directory. Google is a search engine. Search engines are necessary to get any information anywhere. While Google doesn't have as much of a monopoly on this (i.e. Bing, Baidu, DDG), it is still the best by far and this alone is invaluable. 2. Side products Google has a lot of other killer side products - Waze, YouTube, self driving cars, Android. Facebook has... React, WhatsApp, and Instagram. Just Android alone gives them more power than Facebook. 3. Productivity Google regularly pushes the envelope on workplace innovation - 10% time, healthy catering, meditation. Facebook has open offices and they work on one of the most distracting websites in the world. They are no contenders to the legendary Bell Labs. In a race, I would say that Google will win. 4. AI AI will likely be the next big thing. Both are doing well in AI, but Google has been doing it longer. Google also has more important data and a broader perspective of how it all links together. 4 hours a day max. Any more and I get exhausted. I'd actually count design and scheduling as coding, because that's where most of the code is written. I can see how this can go wrong. * Don't look at porn for more than 30 minutes today. * Don't eat any chocolate or other unhealthy food. * Don't work on that side project. Find something people have built that has a lot of users but you can do better. Then do it better. It's both a good way to learn and accidentally stumble upon a business model. As someone who has been in the field for a while, I would say it's difficult. You face a lot of competition, meaning there is someone out there who is younger and can do it for cheaper. You also face older people who can do it better and faster than you. Like any other business, I'd only recommend it if you know your competitors and are convinced you can do it 10x better than them. If you're decent you probably make enough to pay the bills and have a nice car, and it's more profitable than, say, running a restaurant. So I wouldn't say no. Whether it's better than working for a web dev shop depends on how good you are at the business aspects. Because having a list of things reminding you what you should not do will often trigger the impulse to do it. I knew a friend who had such a list, she would immediately do everything on the list then vow not to do it again tomorrow. At some point, it became a habit to do those things on 'break' days. I've seen companies buy a company Mercedes-Benz or BMW just to convince their clients that they have a good product. Some even buy a house with company money, justifying that they use it to pay themselves lower salaries and lower the tax they have to pay. That's a very big team. It gets complex past 3-4 people. I wouldn't split it by hours worked because it screws over the most effective people. Some parts of the code are harder than others. I would argue that Android is more work than iOS and yet you have three on iOS and two on Android, meaning the iOS guys are lifting a little less. The web portal guy could be doing most of the heavy work, especially if he's doing back end too. There's also sales. Sales is painful if it's B2B and yet possibly the most important role in a tech heavy team. With a team that size you also need someone who is handling the non-deep tedious stuff - company registration, dealing with partners, investors, project management, filling forms. And you definitely need a product manager, a visionary who has high level view and makes sure everyone is on the same page. This can be the CEO too. The CEO doesn't necessarily need a larger share. I would honestly just split equity up equally. Extra results will go in the form of bonuses and salary. You probably have to assign someone as the mediator for this, but this can be done democratically too. Maybe even write up some contract to agree on how bonuses are paid out. I take skeleton notes of each book into Evernote. When I feel the urge to revisit the book, I look at the notes. It doesn't capture the emotions and examples, but at least I can refresh my memory on what the book was saying. I heard it is quite cultish but it works and is worth the price if you have the money. I experimented with a few systems - headspace, calm, some mantra repeating similar to TM. What works for me is just to sit there at my computer seat, eyes closed, with jazz playing on my headphones. Breathe in, breathe out. I do it for at least half an hour before starting work. When you get down to it, mediation is just about forcing your mind to run in subconscious, maintenance mode. I get about 4x work done with my main rig at home vs my laptop in an office. 1. Big monitor. Tried a regular monitor vs UHD. UHD monitor gives me two rows so I can do stuff side by side. 2. The right music + headphones + no background noise. 3. Nice keyboard and mouse. My laptop isn't good enough. 4. L-Theanine pill before work starts. 5. Half hour meditation time before work. Headphones are great for this. 6. Decent IDE. 7. Also I block off Facebook and games for the entire work week, even past office hours. Flow goes well into the night. Because it's a bad example of a bad list. "Avoid refined sugar" is easy. "Avoid chocolate" on a list is going to tempt you to munch on some chocolate even if you had no such craving for it previously. It depends on the mood. Most of the time I need to relax. I just run some "rainy jazz" playlist on YouTube. If I'm anticipating pain, e.g. designing a schedule or working with Firebase, I run my workout playlist (Journey/Eye Of the Tiger/some hyped up 80s songs). I don't recommend this for most people. It's just that I've been listening to this exact playlist for hundreds, if not thousands of hours and it has become background noise. If I'm feeling depressed, I play something chill like Lemon Tree that reminds me of my youth. Mine is 28" and I can't really imagine having something of lower res as a larger size. Fonts are really crisp on it. It's very pleasurable to work on and one of the things I look forward to every day. It acts as 2-3 screens on its own so I don't really see any use for more screen space. There's a catch to it. They register "motivational talks" as one of the things the company does. So the expensive material success is subtracted from tax under advertising costs. A lot of those guys are management consultants who are good at this kind of thing. It's not illegal or too irresponsible, just extremely cost-ineffective. Normally I like to ask where their lowest point in life was. People who reach great heights often have great lows too. Also ask if they do whatever the trend is - meditation, what time they wake up, habits like that. Most people don't realize what routine they follow and it's often best to work close with them and observe. Haha, people are usually very straightforward with what they plan to do with it. Most of them don't feel guilty about it and usually justify that every other person does it. I have a process I've developed over a few years: A. Find out whether it's worth learning. 1. Find out the big picture as fast as possible, about 15-30 mins. 2. Skim through all the major parts. 3. Figure out how I can use this. If the intention of it is to be practical (i.e. not philosophical, scientific, historical knowledge) it needs to be immediately applicable. Something that I may use years later, like how to make mantraps or phrases in Russian, is usually not worth learning right now. B. Find a way to apply it 1. I figure out the bare smallest thing I can build with this. Building things is possibly the fastest way to have an intuitive understanding. 2. Copy what someone else is doing. Don't bother trying to be creative in the earliest phase. People usually adopt some habits for good reason. 3. After it's in muscle memory, then I start experimenting. 4. Allow lots of "dead time" while learning. Meaning unconscious/subconscious periods like sleep, meditation, or just daydreaming. This is needed for it to go into long term. You'll know when if you get stuck on something. 5 hours on a bad night. 7 on a good night. Not including the 50 or so minutes awake in the middle of the night. I'm extremely unproductive on the days I get 5 hours, and can work around 4 hours/day when I get 7. I'd probably be extremely productive if I can get 9 hours of sleep. I did. It's probably the easiest transition. You just do it. You have the skills. You hear all the latest ideas. You sometimes end up in weeks long talks with a client who decides not to do a project that you're excited about. In fact, you can do those things without requiring funding. It's a lot easier for freelancers to pivot too. In my case, I was just solving my own problem in trying to eat healthy. Machine guns are hard to make. They may be theoretically easy, like building something like Facebook. But something portable that doesn't jam or fall apart is much harder. I think the downsides are much bigger than a few dozen people killed a year. Yes, it's a tragedy. But gun homicide rate in the US is not terrible, and most of it happens between gangs rather than civilian shootings. Many of them will get guns from other sources anyway, and like banning drugs or alcohol, it will give criminals more sources of income. Disclosure: I'm not American and I think someone needs to keep Trump in check. It's a cost. If it costs too much, someone might go for another option. Minimal comments and documentation. Why should I comment or document if no one else will ever see it maintain it? I was extremely open with my acquirer, even saying things like us not planning to work there after the acquisition and pointing out every single thing that sucked about the company. They were happy enough that they bought it for 3x what we actually wanted. Most of the giants today actually thrived without the competitors and were stunted only because of it. Who were the legit competitors to Amazon, Google, Facebook, Tesla? They grew into monsters without that competition, which is why they try to keep each other in check. Google made a social media platform and Microsoft made search engines. Is case insensitive really a bad thing? Bank logins aren't exactly brute forceable. Those were nowhere near the same level in quality and weren't competed with. The market needed the better solution. Most of the ones by Paul Graham. They seem to condense things very well, and no matter how many times I reread it, it has the same fresh impact. One of the best is http://paulgraham.com/growth.html I disagree. I've met a lot of super productive, obsessed people. Many are very nice. Though like Ben Horowitz put it, you have your peace time people and your wartime people. The ones you're describing might be wartime people, obsessed with making a company survive. A company like Google would want more peace time people. They're still damn good engineers but not so stoic. Easy also means that people are less willing to pay high prices for the company. But sometimes it's safer because you're not competing with people like Rocket Internet, who can hire a thousand people overnight capable of working 12 hours/day on some idea. Look at the team first. Ideas usually need experts in their fields, so the teams are usually different. Now imagine you're trapped on an island with cannibals. Who would you take? Your idea is wrong. The market could be off, the solution is not a good fit, the product night be too expensive, the partners might not be receptive. What are the consequences of that? It's like trying to shoot a small target at a distance. Your first bullet will miss. That's fine. But how will you hit it? If you only have one bullet, very limited resources, are you accurate enough to not miss? Do you have a high firing rate? Can you do 3 prototypes/day? What are the odds of hitting other targets in the field even if you don't get yours? But there's more.. most of your targets will actually be hidden. Now how well do you know your space? If you are building something for millennials, a partner be a millennial. If you build something for city councils, ideally one partner has managed a city council. The more you know your space, the easier it is in everything. Smart and gets things done. Every other thing is related to that. Are you a freelancer asked to build a website? Who cares whether it's PHP or JS, it just has to be done. Are you maintaining a PHP website? Then you need PHP to get things done. The rest of the interview process is to filter out the smart part. I've done it a few times. 1. A project for a client that needed to be done "yesterday". It was a 3 day 1 night project that we charged double for because of the timeline. 2. A multi-million 1 month project that we spent the final week working 100 hours/week. Project management got me a massage chair to sleep in at the office, bought and delivered whatever food I wanted. 3. When my daughter was less than 1 year old and I was freelancing. Days were distracting so I worked nights. 4. Bootstrapping my startup, regularly doing 100 hour weeks for a year. I was burnt out for a year after selling the startup. In summary, I only recommend it for urgent projects. It's productive for the first 5 nights but after that, productivity drops drastically. Sleep debt is even worse than technical debt. Agreed. Quitting your job is like a relationship break up. Talking someone into staying might just get them to say yes, to be nice, then just change their mind and not show up some day. Pomodoro's downside is that concentration takes more than 25 minutes and the breaks should be longer. But adjust as fits as long as you can stick to it. I go with 1 hr work/30 min break. The brain processes creative thoughts while 'inactive'. But it's vital not to think of other things - especially social media. Breaks like walks, lunch, shower, naps will keep your brain processing. Don't try to cut off social media or junk internet completely because it has its uses. Don't schedule breaks from it, schedule time where you can fully engage in it. Maybe only nights or weekends. Train yourself to enjoy boredom. Boredom is not unproductive. Boredom trains you to focus. Force yourself to be bored for periods of time, even if it's just closing your phone before bed. You might want to replace your bad internet habits with better ones. It can still be 'unhealthy', as long as it's enjoyable. I've replaced it with Netflix and HN. Netflix at least trains me to focus on something for 20 minutes without getting distracted. The book Deep Work also covers this quite a bit. I actually quit my job for one project I did 5 nights on, so it was sort of a life and death situation (or so I thought). I did get about 6 hours a sleep, just didn't see my pregnant wife, or do anything besides eat, sleep, code. It led to a lot of burnout, and I later quit tech to run a cafe. Doesn't Zoom handle this? Not sure but I heard some people conduct interviews on it for this reason. IMO the best ROI for a junior level would just be to drive Uber or do something like tutoring schoolkids. Another quick income source might be one day WordPress sites but good luck competing with Indians who can set up e-commerce site for $50. It might actually hurt your career to do something programming related. It's like a pro athlete working as a laborer. Save your energy for your career, don't burn out like I did. It's really hard to define underserved. Deep learning now has a lot of potential, but it's not being used to solve a lot of things. YC's RFS is a good place to look: https://www.ycombinator.com/rfs/ Government and health care can be difficult to penetrate too, and there would be a lot of potential for people who have the connections. Look for catalysts. Make a list of stocks that are undervalued, then buy them when there's good news. There's a trick to luck: find the best set of dice for you and keep rolling them. The bums are interesting, but more so the ones that end up millionaires or billionaires. I've learned that a lot of millionaires are not very intelligent; they're just incredibly persistent. They can do the exact same thing, despite failure, for nearly a decade and end up gathering a reputation for it. Whereas most people would just give up and change careers in the middle. There's also an element of luck here - Bubba Gump comes to mind. But sometimes luck is just being in the right position at the right time, and there is a methodology to being in that position. Fundamentals. This is actually quite hard because it's relative. I've seen 'experts' do analyses like "Facebook was valued at $100 per user, this company is better than Facebook, therefore this company should be valued at $300 per user." It sometimes helps to go at it from an untrained perspective and make your own estimates. Look at assets, cash flow, cash in the bank. Opportunities, market size. Yes, this does take a lot of work, but you are literally being an investor here. It's good to be an expert in the field you're investing in. Draw a line. Find out where the spikes in the data are coming from: are they catalysts or just hype? I've seen some odd things, like when a certain party wins the election, shares of the prime minister's relatives go up. The line would rarely go "hockey stick" when these things happen. Often they're more of an S-Curve. If they're undervalued, it's just correcting, meaning that the real line is a lot steeper. Don't look too closely at profits. A lot of companies reinvest in themselves, partly to minimize tax. Companies that offer high dividends are often committed to slow growth. Sorry, I'll elaborate. Draw a line on what you think they're worth. I detailed this in the sibling comment. If they're lower than this line, they're undervalued. But don't watch prices. Watch the news. I say don't buy them too early because stock prices can take years to correct, especially for low profile companies. A good catalyst: Company wins a project, key board member becomes more powerful (maybe his daddy became deputy prime minister), new market opens up for them, rival dies, acquisitions and mergers. Bad catalysts: Scandals, accidents, some prominent individual attacks their credibility on media. I find business news to be the best source of catalysts. There are tools used to follow and even highlight which stocks are going up. The traders will be faster than you unless you do it full time. But you can still be faster than the rest of world. Sarcasm would be extremely useful. I have a business account for all side projects that involve money. When the prototype generates money, we move it out of the prototype bank account to a proper one. My ethics is that a company is first responsible to the customers, then employees, then shareholders, then society. If a company isn't servicing their customers as well as it should, it's a good thing to compete with them. Competition among startups is especially healthy because markets are often very early stage. Competitors often grow a market and encourage people to adopt the thing because there are more choices. It gives employees more career choice, especially if a company fails. It also gives them more of a safety net. Let's say you have 3 competing companies. 80% chance of startups failing, so two of these fail and the third one becomes big. The people who were senior management of these failed companies are very valuable to the ones who survive - they already have years of very rare management training, they know the field well, they have faced difficult choices and spent a long time analyzing their own failures. So competing with startups is very good, especially if you remain on friendly terms. I have seen very few companies that aren't like that, after consulting dozens of people and companies. It's a stereotype by now. They pick up some trend from mass media, like big data, deep learning, react native, and everything looks like a nail. Agile is not magic though. It's a wonderful thing, like Git. Mediocre people will still find a way to be mediocre with Agile. They add features nobody needs - things like rounded corners, tagging, profile pictures, autofill, Facebook logins, more routing. Refactor two weeks a month. Or don't refactor at all - we're too busy working 60 hour weeks. Agile tends to reward ticking off stuff. Sometimes the most important thing to do is improving a search, optimizing something from O(n^2) to O(n logn), or recommending the best thing to a user. But this is very vague, hard to measure success or improvement. So it's easy to just add more bugs, more tests, more refactoring, more processes instead of doing stuff that matters. The most mediocre people of all embrace this easy way out and focus their careers around the process of setting up meetings, documentation, and giant checklists. It's when Agile is warped to fill a void of pretend work. I disagree. I've grown up with people from both rich and poor ends. The poor struggle with trying to pay their bills. The rich may be running an operation that makes $20,000 a day, paying $17,000 in daily operating costs. They don't sleep at night, worried about when these costs get too high. While they don't worry about starving, they carry heavy burdens. They can go on more expensive vacations, but they may be too stressed to even start. And the more power you hold, the more people want it. Competitors, colleagues, employees, spouses and children. I have seen many rich people have their wealth ripped apart with years of family squabbling. The optimum to tweak for is freedom, not wealth. You want the freedom to not work, but with great power comes great responsibility. The optimum may be a little less than being a millionaire. Billionaires possibly push far beyond the optimum. Many wake at 4, lacking the freedom to have a lazy Sunday or to just diss Zuckerberg on Twitter without it being sensationalized. Evernote for long term ones. It's terrible to write in, but does a good job with search and storage. Jotterpad for 'sketches' on Android. Sublime for PC. Sublime has such good plugins for notes that I'm using it instead of a lot of checklist apps. I've heard people refer to them as performance drugs, good for short term gain, but possible side effects. They can challenge authority. They can get work done twice as fast, and you'd get a good deal if they show up only 80% of the time. The star players can also be divas, challenge bosses. Some cultures have more difficulty dealing with it and sometimes it comes with drama. They tend to be a little stubborn. I met one senior with almost 10 years experience who refused to use source control or log into Trello. Project management for that project fell apart because the key members were not on it. Yeah, that situation was a, "We've been perfectly fine managing bigger projects with Excel and emails for years." But that's an extreme case for example. Much of the time it's in a gray area. Is this guy refusing to use JS because it's a buggy language or because it threatens his 7 years of PHP experience? Is React Native really that bad or does it just threaten this guy's native iOS experience? Is it some expert instinct to put semicolons on JS code or just FUD? The true experts usually develop a kind of instinct for danger, so you probably want to trust them when it's FUD. It goes a lot deeper than just seeing this person have X years of experience. You have to filter them for quality years of experience. Is it a bad sign that this guy is willing to take a 30% pay cut from his qualifications? After all, the best people want to be challenged. Maybe he wants less workload so he can focus on a side project. Or it could just be that he has no intent of actually improving, just wanting a good enough job to pay the bills. Actual conversation interrupting someone in a meeting: Me: "Wait, hold on, when we are talking about Agile, do you mean Scrum? Like the one with weekly sprints?" Boss: "What's a sprint? I mean those guys who handle the AWS and servers and backups." Me: "Ohh, so you meant DevOps?" Boss: "Yeah, that's the word." Me: "Ohh... I used to confuse those words a lot too." Just be polite, don't make them feel embarrassed. Take a neutral tone. Do it for clarification, not because it hurts your ears. It's natural. It's Dunning Kruger effect. People become very confident when they first learn a little and consider themselves experts. It is rather hypocritical to put someone down for lacking knowledge; doing so implies that you are judging them as lacking knowledge. You end up doing the exact same thing. I have never seen this done in a way that doesn't backfire. I just treat people like that as children or teenagers. You don't have to be mean. You just entertain and enjoy their illusion. They might grow out of it and realize what fools they were. Be tolerant, similar to religious tolerance. They believe what they do. If you have enough evidence to convince them, you can do so. You might end up in a closed circle of smarter people, but that's fine. The competent ones tend to float to the top. It's an exercise for the reader ;) Fun fact though: Actual legit psychopaths are very charming. The biggest symptom is that they have a history of failures and bad referrals. But they are good at convincing you that they were victimized, and that they trust you to bring them to the next level. Usually at the end of an interview, the interviewer ends up feeling like this person is a great guy, just unlucky. They might have failed a lot, but failure is good in Silicon Valley. You end up with a person who becomes a core team member because they care the most. But they end up being manipulative assholes who are well connected. Me and some friends have started cafes. Don't go that far. It's surprisingly common for hackers because we tend to work consulting, which is more emotionally scarring than prostitution. I've made the mistake of being a "tech lead". The term usually means some who plays a sort of CTO role but is also a key programmer. It's really tempting because you get a star player salary, but also make full use of your technical skills. A programmer needs a lot of deep, focused work to do their job, whereas a manager needs to be available. Managers are the spine and nervous system of a company. They need to transfer information from one part to another quickly. They need to communicate a lot, make decisions quickly. They train newbies, manage project progress, deal with issues. A manager who wants to do technical work should probably limit himself to more shallow tasks like bug triaging or maybe setting up a checklist of things for the other programmers to do. What is wrong with it? It still looks applicable. It's easier to do than ever, the point isn't to add more tech, but to tick off the same questions. Lots of companies still don't have source control or testers. People still need to write code in interviews. What I would add is that progress tracking should be up to date, with tools like Trello or Pivotal Tracker, rather than asking how much is there left to do. And now, more than any time ever in programming history, we really need non-distracting working conditions. It's meant for people who like rockets, not internet protocols. They're smart enough to look up terms, but inexperienced. I love that he dumbs down terms where needed but goes into detail where he thinks people can understand them. It's often a negotiation tactic. They force you to invest time into it, so that you wouldn't want to let go of the investment. I usually walk away from anyone not announcing salary ranges, because they're also the most likely to negotiate hard. Is this adjusted for inflation? It warps the data quite a bit if it isn't. I'm working with someone making software in that range. They target retailers, saving them easily hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. The idea behind the pricing was to make it seem like they are naive for charging so little. I would say learn C first, but only if you really want to understand how computers work. Assembly is too hardcore. C is worth learning just until you understand malloc and pointers. Know about garbage collection, memory allocation, what an array really is, a lot of the low level efficiency stuff. You'll understand how strings and hash tables work. Cortisol does wonders, but only for the short term. It basically destroys part of your body to supercharge the rest. Later on in life, plenty of companies try to make use of it, pushing people into long hours and short deadlines, and find that it doesn't work as well. Might I ask why you go white water rafting? It baffles me as it seems like a really dangerous hobby. I actually understand skydiving, bungee jumping, or climbing Everest, because they are controlled risks, but white water rafting seems very chaotic. I thought skydiving was just a series of safety procedures, whereas white water rafting is something challenging even to experts, especially at category 5. Definitely. The whole process is tedious and time wasting. If an agent can help skip one interview out of five and increase odds 10%, that's good. In order of impact: * Stop looking for "opportunities" until I need one. This means entertaining recruiters, personal branding, networking, coupons/free stuff, freelance sites, side projects, meeting sales people. 80% of errands I didn't want came from this. The only exception is helping people who ask for help. * Getting the hardest thing done a day. Sometimes this means getting rest and sleeping at 9 PM. * If it feels bad to the point I rant for nights to my wife about it, get rid of it. Fire that guy, send that email, yell at the boss, quit that job, destroy that rival. Sometimes it costs me all my daily willpower to do this one thing, and I end up too tired to do anything else. It's always worth it. * Focus days. Basically these totally monastic days, where I stay away from all entertainment and think on a problem, except for family time. You know that moment you get an idea in the shower? When avoiding all entertainment, you get that moment all day, and it wanders off to something useful, not about how to optimize my build for a game. * Never directly working past 6 PM. Daydreaming about work is fine but don't write anything. * Getting 7 hours of sleep a night. 1 extra hour of sleep allowed 2 more hours of difficult work. * L-Theanine * Exercise regularly in mornings. * Disposable prototypes. If I feel unsure if something could be done or unsure how to do it, build something that will be disposed later. Forcing myself to throw it away also keeps me from adding stuff I don't actually need and keeps me from paralyzing perfectionism. * Don't emotionally focus on something. Bad things hurt, but focus on getting back up or away from the pain. Don't let it distract. * Yes, fear/depression/anger increase productivity 500%. But the side effects are very bad. Why not? It's like someone opening a grocery store a few blocks away from a Walmart. Let the customers decide. They already have a head start in terms of both loyalty and grabbing the easy market, so it's not immoral. I would actually look for much less time. Maybe about 3 months to clone. If you can't go that fast, you could try resegmenting that market and focusing on something smaller. Possibly not. You can try, it's quite safe. I take it with no caffeine at all because I caffeine stresses me out during deadlines. I agree. Marriage is for the loyalty. When you are 100% loyal and committed to something, it unlocks a lot of new experiences. I liken it to a sports team. You can enjoy wins, but when your team wins or loses, you savor it a lot more. Marriage is not about having more stuff or winning in life. But you enjoy what you have more, and it absorbs the lows in life. There's also a saying in entrepreneurship - you need a cofounder to get places because it keeps you emotionally fortified when things get bad. Marriage does that function. Marriage lets you bounce ideas off someone. You can do so with a girlfriend or regular friends, but it's not the same as sharing with someone who is equally invested in your life. Cutting out BS from my life. Quitting a job. Firing a client. Breaking up with a girl. Talking with recruiters I don't like. It never gets better. Just cut it when there's enough evidence to support. Scott Adams is a clever guy, but referring him as "the creator of Dilbert" makes the advice sound like satire :p Also Cal Newport, MIT computer scientist, says a similar thing - do things that are rare and valuable, which he calls "career capital". I'd recommend the book, So Good They Can't Ignore you. I've done a few startups, one successful, many failed. The one successful startup was with someone I met online. I bought his book, he added me on Facebook. We trolled each other a lot and became friends. When I asked him to join as a cofounder, it was the second time I met him in person. On the other hand, the biggest failure was something I did with a former best friend and roommate. He was a true hustler, but his approach was very different to mine. He would lie, cheat, and outright refuse to pay partners. One startup also failed, with a person I knew for years, but not very well. It was a good idea, very solid market. But startups are mentally exhausting and neither of us could push hard enough. I think the key is really whether you would trust this person. Would you hang out and talk with them for no reason? Would you add them on Facebook? It's a major red flag if you don't. Basically, would you marry this person? Because that is what a startup really is like. You literally share the same hotel room at times. Sometimes the office is the hotel room. You have to be that comfortable with them. And you have to make sacrifices. You're sacrificing years of your career for the dreams of this person. You might be sacrificing your relationships with others. I know a person who never saw his newborn son until the baby died, because he was busy with his startup. It doesn't really matter if you know them for years or days. What really matters is that you're willing to put everything aside and commit to them. Double digits of customers is... 10? That is awesome if it's B2B, rather poor if B2C. Revenue is always a really good sign though. Or otherwise they know each other for years online. I've seen some good partnerships happen with neither party ever seeing one another. They could be selling the data too. A lot of major corporations in my country seem to collecting and selling user data. You should probably examine really closely why they do this. My hypotheses are: 1. They are doing it to purposely be unproductive. It's like in school where kids would ask the smartest kids in the class to bring down the grading curve by telling them to relax or hang out more. 2. They see you as a threat. This could be for the above reason, it could be because of your background. The hazing and insulting comments support this. This might also go into a lot of things that you haven't mentioned. Like some people saw me as a threat when I was the only developer who didn't have to work at the office. It might also be that you're staying in later or coming in earlier, skip lunch, aren't going out on drinks with them, aren't engaging in some workplace ritual. Hypotheses should be tested, then you can work on solving the problem. I would recommend the Benjamin Franklin approach. Ben was ambitious, but he was bad at reading people early in life. He was screwed multiple times for standing his ground or proving that he was right. He eventually learned to roll with the punches, to fit in even though he thought it was wrong and unproductive. You probably want to quit later, but it might be a good exercise to find out what you're doing wrong so you don't face the same issue in the future. Gaming and debating with people on the Internet. I like progressively increasing my skill. I have to force myself to do passive things like watching TV. Even then, I need shows that are 'active', like Rick and Morty or Game of Thrones, where I can reverse engineer characters, think up conspiracy theories, or do something . The problem is that my choice of relaxation is active, and thus draining. I get better at these things, but it sucks away my attention from things like programming. I like the pain of improving skills, and games are perfect at this. Online debating too, because it takes only 10 minutes to come up with a well phrased answer. Progress at programming is also very jerky. You end up hitting a lot of walls, being forced to debug something, or realize that the plan you spend 2 weeks on was wrong. The problem is usually very vague so there's a meta where you have to figure out what problem we're trying to solve first and whether we have resources for this solution. Maybe the priest tried contacting God, but got a busy line. So they normally just handle it on their own when that happens. Also if you're ambitious, college is one of the best places to meet cofunders and see what the latest up and coming tech is, and discern it from sci fi. Muslim here. I'm open to being convinced. In fact, if you want to convince me, my inbox is open. I think it is possibly the most important question to decide on, so I'd appreciate honest discussion. Most online discussions are rarely civil because they're a little dishonest. IMO, there is always going to be lack of evidence for or against. Agnosticism is logical, but I would rather just pick something and experiment with it. There's a theological/philosophical aspect of belief. But in the end, there will always be too little evidence and we have to pick something. Theological reasoning: 1. First, it's not a problem we can solve. We're too busy living our lives, working 40 hours a day. Tech and society in the last 3000 years hasn't helped us with the problem at all. It's almost certain that someone in the past has figured it out, with all the nobles spending their time on something. It's possible some knowledge was destroyed, but for the most part, it's best to work with existing frameworks. 2. Religions are at their best as soon as they become popular. After a few generations, they become corrupted as they're an easy way to seize power. So be wary of anything that wasn't part of the original teachings. 3. I think a God is inevitable. You have all these planets out there, some billions of years older than ours. Even if a God didn't create the universe, it's likely that one life form has spawned a godlike entity, at least compared to ours. 4. I don't believe that God is infinitely omnipotent or omnipowerful. But relatively so. As in God might be able to destroy Earth in seconds, but that doesn't necessarily mean he can teleport or possess people. 5. Multiple gods are unlikely, because they'd be conflicted if ruling the same space. If there are other gods, they might be governing other planets or universes. But it doesn't matter. In the case of humans, it's likely that there is one God governing us. 6. If God doesn't care about us, then there is no purpose to this exercise. Earth would be accidental, like an old can of soup which bacteria somehow developed from, and we would be the bacteria. If God doesn't care, then there will never be enough evidence to work from and this could well be the case. 7. But the Abrahamic God really seems to care. 8. If God cared, he would at least let us know before destroying us for being infidels. Hence the Prophets - Jesus, Moses, Muhammad, etc. 9. Muhammad was also an outstanding individual, very brilliant and lucky. He's either a genius or divinely guided. Not a lot of people go from being an outcast in his 50s to building an empire that conquers Byzantine Rome and the Persians. Practical reasoning: 1. Pascal's Wager. 2. A variation of Pascal's Wager: I can't see a situation where I'd be happier in life, as an atheist. The Buddhism approach of "life is suffering/impermanent" seems to be the logical outlook. A life as an atheist would mean living in constant existential crisis. I donate, without anyone seeing my donations, because I feel God would reward me for it. Maybe God doesn't actually care, but it makes my life pleasant to think he does. Religion acts as a placebo. Why would I want to remove a placebo if it works? 3. The Prophet Muhammad and his companions were great role models. People seem to point out his marriage life as a negative, but the other 99% of his life were great. Very honest, friendly, forgave enemies, very down to earth despite their power. If Muhammad says believe in Allah, then I'd do so. 4. I think life has to be anchored on to something. Should I take Job A or Job B? Which brings me closer to God? Is Job A more sinful? Sinful isn't just sex, drugs and murder. It can be subtle things like usury, which is profitable, and very well respected. 5. If God cares that we believe, then we should be fine asking for things. God has near unlimited resources; we could basically ask for anything without annoying him, and the act of prayer is also an act of worship because it demonstrates our faith. 6. Completely anecdotal, but Allah answers my prayers. I pray for money, I receive quite a lot of money. I pray to meet people for guidance, I get to meet people who give guidance. I pray for parking, a parking spot opens up. I pray for a banana in the desert, someone gives me a banana the next morning. I got it off Robert Greene's Mastery, the chapter on people being an obstacle to mastery. There's a whole manual on this, what to do and why: http://www.vipassana.com/meditation/mindfulness_in_plain_eng... A lot of insights I've learned there, like why people sit straight and full lotus cross legged instead of leaning back in a chair. Or how just sitting down doing nothing helps you reach enlightenment. I would pick Google easily. They're working on a product I can't live without. They don't have "the largest open office in the world". Edge, so you can be rebellious. It has good debug tools too. With regards to point 4, the 99 names of Allah supports this. It's very precise on which parts Allah is powerful at, e.g. The Creator, The Raiser of the Dead. There is still omnipotence, just not infinitely so. Also if you look at wording, it's things like "Most Merciful" rather than infinitely merciful. Company project? Google's design sprint is good methodology. Personal project? 1. Market research. If it's something worth doing, someone else has done a similar solution. Ideally, the competitor is a hacky solution, built off some forum, community, or an Excel sheet, and has become really tedious. If there is no competitor, there is no market. 2. Pull feature lists out of their feedback of that tool. A couple of hours reading reviews and Reddit discussions does a better job than focus groups. 3. Hack a disposable prototype. Key word disposable. It will be buggy and ugly but do a better job than the existing tool. The key is to gather information. 4. Get feedback from the prototype. Ideally do this in person - you want to see the point where people get excited. 5. Focus on the features people love. Think about suggestions and complaints. Don't implement immediately, but find out why they ask for it. 6. Iterate and improve. Oh that's interesting. I do the same thing but treat it as an engineering process. Arguably, Google is making a closed world with Google. Browse the internet on a Google browser, using a Google phone operating system. Google reads all your emails and hears what you say at home. Soon we'll be riding to work in Google cars. It's worse than Microsoft and surprising they got so far. But I guess when your motto is "Don't be evil", people trust you. I mean competitors in solving a similar problem, not using the same approach. The competitor to the iPhone was the smartphone - a device running on Symbian with 9 buttons, Java apps, and Internet access. Or Blackberry. Android and a third unsuccessful operating system was also in development at the same time. The Wright brothers had plenty of well funded competitors. The competitor to the car was the horse. The competitor to transistors was vacuum tubes. Reddit - forums Airbnb - hotels Uber - taxis Amazon - book stores Blue Apron - grocery stores + recipe sites There are some exceptions. I'm sure time travel and teleportation has a huge market. But does it? It's difficult to invent teleportation because there is no attack. Many inventions are variations on others. And when teleportation is possible, it would still compete with transportation. Prices would anchor on to existing transportation. Why would I teleport to school and risk cancer if I could take a bus? Why would I pay a hundred thousand dollars to teleport to my parents' house if I can just fly to get there in 4 hours and $100? There are plenty of use cases for teleportation but these have to solve existing problems better. Sending things to space for example, or sending TVs from US to UK. The case is similar with any other technology, whether it's AR or AI. You can seemingly apply them everywhere, but a good start is to apply them to something they're not solving. I did own one of those Symbian phones for a long time and only switched to a Samsung S2 later on. The iPhone 1 had worse games and was too expensive for the regular things like calls, SMS, music, and photos. Something like Bell Labs did a lot of great work in the past while separated from the world. A lot of research institutions do too. I live in Malaysia. A lot of these places have become co-working spaces - loud, crowded, located right in the middle of a traffic jam area. Many are not free from distraction either. A lot of people in these places are paying to network, so you get accosted by networking types while running a train of thought. Something like a university library would probably be ideal. Environment is just nice for focusing, no harrasment, good coffee, and walking/public transportation access. There appears to be a very big demand for a more private world, it seems. A lot of people here do see what's under the hood and it's a natural reaction to want to go back to the good old days when people respected privacy. Outlook/Hotmail still hasn't figured it out. It seems to get it 50% wrong, putting important email in junk, and highlighting phishing mail. There are thousands of them. The online tests are a good quick solution for filtering people early on. A good bet would be the ones who don't get a long list of applicants, so not someone advertising on a major portal. Is it really that useful to have a large secondary monitor? I have a 28" 4K and it can already show 2-3 files side by side. I just use the secondary monitor to display code. Playing devil's advocate here, it's possible they think they're doing the intern a favor by teaching them, as opposed to an educational institution where they have to pay to learn. The intern is not expected to get work done. Also the really smart people tend to have a lot of choices. Anything too tedious actually puts off the people who have a lot of choices, so you're left with people who really want the job or just enjoy the challenges. I find that there's momentum for most of them. If someone liked your last post, they're more likely to like the next one. If their friends 'wow' react your post, you're more likely to get a higher ratio of 'wow'. If you (visibly) hit 20 upvotes, it's easy to get to 80. Facebook: Emotional content is extremely popular, so much so that many "influencers" choose to be continually angry or sarcastic. Second is things that are shocking or surprising. Instagram: Really beautiful pictures first. Use hashtags that get a lot of traffic; hashtags are like a highway, they're how people browse. Good stories matter too, and it's surprisingly a great place to blog as long as you take good photos. Being pretty will earn you a lot of followers but isn't necessary. Stack Overflow: Write in a format easy to copy paste or step by step instructions. Theoretical posts don't do well. HN: Productivity advice is very easy to farm, e.g. how to stop procrastinating. A lot of people are experienced; some Dilbert style criticism on bad work habits is easy rep. But jokes and hyperbole get downvoted. Don't write too much, around 200 words is ideal. It runs very well on my 16GB RAM. I find a lot of the speed is in internet and hard drive speed. It opens up a full project in 3 seconds with a SSD, assuming there aren't too many dependencies. Is this effective? I've never used vim, but Android Studio is great as an IDE. It has lots of autocomplete for tedious things like layouts, the shortcuts open up files as needed, and it highlights more effective ways to do things. This is extra useful for Kotlin. It also seems like a good way to promote Kotlin, which could be JetBrains's cash cow. I worked with a SaaS company, the type that builds software that other companies depend completely on. This company was around for many years. They pushed new code straight to the production server/DB. No safeguards. They didn't implement any source control. All new code is emailed to the project manager and engineers filled in a form explaining changes. Project management is done on a checklist. In Excel. Schedules are in spreadsheet tables. It was all managed in emails. People would have dozens of copies of the schedules and often pulled the wrong one in a rush. Dsspite all this email traffic, the company emails had very low size limits. A week of work and the inboxes would be full. So people would regularly drop stuff. Staff were not native English speakers. They regularly typoed things and were not consistent. On some days, the API would be "product" then "prodduk" then "products" (actual variable name changed for privacy). So, app developers had to change their code to work around this API. What most investors fund is something that creates value, and then convert that value to cash later. Creating value is the hard part. It's not always about a company's profitability either. Startups focus on exponentially growing their assets rather than cash flow then selling it all to someone else. Like Facebook can make more wealth from WhatsApp than they could do by themselves. Of course, profitability is often close to the actual value something creates. Twitter is a really odd case in that it's a big part of many people's lives, but they won't pay for it. Increasing expenses by reinvesting it is also a good way to lower taxes. Partly because feedback makes a lot of people feel worse. It's emotionally exhausting to phrase something in a tactful way. Something as simple as "not good enough team" is very, very difficult to phrase properly. Maybe the team just doesn't feel smart enough. Maybe they have that one guy who they instinctively feel is a douche after meeting thousands like him, but can't explain why they feel that way. Maybe the team is smart but immature. Maybe they realize they could actually be wrong about the whole team and don't want to give false feedback. I did so, at quite a profit. There are a lot of good programmers in India and Bangladesh happy to work for very low prices, and they love contracts with a straightforward "Build stuff, just copy from this example file". Don't outsource the core. Assume that whatever they do, you're not going to touch the code and don't need to fix it. Cheap freelancers tend to be fast and messy, really ugly code. Don't ask them to make vital things like the API or database. In general, the cheap ones from poor countries are terrible with design. They get fonts too big, too gray, etc, even when you give them clear instructions. Not judging, but it's just my general observation what to be careful about. But I find that fresh graduates and students can be very precise with design. For me, the best thing to outsource was some R&D. Dragging a map marker on Google map. Integrating YouTube video into an app. Doing Facebook logins. You can probably get these done for as low as $15, especially with unproven freelancers who are happy to get a positive track record. Upwork has been the best for me. It's a really bad environment for freelancers, which puts the buyer at an advantage. Be sure to test that they can read instructions - this can be as simple as asking them to repeat in their own words what the project requirement is. The key to success is on how well you interview and filter people, so don't skimp on this. Likely the same way Java does, licensing. But programming languages have to be adopted by a lot of people before they become really valuable. The responsibility. Especially for CEO. There's nobody left to cover you. Nobody to blame for a bad decision, or even for a lack of decision. When things aren't going well, it's all you and your flaws. When your spouse is asking how you pay the bills, you can't blame anyone but yourself for the salary you take in. When things go very well and suddenly a competitor or market shift blindsides you, it's all your fault for not acting on it earlier. When you take a major gamble and fail, it's you. Or even if you don't take any gambles, your fault for being a coward. I use it to test out other productivity habits - sleep, exercise, meditation, nootropics, etc. Yes, it's possible to have some false flags, like working on an easy project will produce a lot more hours. But if you cater for such things it's a great tool. Like LOC, it should not be your sole metric, just things that you track along with everything else. What I have been doing, to some success, is just finding products that have a lot of demand. If I can do something that's 10x better in a brief period of time, I do so. It's usually really easy to tap into an existing market than building from scratch. startup idea: watches that store bitcoin The goal of cryptocurrency is to be used as currency. Few people are using it as an actual currency. So it will potentially go much higher until people start using it for digital purchases, much like credit cards are used today. Even when it is at that size, it would still grow slowly, similar to gold. It is very much a bubble at this point - something many people buy to sell off at a higher price. The difference between the crypto bubble and many other bubbles is that it's still much less than the potential value. So personally, I hold on to Bitcoin, which is already stable and proven. The others look good too but are still at very high risk of failure. I have no regrets not buying earlier because they were all uncertain in the past. I have done a few startups. Have some management experience in one successful and several failed startups. Location: Malaysia Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Very willing, as long as I can bring my wife and children. Technologies: Android, some JavaScript/Node.JS full stack, Parse Server Résumé/CV: http://syedmuzani.com/resume.pdf Email: smuzani (a) gmail.com This guy created a very epic game while doing his PhD: http://www.ultimaratioregum.co.uk/game/ I imagine he must have gotten tired for similar reasons as you and just wanted to build something. I would do it once other people have done it for years with no bad experiences. There's not a lot of safety features needed. School bus drivers tend to be poorly educated and a little creepy, but there has been no history of kidnapping a child. Market value is based mostly on emotion. A lot of people buying into the hype have heard of BTC, but not as many have heard of ETH. People are mostly buying it to resell it. BTC price goes up because BTC price is going up. ETH price is not going up because it's not going up. Sometimes the inferior technology wins too as long as it's been adopted more widely. Cryptocurrency value is based heavily on network effects. YC playbook covers most of it: http://playbook.samaltman.com/ Paul Graham - basically I love reading 100% of what he writes. Everything brings unique insights and it's encouraging to see the hacker mindset in someone so experienced. Joel Spolsky - also a great writer. Chris Sawyer - anyone who could write a full game in assembly is really badass I have programming students who come from some business or sales backgrouns. They feel guilty that they wasted all those years of experience. I tell them the same thing, the hardest thing about consulting is simply getting paid and agreeing on terms of work. +1 on identifying all the warning signs. I've done a lot of contracts, many unpaid. All have the same signs. A major symptom is that many of my worst clients are both impressive and repulsive. We have decades of experience with people (yes, even us needs) and whatever your instincts are about someone, it's probably right. The bad ones are also better at manipulating the contracts. Malaysian here. I'm surprising a Comcast issue would reach all the way here. I noticed a lot of sites were working really badly, thought it was some problem with AWS or some damaged internet artery cable. You might just not have seen good art. Like someone who has tasted only dark chocolate might summarize that they simply "don't like chocolate". I find that good art is actually a way of crystallizing and capturing emotions of a period of time. Many of those emotions don't resonate with us as they were in some period of history unfamiliar with us. Music tends to capture emotions much better. There's the anger in Eminem's music, the helplessness of Linkin Park, the depression of Nirvana, ambition and energy of Queen. Art paintings and sculptures tends to target art viewers. It's not meant to just be beautiful but say something. Like memes, they much of it is a fresh take on a common thought of the period. But looking at it as an outsider, they're hard to get. You might appreciate architecture more. There are things like animated sculptures or huge ones crafted from steel. Or things more subtle, playing with light. Or if you want things that captures and enhances natural beauty, photography and food is a kind of art too. But what I find to be the rawest kind of art is war memorials. The most memorable art experience for me was visiting war memorials in Canberra. You can also go to places like Holocaust museums. Networking is very slow, long term growth though. Besides the equity, that sounds like every other startup around the world. I've done both restaurants and tech. I had to think for a really long time which one to focus on. It just so happened that the startup hype kicked in around that time. Tech is mentally exhausting. Really short but painful hours. Food & beverage is not exactly tiring, but the hours are very long. With tech consulting, you might be working 4-6 hours a day, with restaurants, expect around 14 hours/day. One involves a lot of slow, deep work, the other involves lots of rapid, shallow work. With tech, you can get away with 0 employees, and everyone you hire is smarter than you. With restaurants, you regularly hire idiots who sleep while at work, don't show up, can't read simple instructions, steal from the charity jar. It's highly frustrating. It also drains a huge cut from your daily sales, which might seem like a lot until you look at profits. It's really tempting to do a restaurant, because it's sort of "stable" source of income. But tech is much better and once you get tired of it all, you can just sell everything off at a higher price. I've built many successful forums and chat rooms. You don't get "friends", you usually start off as a fork of an existing community. You first need a group of people who want to talk about something. I actually designed some of my communities to have sock puppet accounts. I never had to use it, because people just clicked and used it. So if you're going to build a fitness community app, you should probably be in several fitness WhatsApp groups or Facebook/Reddit groups and so on. Would you review others for a fee? I recommend finding something you can do better (which is not a to-do app) and cloning that. Look for something poorly done in an existing market. There are a lot of these, and they can either be done better or resegmented into a certain type of market. Mohammed bin Salman is allegedly a lot more moderate than the past leaders. Dictatorships can be extremely good or extremely bad. Anti corruption moves, if true, are much easier to pull off with bureaucracy (and laws) out of the way. I'm hoping it will go back to the days of the French or Ottoman empires. These guys are extremely powerful people. Even under house arrest, MBS risks assassination and worse for such a bold move. The least they could do is keep them detained comfortably. Honestly, I could understand why. Einstein is regarded as one of the best scientists in history, when there are so many other great scientists. He might have been a genius, but even he would question whether he was the best, especially since he did most of his best work at an early age. People have said this about apps and it's still going. I think eventually ML will become a grunt job like Android, PHP and so on. Hipchat just feels really enterprisey. Like those CRMs when you sign up for a trial then suddenly some guy just schedules a meeting - would you be free to Skype Monday or Tuesday? While I don't know whether Hipchat actually does this, part of the reason I don't want to sign up is because there's some worry that some guy in a suit would be sending me lots of emails about when a good time to meet is. Slack just feels casual, like Trello or Google Docs. I've engineered a couple of "coups" before. Both times it was with "hustler" cofounders. The type who promise big but deliver nothing. 50% share, but does 10% of the work and 10% of the financing. Generally, the trick is to just do more work than your share. If you and your partners own 25% each, each of you should do about 30% of the work. This is an illusion of course, but everyone has their strengths. It might take some of you more work to do design, so it feels like the designer does a lot of work. Or one guy could land a huge contract. It's very difficult to actually get ousted. Investors and acquirers hate that kind of drama. It hurts every other aspect of the company. It's often a last resort before dissolving the company. When it happens, there's usually no other choice. But usually they're still shareholders. It can be difficult or easy, much like dealing with kids after a divorce. Facebook and Reddit are both great places to have a mature discussion on tech. But which groups you join matter a lot. Neither highlights new things as well as HN, but I feel median comment quality is better there. I'll consider doing it for $20/day. Not just topics but comments. Maybe cheaper if a lot of others subscribe as well. Karma seems to hit me a lot harder here than most sites. I think a lot of the negative ones just feels unfair, like someone didn't properly read what I wrote, or didn't like the joke. But most of the time it's good feedback because it means I didn't explain something properly or simply didn't bring anything interesting to the conversation. > 33 Strategies of War > 48 Laws of Power I keep going back to it because it applies in almost every conflict in life, from competitors to personal relationships to office politics. It's also very entertainingly written. > The Checklist Manifesto I know it cover to cover but someone impressive always keeps recommending it and I go back for a reread. Alas, it isn't very practical for a software engineer, where you face different situations daily. I really wish it was because I want it to work. > Never Split the Difference Negotiation is a very emotional thing. Most of the time it's simply negotiating with kids or the spouse. This book is completely amazing for it, but a lot of techniques feel unnatural. I brush up to find techniques I was using wrong or simply to remind myself to focus on empathy. > Deep Work > Mastery > Peak Performance > The Art of Learning > The Power of Habit My go to motivational books. The article does a good job of highlighting some problems of versioning but I don't think the solution it proposes is any better. The format of Product A Version B.c seems to be most actionable as long as it's consistent. A could be a major shift in the product. So something like Windows 98, Windows 2000, iPhone 3 and 4, Android Gingerbread and ICS. Version B would update whenever it's unstable and possibly breaking. So a version 2.0 or 3.0 would introduce lots of new things, but new things tend to be unstable, even after extensive testing. Version .c is more stable as the number increases. So a version 4.88 is more stable than version 4.81 I don't see how more dots (e.g. version 4.81.2 of 4.81c) are actionable. As the article brings up, the problem is when the defaults highlight to a new shiny unstable version instead of a stable older one. So the defaults should point to the highest c number, just a version below B. If the latest build is Version 7.2, the stable build might be 6.214. I did a similar price but for a bit more traction - we had about 3k MAU but they were all really obsessed with the product. I had a lot of debt at the time and not a lot of options. Was burnt out. And I hated my target market (they were literally cultish). I think I could have gotten more for it, but we'll never know. We calculated the value as the revenue but the acquriers looked at downloads, number of emails in the database, brand name. The trick is don't talk about price if you don't want to sell. Just keep going, keep getting good growth until it hits a plateau where you'd like to stop. http://www.paulgraham.com/corpdev.html A similar 'mafia' pattern emerges in a lot of other organizations, whether it's other countries or even something like games. You can see it in places like a younger Google or Pixar. A main requirement appears to be that these organizations are underdogs. The pattern would not emerge in post acquisition PayPal for example, or something like Google or Facebook. It's not just smart people. Bell Labs had really smart people but they were not powerful. While they are underdogs, they are also well funded. They are not starving startups, but mid sized organizations. This gives everyone room to grow and plenty of challenges. Chemistry among the talent is also unusually strong. Leaders have to be open minded, willing to make risky moves. Another sign is that the members are usually willing to give up much better offers for what they have. People very rarely quit the group, and usually these are the kind of people who regularly get offers from top companies. It's a black hole - it sucks smart people from all over. And finally, there needs to be some bigger bad out there that unites them to focus. This could be something like a IPO. It could be a much larger competitor. Or it could be them against the world. This pressures them to stay united, work together against a common threat. Usually this is the missing link that prevents any regular group of smart people from becoming a mafia. This pressure builds camaraderie and creates unusual growth. A cow for $100 seems extremely cheap. Either that or cows where I live are much too expensive. The war horse seems about right to me though. For those times, it would be similar to a luxury car or a bulldozer. I'm quite intrigued that this essay pops up every few years. It seems to resonate deeply with certain people for some reason, like they've been searching for something and this essay unlocks it. That's interesting. SoftBank invested a similar amount into their rivals Grab to head up against Uber. https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/23/grab-raises-2b-from-didi-c... I had an older phone with 4 GB space. I could keep about 15 apps running on it. A lot of these apps were important - Waze, WhatsApp, Slack, Uber, camera, etc. So that left me switching between a budget of about 60 MB for games and unnecessary apps, though I can squeeze in a little more by clearing all the caches. Now suddenly Samsung bugs me to update to the latest version of Android. The new update would take up hundreds of megabytes. My space was already highly limited. I eventually gave in to curiosity and updated to Lollipop. The phone became unusable because I didn't have the space to install the apps I needed. I think the key here is that you're hiring remote. The market rate is global salaries. You might look at around $25 (junior/South Asian) to $60 (senior). Even developed countries hiring someone in a poorer country stick to close to these rates for long term contracts. I know a lot of people who want to work for someone, myself included. It's a kind of tribal mindset. While not too rare, they often want to join the best tribe. Which is usually places like Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Goldman Sachs. Or places like Medium, Asana, Atlassian, Pivotal. These people want to find a good leader and follow them anywhere. Rarer are the people who are joining a company to try to improve it or make a difference. They tend to go for rapidly rising startups, or startups with a solid core. They are good followers and also good leaders, but they are perhaps the pickiest of all. You either have to prove to them that you are the best leader or that you're rising rapidly. Often you might have to entice them with a bit of equity to let them feel like part of the tribe. But if you believe that working for people is bad, they might sense that and not feel like it's a cohesive tribe. So I would work on getting them to feel like they fit in and have some ownership in the company (or at least ownership of their code). I don't write it there. I utilize 'ambient thought'. What I rather do is look at difficult code before the commute. My brain will subconsciously work it out. However in this period, you can't think about other things - no looking at your phone or checking out people on the train. IMO it's no coincidence a lot of people get their ideas in the shower or on the toilet seat. I'll also bet that ideas on the toilet seat are rarer now thanks to mobile phones. Be careful of blue ocean ideas though. Most of the time, the market might not exist yet. The ocean is blue because there's nothing to feed on there. Honestly after a recent home renovation, I found myself a little envious I didn't take house building as a career. It's definitely skilled labor and in high demand. It's not a "sexy" job - you'd be more likely to get a date telling someone you're a software developer than a plumber. But the low prestige of the job seems to make it worth .kre. I did have a CMO/COO for my first company. Transitioned him to equity and cofounder status after a few months with him. It turned out to be an awesome deal. He got us acquired in the end because of his connections and hard work. The thing is that for maximum stability, most businesses need a cofounder. Partly to bounce ideas off, to keep you focused and slap you when you get distracted, and to act as an emotional pillar when things inevitably go bad. For a lot of solo founders, their real co-founder is actually a family member: brother, spouse, daughter/son. If your first hire is the only person you're bouncing ideas off, they deserve a co-founder title. An employee, even as a right hand man, will have much more difficulty shaking sense into you. Another thing to consider is that putting someone as cofounder status makes this company their life focus. How much would that improve his performance? It's normal for cofounders to not take put money in and take salary, they just get a much lower share. One digit equity normally. But the drawback is that one digit equity doesn't qualify for a cofounder status. Maybe you can start with 5% but offer to sell him an additional 10%. I switched to a few weeks ago but it seems really laggy recently whenever I'm running Youtube in the background while on the private mode. I don't trust Chrome at all, and I'd much rather use Firefox, but it's unusable for me. Why are there downvotes for this? Very honest thoughts. Did not see it this way. I aspired to become a VC once but after a long hard look at it, I'm not sure if I wanted to anymore. They destroy a lot of companies that would otherwise do well. It's no secret though, the good ones admit it. Salary range What they do - pitch it to me like you would pitch an investor. If you're hiring people solely on tech stack, the team is likely pretty bad. Tech stack, but not too rigid. I want to know whether a company uses React or Laravel, but not every single library. Interview process Some hint that the recruiters are competent and that the office isn't terrible. Which is just to know that the team I'll be working with is good. I've done stock trading before, with many of the tools. I'm skeptical of how good a tool for crypto can be. A lot of the reasons for spikes and crashes are emotional, and not really a consistent pattern. Something like Bitcoin is going so strong because it had gone 'mainstream' and is vulnerable. There are several bubbles going on at the same time, one pops and crashes while the others keep growing. But ETH is still a niche and doesn't really have all the pops and crashes, so one can't just apply the same pattern across all cryptocurrencies. But it's something interesting if it can be done. It's a matter of principle. I think most people just have this plan of working hard until 65. They're deeply unhappy with this. They sacrifice joy, comfort, relationships, and family to live this dream of survival. They value others who suffer similarly. Benefit scroungers have some level of comfort without the hard work. I don't even tell people I live comfortably freelancing anymore because people have such a negative perception of it. I may work 20 hours a week at double the effort but all people see is that I'm being lazy for not doing a full 40 hour week. Whereas people have this perception of a rich person working weekends, waking up at 4 AM, getting divorced to make their company work. And so people empathize more with the corrupt rich. Soft debt collector is a huge pronlem though. I don't think AR is the best fix, but if someone can do it just slightly better, I'd be willing to throw a lot of money at it. AI communicator for dogs is hilarious though. It follows the (Buzzword) for Dogs pattern everyone jokes about. oh derp, I actually noticed that a couple of times but there's so many "AR for X" startups that I get them confused. I thought the same thing too. It's quite sad that talking to people is usually limited to dating, and dating has become a domain of Tinder. I remember an era when chat rooms like IRC had thousands of people online at a time. It didn't scale past this, but it was very exciting. Maybe there is a market for something like a real-time Reddit, but it's a lot harder to pull off because there needed to be many people on at the same time before it could but critical mass. I expected microtransaction games to take off, but not in the form of "pay to win" as it is today. I expected things like buying side quests or episodes for games. People could just pay for as much content as they would play. It would have been similar to how musicians could sell singles instead of albums. Paradox games and CS:GO seem to have adopted this model very well but it never happened in mobile games, where microtransactions would have been most successful. It also depends a lot of the kind of company it is. I had a few profit sharing offers from a social media company. Mostly it was to get their e-commerce component off the ground. It seemed like a poor deal to sign so early, as opposed to a company that is already making profits. If something like a CRM or other B2B company offered profit sharing it would be a much better deal. An ESOP deal for things that monetize poorly is better, a profit sharing deal with something rolling in cash flow is better. Often employees are not risk takers. If they wanted risk, many would be founders. Just paint it really clearly how much they would get out of it and in some cases expect them to be skeptical, not of your word, but of your optimism. My favorite example is "are lemons acidic?" It's full of "alkaline diet" sites trying to SEO itself into convincing people that lemons are good for you because they're an alkaline. It's become a little less inaccurate over the years but is still dodgy. Then again the answers are so consistent and I'm so used to trusting the first page of Google that I'm almost convinced that lemons alkalinize your body. Unfortunately, people have extremely high trust of Google. People use Google to win arguments. People use Google as a replacement for text books. For cases like this, there shouldn't be a factual answer box. It would be really bad if people could just SEO Google into saying whatever 'truth' that's profitable. Android. Though a lot of the work I do is "full stack", Android is what earns me the jobs. Biggest income source was selling an app startup, where 90% of the work was Android. That event also highly accelerated my career. Got some CTO jobs and teaching jobs after that. Most of the work after that was fairly trivial, but the hook was my Android ability in all those opportunities. I had a lot of contracts fail because the team I joined were not competent in APIs so I wonder if things would have turned out better if I was better with setting up APIs. Software is very rarely perfect though. There are some rare cases like Winamp and Photoshop where there's just not much to add. I do find projects like Dwarf Fortress very charming in that there's an endless supply of new things to look forward to. I love these habit tracking apps. It's better than the others without all the feature bloat. But not really helpful unless it can be a phone app. But personally I'm looking for more of a SOP kind of app. Like every work morning I'll take my nootropic stack, set aside my things to do list, meditate, pray, etc. I don't do this on non work days, and my work days aren't exactly Mon-Fri either. On some days I have to do a Skype call and there's a list of things to do then - turn off fan & windows, check mic, put on a collared shirt. There hasn't been any apps that help me set up a 'habit checklist' for certain situations. It would be good to just choose what routines I want to do today or tomorrow. The difference is that it's a choice whether to use Google and Facebook. A lot of people are disagreeing with Facebook and there's a movement to gradually move off it. Google at least tries to appear neutral, letting people search for everything short of child porn, even the highly illegal or dangerous. CDNs seem exceptionally powerful though. I wonder if someone could just do a Twitch channel. Similar to those "study with me" Youtube videos, but with a human on the other side. I treat programming as a language. You understand it by going in hard and not trying to understand. If you learn it by trying to dictionary lookup every word, it's really slow. Instead, you try to understand the context of a sentence, and then the words back from there. So what I do is I read the table of contents and intro. Intro usually covers what makes the book different and has instructions on how to use it. You'll find a few pillars. Like if you're reading an algorithm book you'll see Big O notation mentioned a few times. Focus on those pillars. Spend more time on them. Maybe from Big O, it will give binary search as an example. Then skim the chapter on binary search and return to Big O until you master it. You'll transverse the more important parts of the book better this way. Many books are not strictly meant to be linear. I also recommend transversing content in this way as fast as possible once, in one go. Set aside about an hour to skim the entire book. You'll get the "skeleton" of the book, what holds it together. Then you focus on the pillars of the book. And once you're done with that, you can do the rest of the content you skipped. Once you read something, explain it to yourself differently to prove you've mastered the concept. This might involve doing an exercise on it. If you're familiar with it, just drawing a figure might be good enough. Also I agree with what the others have said: compare with other books on the topic and make sure it's a good one before you read anything. Normally, I also reject companies that have bad interviewers - it means that the rest of the people they actually hire are likely below average as well. Which also means poor growth, poor salary growth for you, and likelihood that you'll have to lift some of your colleagues' weight as well. Sometimes it's just the recruiting dept that's bad. I've interviewed with one company, where the recruiters were quite incompetent and insecure. Forms were extremely long, including personal things like t-shirt size and education level of siblings. But the company was quite good. It was just a side effect of a rapidly growing company not hiring the right people for those slots. People who filled in those forms just treated it as another hurdle and the tech team still remains awesome. I explore God's world, extracting meaning from God's creations. A painter doesn't try to imitate the colors, lighting, subject. A food painter would try to capture the senses - taste, moisture, saltiness, spiciness, temperature. A painter of a scene would try to extract emotions; the fear and chaos of a battle, the sexual tension in a romance. I choose to observe things in the world and extract what they're really about. I don't simply build features and observe analytics. I understand the pains of a user, the emotions, the process they work through it, their frustrations and joys. I continually try to fix problems, and fix it a little better day after day. Sometimes I choose myself as the subject for extracting meaning. I wonder why my own body and mind is so flawed and what can be done to make it better. How to heal faster, to run better, what triggers emotions like fear and procrastination. I pick one thing I'm bad at and see what makes me improve on it. Or observe why I do sins even when I know I shouldn't. I pick these flaws up, experiment and improve, or see what doesn't work. I also experiment with different philosophies and ideals, plant them as a New Year's Resolution, and see how that works out over a year. There's a good deal of enjoyment when you successfully extract meaning from something and get better and better at it each year. So, recursively, the purpose of my life is to get better at finding the purpose of my life. Evernote is the obvious answer but why isn't it working for you? I start jotting down my notes in Sublime tabs too. If I choose to save them, they go into an Evernote notebook. "Your second brain" defines Evernote's purpose well, it functions as a long term memory for notes. Search is simply Ctrl+Q and it also goes through images and docs as well if I'm not mistaken. That might be your problem too. The absolute next thing I build, after features, is a feedback pipeline. I do this before even integrating the payment gateway. Often it's in the form of some support forum or in app public chatroom. Take a close look at any comments wherever you advertise. I'd even recommend against FB/Google advertising at first because it's difficult to get feedback. Analytics might help too and you can see where people are dropping off. But they're quite inefficient. Sometimes you just have email people who signed up in person to ask them. People are usually very open to giving brief feedback; just don't drag them into some focus group or 10 minute talk. Being able to iterate based on feedback is usually the make or break point of an early stage entrepreneur. Entrepreneurship is for the insane. I think depression counts. Depression can also be source of energy and it powers creativity. It's a double edged sword; it can either drive you forward or drag you back. But don't expect it to cure your depression. The highs are high and the lows are very low. You still have things to lose - your reputation, bankruptcy, your employees' livelihood. And like an effective drug, you might actually be reliant on depression as a form of energy. Also be careful as you can easily get trapped in a bad business, making too little revenue to grow but also invested too much to quit. This is much worse than being stuck driving for Uber. It's also harder to pitch while depressed. Investors like optimism. So I would recommend something you can completely bootstrap. I'd go for low hanging fruit that you can almost immediately cash in on. You can do ecommerce on a niche. SaaS is nice but it needs a lot of time to start. Avoid things like games which are difficult to monetize. Inexperience isn't necessarily a bad thing. In fact, people tend to do better when they can't just quit for some high paying job. You will get stuck at some point, and it's usually people like you who push past the obstacles. You can check out indiehackers.com for a broad range of stories. Using a Fitbit here. I didn't buy it for the phone notifications but found it felt useful to focus. The real killer is not the calls but the other apps - email, shopping, Samsung. A lot of deals come in from Facebook messenger for me, but I don't want to actually touch Facebook. The watch is really good at this too, and telling me who it's from. Seems awfully niche. Maybe r/Nootropics would be a better place to ask. Schedule 1 drugs should be avoided, even where legal. You can probably get better results from something like Modafinil anyway. On the contrary I find contracting marketplaces to be much better environments. Toptal treats contractors more like staff, in that they provide training and things like copywriting. It's really about the pros and cons of the job. I used to say that 90% of the work in consulting is negotiating features/price and actually getting clients to pay up. Contracting marketplaces remove a lot of that risk. You might get paid less or have more limits, but it's up to you how much you want to "pay" for that kind of security. Are there any browsers that aren't an insane memory hog? It's like they just grab all the RAM on the table because nobody's using it. But what of the Chinese elements? Wood, earth, metal, fire, water. It seems like they didn't really classify it by solidness but just things that seem most abundant. One of many questions. It was more like spouse, children, parents, siblings and then a table of age, job, education level. They made it look something like it's asking for emergency contacts. I'm sure they asked pregnancy status too. Also I've heard some forms will even ask your spouse's race and religion. Very personal questions are normal where I live, but there's no law that says I have to answer them. Schedule 4 is way safer than Schedule 1 in general. Job: Senior Software Engineer, 5 years, US$12,000 (Malaysia) r/Productivity r/GetStudying r/Nootropics r/getdisciplined I remember this job interview once where they asked me my passion and I told them it was, "Productivity." The interviewers replied, "Bullshit," both at the same time. I guess they should have showed them my Reddit. Haha, this is going into my copypasta list. Fair enough on schedule 1's flaws. I meant that it hasn't really been properly tested by enough people. And there are things like ecstasy which have some fatal strands because production isn't regulated. The legal drugs will at least have much, much higher quality control and safety checks. Other drugs may give you Parkinson's or something 20 years later but it's just not tested at all on something like psilocybin. It's quite different being a 18 year old male pressuring 18 year old girls into sex and being a senior manager pressuring a new hire into sex. It is a problem when the lady doesn't feel that she has the right to say no. A manager at a billion dollar company can be more intimidating than an 18 year old with a knife. Had a 'startup salary' of RM3000/month earlier this year, but quit in August. Did a lot of freelancing too, up to RM5000/month. Never Split the Difference. It's about hostage negotiation. A lot of negotiation tricks don't work when dealing with irrational, desperate, insane people. It covers how to build rapport with these people, get them to talk themselves into supporting your argument, and just understanding people deeply enough for them to give you everything you ask for but walk away satisfied with the deal. The 33 Strategies of War & The 48 Laws of Power. Both of these are history books, but don't expect just the cliches of Napoleon and Genghis Khan. Robert Greene covers case studies throughout history, from Roosevelt to Gandhi, to some much lesser known figures of history. Basically a lot of us deal with conflict. One book covers how to deal with politically, and the other one more directly. It's not all about attacking, but rather strategies around war - defense, deterrence, motivating your side, keeping the (moral) high ground, getting your adversaries to work for you. I was going to say there's at least two a day, but that's severely understating it. I love pixel art dungeon crawlers, but the competition is completely insane. I can't build something along the lines of Terraria or Starbound given a lifetime. Glam metal isn't really a good analogy. I'd say it's more like building cathedrals. The market isn't what it used to be. They're still admirable and today's tools are better for them. But they're monumental work, even for the experienced, and you'd be insane to tackle that with 4 months of savings. I want to make a game eventually, and I'm a risk taker, but even I would save up at least 3 years before I go indie. I think you should be able to select sets of routines. Something like a morning exercise routine might go on Tue Thu Sat, but people would still want their work day and day off routines. We tried doing that but it ended up being more effort isolating the part that they would work on. 15 years ago, we were using "your TV is spying on you" as an example of how paranoid some people could be. These days, your PS4 account literally stores a picture of your face and your birth date. It's crazy how slippery the slope has become. It's like having kids. Logic says that it's better to do it later on in life but the best time is a little earlier than you think you're ready. Some people are disciplined about it. They plan and save years in advance, build skills and connections, then build a company after a well planned ritual. Some people cheat on their day jobs, working on a side project at night and on slow days at work. One day, they wake up and realize... oh no, they have 10k users and not enough time to take care of them. I've seen a startup bootstrap up to 400k monthly active users before anyone would give them seed funding. Counter theory: Higher coffee consumption might actually increase the craving for some sugary treat like donuts and banana bread, the classic companions to coffee. Its effects vary. My programming productivity drops when I'm on caffeine because I get anxious. It makes me procrastinate a lot more because I get intimidated by the work I need to do. I might use it. Facebook is too cluttered. Twitter is too short. Medium has a very high bar when it comes to aesthetics, so it's a lot of effort to write something of moderate quality. WordPress is good but it's turned into a CMS. Because "charity" is not necessarily the best place for them to put it. Lots of money goes into charity, but a lot of it is lost from inefficient spending. And few of them believe their businesses are not doing a lot of good for society. Jeff Bezos is the only one who can create an Amazon. Rockefeller improved transportation. Warren Buffet invests in businesses people are too greedy or impatient to invest in. They all believe that they're adding a lot of value to society by doing what they do. Elon Musk is good at articulating what he does, but Jeff Bezos probably believes that he's doing a lot more good for poverty in the USA by reinvesting his money into Amazon. 3-6 months time span? Ponzi Schemes are my weapon of choice. Yeah, but good luck cashing out on that $1M USD. On first glance, I thought you would do a renovation business. That could certainly make $200k in 6 months. Would real estate actually meet the conditions of being $100k to start with and double that in 6 months? Real estate seems low risk low returns. Also assuming the question means $200k cash (and not assets), would one be able to sell off real estate that fast? Poker would give better odds I think. Well it's not fully liquid. Looking at the question more strictly, it could be put in $100k, get out $200k cash. The volume is not great. You'll lose quite a bit on exchanges. It's probably the same for stocks or real estate, but something like gold is much more liquid for a million dollars. Or gambling. I don't think you can get fast, high returns at low risks. Correlation might not be the best word, but I don't know what a better word would be. I'm very happy with the ROI I got but am cashing out on my initial investment. I'll stop being skeptical the day I can buy a burger with it. Because it is designed to be a currency. If it fails to be a currency, it's essentially a scam. Maybe a middle line would be digital currency, like buying stocks, gold, books online. It's a good sign that I can make international purchases now though. Faith in BTC restored. Summary: It's about cue, routine, reward. You can't change the cue and reward, but you can modify the routine. Also the reward is often not what you think. Like some people may be alcoholics, the cue might be loneliness and the reward might be sex. It could be a habit started from bars. But later on trigger when someone has had a busy week and not enough company. Or it could continue until someone is deeply inebriated, as long as they don't meet someone. The fix would be changing the routine, like replacing alcohol with Coke, or replacing sex with pornography. Some solutions are not perfect, but behavior change boils down to this. You can also set up good habits with cue habit reward. Just keep it consistent. Interesting that this is downvoted. I don't like it because I think HN/YC should be a place to voice unpopular opinions. I think it's fine to downvote an opinion you don't like. The whole purpose of upvote/downvote would be more to 'bump' opinions you think is useful. I sometimes upvote an opinion I disagree with if I think it should be more visible. But I think most people just use it as a boo/cheer button. Not sure about everyone else, but I use it for international transactions. It saves me on the conversion rates and whatever banking issues. The bar for 'experienced' variees a lot though. Someone with 0 months of experience is useless. But I've seen plenty of people with 3 months experience do better than people with 3 years experience. Some also have dealt with logic or projects at a much younger age or in college (like college is supposed to do) Isn't there a lot of apps that do this? E.g. Basecamp, Asana, Workflowy We ran an e-commerce mobile app. There were no real tools for this; things like Shopify were designed for web. So we built a whole shopping cart and inventory management system from scratch. It was good enough that people were willing to pay for it. But we were only 98% confident in it so we kept it internal. We also didn't have the funds to develop or keep testing it. If we shut down the company, I might open source it. It takes a while to go from 98% confident to 99.9%. And a lot of refactoring. Internal tools can be really sloppy, especially when we were selling like 3 items a day. Something that's paid for and trusted to manage several million dollars worth of inventory has to be a lot more robust. Investors didn't like the idea. I guess we didn't sell it well as one of them invested in someone else doing the same thing but with less experience. I recommend you bring it up to your boss. Tech leads are supposed to one on one anyway, to spot issues like this. Other alternatives would be Kanban and XP. Kanban might give you the flow and flexibility you like, XP might give management the control they want but still give you more flexibility. Rescue Time puts it at about 2.5 hours/day of programming time. The max I've ever pushed for and recorded was 250 minutes. Even that left me too exhausted to drive back home. Luno for me. Smooth interface, low fees, very easy to trade, and they saved my butt twice when I accidentally put in the wrong price on the exchange. I did an ecommerce recipe app. It was critical to us. We couldn't get funding, so it was important that we could build things very fast with limited resources. I also made the mistake of being a technical CEO, so dev time was very limited as I had to deal with multiple distractions from logistics to finance. For acquisition, the tech stack was also one of the factors in the final valuation. Nobody wants to acquire something they can't maintain (although ironically this was what happened exactly). I do it at the maximum speed whenever possible, around 2x. I can just pause and rewind whenever. Personally not a fan of videos to learn. I usually learn faster from books because of speed reading. Speeding up videos makes them tolerable for me. Like most other security features, laziness is a great defense. Most things can be cracked, but it's too tedious to. It was a low carb recipe app. People would get hooked on recipes but realize that a lot of the ingredients (flaxseed, stevia, konjac, etc) were not sold in stores. So we sold them those ingredients. Keyboards, mouse, monitor too. They're dirt cheap compared to recruiting, improve productivity and the likelihood that someone is going to want to work for that company. But IMO shutting the AC off at 5 PM might actually be good company culture to encourage everyone to get everything done by then and go home. I see a lot of early stage companies spending way too much on marketing before they have a product to launch. Because the marketing team is ready to boom it, the product has to even more stable than it otherwise would be. So ironically, they keep adding more features and launch too slowly. Or they could have some fixed launch date and developers end up hacking in buggy features to meet a deadline. The pressure costs a lot more in terms of engineering as well. I've seen some budget around $50k marketing to get around 1,000 downloads. On one "pre graduation party" there was a list of other students who signed up for the party, as well as their phone number. I filtered it down to girls who come from my state, doing an engineering degree, who were the cheapest to SMS. I planned to send multiple "Happy Holidays!" SMSes to those girls. But the Telco lines locked up because apparently everyone else sends SMSes during the eve of a holiday too. So I only got one SMS out. It was to a girl whose name started with A, in the civil engineering faculty (which was course A). I like the tough girls. She was practically an orphan, never backs down on her opinion, a sweet girl who could handle all the cursing and swearing of a 95% male construction site. They're sort of like how the military would judge physical fitness by the number of push ups one can do. It correlates with skill in general, but it biases towards people who practice it. Y Combinator partners have been saying for a while now that accelerators were a bubble. I see what they mean now. I actually have a "whitelist" in advance of things that I'm allowed to procrastinate on. HN is on the whitelist, as well as Indie Hackers and Twitter (my Twitter is more a chore than entertainment). Other things were calming games like Transport Giant, Stardew Valley, Recettear. Some TV series too, mostly cartoons like Futurama and Adventure Time. Don't do Rick & Morty, too addictive. That way, even when I'm wasting time, I feel somewhat satisfied with the entertainment I get. A lot of entertainment doesn't actually raise your "fun" bar, YouTube being one of them. I find that relaxation doesn't help at all. Even after taking about a half year break after selling my startup, I was still burnt out. What helped me out of it was teaching. Quoting Tony Robbins: "The reason you're suffering is you're focused on yourself." It's a powerful enough quote that I'll probably print it and put it in my office. Don't think about the work. Don't think about the pay, the holidays, the things you will buy, the fame you'll get. Instead of focusing on the work, think what you do with it. Think of making them very happy. It could be a client or customer. It could be your boss. Instead of focusing on the money, think of what you can do to make people happy. It could be bringing your significant other on a vacation somewhere. It could be buying your daughter a new toy or bringing them to the zoo. You can also try giving back - if you're a techie, you can teach people to code. Or answer questions on Stack Overflow. Write articles and blogs. Make videos on Udemy. Don't focus on making money from it but on passing down your experience. A startup growing 5% week on week is worth 1100% more in a year. Of course, it's a lot less liquid and likely to lose everything. Huge risk, huge returns. As someone who tried to learn Arabic, what I found really interesting is that there are almost no similar roots. Things like Arabic verbs having 3 letters. Everything is limited to 3 vowels. Some letters are t, th, d, dz, dh. There's a light and heavy h. a, a', ak, aq are different letters. Length of vowels also determines the meaning of a word. Gendered and plural are handled together. And a lot of it is very poetic. Arabic is one of those languages that is incredibly well designed for poetry. English is the least poetic of the languages I know; good for getting to the point. It's hard to explain, but there are a lot of things, like double meanings of words and phrases, connection between action and subject, flow of one concept into another. tldr: it's really unintuitive to the native English speaker Idle games usually go automatic after a while, as in you can unlock things that click themselves after a while. It's a great model for gamification though! I haven't looked into it enough to see whether it's an idle or incremental game. Incremental games usually unlock some entirely new game mechanic after a certain stage. This is really nice. I'd love to make one for native mobile some day. I feel like a lot of it includes angels who instead chose to buy Bitcoin. Codility is really well written. I'm not sure if they have PHP but they seem to have the major languages. They're one of the few which tests and teaches your code's performance. They're also very popular for hiring tests. Living the dream. I saw some drug documentary too. Smuggling in drugs is only one part of the problem. Drugs are small and valuable. Smuggling out the money is an equal problem, because it was all large and bulky. If you bring an entire truck full of cocaine in, you're going to need more than a truck to pull it out. So while you can buy a few grams or a slave with a briefcase of notes, it's not as easy for the dealer. Crypto, if safe, would lower the risk by about 50%. Bitcoin is traceable but it seems that something like Monero might be better for this. The value is like gold. It is a limited resource. It can't be counterfeit. The big difference is that gold is portable and much harder to destroy. Audits. A lot of it is outsourced but I wish they would fill in forms for me as well. Android is an interesting specialization. The market is very big and there's lots of contracts, without having to compete as hard as say, PHP developers. Americans are much more likely to specialize in iOS and the bulk of poorer countries are likely to specialize in Android because a lot of people can't afford to self-learn iOS and educational institutes can't get the budget to teach it. So a lot of people start Android, switch to iOS for the money. That makes Android specialists with 4+ years of experience much rarer. It's a very young technology and so specialists are even harder to find. Hybrid only goes so far. Hybrid builds MVPs well, but they usually get converted to native down the line for efficiency. With Android, one of the biggest difficulties is automated tests and asynchronous http requests. Http requests also makes up for the bulk of operations and development in many kinds of apps. This is where the specialists shine - they can make architectures more suited to testing or build/maintain HTTP web operations in a log (n) speed compared to a junior. Android is also really tedious to build something basic with once you hit moderate proficiency because there's a lot of "best practices" you have to violate. An MVP specialist like myself can build an entire app very quickly, knowing which best practices to stick to and which ones are best handled as technical debt. And once you're tired of programming, there is lots of demand for training, both bootcamps and corporate. Learning Android development has as much demand as web and there's a lot of people from corporate environments who know Java, have money, and want to become app developers. I'm a big fan of Parse Server, but it seems to have some stigma ever since Facebook open sourced it. It runs better than many other frameworks; you can set up a full stack thing with mobile accessing a cloud database and storing photos in about an hour. Maker/manager scheduling: http://www.paulgraham.com/makersschedule.html I find that most people who are active bloggers and on social media are at the top of the chain. They are more managers than makers. Jack Dorsey, Elon Musk, Paul Graham, Marc Andreessen, Joel Spolsky... these guys were once great makers, but now they're great managers. When on the manager schedule, your job is to basically be available to your team. You are an information router, you have to make sure information passes from one part of the organization to another quickly. But there's a limited number of things to do in the manager schedule. So they plenty of time to do nothing but writing. When on the maker schedule, they get into flow and stay in flow, avoiding all distractions. This is where all the programming happens. It's also not uncommon to see people working two workdays - making late at night but managing in the day. I second this. I'm a big fan of Mortimer Adler. His specialty seems to be piecing together all the other works of philosophy and making it easily accessible to the commoner. It's a gray area. Recruiter could have forced you into their lap, even when they didn't agree to pay his fees. The company itself did benefit from his service but doesn't want to compensate for it. Ideally, the recruiter should get some token fee. It might be 10x smaller than what he normally charges, but some fee. But it's not your problem. I would take the job and just convince them to pay the recruiter something. I've been speed reading for about 5 years. Yes, I highly recommend it. Like touch typing, it's something you wonder how you lived without. The bottleneck is comprehension though. Most speed reading techniques don't cover it. Learn to visualize and grasp concepts quickly. Speed reading also helps a lot in comprehension in that if you can skim the entire book you've already understood the gist of what the book is about. Just don't expect to read books much faster. The best books should be read slowly. If you're reading one book a day, you should question whether that book was worth reading. Just enough? Work on mobile app gaming, mostly things people haven't touched. Converting TVTropes into a story generator. Gamifying productivity apps. Minimalizing popular PC games like X-Com, roguelikes and Transport Tycoon into something that can be comfortably played on mobile without squinting. If I had more money, I'd love to do an accelerator to invest in marginal ideas. These dumb ideas that have no intention of going past $1M. The kind of things that regularly appear on Indie Hackers, like Ghost. They may not be growth oriented, they can have single founders, they can be done part time and more importantly, without an expensive team. No pressure to become a unicorn. I think it's an untapped market that also doesn't have to worry about competing with Silicon Valley. I use this course: https://www.udemy.com/become-a-superlearner-2-speed-reading-... If you want something free, google Tim Ferriss's speed reading tips. They're easy to understand and get started with. We have two classifications: Prototype and tracer bullets Prototypes are meant for info. They are not simply disposable, they are supposed to be destroyed, like toxic waste. We crank up speed all the way. No documentation, etc. Tracer bullets are meant to hit, but not overly planned. They are completely maintainable, fully documented, refactored whenever possible. The name comes from the idea that instead of making calculations and plans, you just point and shoot. After shooting, you adjust the machine to hit the target better. I disagree about it being all about practice. That's like saying basketball players get better just by playing basketball. It's about the right kind of practice. The best kind of practice is the one you dread most. Last year I kept hitting the semicolon, curly brackets wrong and getting the capitalizations off. I deliberately practiced typing those for dozens of hours. These things really helped me stay in flow instead of stumbling. I used to dread all the complicated architectures of modern Android. So I did a few app sprints trying to find simpler ways of building one from scratch and seeing which corners I can cut. I felt that I was too slow in coding things that weren't copy paste. So now I've been doing some 'sprints' by doing Hackerrank or Project Euler as fast as possible and then taking a long break from them. It's technology and it's revolutionary. Both of those things tend to break all known patterns. Look at when corporations were invented or any other major tech revolution. It could well be the first example of something going so high. It's unlikely but I wouldn't say it's 100% sure to crash. It's a psychological thing. It's the dirty work. Someone has to do it. I just grab a couple cans of Red Bull, some L Theanine, pull up my metaphorical gloves and go in. The book Mythical Man Month states that in large codebases, about 1000 lines of code are written per person per year . Coding style can be perfect and it could still be a pain to go through. Sometimes it's a pain simply because the coding style is "perfect" - it could end up verbose or too clean for comfort. But you gotta do what you gotta do. Think of all the lives you improve by doing this. Reward yourself afterwards. The better speed reading techniques actually teach you to visualize the words first. So if trained right, you should be able to actually visualize a book much better. Without learning the visualize first, people usually end up drinking from a firehose - they don't have the capacity to absorb the information. The human brain is designed to comprehend images, not words. So to go high speed, you have to make a habit of visualizing the words. it crashes all the time https://99bitcoins.com/bitcoinobituaries/ Doesn't this logic apply to putting your money in a bank as well? That's why I have multiple bank accounts and buy gold. I think this would also apply to most investments - if it costs much higher than the average, it's likely to be bad. About $6000 into a "MVP" for starting my own cafe. I later found out that most people who start restaurants lose money. You'd make something like $100k sales and $101k costs a month. The game is in trying to change sales or costs by 5% or so. A lot of restaurants don't shut down for this reason. They're all really close to being rich and they all invest so much into it that it's worth trying out another year. That's why they're not killed by the free market. There's a lot more out there than there should be. Yeah I'm not going to give my email for something that's an idea. Just put up the list of books. I have mild Asperger's. Startups are the perfect career. Charisma on a techie is practically a 'dump stat'. The necessary charisma (sales, pitching, teamwork) can be practiced easily. Autistic people also have little trouble with written communication. In fact, many autistic people are even better at written communication. The main issue is in face to face communication, where they tend to misinterpret a lot of things. This works well where the majority of communication happens on Slack or project management tools. A lot of teams also implement one on one meetings. Presentation skills matter less. As well as the ability to speak up in a meeting or make jokes face to face. One option is to find a charismatic partner. But personally, I found that I was better at articulating my own ideas and handling things like negotiations than my more charismatic partners. Be careful with negotiations though. People can be dicks and autistic people tend to lash out when treated unfairly in a negotiation. It can be trained so that they stay calm, but you have to be aware of the tendency. New methodology unlocked: Software Feudalism If you're highly employable, recruiters should already be approaching you by now. When I was doing my degree, we often got a lot of email from the university faculty itself and there were also lots of job fairs targeting us. When you're employable, recruiters will just keep knocking on you to emails and message apps asking if you're looking for another job yet or if you know someone. A lot of recruiters seem to be getting lazy and focusing on LinkedIn these days though. 1k investment would give you very low returns most of the time. Like $50 in a year. So you might as well put it into a high risk investment. If you look at Paul Graham's predictions from 2012, Slack and Stack Overflow are in there: http://www.paulgraham.com/ambitious.html Yeah, I don't think PG had "optimized Q&A" in mind but it fulfills the condition of being something hackers can use effectively to search documentation. There's some other good concepts in there. But the gist of what he's saying is interesting. It's not about things that look great, but rather things that are repulsive to us because they question how we view the world. By that line of thought, Bitcoin would definitely qualify. Sometimes the gaps are interesting too. Sometimes someone takes of a few months to do their own startup but it crashes and burns spectacularly, e.g. founder blow ups. People usually drop these out of their resume because they don't want to talk about it, but it's a very positive part of their character sometimes. It might be better to ask them about it though, because they likely won't put it on LinkedIn either. +1 to not underpricing yourself. At the lower prices, you will get a lot of low quality clients. If the problem is big enough, they're willing to pay. Global rates for software developers are roughly about $25-$100 an hour. $100/hour is more for people with specialist experience in the US time zone. There are people willing to go cheaper than $25/hour, but you'll be a blur among people who are willing to work fo $4/hour. But usually there are local rates as well based on your country. These are somewhat pegged to the international rates past a certain level of quality. These can be lower than international rates. Sometimes you can squeeze an even higher price out of a local contract because you'd add the benefit of more strongly understanding the problem, better communication in terms of time zone, language, and face to face interaction. Plus there's some security in meeting a person face to face. A lot of the good stuff is off the shelf. L-Theanine for focus. Creatine monohydrate for more RAM (thinking faster, less brain fog). Mini breaks are fine. Just blacklist certain things from your breaks if you find they're bad for you. I find "boring" breaks to be the best - sleep, looking at nature, chatting with a co-worker. Discipline only goes so far. This doesn't happen if your motivation is high enough as you'd just lock back into the project once you've regenerated. Treat motivation as a supplement. You might be looking at HN as your mind craves more motivation. Think of people, not cash rewards. Who will this project help? Users? Stakeholders? If you have to think of cash, think of how you could spend it on making other people happier... donations to the poor, buying mom a gift, taking your child to a theme park. You might also be motivated by creative impulses. Bookmark projects you admire. It can be roadmaps and devlogs. Open them up again when you're feeling demotivated or need a break. It's a lot like RAM. You notice it when you're not on it. I think the most obvious effect is humor... while on it, I'm quicker to see an opportunity for a joke. I assume it applies for finding breakthroughs faster. Many of others like the name too: https://www.economist.com/news/science-and-technology/217308... Do you sell your robots or are they personal use only? I've been interested in this for a while but figure plenty of people would have done it better. Sometimes you can make more cash that way. If you put in $50k into the stock market, you'd get back maybe... $3k a month? Whereas selling it as some kind of SaaS, you could make maybe the same kind of money with just around 20 users, or even one user who invests millions. That sounds like it would create an insane glucose spike though. Asian millennial here. I think you're stuck between two very difficult choices. I had to do a very similar choice before - continue working for a family friend or take the route with career growth. Usually people also feel some loyalty to an old boss because they were also a mentor. But try not to just think about yourself and your boss. Or even your girlfriend. As this decision also affects your income, it could provide you and your family a better life. Ask yourself: "Which choice would benefit society more?" Which of the two choices would benefit more people overall? This is also a good way to estimate which would be more profitable or a better career. The startup could have the potential to have a very big impact, or it could just remain a really small company that doesn't affect many. Similarly, the Famous Company might be affecting people all over the world, but how much impact would you really have in it? So I would just pick the utilitarian decision as the more moral one. Your personal projects could also be another factor, as they could be beneficial to society. Which decision would let you work on them more? Also, it's about how long the projects take. Sometimes $150/hr for Wordpress might just be done in a couple hours, with a template and an upload. I love that you made good money with a MVP, for people building MVPs :P Did you get on Product Hunt or something? I'm curious how you made $3k in the first week. I wouldn't recommend this with less than $100 though. The margins are really tiny, so you might make a profit of maybe... $3 for your $100. Might as well work minimum wage. If you had $2000 or so to start with, that's a different story. Stock trading robots won't make much from $100 either.. maybe a trickle of $2/month. I started an ecommerce company with less than $100. .asia domain name: $5 Google Play account: $25 Logo: Free. Designer friend did one in exchange for me doing an app for him. He decided not to do his app in the end, so it didn't even cost me man hours. Development: An incubator (Startup House) gave us 3 months to stay + food. Marketing: ~$5 for domain name, $25 for copywriting. We did a fake blog. Registered a domain name for it. Paid a blogger friend to write up something along the lines of "If you follow the Atkins Diet, you MUST download this app". We sneaked the link into an Atkins Diet Facebook group and got over 1,200 downloads in the first 24 hours. Products: We made a recipe app and sold ingredients through it. Our ingredient supplier partners packed and delivered them for us. We simply gave them a list of who to send to and then paid them once every few weeks. We made almost no profit from this, roughly 5%, not including payment gateway, but we didn't have to have money on hand either. After verifying the business model, we bought the products, stocked, and distributed them ourselves, for up to 30% profit margin. Later, we sold off the company, for more money than I've ever got in my years working. There's still a few bugs. Like clicking on the portfolio items doesn't show the content. But if everything else is stable and scalable, why not? If you don't count tech companies, plenty of non tech conglomerates, restaurants, even things like cosmetics and trading make it big on just their savings and bank loans. Kevin Mitnick's "The Art of Deception" comes to mind. While it's more the black hat type, it's a good look at social engineering from the perspective of an expert. I'm always intrigued at how a lot of hackers start with an interest in magic tricks. IMO, never invest in hopes of paying off debts. The problem is that crypto is volatile. Today I'm looking at ETH going up 32% a week. But next week it could be down 80%. Then it could go up again 184%. In hindsight, it looks smart to invest in it. But when your $484 becomes $350, then $210, then $90.. you are going to be under a lot of emotional distress. You'll be kicking yourself, wishing you put it into your debt, or some other crypto. It could go on to $1500 later, but only if you could hold on long enough. What's worse is that most cryptocurrencies will actually fail. If you go for a high risk one, there's a good chance your investment will go to $0. The key to investing well is faith. But you need a lot, lot more faith if you really need the money and need it fast. And making your investment decision based on some 5 minute comment on an internet forum is not going to give you a lot of faith. 1. Figure out the right thing to do. Be brutally honest to yourself as the biggest source of falsehood is what you want to believe. 2. Do the right thing. 3. Do it fast. Great books on this: Ben Horowitz's "The Hard Thing About Hard Things", Andy Grove's "Only The Paranoid Survive", Jocko Wilink & Leif Babin's "Extreme Ownership". I find that a lot of really bad leaders do this a lot for some reason. The best organizations are often targeting something epic, which builds camaraderie in itself. Ethereum is banking on smart contracts. Contracts that trigger when the conditions are fulfilled and automatically transfer the money. It's bad if the organization pressures you into being beer buddies with them. And often it becomes a coat of paint on what is poor corporate culture. Someone complains that the company is lifeless and that they feel like a cog in the machine. An easy fix is to have quarterly family events instead of fixing the problem. I would say make it clear that you're happy working full time. Sometimes patrons expect that money would go into allowing someone to quit their jobs to work on a project. I find them tedious but I really enjoy it. I know some employers also take the effort to read every word, especially when the recruiter is also the founder. But companies like Google and Facebook don't even let you send them. Maybe there's some correlation that the smaller the company, the more important the cover letter is? The purpose of a cover letter is to just bring up things that aren't in your resume. If you have nothing to say, make it as brief as possible, maybe even one paragraph. Most employers will open the resume anyway. Don't try to fake passion, that just makes you sound like a teenager desperate to get laid. My format: First paragraph, say what you are applying for if it's not in the title header. Second paragraph, tell them how you meet the requirements. This is where you make it clear you have read the job ad and aren't resume blasting. Third, explain other unique skillsets you bring. I like to emphasize my entrepreneurship and product development experience or that I can do full stack, if applicable. Fourth, why you want to work for this company specifically. Each paragraph would ideally be 1-2 sentences. The shorter the better. If not applicable, don't write it. Probably sharpen my algorithm skills. Get easy questions done in 10 minutes and have it work the first time I run it. Also want to speed up my design and planning skill. Coding is easy, but figuring out what to code is painful. Bitcoin's value comes from it being either a currency or a store of wealth (similar to gold). Something like Ethereum can do more than that, like smart contracts. Of course it can do the same things as Bitcoin as well. The value is similar to startup investments in that if you go in really early, it's risky and you get it for cheap, whereas if you go in later, the price is much higher but still good. The mix of all this comes together and makes up the final price. I would really be happy if there was a journalism company that I could pay for quality articles. Unfortunately, most articles are low quality. Clickbait journalism is like this - a lot of people produce things that people would be willing to pay to not read. The quality articles are also extremely rare; most media sites are one hit wonders, creating only one or two quality things. So a subscription would not be helpful either. I think a better way to monetize would be to write a book or something, collecting the best of the best, or digging deeper into an idea that went viral. Tim Ferriss and Cal Newport comes to mind.