This is a preview of the future without oil. The North Koreans lost all their oil subsidies from the Soviets in the early 90s. That's why they had the famines in the 90s, nobody drives cars and why there are no tractors. Scala is actually a better Ruby. All the messy fun stuff that we all love with Ruby like duck typing and monkey patching can be done easily with Scala, except it's all statically typed so it keeps the whole mess under control. For instance, you can have a duck type as a function argument that's contract is it implements a particular method signature. In Ruby there is no type type enforcement so you can get runtime errors when you pass in an object that doesn't have the right method, while in Scala the compiler catches it. You can monkey patch by doing implicit conversions in Scala to a rich type, allowing one to add methods to the Integer class, for example, but if you have to libraries that do the same monkey patch Scala will alert you to ambiguous situations. In Ruby this depends on load order and can cause all kinds of screwy bugs. When I get a compiler error in Scala it's almost always something that would cause a runtime error in a non statically typed language. The downside is that the error messages can be difficult to parse and resolve for beginners. Once I got over the learning curve, I realized that in almost all cases the compiler was trying to tell me something very useful. I do get a little annoyed at all the Haskell/OCaml type nerds trying to do things with the type system that are not particularly practical, for instance: http://apocalisp.wordpress.com/2010/06/16/type-level-program... Some micro pc that can run DD-WRT would probably be ideal. Here's a much better article on alcohol: http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/par7.htm There are much healthier, perfectly legal, and arguably more fun ways to alter one's neurochemistry than alcohol. If I told you all how to do it though, then dumb kids would take it way too far, the moral panic would ensue, things would get banned for no good reason, and I'd have to go back to drinking alcohol. I worked with an Indian guy for a few years. He said that in India it is extremely unusual for a person to not follow an extremely rigid career track. It's the legacy of the cast system pigeonholing people into various professions. In the caste system, your identity very narrowly dictates your job. In the west, job and identity are far more distinct. >“The problem is, over and over again, that many very creative young people, who have demonstrated their creativity, can't figure out what the system wants of them—which hoops should they jump through? I think that's the main problem. The system doesn't know what it wants. Why anyone would stay at a job like that is beyond me. 12 hour days 7 days a week? That's just stupid. Much rather program mind-numbingly boring business apps and go home at 5. No doubt they'll add some special extension that uses perl for the drawing commands just so -- you know -- nothing but Ie9 can parse it. I picture a hashed biometric identifier that goes in the bottom 64 bits of your ipv6 address, every time you do anything online with any conceivable connected device. Looked at that collection. I've read a lot of Austrian stuff and I'd say that Hayek's elaboration of the trade cycle and the dynamics of international currencies are the two greatest works of Austrian Economics. They are not the basics by any means though and are pretty tough going, as hard as reading books on compiler design. http://mises.org/books/monetarynationalism.pdf http://mises.org/books/pricesproduction.pdf Good point. I think the French are the only ones that develop any decent pharmaceuticals outside the U.S. One of the most successful French pharmaceuticals is Tianeptine. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tianeptine It's sort of a French Prozac but with a number of unique benefits that Prozac doesn't have. It's approved in several European countries but NOT in the U.K, and is only available in the U.S on the imported pharmaceutical grey market. Once it goes out of patent, and if it has not been approved for use in the U.S, it will NEVER be approved, ever, for any use in the U.S. That's because nobody would pay the 100s of millions of dollars to approve a drug that a competitor can produce as a generic. I tried to beat the market using all kinds of AI stuff off and on for a number of years. Learned a lot about AI techniques, and became a better programmer, which helped in my day job, but never got anywhere. It's a fool's game. Besides, most of these HFT systems hold positions for only a few minutes or less. There's no way someone without a huge account, to cover commissions from trading so much, and access to a lot of expensive real-time data streams could possibly make any headway at it. Not to say there aren't people who do make money at trading, but they are swing traders and/or people who've figured something out about the market that the market doesn't know yet, and thus has not revealed at all in the price movements of the stock. Since price movements are the primary input into a lot of trading algorithms, most trading algorithms are blind to these developments. Well what if you could give your self a brain upgrade via gene therapy? What's so bad about that? I guess many would be upset as it would go against our ideology here in America that frowns on any suggestion that intelligence has innate components. He's solved the traveling salesman problem in Log(n) time. I think this article is a great demonstration of Poe's Law. The ascent of foursquare is a big win for Scala and Lift too, given that it's probably the most high profile Lift/Scala project out there. You can put it right next to your Apple Pippin. To do real science you need a hypothesis, a control and an experiment. Finding correlations in historical datasets after the fact is not really science. It's good for formulating hypothesis but it's not science, at least as described by Francis Bacon or Karl Popper. Good science provides falsifiable predictions, more dubious things that are called "science" merely provide scientific sounding explanations for natural phenomenon. If we constructed the laws of physics merely by observing the planets we could have concluded that a mass rotated around an axis will move in epicycles, which is how the pre-Copernican astronomers explained the movements of Mars. Astronomy is merely the application of experimentally determined physics here on earth to the movement of celestial bodies. I thought the 70s were all about global cooling? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_cooling The only thing that affects how much weight you gain or lose over a period of time is calorie consumption, your height, age and weight, and to a lesser extent, your activity level. Here's everything you need to know: http://www.fourmilab.ch/hackdiet/www/hackdiet.html Literally, that's it. Read the hacker diet and you won't need to listen to or read another thing about dieting for the rest of your life. When I was doing remote software consulting I would literally get up at 7pm, go out clubbing. Not drink, come home at 1 or 2 am and code till about 9am and then talk to clients for a few hours and then go to sleep. It was totally k-rad awesome. I find that if I work regular hours after work I can't enjoy myself because I am totally burnt out from the work day and just want to go sleep. Doing the most stressful act of the day, talking with clients, right before I went to sleep was perfect. I read a bit of the history of PayPal. It seems like they spent an enormous amount of time dealing with fraud and security issues. One important thing to realize is that in a credit bubble the price of things like houses, college education, etc increase even as the supply rapidly increases. This is because there is more and more credit available to pay for them from the same constant income stream of the consumer. This increase in credit is caused by the lowering of lending standards and interest rates. This credit is payed for by a continuous stream of income. Once the stream of income is fully tapped and debt service becomes around 30% of income, credit can no longer grow and a deflationary cycle gets going where the prices of those goods that were inflated by credit revert to the prices that they would have commanded had the supply of those goods (housing,education,etc) just been increasing and not the money supply. The "deflation" is the business infrastructure built around constant expansion of debt collapsing. In the end it is healthy as the economy was unreasonably warped towards over-production of credit secured assets. This warping is what has led to the current underconsumption of house-poor and student-loan poor individuals who are unable to spend because they sold their productive years, in the form of debt payments, to the dream of making it rich by overpaying for credit inflated goods. WHEN DOES THIS END? This ends when we reach the end of the K-Wave and prices come back down to levels where the cap rate on renting a house competes well with risky bonds. Even then, you've got the whole multitude of debt laden consumers who need to default on everything so they can have some spending money again. Unfortunately they are not yet out of the woods as higher taxation by our government, in order to pay its debts, is still an on-going problem that will overhang the economy until the massive bulge of government pensioners of the baby boomer era start to die-off and we end the Iraq/Afghanistan wars. Yeah, when you're using Open Office you can always ask the person your sending the spreadsheet to to download OpenOffice to read it. Especially if they are someone you're paying money to, like a consultant or an outside firm. It's free after all. The idea is that the multi-nationals can sell stuff to third worlders at near cost to build market share or comply with price controls and mark up 500% in another country to take advantage of subsidies, medicare reimbursements, perceived brand "value", or on-the-sly price collusion with other vendors and no screwy small fry grey market traders can get in the way of their "marketing policies". We have so much innovation and technological advancement that there's now quite a lot of energy put into controlling the dissemination of technology. For instance, look at how much effort our government spends controlling the dissemination of 70 year old nuke technology to countries like Iran. I have an alternative theory that people want to vent their anxiety over the crappy economy, Obama not living up to their expectations, etc. but can't. The media only gives them the iphone antenna thing or ,a few months back, the Toyota acceleration non-issue as places to focus their anger on. I am a Java developer in my day to day work but I'll give a few reasons: 1. The memory footprint of the JVM is significantly larger for a similar app vs. PHP. Also, it requires a lot of tricky JVM option tweaking to get it to work in anything less than about 512mb. 2. The build environment is really heavy weight and complicated. Maven seemed crazy at first though working with it for a while finally got me used to it. It's still crazy complicated compared to rails/python. 3. Lack of code reloading when you hit refresh. JavaRebel fixes this, for a price. 4. Java code is really verbose. You have to become an expert at a lot of IDE features before you can get decent productivity. You absolutely cannot use a simple text editor or anything less than one of the big 3 IDEs (Eclipse, Net Beans, Intellij) and get anywhere. The future is bright though for the JVM. I have started to work more with Scala/Lift lately and I am really blown away at how fast and powerful it is compared to traditional Java development. There are a number of companies that provide support for PostgreSQL. Enterprise DB is probably the most prominent of them. Kind of funny that they didn't have a good technical reason not to use PostgreSQL, just that the community was smaller. Postgres 9, with streaming replication and easy to setup bullet proof read only slave replication will probably move momentum in the direction of PostgreSQL. The replication was always easier to setup on MySQL, which gave it an advantage. The replication is reliable, it's just that with the 8.0 releases, it's an add-on and not obvious to setup (e.g with Slony have to do special procedures to properly replicate DDL changes, it required having triggers on replicated tables, etc). In 9.0 replication is built in, transparent, and trivial to setup. "Actual inflation = A + B * (output gap) + Expected inflation" Typical economic equation with a whole bunch of poorly defined fudge variables that can fit absolutely any data set and is completely lacking in falsifiability. "But here’s the thing: the inflation-adjusted Phillips curve predicts not just deflation, but accelerating deflation in the face of a really prolonged economic slump." Ah.. But what causes a prolonged economic slump? Deflation.. and what causes an end to the economic slump, inflation. So what causes inflation and deflation? Consumer Psychology? Animal Spirits? High Interest Rates? Low Interest Rates? Equations where you can plug in the right numbers and get the results that match the historical data set? Ok Krugman, stop pussy footing around. You want us to blow out the deficit just like Japan did and have the government spend trillions on infrastructure and the fed to keep interest rates at zero forever. What this will do is make sure that the economy stays in deflation until the entire generation that is mired in debt up to their eyeballs and lives paycheck to paycheck goes broke, or in the case of student loans, dies. See you on the other side of the Kondratieff wave in about 20 years pal. I know you'll take all the credit for it. I think rail doesn't get anywhere in the U.S because it makes it to easy for "undesirable elements" to get to places they're not wanted too easily. I think that's the incredibly sad but honest truth of it all. The class differences in the United States are far more extreme than most people realize, mostly because people stay inside their tight little class bubbles all day long in their private cars, driving to work and back and rarely venturing out to get a latte every once in a while. I think the main enabler of political corruption is politicians aren't paid enough. In the U.S, they oversee trillion dollar budgets yet are paid less than $100,000. It's a recipe for corruption. Politicians in Singapore pay themselves a few million dollars annually and Transparency international rates Singapore as the 3rd least corrupt country in the world. The important stuff in the U.S is controlled by creating false dichotomies between different alternatives that both assume a uniform underlying reality and are different in practically meaningless ways. Anything that's different from these false alternatives is assumed to be one of the false alternatives, will be viewed as kook material or will take several hours to explain. There is also plenty of genuine kook material mixed in to all of this that makes it hard to separate the wheat from the chaff. The only thing that can really knock the average American out of this is long term exposure to alternatives that exist in other cultures. Ever notice how people who are well traveled often have a more nuanced understanding of most contemporary topics? Orwell was just predicting what the future would be like if Stalinism took over the world in 1984. He had plenty of experience with it while fighting in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the anarchists POUM and often in conflict with the Stalinist backed factions. The government of North Korea was founded by Kim Il Sung who was hand picked by Stalin to run the country, so it's only natural that they would try to implement the model Orwell was talking about. I use emacs for most of my text editing. I hate using vim because I find all the mode switching to be really annoying. I like how keys always mean one thing in emacs, even if it results in the occasional bit of emacs pinky. Here's a fourth : Blimps. Bioethics attracts all the weirdos who want to propose really off the wall crazy crap, like drugging the water supply, and call it "ethics". Let's take a look at the Table of Contents of the Journal of Bioethics shall we ( http://www.bioethics.net/journal/ ) * Should Human Beings Have Sex? Sexual Dimorphism and Human Enhancement * The Risks of “Sexual Normalcy” * Humans Should Be Free of All Biological Limitations Including Sex * Response to Open Peer Commentaries on “Human Dignity and Transhumanism: Do Anthro-Technological Devices [nonbiological entities introduced into or attached to the human body] Have Moral Status?” The whole discipline of bioethics is basically about trolling... or they're serious :/. Anytime anybody brings up fluoride somebody else brings up Dr. StrangeLove, it might as well be a knock knock joke. I wish people would actually look into the science. People thought DDT was unquestionably great too. The "Greatest Generation" who guaranteed themselves the "Greatest Retirement" package. In the fairy tale, all the goods and services they consume will come from the magic money tree that the government fertilized somewhere with all the money they paid into social security. Back in reality land, a smaller population of heavily taxed and badly paid members of the Gen X and Gen Y cohort will have to change grandma's bed pan and they better be damned productive given how long everyone's living. I think the analyze emotions thing might work. Everyone with a facebook/twitter profile will have a little floating icon above their head in augmented reality world though. I find Indeed.com to be a fairly objective indicator as to the job market for a particular language: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=scala+developer,+clojure+d... This guy should move to Russia. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2470... I am really curious to see what happens in 10 years when the baby boomers start to die. The younger gen Y has been so throughly infantilized by their parents that we're going to be this "Home Alone" nation without any adult supervision. Gen X will have to step up to a very unfamiliar leadership position. Oh you think geek culture jumped the shark? Wait till the Facebook movie comes out. Fake. http://www.snopes.com/inboxer/hoaxes/computer.asp The fundamental goal of capitalism, at least American capitalism, is to increase the amount of passive income generated by business activity. The functional representation of this is that lenders share of economic activity increases and the borrowers share decreases, and you are all borrowers because you pay taxes and the government pays enormous interest on its debts. In fact, the only people who are not borrowers to some extent are those who live off tax free government bonds. Cold turkey is a damned hard way to give up caffeine. I find slowly dolling out powdered caffeinated drink mix to myself in water at smaller and smaller doses to work better. How much money have they lost on MSN? http://www.informationweek.com/blog/main/archives/2007/10/ho... Microsoft has $36 billion in cash. They could loose 1/2 billion on Windows Phone 7 for 72 year and still not run out of cash. That's why they could buy a company (Danger), have a ton of developers work for quite a long time on Kin and then throw the whole project away and shrug it off. Patents are good for protecting inventions that require a large amount of capital investment to bring to production. Fashion and food were traditionally not protected by patents because to make a cake or a dress, one only needed an oven or a sowing machine. On the other hand, complicated manufactured goods needed patent protection because the factories needed to produce them would cost millions to build, and a small inventor could never raise the money without patent protection. In the age of computing, the cost of the equipment to create software is negligible, so it's far more optimal to not grant patent protection. Yeah that "build a product" bit always seems to get missed. I have heard many different non-technical start-up want-to-bes blow that off like that was the easy part and they could just get anybody to do it for them for cheap. I think Oracle is oriented toward selling to businesses that use technology the way tech startups use office furniture. We don't want to take apart our office furniture and make it work more efficiently, or modify it and resell it to other businesses as part of a breakthrough interior decorating package. We want to sit on it and put our laptops on it and use it to get the other "real" work done. So if you're in the road construction business and you need a HR system or a procurement system or whatever, you call some pricey consultants who call Oracle and you tell your accounting people to explain the problem and ask them how much its going to cost and you tell your IT department and accounting to spec it and do it and you fire them if it's not all done in six months and go back to your real work which is managing your highway building project out in Tallahassee. Sometimes you can find concurrency bugs by reading logs during concurrent execution, along with a lot of sanity checks that throw exceptions when things go wrong. You can also just look really hard at the code and simulate in your head what might go wrong. IMHO, the hardest bugs are the ones where you have too much data and/or running through the test case takes a very long amount of time. Usually the best way to chip away at these is to try and speed up the test phase by mocking things or to just do a good old stare at the code until the bug shows up. It's a cut once, measure twice approach except with time. You can either run the test again, or you can stare at the code for twice as long and not have the run the test multiple times. What you really want is to have a very common name. I think what's really going on is now that there is such an enormous amount of slack in the system we have to find new ways to self-actualize. For instance, because of all the cheap labor in China, manufacturing is now turning into an esoteric geek hobby in the U.S with Maker Faire, etc. I see Unemployed people on food stamps spending thousands of hours of their life in WOW and Farmville pretending they have a job because the real economy doesn't need them. Maybe I'm too cynical.. Any idealists want to cheer me up? You know what gives dollars, otherwise known as federal reserve notes, their value? It's that they are the only medium of exchange that can be used to settle tax liabilities. "Completely coincidentally, I'm sure, he has also taken significant payments from Phillip Morris and other tobacco corporate interests." Did you just make that up, or do you have information to backup that claim? Win2k being released was a huge blow to Linux at the time. Redhat 9 was so awful in comparison. I remember how a lot of developers I knew who had been Linux users actually switched back. Choice 1: Burn lots and lots of coal + Fischer Tropsch + electric vehicles. Choice 2: Thorium reactors + electric vehicles. That's about it. BTW, The "Peak Oil Community" are 5% oil and gas industry people, and 5% energy policy wonk want-to-bes. The rest are radical environmentalists eagerly anticipating the ecological-Malthusian-doom rapture (see dieoff.org, etc) and are not interested in practical solutions and are just sitting in front of their computers waiting to be raptured up into their ecological-hand-tools-subsistence-agriculture wonderland. With Thorium reactors you can generate so much electricity you can convert CO2 into hydrocarbons directly. If for whatever dumb reason thorium reactors don't happen, yeah Fischer-Tropsche Coal to Oil is the way to go. Al Gore will be upset though at all your non-carbon neutrality, for what it's worth but they'll sure as all heck do it in China. Problem is is that building an industrial scale Fischer-Tropsch plant is a big undertaking, on the scale of building a major oil refinery and you'd have NIMBYs up the wazoo anywhere you tried to build that in the U.S. The guy takes the other side of every single technological debate out there that doesn't have an official pundit for the other side, often with amusing results. For instance, I really enjoyed watching him tell all the singularity guys what a bunch of science fiction obsessed delusionals they were at a panel discussion a few years back. However, I often find that he is the go-to-guy for people who can't come up with a good sounding argument for why they don't like this or that new technological trend. Conversation Zen Levels from lowest zen to highest: Level 1: The conversation does not involve talking about your job. This is only acceptable in business network situations. If you are not at a trade show, business event, in an interview or at work you shouldn't talk about work. This is the most pathetic type of small talk, as it immediately puts you in a social class/stereotype bucket. Level 2: The conversation does not involve talking about where you live, or whether you are going to school and where. Unless you are exactly the same age, you are not likely to gain any useful information from this, except to put people into a social class or stereotype bucket, which is detrimental to conversation. Level 3: The conversation does not involve talking about any topics that have to do with people or activities outside of the immediate first-hand knowledge of the individuals involved in the conversation. E.g no talk about sports, celebrities, world politics, etc. This kind of talk usually results in nothing positive that you haven't had 100 or more conversations about already and serves to bucketize, not in so far as social class is concerned but in other aspects. Sometimes the other person will have specialized knowledge about a topic, for instance you may have read the same book or may be into the same niche topic, and this is acceptable conversation for this zen level but usually conversation falls into overly mainstream categories that tend to categorize and stereotype. It's really really hard to have a common niche interest unless you're at an event catering to that interest so best not to bother. Level 4: The conversation does not involve any conversation about anything taking place in the past or outside of the immediate physical area. This only usually happen as part of a shared activity and may be difficult or impossible on a plane or similar circumstances where there is little in the way of shared experience in the immediate physical area. Figure out what Zen level you want to communicate with people at and then just don't talk unless you can achieve that zen level. Ok I made that all up right in this comment box. The main idea is to avoid any sort of conversation that would bucketize the other person into a particular social class or stereotype for as long as possible or bore them with uninteresting chatter in order to have any more fulfilling interaction. What do you guys think? In non-dating recreational situations you can actually pull off level 4 if you're disciplined. For instance, if you go to a sailing class. Only talk about sailing and learning sailing. Put all your brain into it and keep out of lower level talk. People will find you very mysterious and interesting because you didn't lay all your cards on the table so they could just put you in a bucket. Think about the boring guy at the sailing class. Later on you find out he's a doctor, or a builder, or a fraud investigator or a republican or likes watching hockey or went to college at Stanford. What if he didn't tell you any of that until you had known him for a couple of weeks or even months during the course of that sailing class vs if he had told you that all up front? I usually find that nobody's eyes light up and get excited when I tell them I work as a software developer. I'm now a nerd, or too smart, or boring, or a member of the "technical professional" social class. If I had some really exciting job like being a movie star, I'd be stuck having to repeat answers to the same frequently asked questions every time I met someone new. The idea of the zen levels is to get to know other people first as humans before socially categorizing them. It's about showing them your personality instead of telling them all your credentials up front. Level 3 is fine, if you're at a dinner party or something like that with people you don't know and you just have to talk to someone because it's boring otherwise. Usually social situations work better though if there's some sort of shared activity or purpose to the event. Think about how people meet all their best friends in college and in high school. At these stages of one's life people haven't been split off into their social segments yet and have plenty to talk about because they are helping each other study for exams, or playing on sports teams together or working on other practical projects like organizing clandestine weekend keggers. It's in these situations that people really get to know each other, instead of just this social filtering process that usually passes for conversation. There are some things that are only a crime when certain people who disapprove are merely aware that they took place. Reddit runs on Cassandra + PostgreSQL. They use Cassandra as a key/value store and not as the primary database though. Android is Linux. From what I've seen of Microsoft's marketing against competitors, there strategy is to pretend that Linux does not exist. With regards to point 4, for some people, never ever criticizing people or losing one's temper can require a lot of effort. In this case, Linux really does mean freedom. I think this is the case in Russia because the odds of the government shaking you down, taking all your stuff and then throwing you in some awful prison are about the same whether what you're doing is perfectly legitimate or totally illegal. My favorite eXile article of all time has to be "Embrace the Pain" : http://exile.ru/articles/detail.php?ARTICLE_ID=7347&IBLO... This is why I don't watch movies anymore or read anything but the classics. Why fill your brain with images and thoughts you're not allowed to make reference to without paying someone. Why not just watch all your movies on YouTube, even if they are crappy homemade ones, at least you'll be able to make reference to them later. Basically, I never let my thoughts get owned and polluted by restrictive copyright owners, especially when it comes to entertainment. It's a big game of core war(see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Core_War ) as far as I'm concerned. It almost reminds me of what happened with derivatives, securitization and HFT on wall street. The game became all about bamboozling the regulators and investors with complicated financial games instead of creating real wealth. There's this ugly thing in American business where money is made on making things overly complicated. Where instead of trying to solve economic problems people are just trying to win at chess. I knew some wall street traders who dropped out and moved to Tanzania for 2 years and had a sapling plantation. They say the locals burn the forests down around their villages because they are habitats for wildlife they hate, namely elephants and lions that routinely kill people. I've been working with Lift a bit. It is very different from any other web framework I've ever used. That said, there's some real brilliance in it, especially how Comet and Ajax work. Lately, it's gotten a lot easier to work with, as the IDE has gotten into a usable state. The learning curve is pretty steep though. You have to learn Scala, The Java APIs and the non-traditional approach to web development that Lift takes. That, and it's a young ecosystem. There aren't 101 e-commerce shopping cart systems written in it yet. I use Eclipse. For a while, during the Scala 2.7 to 2.8 transition, the Scala support was so bad I actually switched back to Emacs. Now it's fairly usable, though not as full featured as the Eclipse's Java support. I would also highly recommend you setup JRebel with Lift. It makes the development cycle go much faster. Foursquare switched to Lift at the end of 2009. You can see the traffic growth patterns for both foursquare.com and gowalla.com here: http://siteanalytics.compete.com/foursquare.com+gowalla.com/... Being overweight and obese is caused by eating too many calories. No really. If you don't believe me you can get the very long exhaustive scientific treatment of the subject over here: http://www.fourmilab.ch/hackdiet/www/hackdiet.html Well if you want to be a uber-meta-contrarian you learn the art and do your own research. Otherwise you're just repeating what someone else said who either did their own research, or pretended to in order support some pre-determined conclusion. For the two most important dates in the history of software, I nominate: September 26th 1983 : Faulty Soviet software almost ends the world. September 27th 1983 : Gnu Project announced. Swoopo works for the same reason slot machines are enormously popular, even though the house always wins. The leadership knows how to move their peas around on the plate but they don't know how to cook. Naah.. The government will just require your unique citizen identifier in the bottom 64 bits. You won't be able to sign up for an ISP or a cell phone or any other connected device without it. Why do you think they made the address space so absurdly huge? Ok, it's a paranoid theory for now but I couldn't think of any other possible reason for such a large address space besides being permanent unique identifcation of clients, like a mac address. The bandwidth wasted on sending those addresses around multiplied by every packet on the internet seems ridiculously wastefull otherwise. For instance, there will probably never be 2^128 packets created and sent on the internet between now and the heat death of the universe. This reminds me of the clipper chip episode back during the Clinton administration, except it's actually worse. You don't understand how large 2^128 is do you? Let's quit all this handwavy crap about how that's a nice big number and look at how absurdly big it is. The number of seconds since the universe started is 13.75 billion * 86400 * 365 = 4.3 x 10 ^ 17 seconds. U.S Internet traffic was 18 exabytes (1 exabyte=10^18 bytes) a year, so let's just say that that we are sending 18 exabytes a second since the beginning of the universe and we are counting each byte. Yes, each set of 8 1s and 0s. How many is that? 4.3 x 10 ^17 * 18 * 10^18 = 7.74 * 10 ^36. 2^128= 3.4 + 10 ^ 38 / (7.74 * 10^36 ) =~ 43. So you could have a different ip address for every byte sent over the Internet, assuming the traffic for the whole year was sent over the course of 1 second for every second in 43 times the current age of the universe. There are many different aspects as to why health care is so expensive in the US. I never really hear about doctor's salaries being mentioned as a cause. I was browsing glassdoor.com a few nights ago. The professions making more than 300k a year as salaried employees were almost all medical specialists. I really doubt any other country pays their doctors that well. The real problem with democracy is Parkinson's law of triviality, otherwise known as BikeShedding. Every executive on the board knows what color they want to paint the office bike shed. They argue about it for hours. How to build the plant or do something complicated is left to overpaid consultants or specialists who are given the hands-off treatment. Same thing with legislation. Take an issue like gay marriage. Everyone can understand it at some level, so everyone has an opinion on it and it becomes a popular subject to talk about when discussing politics. Now take something like financial regulation. The future of the country is riding on it, but it's too complicated for most people and thus people fall asleep after 5 minutes of talking about it, so it's handed off to specialists and consultants who work for the finance industry. The Chinese gov probably wants to keep the "Tax-Exempt Foundations" from gaining too much influence. The Chinese are very paranoid about influence in their society. They shut down bloggers who get popular, even if they're just talking about stock tips or dating. They shut down talent shows and professional sports if there's any individual who is becoming too popular. That's why there is comparatively little sports and celebrity culture in China. When the average Chinese person looks out into eternity, the Chinese government wants them to see what the Chinese government wants them to see and not a bunch of celebrities and sports stars, as the average citizens of western nations do. Vim used to have an edge when emacs was viewed as "bloated" for using 8 megs of ram, but now that's pretty negligible. On big projects I can get eclipse to use more than 2 gigs! No conspiracy theory necessary. There are only a small number of people who can design and build things of nuclear reactor level complexity from scratch and they mostly work at government labs and for major engineering firms. The government wanted these people to focus their attention on the designs that would be useful for the cold war weapons programs so the thorium reactors just didn't get built. Yeah it's called prisoner's dilemma. The strategy is called tit-for-tat. Bittorrent uses it to keep peers from misbehaving; look it up. The "Suppose there was a" conversations get kind of annoying when they start to talk about things that are not likely to exist anytime in the near future, like a perfect virtual simulation of the world. My objection to the claim that we are in a perfect simulation of reality is that that's not falsifiable. Falsifiability is a really really interesting concept. It's not particularly popular among mystics because it sort of invalidates the whole religion thing. Game wise, Farmville has the feel of nickel slots. You give up something of value, your spare time, for a chance at a reward. Since many view their time as low value, the reward is worth it. The interaction is based solely on luck. The buying of virtual goods helps people justify the time they waste on the game because it shows them that in game rewards have cash value. I would really love to read a full blown social psych journal article on Farmville. Come on, it's a movie where the hero uses Emacs! Unless you are vi bigot, you're going to love it. Well Foursquare's Scala/Lift front-end sure has been holding up nicely despite all the FUD about Lift's stateful architecture. Funny that Mongo DB, which gets all the scalability hype, is the first thing to have trouble scaling. I think what I don't like about the "simulation of reality" proposition is it implies that death does not have its normal negative consequences and thus causes values to be not the same as they normally would be under not "simulation of reality" circumstances. The best thing to do to avoid crap like this is charge a decent hourly rate and don't let the clock run too long before you get your first check. They will not waste your time. I think the problem with education is the same problem we have with health care. That is, the belief that every single problem can be solved by just increasing the budget. I think technological progress has slowed down dramatically. in 60 years we went from the first plane to landing on the moon. We haven't been back to the moon since. The invention of electricity, atomic theory, radio, the internal combustion engine were all far more world changing inventions than anything we've developed over the last 60 years, including the Internet. For instance, we are desperately trying to keep Iran from getting hold of 60 year old technology (uranium refining)! I love studying the period in history between the franco-prussian war and World War II (1871-1940). The speed at which technology snuck up on the world and completely changed it was astonishing. The rules for all of this are already described in John Fonte's Why There is A Culture War: http://www.hoover.org/publications/policy-review/article/780... The movie was not sufficiently critical of hegemonic values to reach the threshold of cultural acceptability. I have a Sony Vaio VGN-SR520G. Everything Ubuntu-wise works perfectly. I think the perfect model is the one Mohammed Unis advocates: so called "social entrepreneurship". The business makes a profit but it has a set of shareholders who control all voting rights who are interested in having the business do things that are not only motivated by profit. In a way, Google is a bit like this. Sergei and Larry setup the company in such a way that they have far more voting rights than the non-founders and thus use Google to pursue aims that are more social, for instance developing new energy technology or cars that drive themselves, etc. Any of you guys use CakePHP? I've inherited a project that uses it. It seems ok, a bit like Rails... People who tend to accept things authority figures tell them without some sort of critical analysis I feel are the most threatened by unfamiliar ideas. I'll listen to just about anybody talk about anything. I don't find other people's beliefs particularly threatening no matter what they are. I often have people open up to me and tell me all sorts of strange stuff that I don't think they'd mention to anyone else. I have certainly had some interesting plane conversations. You can already do functional web programming with Scala/Lift. Be prepared for a real mind-bender of a web framework though. For instance, each form field specifies an in-line closure that gets called when the form is submitted. When you define an ajax button that is inserted into a form, clicking on that button invokes a server-side closure that's provided with the definition. There aren't any servlets, json parsing, ajax client library or anything like that in between. It's really quite nice. Just really really different. PHP will continue to do well because it is the most extreme example of the "Worse is Better" ( http://www.jwz.org/doc/worse-is-better.html ) design style. "Worse is Better" software designs (e.g Unix, C) have shown to be far more popular in the market than more elaborately designed systems (Common Lisp, etc). A little off-topic here, but it kind of puzzles me why MongoDB gets so much attention and the other half of FourSquare's stack: Scala/Lift, that scales just fine, and has not given them problems at all gets hardly any attention. wouldn't believe there is anything to be done to your brain, like enhancing cognitive abilities through drugs, without unintended consequences. Although there are many illegal drugs that have negative consequences, the practice of applying this as a naive general law of medicine is largely a result of many years of this idea, or ideas similar to it, being drilled into us by the war on drugs propaganda machine. Each substance must be evaluated on a case by case basis and if people have been taking certain drugs for 30 years with no deleterious effect, the evidence is certainly in favor of long term safety, or even * gasp * benefit. There are other beliefs similar to this, such as any radio signal emitting device causes cancer, that have silently entered the culture as fact without much science to support them. I have actually programmed professionally in APL. You don't ever ever ever want to go there. Reading that stuff is awful. I think the youtube acquisition was more about controlling the direction of online video than anything else. Before Youtube, online video was a mishmash of proprietary codecs. Proprietary online video was the only thing at that time that Microsoft or some other big player could use to destroy the open web platform. Isn't the federal analog act what they use to bust people who are selling fake drugs? The reasoning being, well you said it was the same as illegal drug x so we're busting you as if you were selling illegal drug x (even if what you were selling is perfectly legal oregano). It's a really kind of Alice in Wonderland war on drugs reality but it actually happens all the time. Just put into google news "busted for selling fake drugs" or something like that and you'll get tons of stories. World War II was really boring if you lived in South America at the time. Here's the breakdown by county. As you can see, this is quite the popular initiative in startup land: http://vote.sos.ca.gov/maps/ballot-measures/19/ The climate change debate isn't a debate anymore. It's just a yelling match peppered with a lot of ad hominem attacks and the solution is always cap and trade. The solution goes nowhere though because China and India tell us we caused the problem and so we must unilaterally cut our consumption of greenhouse gases. Meanwhile Russia is building a big oil and gas network stretching into China totally outside the reach of the would be international climate regulators and cap and trade financial superstructure. Besides, cap and trade is just a way to pay corrupt politicians in developing countries to shut down industry and impoverish their citizens and better yet, starve their citizens by tearing up all their farm land and building inedible ethanol crops. The irony is that the left are the ones who are super-enthusiastic about enacting draconian climate change legislation which dramatically increases the cost of energy for those in the lower income bracket and seriously handicaps the development and improvement in living standards of any developing country foolish enough to go along with the already smugly developed world's agenda. BTW, Technology Review has really become quite ideological lately and is much less of a science magazine then it used to be. >The researchers argue that their work shows it is morally unacceptable... Science just tells you how things work not how they "ought" to work. The "ought" is the province of philosophers, and mystics. Unfortunately, atheists need someone to act as an authority for them on difficult moral questions, and so "Scientists" (with a capital S) are there preachers and prophets. BTW, I'm an atheist and I find it funny how other atheists want to replace religion with something like a religion that's just dressed up in "Science". I think the best option for the community is to stick to JDK 1.6 and never upgrade. If people get sick of the Java language going nowhere they can just use Scala on JDK 1.6, or some sort of fork of the Java language that compiles to bytecode that runs on 1.6, etc. I really can't see any of the open source projects embracing the commercial feature set. 1.6 is a really great platform. I don't see it being obsoleted, at least on the server side, for at least 5 more years and no doubt code will live on in production that runs on 1.6 practically forever. Yeah but unless Google buys Oracle or wins the Dalvik lawsuit and implements a better server side JVM than Oracle, I just don't see how it can happen. Closures work fine in Scala, BTW. Hey whatever happened to Parrot? You know the common VM for Perl and Python that was supposed to be the basis for Perl6? Here's an old HN story about it. In fact, in the comments someone proposes porting Clojure to Parrot: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=552850 Has anyone played around with LLVM's JVM Implementation? It supposedly runs Tomcat and Eclipse... http://vmkit.llvm.org/ Judging by the public facebook photos I've seen lately by my friends in their 20s, I think women are getting less, shall we say, "modest". Don't forget the big CouchSurfing ( http://techcrunch.com/2006/06/29/couchsurfing-deletes-itself... ) crash. They appear to have recovered from it though. It's possible to make a relational schema without nulls. Most people avoid it though because it adds extra tables and makes queries more complex, in some situations. In others it can make them simpler. Here's a better summary for the more biochemically nerdy: http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/par7.htm I gave up alcohol a while ago. Reading stuff like this gave me a good excuse to never go back. I read a couple of specialized news blogs written mostly by people out of Hong Kong about things going on in China. It's pretty amazing story involving 1/6th of humanity. Here's some good blogs if you want to follow along: http://www.zonaeuropa.com/weblog.htm http://www.chinahush.com/ http://www.danwei.org/ There are many others. A good movie to watch is "Manufactured Landscapes" if you want to see the dark side of all this. Also, "Dwelling Narrowness" is a good mainland Chinese drama. Some versions on the Internet are available with fan contributed English subtitles. It does a pretty good job IMHO of talking about a lot of the apolitical transformations that are going on in Chinese society. The per-pupil spending graph reminds me of the healthcare spending as a percent of gdp graph. They are both symptoms of the very American ideology that the only way to improve anything is to blindly spend more money on it. The funny thing is China isn't an imperialist country. They're primarily concerned with their internal affairs and with the rest of the world insofar as they need their raw materials and advanced technology. They're not very interested in leading and controlling the world like the west seems to be so obssessed with. I looked at the source. Apparently they are writing NE2000 drivers in Haskell. It appears that this is more of a platform for writing an OS in Haskell with the help of Xen and not really for web apps. You could also use bitcoins to buy access to restricted torrents and to get leach credit on p2p sites as well as to pay opennic dns providers. This was all laid out in Zbigniew Brzezinski's book "The Technetronic Era" back in the early 70s. They've been hard at work on all of this ever since. It's part of a clear detailed long-term vision and they've just been putting the finishing touches on it and everyone acts like it just happened all by itself. http://www.amazon.com/Between-Two-Ages-Americas-Technetronic... >"The technetronic era involves the gradual appearance of a more controlled society. Such a society would be dominated by an elite, unrestrained by traditional values. Soon it will be possible to assert almost continuous surveillance over every citizen and maintain up-to-date complete files containing even the most personal information about the citizen. These files will be subject to instantaneous retrieval by the authorities." (This was an excellent prediction although it is slightly worse now.) >'In the technotronic society the trend would seem to be towards the aggregation of the individual support of millions of uncoordinated citizens, easily within the reach of magnetic and attractive personalities effectively exploiting the latest communications techniques to manipulate emotions and control reason." (Fox CNN and facebook?) >"Today we are again witnessing the emergence of transnational elites ... [Whose] ties cut across national boundaries ...It is likely that before long the social elites of most of the more advanced countries will be highly internationalist or globalist in spirit and outlook ... The nation-state is gradually yielding its sovereignty... Further progress will require greater American sacrifices. More intensive efforts to shape a new world monetary structure will have to be undertaken, with some consequent risk to the present relatively favorable American position." I think if Mark wanted to give back to the world he should do what Elon Musk is doing and start high risk businesses that can create widespread beneficial change in the world. That's why I'm sticking with the IPhone! I always want to be assured that I won't be out-sexied by any other smart phone user, as long as I upgrade once a year. People will also know that my choice of IPhone as my primary communications device signals that I have the largest number of sex partners, on average, of any smartphone user. http://mashable.com/2010/08/10/iphone-sex-okcupid/ Somebody should make a smart phone that is based on the c64. At least nobody will be able to sue them for patent infringement. ;) Don't worry. We'll lock down campaign contributions so much that only the six major corporations that control the mainstream media in the U.S can cover their campaigns. >Back in 1983, approximately 50 corporations controlled the vast majority of all news media in the United States. Today, ownership of the news media has been concentrated in the hands of just six incredibly powerful media corporations. http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/who-owns-the-med... The most unpleasant fact about the education business is what to do with the not so bright kids and how to keep them from holding back the bright kids. (Yes I know, all children are above average and are fully capable of absolutely anything if they just try) It's a little like a communist central planners dream come true... Have a giant computer make all the decisions in the economy faster than a human could. I think p3p was just an attempt to f' over Google and other ad networks by breaking adsense, etc. It seems Internet Explorer always comes out with some new "feature" every version to try and break adsense. The only time I've ever been able to fully and consistantly crash ie8 was embedding Adsense in a web widget. I've read that a few Vim users have switched to Emacs to take advantage of ENSIME, which is a really nifty Scala development environment. Since we're off topic anyway, here's my favorite Trotsky quote: "You may not be interested in war, but war is interested in you". A full grown cow in the west can sell for $500 to $2000 depending on weight and breed. The main input for a cow is pasture, which is plentiful in rural Kenya. More importantly $80 for a solar panel is a lot cheaper, over time, than the ride into town and back. Since this all makes practical economic sense, it didn't require an aid agency to come their and tell them to do it all. JRebel lets you change a running Scala program without having to restart the appserver and integrates well with IDEs. I find it's easily worth its price in the amount of productivity it adds when doing Scala web development. What exactly do you bribe a guy estimated to have 40 billion in liquid assets with? It's funny because I am sure a corrupt Russian politician must have a strange existential crisis when they get that much money. It's like that guy who built the $300 million dollar custom yacht because you literally can't spend that much money on a house if you tried. There's this website EnglishRussia.com where they have regular features on $500,000 Bentley's that have been abandoned in a ditch somewhere. It seems these corrupt politicians have all this money and don't know what to do with it all and are just buying expensive cars and crashing them in some sort of nihilistic denial that there is any other point to life than acquiring loot. I was starting to feel like I was in a dead end job a couple years back and then I started programming like I wanted to quit but leave the company in a good position. I automated everything. All of a sudden I had copious amounts of spare time to work on interesting projects and the business started growing rapidly as we were able to scale easily to larger operations and add more revenue with fewer mistakes and more customer satisfaction. I kept up the same pattern, and a couple years later the company is doing better than ever, I've gotten raises, etc. I've also been able to move-on from boring maintenance to new projects as the old stuff practically runs itself. Moral of the story is, if you are getting bored you're probably not automating enough or making tools to let non-tech people do most day to day stuff. If your management has a problem with that, or prevents you from doing that, then you should move on. Moral of the story folks. Be very careful about people you go into business with. If you smell a hint of "douche" or especially narcissism, just walk away. I often find that things that really don't exist wind up with spam results. For instance, if you type in "free ipad" into google you will likely get thousands of search results, all spam because they don't actually exist. Similarly, contact and personal information for CEOs of major corporations does not exist online either and any search will turn up spam. One more example, to add to the many. If you get a genuine wrong number call from somebody who made a simple mistake and type their caller id into the internet, you'll just get a bunch of reverse phone lookup spam while if you search for a phone number of a know telemarketer or bill collector, you'll likely get a full dossier on that company. Unplugging and just staring at the wall for a couple of hours alone is good for creativity. It tends to lead to a good mental environment for "image streaming". "Image Streaming" is watching a movie in your mind made up of as many memories and things you can imagine pieced together, usually focused on a particular topic. It's basically a way to access the enormous power of the right-side of the brain. The investment banks are stuffed full of money they got from the fed buying all their worthless MBSs they sold to them at par. They are just dying to find some other bubble to invest it in. You see, when too much money is idly sloshing around the economy it sooner or later finds a bubble to invest in. It has to be something new and shiny though with "unlimited" growth potential in order to really get the bubble going though. As usual the Onion does a better job explaining it than I ever could: http://www.theonion.com/articles/recessionplagued-nation-dem... One thing that's disturbing these days is there is even a huge gap in wealth between someone in the top 1% and the top 0.1%. Mainstream Economics assumes the monetary system and government policy are some abstract and perfect continuous function. As perfect example the IS/LM curve. They aren't though, they can radically change the rules anytime they want to throwing years of equations out the window. Imagine the utter theoretical chaos that would be caused if the U.S defaulted on its bonds because Treasuries represent the "Risk free rate of interests" variable present in perhaps thousands of economic models. That 353-808-A331 is the lower 64 bits of your ipv6 address anytime you do anything online. You won't have to login anywhere! If you need to do something important you'll just sign with your private key and the gov will graciously provide the public key keyserver. I've been trying to tell that to everybody for years. Your Fair Score is actually your TerrorScore. Would you like to sort social media profiles by TerrorScore? They will undoubtedly use Google PageRank like Eigenvectors to calculate it based on who you're linked to and your ipv6 traffic profile. I hate to be an Ipv6 cynic but after all, Ipv4 NAT is the best thing that ever happened to online anonymity. The reality of this phenomenon is that people who have done everything "perfectly" in their life and academic career feel a bit cheated when their income tops out in between 100k and 200k. They might be senior engineers or doctors or lawyers but they've hit this brick wall as far as income, sometimes in their 30s and yet there are all these people out there that make more than 10x or even 100x their annual income. Now there are four ways that I am aware of to make more than about 200k/year. 1. Be an investor/entrepreneur in your own company. 2. Have stock in a company that IPOs or get bought. 3. Work in high finance at a well performing hedge fund or a maor wall street firm. 4. Be a senior partner in a major law firm or an experienced surgeon in an in-demand specialty. Though you'll still top out at about 500k, at least according to glassdoor.com. Did I miss any? On the Java version you forgot equals() and hashcode(). Scala's case classes give you that for free. I only post stuff to Facebook that I would tell any random stranger, like I had a good trip somewhere or I read a good book or I saw a movie. Even if I was convinced of the privacy of that site, I still want there to be a bit of mystery. I remember when this all got started in the early 90s. The 80s were pretty mellow but then I think the Polly Klass murder in California was a watershed moment where the politicians and the news media just went for it with the insane anti-male paranoid stuff. All the school policies changed and everything got excessively locked down and paranoid. >The point was: people are incoherent in their dismissal of argument from authority. E.g. many (most?) in anti-GM movement also acknowledge anthropogenic global warming as true, obviously having no issue with IPCC authority on it. This is just using an ad hominem to attack people who cite the argument from authority fallacy. Science is also based on careful examination of empirical evidence, not unsubstantiated pronouncements by authority figures. Yet another sign that we are in the midst of a new tech bubble. Zippity doo dah! Bubbles are a lot of fun, except when apartment hunting in San Francisco. I can't wait for some social media startup in S.F to start throwing raves at their offices every week. You'll know there's only about a year left on the bubble when that starts happening. It means that your IDE can add all sorts of auto complete magic and cross-referencing if it knows the types and semantics of the code it is displaying. It can also prevent runtime errors to some extent via static analysis of the query. If I want a high-powered computer to run desktop Linux I go for HP. They certify and rigorously test a subset of their desktop systems to fully support Linux: http://h20338.www2.hp.com/enterprise/cache/321143-0-0-0-121.... I wonder if there's such a thing as startup groupies. /joke This onion article is now more relevant than ever: http://www.theonion.com/articles/recessionplagued-nation-dem... >The flag this waves for me is how easy is it to manipulate Bing results using false MSIE reports back to MS, anyone know of botnets sending fake data to boost page rankings?? You sir, have won the thread. >"We need a standard measure of web quality. " To think that you can come up for an objective standard of quality for any search term is ridiculous. Why not just have a search engine return whatever your objective standard demands everytime and have a perfect score, if it's so easy? I've taught computer science and I've seen that one's brain either understands computing concepts, or it doesn't. I've seen people with no programming experience pick it up pretty quickly. I've also seen people who were otherwise smart not get anywhere at all. If people can get past assignment, indirection, and boolean logic, they'll probably do fine. Understanding concurrency is also a sort of fundamental brain ability, but is something that fewer people have the ability for and is not necessary for every programming task. I am really getting a kick out of the ironic juxtaposition of the most technologically primitive segment of the world population getting space up here at the top of Hacker News. After all, the Hacker News audience represents arguably the most technologically sophisticated segment of the world population. I think this is where all the zero tolerance policies come from. If there is any disciplinary decision that is made where there is discretion by an administrator, there is an opportunity for a lawsuit. With zero tolerance, you remove discretion so you avoid lawsuits at the expense of unnecessarily disciplining students. So the poorest parents in the whole school have a huge incentive to get their kid kicked out of the school for disciplinary problems, especially if they are a minority and can sue for a big settlement. Some people perceive that their most valuable commodity is to be damaged, such that they can sue for it. In a poorer minority neighborhood near where I used to live I remember reading a report about a super market closing down a few years back -- when times were relatively good. They cited shoplifting and numerous slip and fall lawsuits against them as reasons for shutting. Another thing to keep in mind is to think about how many unique search queries are entered into Google on a daily basis. I don't know what the figure is at Google, but some engineer at Bing said that 25% of searches they've never seen before. You can't get a human to look at each of these searches and remove the content farms, you have to do it algorithmically or else it will never work. Getting users to do the work will help with the most egregious abuses. One thing that content farms are good at is coming up with answers for questions that don't have an answer available on-line. For example, the query "what's the personal cell phone number of ?" will just take you to a spam farm because that's the only kind of website that claims to know the answer. I think American women forget that marriage is a team sport not a struggle for feudal dominance of one partner over the other. It seems with American women there is always a very precise accounting of slights, perceived or otherwise, that are used to demand payment in humiliation or suffering of the other. It's like they're on the "Women team", always thinking to themselves what the "Women team leaders" will think of them in every situation in their struggle against the multiple centuries of male patriarchy-- instead of being on the family team. They destroy relationships to please the contrived abstract ideals they've been indoctrinated to worship and fight against their desires for a relationship based on team work and mutual shared goals. I used to see sock puppets on yahoo finance message boards for small energy companies. The sock puppet would repeat the same five or six canned messages several times a day under multiple aliases. They would never reply to criticism or anyone responding to their posts. I would come back weeks later and the same sock puppets would still be there with the same repetitive slightly varying messages posted in enormous quantities. my suspicion is that this was some bigger energy companies paying some black PR to pay people (probably in a business process outsourcing sweat shop somewhere in a developing country) to repetitively post these things, or write scripts to do so, in order to drive down the price of these small energy companies so they could be acquired. The hallmark of a sockpuppet is not responding with anything but a canned ad-hominem response, and posting the same set of talking points in enormous volume. I think my favorite reddit is http://www.reddit.com/r/iama Lots of tabloidy Jerry Springer show sex stuff but also lots of fascinating people too. I think http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk is also great. It's a reddit dedicated to making fun of the rest of reddit. What other site has a section devoted to making fun of itself? The health care debate in the U.S is a microcosm of all this. The only thing that people argue about is how much more money we're going to spend on it, and we already spend far more, as a percentage of GDP, on health care than any other nation. Any solution that has to do with process innovation, technology innovation or any sort of thing that would otherwise upset the status quo besides more money is largely ignored. There are so many vested interest involved that the only thing they can all support is even more money being poured down the same old rathole. JRebel is a must when doing Scala web development. It's not free but it definitely speeds up the development process as it eliminates almost all instances where one would have to restart the app server for code changes. Of note is that Foursquare is also the most high profile Scala/Lift site. Think about the economy of China since 1974. Why do they always have to do these shots at night? Is it because the processing to render far away objects in the background is just too much for the engine and they have to compensate by making these things at night so the background behind the characters is black or something close to them? Which is why Braid and Minecraft did so well, even though they were largely programmed by single individuals instead of large teams. They took risks that the big studios wouldn't take. Just wait. After the swag is handed out to a bunch of goofballs recruited by an ebay reseller who bought all the tickets with a bot, the whole place will empty out and they'll have to give out free passes to anyone with a google apps account or something like that. All this internal politics between different UI teams seems like evidence of a clear lack of technological vision at the top. People who like APL do not often code with readability as their number 1 priority. In fact, to code in APL one must have an outright disdain for the idea that someone else could easily understand their code. This is the record industry's inflation adjusted Doctor Evil moment. Have any of you guys ever seen pictures of the Woodstock festival in the 60s? Everyone is skinny. It's something besides "The western diet" and meat-eating that's causing obesity to increase. A lot of diet news these days has the appearance of vegetarian activism with a severe case of confirmation bias, in that any study that remotely hints that meat eating is bad for health gets front page coverage. The exercise issue is a red-herring. Sure you can run for an hour and burn 600 calories, or you can just skip a meal. What's gone wrong with our diet is most likely occurring at the metabolic level with the types of processed foods we eat. This isn't the first time Samsung did this kind of thing. On their android phones, they have a system called CarrierIQ that is deeply embedded into the system and can monitor practically all aspects of phone usage. http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11763089 In line with the whole low glycemic index thing, I've been doing Tim Ferris's slow carb diet lately. The main thing about it that gets me endless ridicule is that Tim is big on eating the same few simple meals over and over again. This is absolute sacrilege in west coast foodie culture. I see hundreds of thousands of billable hours of mechanical turk and dungeon grade Indian and Chinese IT Services time spent +1ing SEO spam farm links. If you are a billionaire you buy a news network and then hire a pundit, heck a whole panel of pundits to say whatever negative things you want to say about anybody. I actually have noscript blocking facebook.com and fbcdn.com and facebook cookies. I really don't feel like I've missed anything. The times I've read facebook comments, it felt like they were on the level of people giving "I propose a toast to..." speeches at dinner parties. In a bitcoin system, fractional reserve banking flat out will NOT work so you can completely forget about all of macroeconomics done in the last 300 years. Instead it works like an economy that is not merely a gold standard but an economy where gold tokens are actually traded physically and are the only currency that is permitted. An example of this would be the economy of the Byzantine empire which was very stable and lasted over 1000 years. It was constructed in such a way as a reaction in part to the relentless debasement of the western roman empire's currency, which many believed was a central cause of its decline. Certificates valid for one bitcoin are not bitcoins though. There is no reason to keep your money with a bank for safekeeping as their is for physical gold which is how the whole fractional reserve system got started. The goldsmith would give you receipts valid for your gold so you could safekeep it with him. Also, there is no government to print up fiat to bail out the banking system, so when loans default investors lose their money permanently. FYI, the term for directing internet vigilantism at an innocent third party is known as a "Joe job"( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_job ). It originated as a spammer's revenge tactic. Meh, looks like an ad hoc copy of some C# features. Scala is much cleaner IMHO. Long time desktop Linux user here. I used Linux on the desktop in the late 90s when the only usable GUI apps were Netscape 4.7, Xemacs and terminal windows and there were some half-baked Windows95 like window managers. I got a heck of a lot of real work done on that config though. The darkest day for Linux was when Windows 2000 came out. It was a Windows that didn't crash, had good networking and performed pretty well. A lot of people I knew who had been using Linux up to that point switched back. I think with Android and Ubuntu over the last few years there's been a new dawn and Linux has caught back up as a end-user OS. For instance, I needed to scan a document and I was prepared for the hours of fiddling that I thought was probably necessary to get this to work with my Canon scanner/printer/copier. I used Simple Scan, it worked perfectly the first time I used it without reading the manual and with no configuration and it saved to a multi-page PDF. Mind=Blown! I blame "The Social Network" movie. That was the first movie that made software development look like a fun way to party, make tons of money and get hot chicks. The Palo Alto dev house pot smoking scenes and the fictional Sean Parker antics were quite amusing in that regard. That, and there's easy money in software these days. We already have "A centrally-controlled, government-sanctioned/mandated fork of the protocol". It's called the federal reserve system and it is very networked, efficient, etc. and has almost none of the features of bitcoin because it doesn't need them. All the features of bitcoin are there so it isn't possible for any one entity to centrally control it. It would be ridiculous for a fork to be created that would be centrally controlled. It would be like saying someone should fork open office and turn it into a submarine control system. It's as if every politically correct statement should be prefixed with the pre-amble: "Since I know that you are all racist/sexist/homophobes and think that Straight White American Males are superior to all other beings, I am going to use one as the person in this narrative who commits a negative act in order to avoid further reinforcing your beliefs!" Since you are from the middle east and do not believe that Straight White American Males are superior to all other beings, the political correctness seems ridiculous, as it does to most people from non white-majority countries. In fact, it seems that the white people who have the strongest underlying beliefs that they are superior to other races and that they should constantly remind themselves to feel guilty about it are the strongest advocates of political correctness. If you want to miss as little as possible, find the most advanced technical material you can possibly find that interests you and read all the pre-requisite material until you can read and fully understand it. That way, you take the most direct path to at least having the tools to understand everything that interests you. Well even the most lenient interpretation of the old testament leads one to believe that God is angry and vengeful, especially if not respected. I think the idea that God only exists if he's a nice guy is a bit of a strawman argument promulgated by atheists. Congratulation to Barnes & Nobles. They are one of the few brick and mortar retailers that was able to embrace the Internet age instead of fighting or ignoring it. Their agility would make a great business school case study. One thing chess taught me -- for better or for worse, I'm not sure -- is that for certain kinds of intelligence there is a very cleanly delineated hierarchy among people. There were chess players that were better than me at the game and they would usually win. There were chess players who were worse than me and I would regularly beat them. They finally started making money again last quarter: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/is?s=BKS They also managed to survive while Border's went broke: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=BKS&t=6m&l=on&z=... The stock is so beaten down because when Borders started to fall over it looked like book stores were all going to die one by one just like the brick and mortar music stores did. The Chinese have not had a tradition of colonialism. They're just not as obsessed with controlling the world as the west is. They are assertive over neighboring areas that have been arguably part of China for a long time like Tibet, Taiwan, Macau and Hong Kong but that's pretty negligible compared to the global domination aspirations of the Soviets, the Axis powers or Colonial European powers. You are one of 500 million "customers" who aren't even paying them any money. They can drop you at any time. I find that in order to run Eclipse properly with lots of plug-ins, a fairly big project and Tomcat running at the same time you NEED 4gb. Yes, Java uses a lot of memory but I have 9 gb in my desktop so I'm just fine thanks. 4gb dimms are available for about $54, according to Pricewatch, so quit complaining. Each dollar bill has the words "Federal Reserve Note" in big type at the top. That is because they represent debt of the federal reserve. The bureau of printing and engraving prints them for the federal reserve to hand out and is reimbursed for the cost of printing by the federal reserve. Federal reserve notes have the very handy attribute in that they are the only currency that can be used to settle U.S tax liabilities. One thing about bitcoin... since there's no central server, the bitcoin economy can live all over the world and there's no single door for the feds to bust down. A war against it would look like the music companies trying to shutdown pirates in developing countries. A decade long crusade of state department aggressive diplomacy to get a global 3 strikes copyright policy enforced. It appears you've confused China with a dollarized economy, like Panama or Ecuador. China bails out its banks with Reminbi, which the people's bank of China prints electronically -- not with dollars. China's national debt is 4% of GDP and they have balanced trade. They don't need to borrow when they have 3 trillion in reserves. Totally different animal we're talking about here. "Ordinary chinese citizens save $1T in bank deposits." Wrong. Chinese save in Renminbi. Mall developers pay builders in Renminbi. Banks potentially default on borrowers in Renminbi. Dollars are only for buying commodities, and external trade. There's 1/5 of the world's population in China who trade and do work for each other and they don't pay each other with dollars. Does Copenhagen Suborbitals reminds anyone a bit of "The Gun Club" in Jules Verne's "From Earth To The Moon"? ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/From_the_Earth_to_the_Moon ) Why would it be illegal if bitcoins are never exchanged for dollars? I know it's totally utterly contrary to human nature, but if everyone got up tomorrow and left their wallets at home and took things from stores with the consent of the owner and went to work, but received no pay, and stood in line at the soup kitchen and did not take from stores if they felt they had not contributed to the society, would that be illegal too? Think about it for a while. Sometimes we lose sight of what money actually is. Illinois is in an even worse mess and they don't have initiatives. I think the projects Elon Musk is working on, especially SpaceX, are probably the most meaningful grand vision kind of innovation we have. The thing is is that corporations and governments are composed of individual humans and many times their interests are intertwined. For instance, as anyone who's studied the financial crisis knows, there are plenty of people in the SEC who used to work for big wall street firms or got very cushy high paid wall street jobs after they leave the SEC. Thus, the wall street firms were not prosecuted for their possibly illegal practices during the financial crisis. The government vs the private sector is just a false conflict to divert your attention away from the individual actors with lucrative ties to the entertainment industry in the public and private sector who are driving this. That's the thing about Microsoft. It's lack of compatibility with the non-Microsoft world means that if you just "want it to work" you have to go all Microsoft. The side effect of just wanting it to work is that eventually the whole infrastructure of the company gets dragged into the Microsoft nickel-and-diming machine and the relentless upgrade treadmill. They make you pay license fees every year for unnecessary upgrades that just move the menus around and often break applications. Well in a way the proposed regime is more restrictive. China doesn't really care that much about intellectual property rights for instance. A more subtle reason for the pro-carb bias is it provides justification for vegetarianism since most vegetarian diets are much higher in carbs than fat. Vegetarians, animal rights advocates, and people who may eat meat but nevertheless are against promoting it because of their concern for the environment want to believe that their more moral diet is also healthier. The easy way to do that is by lending their confirmation bias to any scientific study that maligns high fat diets and thus meat eating and to ignore contrary research findings that does not confirm their bias. 4) you can backup your money and make it mathematically impossible to confiscate via encrypted wallets. The "with license" service only includes Oracle "Standard Edition One" which lacks lots of features. It doesn't have partitioned indexing or RAC for example -- among other missing features. Most doctors don't give a damn. They just follow exact rigid procedure. If someone dies they can exonerate themselves in front of any medical review board that bothers to investigate. They can then send the patient off to the morgue and go play golf on the weekend. Happens all the time. If a doctor reads a medical study, takes a risk, and the patient dies anyway then the medical review board will ask them to explain themselves and why they didn't follow procedure. IMHO, Zynga's moto should be "There's a lot of money in stupid". My 40 minute driving commute was really getting on my nerves. I then discovered books on tape on my smartphone and now it's pretty tolerable. Having a transit commute would be better though because I could read books on programming topics. There are no books on tape where the subject matter is programming that I'm aware of. It's pretty obvious it wouldn't work very well anyway. Maybe "Coders at Work" or "Mythical Man Month" would work well on tape though, since they're written in a narrative style without a lot of diagrams or code. I think we shouldn't overlook that Bitcoin has some interesting aspects to it that make this a very different and peculiar kind of car crash. The limited inflation and eventual deflation aspects make it more interesting then tradictional alternate currencies. The world is not going to get flooded with an unlimited supply of bitcoins just because there's more demand. How is gold not a ponzi scheme BTW? Ponzi schemes don't run for 3000 years. Looks like investors got what they were looking for: http://www.theonion.com/articles/recessionplagued-nation-dem... What is it with everything being described as a Ponzi scheme these days? Groupon, Bitcoin, Subprime MBSs, Social Security, etc. The most interesting thing about bitcoins is that when the cops come and seize your big pile of bitcoins, if it's on a truecrypted drive, and you don't give them the password, or they shoot you because you appeared armed with a USB drive, that just increases the value of the bitcoins in general and the cops can't use it to buy a new police helicopter. This is the most dangerous aspect of bitcoins by far. If properly protected, they cannot be confiscated. The attitude in communist and now most ex-communist countries ever since Stalin came to power is "why let a private individual hamstring the government with rules and lawyers when the state has the upper hand in its ability to use violence to get what it wants?". There's also a tendency toward oligarchy and power cliques. Again, a pattern created by Stalin in which his "dictatorship of the proletariat", or the governing clique rules quasi-divinely in the interest of the people and is not subject to any limits on their power. You've got to see it in terms of how the ex-communist oligarchy sees it. The airport was not upgraded by the financiers. They merely found the capital and hired the people to do it. It was the workers, the citizens of the Russian federation who made the upgrades to the airport with their hard work. They discount the risk and the ability to persuade capital to focus and instead concentrate on who actually did the physical work to do the upgrade. I'm not saying it's a correct view of reality or even in the best long term interests of their country. I'm just saying that lingering ideology, along with some paranoid nationalism thrown in is where they get their intellectual "cover" among their peers from. I think Ibatis is great for querying data out of the db and ETL operations, especially when I'm using a lot of database features. However, IMHO, Hibernate is better for crud opts on individual records because it takes care of dirty flagging and managing relationships. The unintended consequences are often the point of the law. By being "unintended", the crafters of the law creates a small intellectual barrier to understanding the ramifications of the law that perhaps half the population fail to overcome. This is enough to get just about anything through without considerable widespread public opposition. If you really want to break with traditional Java web dev then Lift is probably a good fit. It's really different from every other framework I've worked with... In kind of a good but strange way. They have MVC and restful use patterns now but the original functional approach of the framework is very powerful, though it takes some getting used to. Walmart has been trying to get into banking in the U.S for a number of years. They have had to deal with a lot of regulatory hurdles. They already have banking operations in Mexico and Canada. If Walmart is having a hard time getting past the regulators to disrupt this space, it's probably much harder for a startup. http://www.americanbanker.com/usb_issues/120_9/wal-mart-gets... http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/04... Almost reminds me of how Microsoft promoted .NET as being a runtime capable of running code generated from multiple languages. The JVM had always had this feature but it was underutilized and somewhat obscure. After the .NET launch, it took a while of explaining that the JVM could run other languages besides Java before it became widely known in the programming community. Scala designers: Please don't put unicode operators into the language. APL and every other language that tried that failed miserably. There's a point at which code compactness yields diminishing marginal returns. JS is ubiquitous because it's the only runtime that MS has ever bundled with Windows that was more or less compatible with other non-MS implementations running on non-MS platforms. It also does not utilize obfuscated and constantly changing object code formats, which is MS's forte. Whether they defaulted or not is actually quite key. You see, all the CDS (Credit default swap) holders get to demand the full face value of the Greek debt they hold from the CDS seller if Greece has defaulted. The CDS writers are going to take a huge bath if this happens. This is what took down AIG, except in that case it was subprime MBS (Mortgage backed securities) CDSs that did it. The whole real name thing was the deal killer for me. The last thing I need is more crap that will be stored forever, probably sold, analyzed, run through a bunch of machine learning algorithms and used to give me a multitude of bayesian probabilities forever and ever with my real name attached. The whole thing is just creepy. Google + isn't a financial institution or a military contractor. Why do they need to identify everybody so precisely? Hate to be a naysayer, but there is really a negligible amount of money in debt counseling. It's the finance equivalent of shoe repair. Yes, a few small well positioned operations can make a living on it, but no large company is going to bother with that business. Clients are flaky, have no money and like to do chargebacks. Every situation is a bit different, there's a lot of customer service issues and most people who would be low maintenance customers are do-it-yourselfers. Good luck! I'll just leave this right here: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20731659 How about a tagging function. Users can vote if a tag applies or not. That way you get a self-generating ontology. Startup.com is a good one. It's about a dot com that failed back in the 2000 internet bubble. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0256408/ Also, "We Live In Public" is a good one too. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0498329/ Four hour body had some pretty ridiculous stuff in it, but the diet and bodybuilding advice was pretty solid. What's interesting about the economics of all this is that the cost of an office and staff overhead is now greater than the benefit from taking insurance. Complexity has benefits but it also has a cost that tends to deliver negative marginal returns after a certain point and the U.S health care insurance industry passed that point long ago. In Northern California, a 5.8 leads to one or two "Did you feel that?" conversations and then everyone gets back to work. http://articles.sfgate.com/2010-02-05/bay-area/17847632_1_ma... Reddit also has some pretty unique emergent behavior. For example, /r/circlejerk is dedicated to making fun of the rest of reddit. What other forum has a whole section dedicated to making fun of itself? All this technology should be lowering the cost of living. Instead, constant inflation in the money supply, via the money multiplier effect, quantitative easing and continuously falling interest rates, eats up all the benefits of increased technology and transfers them to the financial sector and their clients. If there wasn't this huge parasite of debt , which is getting paid to somebody, somewhere who doesn't have to work, thank you very much, it would be dirt cheap to live and people would be able to get by very easily with most of the population not having to work. Also, if you say something inconsistent, no matter how trivial, whether it has anything to do with the alleged crime or not, even if you are completely innocent, it will likely destroy your credibility in front of the jury and thus they will believe whatever paranoid fantasy the prosecution makes up. It could be something as trivial as you came back from your trip two months ago in the afternoon not in the evening as you had claimed, for example. Hmm... So you're saying it's a light weight version of Apache Service Mix/Camel? The same way Kestrel is a lightweight implementation of JMS. Sharding with triggers is possible. It really helps that PGsql has Transaction DDL. If you need to create a new shard and rename the database table underneath, you can do it all in a transaction. Drug makers are just having trouble coming up with new drugs and making up asinine excuses. Placebos are still placebos. The great thing about BBSs was they were really really local. Craigslist is the closest thing to it these days. For me, it was the gossip and teen angst back channel for all the in-the-know nerdy high school kids in the local calling range back in the early 90s. I think a pay for facebook where invasion of your privacy wasn't the product might be an interesting idea. The reason they can continue to relentlessly push for it is because the paid lobbyists who are pushing for it are just doing their day job. They can spend the rest of their lives at it. The public only has so much spare time. >According to one of my students at Yale, where I taught English in the last decade, a colleague of mine would tell his students that they belonged to a “post-emotional” generation. No anger, no edge, no ego. Sounds like Prozac has really had an impact. These kids, when they get the rare moment of depression or rage now, should savor it, like tasting a dish that one only eats once or twice a year. Yes, Java uses a lot of memory. It uses a lot of memory mostly because it doesn't mmap static shared lib files. Most c library based systems (e.g PHP, Python, Ruby) do. When the system can mmap read only shared lib files, that uses a lot less memory because multiple processes can share them and they are only read in to memory as they are accessed thanks to the page fault mechanism of 386 protected-mode architecture. Java can't do this because Java self-modifies code (JIT) to run faster while it's running. Once all your classes are loaded into ram though, the memory gets consumed at a much more leisurely pace. However, multiple apps can't reuse each other's already mapped into memory code like they can with PHP, etc. As far as appserver restarts, just pay the money for JRebel already and quit complaining. Your life will be so much better. We don't have civilian super-sonic flight or manned space flight anymore. I'd say in some ways we're slipping backwards as far as technological progress is concerned. Progress in energy technology is particularly pathetic. Nuclear energy was discovered in the 30s and no significant new source of power has been developed since (Solar isn't significant). You go against the big media companies and their news services will make sure you don't get elected again. The news networks pick who wins and who loses elections. Propaganda works. Look at all the legislators who signed the net neutrality pledge. They were all defeated, 100%. http://thehill.com/blogs/hillicon-valley/technology/127441-e... Think of all the millions of articles that have been written about caffeine, stimulants, etc. That's all the frame of reference these journalists have, so they only look for information similar to things they already know about. It takes decades and a multi-million dollar drug company marketing budget for a new idea in medicine to become widely familiar. Take, for example, the unique nature of SSRI anti-depressants vs the ones that came before. For years most people didn't get Prozac. Is it an upper? A downer? Like speed? Like heroin? Like Valium? Like benzos? It took forever for it to become widely understood that it was something all together different. The rule in American government is that only solutions that will be considered to any political problem must involve spending more money. If you want to shut down Homeland Security, I would suggest proposing replacing it with a new agency that can spend more money than Homeland Security is currently spending. Which is why I use the ACS third party ROM, which has CarrierIQ removed, on my Sprint phone . It also runs MUCH faster than the normal Sprint ROM. At the beginning of the day when I'm lying in bed, after looking at my calendar and reading the morning email when I get up, I picture myself going through my whole day in my mind. Whenever I get stuck in the middle of the day, I take some time to let my right brain image stream through the rest of my current task, which usually gets me back on track. People vote based on bikeshed issues. Absolutely everyone has an opinion on gay marriage even it affects about 50,000 gay people who want to get married nationwide. However, people are bored to death by and largely ignore financial and patent reform even though it directly affects the future of almost everyone in the country. The Chinese gov is a bit more hands on regulating the morality and frivolity of TV. Even totally apolitical TV shows like match-making shows, which they feel degrade the moral character of the citizenry, are taken off the air by fiat. For example: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/07... The "No Passwords" prediction is overlooking a big stumbling block: biometric data is not that secret and cannot be changed once intercepted. You might as well just walk up to an ATM, and speak your social security number. So the ATM is secure, but it's just another trusted client with all its associated problems. The only thing biometric data is really good for is keeping track of people when they don't want to be tracked or want to hide their identity. For example, it would be a useful means of tracking and identifiying people in a prison or a border checkpoint. My theory is that we haven't met aliens yet because the aliens have been to earth sereptitiously, have taken some DNA samples, and have decided there's nothing to be gained from making contact with us. They've told everyone else in the universe that the planet is hostile and not particularly technologically developed. They have also noted that it is not a threat just as long as they don't get advanced space travel technology. The best way to keep them from getting advanced space travel technology is to not communicate with them and thus leave them to their own devices. Additionally, based on the alien's models of planetary development, they have come to the conclusion that our civilization will not develop decent space travel before it collapses due to natural resource depletion. The universe is a big place. There are probably trillions of habitable planets. We're just not that special. Maybe one day, if we somehow become "worth it", they'll stop by. Often reading is just distraction. There's often very little actionable information there. It's just taking your mind off your real problems. It's basically all entertainment. I go home and I watch Khan Academy videos now. I read Wikipedia. I read some Hacker News mainly to distract myself from work. I pretend that it's useful, and it sometimes is, but sometimes I wonder if I'm engaging in repetitive naval gazing and somehow getting off on the ubiquitous outrage. Why do all this reading anyway? To be more fun at parties? To pretend like we're part of something important when all that lies ahead of us is years of sitting in a cube and stuck in traffic? I guess it's all not so bad. Whatever floats your boat. Just realize that it's mostly entertainment unless you actually DO something with what you've learned. It's not what you think. It's what you DO that matters. The mainstream media works its magic by taking a mural 100 miles square and repeatedly hilighting the same 50 square inches. They do this in order to create the perception that fits their agenda, and ignoring the rest. It's an extremely effective technique. It's very easy to control what people think, not by lying to them, but controlling what they think about. The official reason for the Iraq war was to prevent 60 year old technology becoming available to a government that our government decided would inevitably use it in a way that would be harmful to us. The war on drugs is a war on the possession and manufacture of even older bio-technology. The control of and access to technology is one of the main fulcrums of human history. That's because control and access to technology inherently determines control and access to military, economic and political power and often those in power are always looking to consolidate and guard their privilege. One thing to remember when arguing about SOPA in a forum that encompasses a broader audience than Hacker News or Reddit is that not everyone is involved in the internet industry or even primarily a knowledge worker. Think about how to appeal to someone who is retried or involved in managing a bakery or who runs a flower shop. We don't want to come off as a bunch of elitist nerds. We want them to understand that we're concerned about the future of innovation in this country and the preservation of free speech. We should focus on explaining how SOPA wildly oversteps the bounds of reasonable measures to prevent piracy and causes an enormous amount of collateral damage to the rest of the economy and innovation. The store analogy was a pretty good start, IMHO. Very few governments will ever willfully simplify themselves. The trend is always for more complexity, more departments, more officials, more wars, more government employees. This happened with the Maya, the Romans, the Egyptians, and practically ever other fallen civilization. That's because a civilization gets used to solving problems in a certain way and when they start to get a negative marginal return on their investment, they keep trudging along and eventually the society collapses unless there's a new source of technological capability that can keep things moving along. Anyway, that's just Joseph A. Tainter's "Collapse Of Complex Societies" in a nutshell for ya'. Why is the tech sector always on the defensive? Tech companies should pitch in to start a lobbying campaign to limit all copyright to 25 years or something like that and pursue it relentlessly, if only to keep the RIAA and MPAA lobbyists busy instead of letting them have all the time in the world to make trouble. This is the fundamental problem with democracy and a free press. The banks help their cronies consolidate the media, the media defines the terms of the debate and what people know about. The people process the limited amount of inputs they receive and basically do what they're told to do. The internet disrupts this, so it is a threat. Even so, for the most part, it's still amazing how deaf dumb and blind the conversation on the internet is in that the mainstream media, who define the terms and scope of the debate, are the only link to the world outside of immediate perception for the participants. As I suggested in an earlier thread, why is noone starting a copyright liberalization campaign? If there was a strong political coalition to limit the duration of copyright to 25 years, to limit the use of overly broad patents, etc. it would provide a counteracting force that would force the copyright holders to compromise "in the middle". Instead we are doing boycotts and strongly worded letters, which while helpful, does not really do enough to stop them from steamrolling along with their agenda. Maybe this was the reason the Pirate Party of Germany and Sweden were formed. Someone had to make it their top issue. Here's my idea for making crowdsourced movies that might actually be good: How about doing movies with a Richard Linklater's "Slacker" like script? In the movie, characters are followed for a few minutes and then someone in the last scene of that segment will continue that movie interacting with a completely separate set of people and so on and so forth. Rent it on Netflix to see what I mean. This kind of movie could be crowdsourced. Someone writes the script. Many want to be actors shoot segments. The winning entrants film short scenes where they call each other on the phone to move the movie along. It's like Redditt the movie. Would somebody please do this idea? Please :). I've seen the BBC and other western media quoting some random unknown Chinese or Russian intellectual and giving them the world stage because they agreed with the western perspective on China or Russia. I've taught several basic programming classes. The ability to code differs wildly. Like sketch art, some people can't draw to save their life, while others do it effortlessly. Having a programming class as an elective would be good, but it shouldn't be forced on people who have no ability for it at all. Not everyone can be great at everything. Agreed, Redhat 9 was hell but Ubuntu saved Linux for me. I hardly ever have any problems, especially the crapware, malware, 30 different "please update me" popups kind of problem that are a dime a dozen on windows. I also like that I know what's going on with the system all the way down to the bare metal. The main thing that I can't use Linux for: Watching Netflix or other premium content is largely solved by the fact that I do all that, and play video games on my big screen TV via a PS3 and the built in Netflix/Amazon Video features of the TV. The oligarchy in China is at least out in the open and nationalistic. In the west the oligarchy does everything in secret, their motives are largely unclear, and they keep everyone focused on culture war issues that never get resolved and celebrity like gossiping about politicians. Meanwhile, the lobbyists and the rest of the oligarchy write absurdly complex bills and pass them in obscurity. In Russia it's a bit of a hybrid of the western and eastern system. Well if I ran the circus I would go launch an investigation to find out which individuals wrote these bills, get the meeting minutes in which they were discussed, etc. Then I would publicly interview these faceless nameless bureaucrats on TV and make them run for election instead of being buried in the depths of various obscure government agencies, NGOs, law firms and lobbying organizations where they can just pull these 100 page long bills out of seemingly nowhere and get them passed with hardly a whimper from the public. No, it's just that their's quite a large number of assholes to go around and the primary problem of civilizations is keeping them acting in the best interest of the governed. Actually, it makes me think of Bruce Sterling's wireheads. Patents should be about encouraging inventors to reveal their inventions and methods that would otherwise remain secret and granting them the 20 years monopoly for that. It's not a license to choose any idea that is obvious to one skilled in the art after a purely superficial observation of the device in action. Has anyone read the Nikola Tesla's biography "My Inventions"? The guy makes some absolutely mind-blowing predictions. For example, in Tesla's book he predicts drone based warfare and the global electronic distribution of music almost 100 years ahead of time. In the recent book about Google, "In The Plex", the author comments that reading the biography of Tesla was a major influence on Larry Page and made him mindful that he didn't get cheated out of realizing his vision by an Edison or a Morgan. Well at least it wasn't copyright related. The media narrative of how the world is supposed to work just doesn't match the reality. This is why most news is useless. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is a great example of this. 99% of people leave their settings at the default and don't give a damn and just want it to work. When it doesn't work it's broken. Period, end of story. They will say: "Shut up with your geeky explanation" when you explain to them your options. There may be a really long complicated answer as to why it doesn't work but 99% of users don't gives a crap. If you are a smart guy you can just use ad block. There, done. Microsoft is very well aware of the fact that users never change the default settings and IMHO would love to use this to break Google by default and destroy their business model. This fits in well with the usual MS tactics of spreading paranoia, incompatibility, legal threats, obfuscation and confusion. IMHO, Microsoft would love to exploit privacy fears to remove features from the web and break it so everyone just goes back to the desktop. In my opinion, if they could get away with breaking an ajax call, because hey they might be tracking you, they would in order to kill usability of web software in favor of the desktop software model. They will try anything they possibly can to win. Did you ever see the list of IE6 features that got canned (e.g "Smart Tags") because of the antitrust investigation? It makes me shudder what the web would be like with these jerks in control. Memory and learning is not just something that magically happens, there's a lot of electro-chemical machinery underlying all of it that is greatly influenced by gene variation and other factors: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long-term_potentiation On a related note, Hong Kong produced no economic statistics on purpose for many years. >Cowperthwaite was similarly opposed to five-year development plans, noting that revenues to offset expenses were not predictable. The publication of official statistics was curtailed, for fear that it would encourage civil servants to meddle. http://www.economist.com/node/16591088 One possible compromise is to get a 4g hotspot and work while you are on the bus and only stay in the office for 4 hours. 10 print "I want to live, I'm begging you!" 20 goto 10 So if I type that into a Commodore 64 and hit "Run" do I have a sentient computer? Speaking of app longevity: Recently, I had someone email me saying that they were including some shareware I wrote in the mid-90s in a collection of software that they were going to be bundling with a Mac 680x0 emulator. Look at all the ancient games from the 80s that are still around in emulators and what not. It seems in America we solve our problems in one of two ways: A. Spending more money indiscriminately. Money always makes everything better. Just look at health care! B: Getting the federal government to take over and centralize everything. Creative ideas are almost always ignored unless they are a means of executing strategy A or B. These classes aren't simply verified intelligence tests that employers can use to screen job applicants. If you learn something useful, you can use that knowledge to make money. When I used to do contracts in my 20s I would wake up at about 8pm, go out to nightclubs, not drink, come home about 3am then work on code until 11 am and then talk to clients. I would then fall asleep around noon. It was really great because I was really fresh and happy when I went out clubbing and the most annoying part of my day, talking to clients, happened when I was about to fall asleep. I don't say anything on facebook I wouldn't attach to my resume. Facebook will go into serious decline when the rest of the world figures out that it's not really that private. I really long for the days of private friends only mailing lists. Joseph A. Tainter's The Collapse Of Complex Societies is a bit academic but very good study of civilizational collapse. It has a lot of data, studies many different civilizations and examines all popular theories of civilizational collapse. It points to diminshing marginal returns on increasing complexity in civilizations as the mechanism of collapse. It's far better than the trendy Jared Diamond writing. IMHO, Jared Diamond's collapse is a book written from end to beginning, much like Guns, Germs and Steel to simply reconfirm existing left of center ideas by torturing and cherry picking the data to ignore anything that doesn't reconfirm accepted and popular political narratives. The MPAA represents the interests of companies that are owned by media conglomerates that control the mainstream news media. They strongly influence who wins elections. Don't underestimate their power. I used to use XSLT for a lot of things. I switched off it because it's just too damn slow and can be a total brain melt to do complicated stuff in that's fairly easy in just about any other programming language. The few things I liked about XSLT can be done fairly easily with Scala's pattern matching. >Microsoft pays $1 billion dollars to AOL to prevent other companies from innovating. FTFY Ha... Want to get more depressed? Alexa reports that Instagram is ranked as the 6,534th most popular site on the Internet. Compete.com said it had 331,529 users last month. Seriously, what the heck? What kind of reality distortion field did they have to come up with to convince the Facebook guys that this was worth $1 billion dollars? 740 It's not just medical devices. Monks trying to enter the casket making business have run into licensing issues too. http://www.stltoday.com/news/national/article_44747e48-649e-... If Google wins, what's to prevent them from creating a server side JVM that's better than Oracle's? It would be quite cool if they created a server side fork of dalvik that could run thousands of isolated instances at the same time. They must have got the absolutely brilliant idea of conflating null with the empty string from Oracle. One thing about life before the Internet was that social connections were used for finding out information. Nowadays people just go on the Internet and find it. Knowing a lot about a lot of things doesn't really count for much. I used to program Macs in the 90s and you'd get these big old Inside Mac books and maybe a good Primer book and if you got stuck, there was no stack overflow. You just had to go ask somebody. People maintained friendships because they might need information from that person. Now that's become totally obsolete. I really like that the low brow look-at-my-cute-cat culture is taking over. You see, culture should travel up too. All this "hi-brow" stuff is just manipulation or rehashed manipulation and narrative control coming down from the even "higher brow" newspapers, research institutes and political organizations. Most people wouldn't give a crap about most of it if it wasn't for their petite bourgeouis, keeping up with the "smart" people desire for acceptance or "what should I worry about today that has absolutely no effect on my life?" news junkie syndrome. A lot of people unfortunately subscribe to the Malthusian ideology that all problems are caused by overpopulation. In fact, I'm pleasantly surprised when I meet someone who does not believe that overpopulation is the cause of most of the world's ills. I'm just glad they pulled some features out of IE6 because of the anti-trust investigation. Anyone remember Smart Tags? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_tag_(Microsoft) MS was basically going to put ads in every page on the Internet via the browser. If they didn't have rent control in San Francisco half the population would clear out every bubble. The city is already transient enough as it is. Having lived in and around San Francisco I have seen the mega-booms and busts. I think that rent control keeps the housing market from being warped by the gigantic tidal waves of money that slosh in and out of San Francisco every couple of years. I got a great model for Facebook. Pay for privacy. You pay for privacy and they won't give your personal information out to anyone without a judicial warrant and will let you permanently delete information you post that you'd rather no one else see. Another privilege is to let you have multiple accounts under pseudonyms. However, offering these features is likely to cause damage to the naive belief that Facebook is actually private. Check out this redfin graph of San Mateo county $ per square foot. Everyone's taking their house off the market and/or jacking up the price in anticipation. http://www.redfin.com/county/343/CA/San-Mateo-County I was impressed with his humility. It's amazing how he hasn't let all the success he's had and being a billionaire feed his ego. If I may provide a better, though more cynical headline: "How huge student loan debts, lack of good jobs, and high gasoline costs are leading to the young impoverished formerly middle class to resort to filling their free time with cheap entertainment, namely video games and porn." The anti-growth stuff is so that when the inevitable bust comes the whole place doesn't clear out and turn into Detroit. Las Vegas is a great recent example of too much over-optimistic growth being followed by a devastating bust and urban decay. It seems like Microsoft can't just leave a product alone and move on to the next thing. They have to keep milking the same app brand for all its worth adding more and more features to the point of absurdity. Make them play the Khan Academy math exercise set from the beginning. That way, any gaps in their knowledge get filled in and they will be much less frustrated by encountering problems they don't have the tools for. If they get stuck, there's always a link to a helpful Khan video on the topic that the particular exercise is testing mastery in. It's like playing a reasonably enjoyable, if a little tedious, puzzle game. As a side-effect of playing it they will just happen to learn all K through 12 math. I went through the whole thing when they had 280 exercises over the course of a month. It was a great review. Here's a link: http://www.khanacademy.org/exercisedashboard The funny part about differential equations is that, for a subset of them, there isn't really a systematic way to solve them. You just have to have a talent for it. The great mathematician Ramanujan would come up with bizarre equations that worked but he didn't really provide any information as to how he got there, they just came to him from his subconscious. For example: This 1/pi equation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramanujan#Mathematical_achievem... I wouldn't be surprised if that study was written from end to beginning. That's the kind of thing that usually gets picked up by the media. They comb through thousands of B.S sociology studies and report on the ones that represents an amusing, interesting, or politically useful narrative. So LinkedIn... Why are you not using bcrypt to has your passwords? http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ You really think that the government even cares about behaving consistently at all any more? They just ask the PR people to whip up whatever they think will move the situation in the direction they want and they craft the message and the media plays along. The people in operations operate independently from the PR people so their actions are rarely consistent with the message the PR people are feeding to the public. Negative savings rates are fine, as long as capital is created and the price of goods produced by that capital is falling due to efficiency improvements. Where you get the boom/bust is when increased investment and loans creates a feedback loop with the money multiplier causing prices of assets to increase in value even as the supply of those goods increases. Production is encouraged to become wasteful and inefficient because inflation and production taking place over time takes care of the profit margin. When the credit runs out, interest drags the prices back to their non-inflated money supply value and you get debt deflation and doom and gloom covers on The Economist. China fixes debt deflation by printing the money and handing it to the banks in exchange for their bad loans. In the west, the way things are set up, for better or for worse, we have to borrow it into existence and pay it back with interest, further burdening the tax payer and forcing government austerity. China can take care of the moral hazard that comes with printed money bank bailouts because the government has political control of the financial sector. The government routinely tells banks to stop lending to certain sectors and slaps very specific regulations on to what kind of people and on what terms bank can lend to borrowers. In the west, we like to let the "free market" run things which is why we got rid of Glass/Stegal, etc. Why do we have the treasury market at all with the government paying interest to private individuals who do nothing and have no risk when the government could just print the money like China? People who own government bonds (the ones that are not the fed) are getting paid an enormous amount of risk-free interest courtesy of the taxpayer. The catch is is that there is a lot of money printing going on, it's just all going on in the banking system via the money multiplier. I'm sure you've seen the M1/M2/M3 Graphs. Why not let the government create that money instead of the banks? I have a Sony Vaio Core II Duo laptop. I bought it 2 or 3 years ago. The thing runs Linux great. I don't know why all the hardware works including suspend/resume. Maybe it's just old enough that the Linux community finally got around to supporting everything on it. It's a Sony too, so it has adequate design. Those Thinkpads are ugly. PHP is the broken english of the Internet. Easy to learn, practical, inelligant, ad-hoc. AWS vendorspam is the only vendorspam I read. 42floors.com is down. I've been listening to last.fm a lot lately and I notice that songs it suggests to me, that I like a lot, happen to be available for free at http://www.ektoplazm.com/ . There's no obvious way to even buy them. I like 90s Israeli Goa trance and it seems that a lot of people are making it and releasing it for free just because they love the music. Besides, the equipment and recording costs are negligible. Since this is the case in the free software world, why shouldn't it take hold in the music world too? You can talk about what economics and money really are for years of your life on forums and never get anywhere. It's only by actually doing something like bitcoin that you can actually make a difference. It's a bit like Jon Blow writing Braid to make his point about the immorality of the game industry. You know, the point of a computer is to do work or play games with it. You do not need the absolute latest release of whatever to do useful work or play games. PHP is basically the latest example of "Worse is better"( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worse_is_better ). ---- Simplicity: The design must be simple, both in implementation and interface. It is more important for the implementation to be simple than the interface. Simplicity is the most important consideration in a design. Correctness: The design must be correct in all observable aspects. It is slightly better to be simple than correct. Consistency: The design must not be overly inconsistent. Consistency can be sacrificed for simplicity in some cases, but it is better to drop those parts of the design that deal with less common circumstances than to introduce either complexity or inconsistency in the implementation. Completeness: The design must cover as many important situations as is practical. All reasonably expected cases should be covered. Completeness can be sacrificed in favor of any other quality. In fact, completeness must be sacrificed whenever implementation simplicity is jeopardized. Consistency can be sacrificed to achieve completeness if simplicity is retained; especially worthless is consistency of interface . ---- I don't know about you, but IMHO, this is PHP in a nutshell. Edit: One other little thing I forgot to mention. PHP is like Java in that it is really hard for a metaprogramming or type system nerd to do something tricky and clever that another novice programmer brought in to replace him would not have a chance of unravelling. Evolutionary psychology is bullsh*t because it pretends to know how an incalculable array of factors interacted to cause certain people to successfully reproduce over generations. The thing is, the complexity of reality is far far more awesome than that and making simplistic sounding plausible evolutionary arguments for certain behaviours is just hubris. Yes, evolution is happening but we're really overestimating ourselves if we think we know just how it's happening in the absence of archaeological fossil evidence. >Am I missing something that makes this an ethical thing to do? Because America. Trying to pretend that their is some sort of consistent notion of justice or even ideology in America any more is , especially at the federal level, is just delusional. It's a bit like a company run by hyperactive sociopaths that changes priorities every day. America has become just a massive sea of "interests" and power swirling around like a tornado, occasionally flattening someone's house or life when the winds line up in that direction. Sounds like Emacs org-mode for non-geeks. However, showing up in person is a huge inconvenience for a hacker in another country. Another technique banks use is to send a physical piece of snail mail to a physical postal address containing a verification code or card. I agree that math formula are hard to memorize because the language is terrible. It's from an age when things were handwritten and movements of the hand were to be conserved as much as possible. I used to have a bit of trouble with math but I found out , somewhat counter-intuitively, that the key, at least for me, is rote memorization of formula. When I was having trouble I always tried to understand how to derive rules from proof but this was impractical when trying to do higher mathematics as the level of abstraction got to be too much. I found it just easier to simply memorize algebraic formula, derivatives, integrals, properties of infinite series, etc with flash cards or repetitive exercises and then apply them as if they were simply given. Maybe I'll never be a great mathematician, but all I really want is to be able to read CS papers and understand analogue electronics. >Your only responsibility is to return the transponder and tell us your story for our documentary. You can't give your GPS transponder back to the drone? Actually, there's a ton of great stuff published in peer reviewed medical journals, it's just ignored, especially if the research was done outside of the U.S and almost assuredly if it's done outside of Western Europe. This whole patent thing is turning Hobbes' hypothetical "War of All Against All" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellum_omnium_contra_omnes ) into reality. I've found the following guide to be a good refresher for interacting with the non-programmer crowd: http://www.pgbovine.net/geek-behaviors.htm Anybody notice this is basically the AVG logo with the colors flipped around? See: http://www.avg.com/us-en/homepage Also a "Proxy Item" is always subject to capital gains tax and sales tax. Otherwise it would be money. This is the only thing really preventing competing currencies. In fact, Ron Paul has worked on getting this restriction repealed in the case of gold and silver: http://www.lewrockwell.com/paul/paul434.html "The final step to ensuring competing currencies is to eliminate capital gains and sales taxes on gold and silver coins. Under current federal law, coins are considered collectibles, and are liable for capital gains taxes. Short-term capital gains rates are at income tax levels, up to 35 percent, while long-term capital gains taxes are assessed at the collectibles rate of 28 percent. Furthermore, these taxes actually tax monetary debasement. As the dollar weakens, the nominal dollar value of gold increases. The purchasing power of gold may remain relatively constant, but as the nominal dollar value increases, the federal government considers this an increase in wealth, and taxes accordingly. Thus, the more the dollar is debased, the more capital gains taxes must be paid on holdings of gold and other precious metals. Just as pernicious are the sales and use taxes which are assessed on gold and silver at the state level in many states. Imagine having to pay sales tax at the bank every time you change a $10 bill for a roll of quarters to do laundry. Inflation is a pernicious tax on the value of money, but even the official numbers, which are massaged downwards, are only on the order of 4% per year. Sales taxes in many states can take away 8% or more on every single transaction in which consumers wish to convert their Federal Reserve Notes into gold or silver." I just got back into C programming after a long absence. Programming with Eclipse CDT is the way to go, at least for starting out. The debugger is great. >Being enablers of dysfunctional behavior is an acceptable solution? It's funny that some people are fervent believers in Darwinian evolution and at the same time they think an organisms desire to propagate its genetic information is somehow dysfunctional. It's like they disavow the divine yet they can't let go of the idea of divine teleology. I'm not saying creationists are right, I'm just saying that they are ideologically more consistent than most Darwinian evolutionists. Except anything with a low/bid ask spread becomes money and that comes with its own set of problems. What would happen if the DVD was sold back for more than it was bought for? It's the intersection of Banking + Copyright + Tax Law. The trifecta of screwball legal areas. I think the whole idea of nootropics goes against what I call the "American ideology". The "American Ideology" being that anyone can do anything they just have to try. If you can cognitively enhance yourself and become more successful then that proves that there's some things some people can't do because they are just not smart enough and that realization is enough to activate full blown cognitive dissonance. People think, "this must be cheating!", "this must be dangerous!", "this must be addictive!", "why isn't everybody else doing it?". Whenever I use windows there's always something broken. Example: old windows laptop dies and won't turn on. It's old so I remove the laptop drive and put it in an enclosure. Now I'll boot into Vista and share files off it and copy it to new Mac. Easy, right? Wrong! The thing won't let me share the files because I don't have access to them even if I am adminstrator on my windows machine. After waiting for permissions to get changed and getting a flurry of access denied popups I think its going to work but directories in the share are simply missing on the mac even though I've assigned privileges to the share user. So..... I boot into Linux. 20 minutes of googling how to share files with macs, an apt-get or two and I'm copying off the files. Same goes for things like cd ripping. On Linux it just works, on Windows you have to get ad encrusted dodgy apps that sort of work and demand money every 5 minutes. Basically, if you are a power user, Linux rocks. Yeah I know....but Grandma will revolt! Fine, get her a mac or an android tablet. Why people who aren't forced to still use windows, I have no idea. One thing that's interesting about China is there are literally 10s of thousands of independent manufacturers. In the U.S publicly traded companies raise and borrow money for incredibly cheap and buy out and consolidate everyone but in China this doesn't seem to happen. Looking at the comments, I find it kind of odd that this issue is polarizing. What exactly is the nature of the divide between the extremes of the people who think we've had no progress vs those who think we've had considerable progress? I would hazard a guess that the "substantial-progress" crowd is assuming that physics and chemistry have been largely figured out and there's nothing else to do there except tidying up some loose ends and working with what we've got and the only place progress could possibly come from is through information technology manipulating what we have. The no-progress crowd are waiting for the next big fundamental breakthrough like the discovery of the microbe, quantum physics, and electricity. I still don't understand why the vitriol is thrown around on this one so hard by the "substantial progress" crowd. Maybe they think that the "no-progress" crowd are a bunch of lunatics for believing there are fundamental things that we could discover that could significantly increase our understanding of the fundamentals of physics, chemistry or biology. Way back in the day I used to be a Microsoft developer. I got tired of them changing the database API every other year. All the open sources platforms are much more stable. Knowledge in these other platforms doesn't decay as quickly or is at least somewhat useful even after 10 years. In contrast, Microsoft will just go and kill whole platforms from time to time (e.g Visual Basic) rendering useless years of experience building deep understanding of a platform. Every year there is a regulate supplements as drugs bill in congress. Every year it fails. Mainly because their is a lot of grass roots support for keeping supplements legal and the industry has developed to a point where it can effectively lobby. The constatnt onslaught of anti-supplement bills almost reminds me of the RIAAs continuous lobbying onslaught of draconian copyright bills (sopa, pipa, protectip, etc). Just like too many people are using the internet for the most disturbing copyright bills to pass, there are too many people taking nutritional supplements for the pharma industry "we're all going to die" anti-supplement fud to be effective. Interestingly enough, given all the anti-supplement fud going around in articles like these, prescription drug overdoses now kill more people now than car crashes ( http://www.voanews.com/content/article/171721.html ). The thing about TDD is it lets you figure out where you were in a big complicated thing you're implementing. That's the hardest part sometimes about programming. Answering the question: Where was I? What did I have to do next? Especially when the system is non-trivial. It's like writing very detailed functional notes to yourself about what your program is actually supposed to do so you can implement it. Besides, you write twice as much code, but have half as many bugs. It's a big win all around. I wonder what it would be like to take TDD to extremes and write all the tests for the minimum viable product before writing a single line of actual implementation code. I wonder if it would be possible. It would certainly help me pick up a project wherever I had left it at any time in the future. If the universe is a "computer simulation" running on the computer called the universe then a computer is a "computer simulation" running on a computer and we all are human simulations running on the computer called the human body. Occam's razor would say that the simplest explanation is the best. Since this "simulation" works exactly the same as the known universe and we don't know about anything that is outside the universe, we can safely ignore this theory and not lose any information about how the universe works. > In fact, he was killed by a guy that had an obsession on the girl he recently started dating. The killer didn't even take the wallet to make it look like a mugging: he took it because it had pictures of the girl and the dead guy he wanted to add to his "shrine". (Hmm, I should go write for CSI). But that's not more likely than any one of thousands of other possible explanations which there is no specific evidence for. Proving a negative, that it didn't happen this way, is also not possible. Thus, that the negative cannot be proved is not evidence for this theory either. See Bertrand Russel's Teapot: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell%27s_teapot . That's why I usually don't invest in stocks that have too many "news" articles hyping them up as the next great buy. A core tenant of the American ideology is that any problem can be solved and only solved with more money. Telling people that more money is not the only solution will simply not compute. There goes the student loan bubble ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/inside-student-loan-debt-bubbl... ). So is real estate the next bubble? Or will it be web 3.0? State A does not mean you're a genius. It just means that you've made an error in determining what variable the actors in a sociological phenomenon are actually trying to optimize. Find the thing that the sociological phenomenon is most effectively optimizing and work back from there to get to B. In the case of higher education it's optimizing the benefits to all those who are benefiting from the current system and not optimizing trying to educate the most people at the lowest cost which was your meta "too-simple" understanding of your understanding. As an avid RT watcher it's pretty obvious when they are trying to promote a certain angle. For example, there was some protest against a pro-soviet monument in Ukraine and RT portrayed it like all the people who were against it were Nazi sympathizers. They also were denigrating the Georgian government under Sakashvili in the lead up to the little war they fought with Georgia in 2008. The U.S reporting is pretty decent though. Anybody who has a problem with the way things are going in the U.S they will give a microphone to so sometimes the quality of the interviewee's presentation degrades somewhat. However, on the plus side, they would never consider patriotism or national security as an excuse not to report on something in the U.S as domestic channels would. As Putin and the Chinese have so deftly showed, you control a country's major media, you control the country. There is a lot of political power bottled up in the news monopolies that Google is disrupting so it would be natural for the people who rely on that power in the government to act to protect it. How about an optional bitcoin miner running in the background while using reddit using webgl (so it can make use of the GPU) that accumulates bitcoin. As the user browses around reddit it will be active, slowly generating bitcoins as part of a pool. When the user has accumulated enough for reddit gold, it automatically buys it for them. Maybe it would take two years or so to accumulate a bitcoin to buy reddit gold but that's at least turning users into money. Am I an idiot or did I just discover an alternative to the ad supported model for free content sites? "The most important thing to remember is that inflation is not an act of God, that inflation is not a catastrophe of the elements or a disease that comes like the plague. Inflation is a policy." -L. Von Mises No APL? That language always wins on code golf. You wouldn't want to maintain it though. However it absolutely shines if you're on a 110 baud teletype and have to wait for each character to print. /s Don't forget Julian Assange, Gary Mckinnon, and Satoshi Nakamoto. Think of San Francisco as a bowl, with it's limited real estate and finite density. All the money pours into the bowl and sloshes up the sides and overflows, resulting in very high housing costs. The central valley is more of a sauce pan, when money is poured into it, it spreads out at a low price level. Well you can mutate anything you want in FP as long as it's the end of the stack (via function calls or return values). I think real innovation is most likely to come from China. For example, they plan to build a 220 story tall sky scraper in 90 days: ( http://gizmodo.com/5962070/china-will-build-the-tallest-buil... ). They've also been building a massive high speed rail network over vast distances throughout China. I think with these feats they want to establish themselves as a super power that can take on the U.S, as well as to improve their infrastructure. I think it's a good thing, as peaceful competition between nations has always lead to benefits for the world in general. Ideologue: One who can't elaborate their position in response to a counter argument and just repeats scripted talking points again and again until the other side gets sick of replying to someone so dull. When someone sends bitcoins and is provided with a product or service they cannot ask for more of that product or service unless they have provided a product or service that some other member of the bitcoin community deems worthy of their bitcoins. This is not the case with fiat money where governments can print money and demand you take it in exchange for products and services. In high inflation economies like Argentina for example where foreign currency is strictly controlled, people are starting to save in bitcoin to preserve their wealth. I've heard that one can get a very good exchange rate for bitcoins in Argentina. Richard Feynman in one of his quantum physics lectures explains that he is going to abbreviate a few things because they are a pain to write out longhand on the chalkboard. I think this is the main reason everything is so abbreviated, it comes from the era when doing lots of manual calculations by hand called for efficiency in notation over clarity. To me this is just another argument for The Great Stagnation. Don't get me wrong, it's fabulous that the lives of Africans are being improved by technology. However, what if Africa catching up with the western world is just a side effect of technological progress slowing down as Peter Thiel and others have commented about? We marvel at our smartphones, but so what. They make them in china for $50. upvar was a unique feature of TCL that was also a really bad idea. http://www2.tcl.tk/1508 Nothing about genetic engineering of humans? I guess that's too unsettling? It seems that there are certain futures that are possible and interesting but people refuse to talk about because they bring up too many disturbing implications. It really feels like the product first anti-pattern. The first thing you should think about if you want to create a serious business is "Who is my market? What am I selling? Why would they want to buy it?". You don't have to have a boring answer to those questions, you just need an answer. This seems like a recipe for micromanagement and politics. Performance reviews are far less burdensome. It also sounds like a way for an unethical person to cheat their employees out of equity by creating rules that are so complicated that they lose out due to some technicality. The best way for you, as a mere mortal, and not some semi-suicidal mountaineer to experience big mountains is to take the bus from Santiago,Chile to Mendoza, Argentina. The trip through the Andes is really awesome. Sometimes you'll see a mountain and have no idea how big it is and then at the very bottom you can just barely make out some ant size cows grazing. Looking down at the bottom of some of the switchbacks on that route is like looking out an airplane window. Kenyans now have $50 smart phones that exceed all but the latest phones in capability. We have $50 android tablets. We have reached a sort of technological plateau where stuff we consider awesome advanced technology is more available than clean drinking water. The great stagnation cometh, the center holds, things stick together more strongly than ever. Ok guys, I'm going to help us all stop pussyfooting around the issue. Maybe you people in Europe have a hard time understanding this, but I think a lot of the nervousness about mass transit has to do with the possibility of too many of what suburban neighborhoods consider "the wrong people" (e.g poor) showing up because they can now easily get there via cheap mass transit. The happy rich people live in the suburbs because they don't like the people in the inner cities and the only way they can limit their interaction is with distance. Why do you think the shiftiest neighborhoods are always around the greyhound station? For example of this extreme anti-poor paranoia: Palo Alto recently threw a huge fit because they wanted to put in a 7-eleven saying that it would attract an undesirable element. ( http://www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county-times/ci_2199808... ) That, and cars are interchangeable standardized goods. Programmers vary widely in ability. The process's closest analogy is buying a home. You want to take a walk through, compare multiple properties, get an inspection report, have everything tidy legal-wise, etc. Every representative who joined the net neutrality alliance was defeated[1]. The six companies that control the mainstream media are very in favor of copyright and against net-neutrality. Without the media's support, or at least lack of hostility, a candidate is mute and the publics perception of him/her is distorted. [1] http://precursorblog.com/content/all-95-pccc-net-neutrality-... I think this might be a preview of what life will be like once google googles and other augmented reality headset cams get broadly distributed. I don't mean people will become as savage as they are on the Russian roads, just there'll be far more eyewitness videos of things and entertainment will arise via aggregation of these videos. You are correct. I never meant to imply that dashcams and savagery were correlated in any way. We have become separated from reality by the confined view into reality that mainstream media has provided. With google googles everywhere maybe we'll immerse back into reality through billions of hours of google glasses video passed through the hands of legions of expert editors. Has anyone else become hyper-specialized in their interests because of pervasive connectivity? I've gotten to the point where on some topics there are zero people I know personally that I could have a conversation with about these topics unless I did all of the talking. I find people to talk intelligently about these topics through online niche forums. It's so weird sometimes because I've got a small talk personae for "normal people" and then everything I talk about online which is highly specialized and takes a while to explain, even to an interested listener. Read "The Paradox of Savings" by F.A Hayek for a different view. You can't really say that Java and C++ are not popular languages. C++ is only really popular, IMHO, because there hasn't ever been a good competitor to it in the compile to native programming domain except for C. However, Go and Rust, IMHO, are interesting approaches and I wouldn't be surprised if Go or Rust replaced C++ over the next 10 years. I imagine C will still maintain its popularity in very low-level systems programming. The thing about Java is that it is really hard to write clever hard to maintain code in it. Sure, it makes it painful to develop with, but because it leads to maintainable code the code never gets thrown out and rewritten and almost by accident very large multi-million line code bases grow over time in it. These huge code bases lead to a lot of jobs for people doing maintenance on them, not because developers like the language, but because the code still works and never becomes impenetrable, as most large code bases often do. I think the transition in human history from the age of Gilgamesh to the Homeric Epics and The Old Testament was very abrupt. Gilgamesh described a relatively peaceful society without much focus on lineage and vengeance where the characters were at times remorseful for being violent toward monsters they met in the forest for example. The Homeric epics and The Old Testament in contrast are filled with constant warfare, and brutality and a pathological focus on lineage. Has anyone else noticed this? It's not something that would have ever occurred to me without actually reading a lot of ancient literature. The world of Gilgamesh seems very sparsely populated and almost lonely. Perhaps this was why they were more peaceful. The development environment should not be able to make a direct connection to production. GitHub temporarily deleted their whole prod database because of a config screwup because the dev server could talk to the production db. https://github.com/blog/744-today-s-outage What if Microsoft refuses to sign your kernel because it violates their patents? The Germans ate their own dogfood. They honestly believed they were super humans and that the Russians were inferior sub-humans who would be easily conquered. There's a great documentary called "Russia's War". In the documentary they read out letters home from the Germans troops. In the beginning they are so confident that they are the master race and nothing can stop them. Stalin, on the other hand, never lost touch with reality to the degree that the nazis did. His essay "Marxism and the problem of linguistics", written in the 40s, certainly showed that he was thinking clearly and pragmatically in his later years and hadn't fallen into the bizarre delusions that so many totalitarian dictators do. The problem with Stalin was that he was to rational. He didn't believe in gratitude, compassion or have any response at all to human suffering. He also probably though that the Nazis would behave rationally and be more strategic and instead focus on pummeling Western Europe and not attacking Russia, thus leaving it for Stalin's easy conquest. They can't find someone on Alibaba to ship them pcs without OSs? What differentiates your service from existing fraud detection services like CPA Detective? To get the other side of the issue, you have to go back to the 1930s and read F.A Hayek's critique of "The Paradox of Savings" ( http://mises.org/daily/2804 ). Hayek, incidentally, was an advocate of competing currencies. It's really nice being able to trace into the guts of hibernate, spring, etc to see what the heck is actually going on and fix it if it's broken. When I used to do Microsoft stuff, I'd run into bugs in the stack that I couldn't fix. This was enormously frustrating and time wasting. The typical advice given out by support was re-install or buy the latest upgrade. There were also a lot of deliberately imposed architectural limitations to prevent you from working around lack of "enterprise" features in the basic versions which were incredibly frustrating and the enterprise version pricing was astronomical. I recently was on a long solo hike and my smartphone ran out of batteries. With no music or anyone to talk to I had to find something to think about for the 2 hours it would take to complete the hike. I ended up going through each year of my life and thinking about where I lived and what I was doing at the time and memories associated with each time and place. It was actually quite entertaining. What's funny about health care and to some extent education in the U.S is that the solution is NOT to spend more money. This is fundamentally at odds with the political ideology prevalent in this country which seems to think more money is the universally applicable and most effective solution to social problems. If you want to take the red pill: Please read F.A Hayek's critique of "The Paradox of Savings" ( http://mises.org/daily/2804 ) for a refutation of inflationist monetary policy. This was an essay he wrote during the debate with Keynes and others, explaining the flaws in the Keynesian theories. It was written in the 1930s , but explains better than any other theory the dynamics of a fixed money supply currency like bitcoin vs a constantly inflating money supply. It's hard to do a TL;DR on this. Here's a link to a meta reddit post I made of all my debates with traditionally trained economists :( http://www.reddit.com/r/austrian_economics/comments/kufu2/ca... ). It should be somewhat easier to understand. Eclipse on Linux has great C programming support including interactive debugging using the CDT (C development toolkit) plugin. I used it to interactively debug operating system code running in a virtual machine on my Linux box recently and it worked great. I used to develop Java in emacs. I gave that up and moved to Eclipse but I still use emacs whenever I have a blob of unformatted text that I need to chop up and manipulate. It does that better than just about anything. One cool thing about emacs is it doesn't care if you have a 30000 character long line while most editors will choke badly on that. "Economists have written on the mechanics of a Bitcoin-like currency, in essence, a fixed-supply alternative anonymous fiat "currency"." You need to go back to papers written by F.A Hayek criticizing Keynes in the 30s to get any serious academic discussion of the benefits of a fixed money supply. His critique of Keynes' idea of the "Paradox of Savings" is good, also the later paper he wrote: "The Denationalization of Money", which explores privately issued competing currencies is pretty interesting. Krugman is talking about "The Paradox of Savings". Here's F.A Hayek's rebuttal to the argument when it was originally proposed back in the 30s: ( http://mises.org/daily/2804 ) (Sorry if I'm a bit of a broken record on this but it applies too well to bitcoin). Aqui-murdering is a consequence of our financial system. When some big company can get bank money at far less than other companies, let's say 3% just as a hypothetical example, they can buy any business with a 6% cap rate and run it poorly so it only makes a 4% cap and still make a profit. This happens all the time. Meanwhile the entrepreneur cannot get money for anywhere near that and has to actually create real value instead of performing financial arbitrage as these companies with access to the cheap money can. Funny thing about Hayek. If you read "Monetary Theory and the Trade Cycle" ( http://mises.org/daily/3121 ) he describes the dynamics of the boom/bust cycle and how they are a direct result of fractional reserve banking but then says: "If it were possible, as has been repeatedly asserted in recent English literature,[114] to keep the total amount of bank deposits entirely stable, that would constitute the only means of getting rid of cyclical fluctuations. This seems to us purely utopian. It would necessitate the complete abolition of all bank money — i.e., notes and checks — and the reduction of the banks to the role of brokers, trading in savings. But even if we assume the fundamental possibility of this state of things, it remains very questionable whether many would wish to put it into effect if they were clear about its consequences. The stability of the economic system would be obtained at the price of curbing economic progress. The rate of interest would be constantly above the level maintained under the existing system (for, generally speaking, even in times of depression some extension of credit takes place).[115] The utilization of new inventions and the "realization of new combinations" would be made more difficult, and thus there would disappear a psychological incentive towards progress, whose importance cannot be judged on purely economic grounds. It is no exaggeration to say that not only would it be impossible to put such a scheme into practice in the present state of economic enlightenment of the public, but even its theoretical justification would be doubtful." He's basically apologizing for finding all these flaws in the monetary system and central banking. He was convinced, at least at this point in his life that he could reason with the financial system to resolve these issues through better understanding. That's the interesting thing about Hayek. He was not opposed to the structure of the financial system out of ideological conviction but just that he had enormous insight into the dynamics of the system and stated his understanding without editing or simply repeating the conventional wisdom. The first thought on my mind was what mysterious 1000 page bill is going to show up and get rushed through congress because of all this? My second thought is how weird it is that for the next couple of days the attention and focus of a 100s of millions of people's will be directed at the circumstances surrounding the deaths of perhaps 20 people of no particular notability. It's as if these are the only 20 people that died lately. The attention and focus of the public in this modern era of global communications is a strange thing. Mainstream economics is centered around recommending policies that ensure bond-holders are paid. It all leads back to that. If there is too much debt destroying the underlying economy causing bond interest payers to default, lower rates. If rates go to zero, print money to pay the bondholders. If that causes inflation raise taxes and cut spending to pay the bondholders (a.k.a austerity), etc. The political economic dimension of the relationship between bondholders and the people who pay there interest is an important missing component from our understanding. I'm going to annoyingly meta on this one because I'm feeling really philosophical today. There is a constant dissonance in the western world between assumptions about "ideal" or "moral" statistical probability distributions and actual statistical probability distributions over a large sample size when it comes to any politically sensitive topics like the one implied in the article (i.e women having an interest in science and technology). This happens over and over again. There are thousands of articles a year on this kind of thing and millions of human years spent mulling why the ideal curve doesn't match the actual curve. It's the perfect topic for non-productive rambling because it's always dissonant and it never goes anywhere. The dear reader probably already knows this, but to the idealist, the ideal always equals the actual in a just world and evidence of a mismatch is evidence of injustice. Those who accept or tolerate the actual not matching the ideal are presumed to support injustice. These arguments are endlessly repeated. Nevertheless, seemingly endless repetition is a very effective means of political discourse. I realized this most profoundly when studying religious texts. Points that are intended to be remembered are mentioned over and over again to the point of mind-numbing boredom. Repetition is good for remembering and people only believe what they can remember. Thus the most effective strategy of any activist is to repeat their message over and over again and have the adherents do the same and approve the same and ostracise those who criticize and those who don't care, thus spreading the idea through the society via social psychological principles and the pure intellectual brute force of repetition. The idea of a normal vs ideal probability distribution makes me think about coin flips following the normal curve. The coins flip distribution over a large sample size will form a normal curve. The "ideal curve activist" will attempt to attract evidence for and possibly find ways to undermine the conspiracy of injustice that flipped the coins after they landed to some non-random pattern making the coin flip distribution appear to correspond to the actual curve. How are these coins flipped back becomes the topic of interest for the serious activist. Many leads are followed, the evidence and the picture is always murky so suspicions turn to those who deny or ignore the injustice of the actual distribution curve. An odd thing then happens. Denigrating and dis-empowering those who dispute or ignore the ideal curve becomes the mechanism of activism due to the activist's exhaustion of and the murkiness of the task of looking for the assumed malicious coin re-flippers. The coin re-flippers may exist but they may also possess impunity or obscurity such that the activists fail to act against them but it's usually much easier for the activists to direct their energy against assumed shills or fellow conspirators who's proof of membership is their disbelief or disinterest in the ideal curve. This is where I was a few years ago. You've found the enemy and it's Marxism. However, Marxism is just an abstraction that is related to the underlying epistemological disease of the modern era which is that we use statistics to prove our assumptions regardless of an actual identified mechanism of the phenomenon. We discard the search for the theory because it's hard and we've become accustomed to believing hand-wavy explanations for fields or social phenomenon we are not experts in. Arguably, nobody is an expert here though because there is lots of murky data about these particular topics that is widely dispersed and subject to heavy confirmation bias by researchers. Instead of looking for the "why" we cargo cult and focus on the other side. IMHO, it's better to understand the "why" whether it's the why of the "ideal curve activist" or the meta-why of the observer of the "ideal curve activist" or the meta-meta-why of me observing your understanding of the issue. However, figuring out the "why" and seeing through statistical "facts" is the only way to really improve our understanding. In the natural sciences this is easy. We have the scientific method. In the social sciences there is endless opportunity for subtle errors or coming to conclusions that are incorrect occasionally due to error but usually due to sometimes carefully constructed but almost always omission filled perceptions of reality. I remember software development in the early 90s. Every rinky-dink software development library was very expensive and some even required royalty payments per license sold. Libraries that came with development environments were insignificant. Everyone wanted to charge for everything. Free software was a novelty that nobody could understand because, after all, how where the authors making money on it? One good thing about Emacs is all the key-bindings work by default in the bash shell. If one remaps control to Caps Lock it makes it a lot easier on the hands. Org-Mode is nice. So is the minibuffer. I can start a regex by yanking text from the main buffer and then un-yanking text into the mini-buffer where the regex is being edited. Another nice feature is that Emacs is very fast when handling very large files and files with very long-lines. Most text editors choke on these kinds of files. Because too much money makes a company stupid. Look at Paul Graham's essay about what went wrong at Yahoo ( http://www.paulgraham.com/yahoo.html ). Same thing happened at GM, too much money for too long turned the culture from creating the future to protecting sacred cows. What's worse is these big stagnant companies often have access to very large pools of money from the public markets to buy up scrappy competitors and sap their innovativeness. I read a lot of medical research papers and I'd say about 1 in 10 is about cancer. They usually go something like this: We found this receptor on a cancer cell and it caused it to grow or shrink. We therefore propose making a drug to inhibit or act as an agonist for this receptor site which also affects an enormous amounts of completely un-releated stuff around the body in order to fight cancer. Truth is, they may have just gotten a funny little mutant of a cancer cell that happens to heavily express this one receptor as part of its unique mutated biology. For all we know a lot of cancer research has been about exploring the peculiarities of the genome of Henrietta Lacks. IMHO, The whole reason Javascript is the de-facto language of the web is because Microsoft made the mistake of shipping a Turing complete language runtime that was not dependent on the Win 32 API and the language happened to be Javascript. IMHO, any kind of new web bytecode standard will be immediately broken by Microsoft into an incompatible variant that we won't be able to nicely hack around and will thus fragment the market in their favor. The code base and runtime installed base of Javascript is so massive now that they can't easily fragment it. The big takeaway seems to be that as long as you don't become an alcoholic and are able to adequately maintain relationships you'll probably be ok. I think the problem with social sciences is that it's too easy to make subtle mistakes and have them become established doctrine because they confirm some sort of pre-existing societal belief and/or political ideology. Once people get invested in the large body of work developed on top of these subtle mistakes, they refuse to unlearn all of it, even when faced with compelling arguments. For a lot of people it's better to be just rich than famous and rich. >A large part of it is that big companies have given up on trying to innovate (they just buy innovations, at a panic price) and the people from whom innovation typically came are now a pariah caste of almost-unemployable miserable geniuses. Why innovate when the miserable genius idea generates a 10% cap rate and you can borrow from your wall street pals for 3% and run the company like crap so it only generates a 5% cap and it still makes money? The miserable genius eco-system has very expensive money. Meanwhile, up in the wall street/VC jet stream, money is easy to come by. Perhaps Mt. Gox should be worried. Silk Road on the other hand is clearly illegal with or without the bitcoin part. If he's like most westerners who go to India the first thing he's going to say is that these people should learn to use toilets and not throw their trash in the street. The charging stations should be able to accommodate a lot more cars than a gas station. You don't have to have a lot of machinery to pump fluids around as electrons get around on their own. The physical size and expense of equipment per charging station should also be a lot smaller when compared with a gas station. Yeah HFCS is just fine... except for the heavy metal contamination[1]. 1. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/01... Does anyone know of advanced software development courses that are practical on a small mobile device screen? I love coursera but it only really works on a laptop or tablet and that's not always convenient when commuting. BTW, in case you hadn't done the math, you are wasting 12% of your life commuting. At least get audible.com for when you're stuck in the car. It's amazing the dogged persistence of the west in digging up events from more than 20 years ago and trying to carve the narrative of Chinese history of 1 billion people over the last 30 years around this event that lasted maybe two weeks and involved a few thousand. Think of the billions of people, their lives changing, the greatest mass migration in history to the cities, the greatest uplift in economic standards of people in world history and all that matters is this one event. The issue here is focus. What events are picked out of the trillions and magnified to encompass the whole expanse of our understanding about a particular topic and which ones are completely ignored yet hugely significant to people's lives? And the west is still endlessly editorializing about it. Excessive repetition is a kind of intellectual violence. They should hire someone like Dan Boneh[1] to look for cryptoanalytic attacks. Of course, I'm sure he'll find a whole bunch of attacks. That's going to be a really expensive to repair all that faulty crypto hardware. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Boneh The Half Moon Bay review (the newspaper of the town next to Northern California's Mavericks surf spot) is positively tickled pink about all this: http://www.hmbreview.com/news/apple-taps-mavericks-for-new-p... It's as if all the important decisions have already been made and they are just going through the motions. >Someday, Google will know what I'm going to Google before I Google it. You raise a good point that very few people understand. What information you receive determines, to a large extent, what you think. The relationship between inputs and thoughts is somewhat messy, especially for those people who can take apart ideas and put them back together in novel ways. However, people of below average intelligence, who only think in analogies to concepts they are familiar with, have behaviour and thought patterns that are very regular. Maybe he could get into a clinical trial with NeuralStem Inc's therapy. They seem to be having some good results with treating people with ALS with spinal stem cell injections: http://www.neuralstem.com/cell-therapy-for-als But that's taking the second derivative of the situation. Most people can barely take the first. More like their conquer and receive tribute strategy started to not work any more and military technology and techniques were transferred to their conquered territories. I don't think there's a whole lot of long-term vision out there. It seems the political conception of the future is mostly filled with tackling the challenges of global warming, unreset and other sorts of eco-doom that the zeitgeist is enthralled with. Musk, Kurzweil and a few others are the only people who look far into the future outside of the eco-doom/security paradigm any more. I sometimes wonder what's the least amount of money I could spend if I put a lot of money into capital that would save me money. For example, get a big solar array. Get a Tesla that I could charge at home. Get a hydroponic garden set up that would grow all my food. Save seeds. Dig a well. Solar water heating. Etc, etc. Obviously the upfront cost would be absurdly high compared to just going to the grocery store but it would be a fun project if I ever got enough money to do it. What's funny is how different using Consumer Reports online experience is. What? There's no free content? I have to pay a monthly fee to read content and it's not trivial. Best investment I ever made. Especially when buying new appliances. Ha.. It's kind of pathetic that I flinched at spending a few bucks a month for good content. If you're getting information for free your information likely has a cost you're just paying for it in an obfuscated way in the form of higher margins when you shop at a place that advertises heavily. If you ever look at Hulbert's Financial digest, which tracks the total return of investment letters you'll see that the ones that do well are $120/year. Oh yeah, you have to pay for the digest which will tell you which newsletter performs the best and that isn't cheap either. Of course free investment advice is available everywhere online and usually makes a good contra-indicator. If I see a hype filled story show up in the freebie investment news it usually means the stock is about to take a short term down turn. That's the thing that's so jarring about the U.S policy. Their private ideology, or whatever guides their actions, is quite obviously contradictory to their publicly espoused beliefs. The Russian and Chinese government are at least pretty direct about their ideology and intentions. I have spent a lot of time in Argentina. Argentinian people are very into being cute and intimate, even with people they don't know that well. There is a refreshing lack of excessive seriousness in that culture. If you know Spanish and have seen Kirschner speak she almost comes off as a goofball the way she cracks jokes and makes "cute" references to things, but it's really just a reflection of Argentine culture more than anything else. So in 20 years every country is going to be a surveillance state. How does this alter the sci-fi universe? Is every sci-fi novel taking place in the future going to have to be some spin-off of 1984 to maintain credulity? Did we all not want to hear that? Is there any room for alternate future visions of civilization given that they are all variations on a panopticon theme? Is this some sort of political singularity in the making? Theory: It's important to make things somewhat complicated so they don't fall victim to bike-shedding. The big difference between Linux and Jobs/Bill Gates is that people working on Linux are not employees. They are more like friends at a dinner party. The host can be a jerk to his party guests when they say something the host finds disagreeable and as long as it is personal opinion and doesn't come to blows the offended guest can just leave in a huff and have their own party where the host is not invited. There was one about the Libyan rebels too! http://www.theatlantic.com/infocus/2011/06/diy-weapons-of-th... Once you reach a certain salary as an engineer the only way to make more money is to go in as an owner either as an early hire in a startup or as a founder. You can also get stock options and wait for your company to get bought. Other than that it's pretty much all down hill. So your hypothesis is that accredited investors will throw around $10,000 with a a few mouse clicks? From what I've seen though, getting people who know what they're doing to invest in properties is a relationship business. There's a lot of trust that an investor has to put in a developer to execute right and with integrity when they invest with them and a flashy website might not be enough to get people to invest serious money. You know, the funny thing about commercial real estate is that there's no one right way to do it and the right way to do it is often a matter of gut marketing feel. Sure there's a triple-net lease McDonalds but everything else is pretty subjective. People want to live in San Francisco, Marin and the Peninsula specifically because they're not overbuilt. The cousin of NIMBYism is everyone moving to the Bay Area and demanding they make it just like the overbuilt sprawl that they came from. The book that taught me to spiritually make sense of a world that is a constant let down was "The Master and Margarita" by Bulgakov. The author wrote it in secret while living with totalitarianism and meaninglessness in Stalinist Russia. If you're not in the mood for a book, there's a great mini-series adaptation that was produced in Russia in the 2000s that takes about a week to watch. It does an almost perfect job of reproducing the book. I don't think it's available online. I think a lot of people on this thread are guilty of cognitive laziness. Either all supplements are bad at any dose or they're all good at any dose. Nobody wants to talk about science because reading medical studies is hard. Reading this article reminds me of trying to have technical bio-medical conversations with doctors. They blow me off and give me the same baby talk they give all their other patients. That's the way the author of this article writes, broad baby talk generalizations. It's the reaction I'd imagine I'd get if I tried to have a conversation about digital signal encoding with my cable TV installer. They don't care, it's not their job, it's not important and they just do their job the way they do it for everybody and get paid either way. For Russia it's more about showing the world that they are the only country that can't be intimidated by the U.S and thus that they are the only hold out against American world domination. Any other country would have handed him over eventually. I'm sure the Chinese and Central Asian governments are thinking that without the Russians to counterbalance things geopolitically they'd have to all be client states of the U.S. Politics is popular now because the hacker news crowd are like a bunch of geeky high school kids who obsess about the gang that's been bullying them. Their brilliant intellectual life is decimated by thoughts about the bully gang. >We invaded and occupied Iraq and didn't even get any oil, just a trillion or so in national debt. At least in the time of Rome citizen soldiers were titled large swaths of land in the conquered territories. The trillions in national debt benefits somebody. Somebody somewhere gets those interest payments and they wouldn't have if the U.S had not borrowed from them. This political news influx on Hacker News is getting out of hand. In America we believe that if we spend twice as much on health care it will be twice as good, same goes for education. The reality is is that the quality stays the same and the price doubles. I went out and saw Pirates of Silicon Valley after Bill Gates said in his Reddit IAMA that his portrayal was more or less accurate. More one-liners from lazy skeptics. Sigh. The Eastern Roman Empire gave up a lot of its power when they decentralized the military in favor of the "theme" system. Ironically, this reform was undertaken in order to more effectively combat the constant Islamic invasions that were taking place at the time (More at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theme_system ). Most of my free time these days is spent watching Coursera videos. It is an absolute revolution for those of us who love to learn. There is so much material though and I don't have enough time! I think the stack ranking thing comes from quotas for sales people. The thing about salesman is that you can more or less rate their performance objectively by how much they sell. Trying to bring this over to knowledge workers is a recipe for disaster though. Three easy rules would solve everything: 1. No TVs allowed on premise - Gets rid of slackers, stoners and people who don't like to work. 2. No alcohol - Gets rid of endless trouble and alcoholics. 3. People must shower on a regular basis - Gets rid of the mentally ill. Yeah, knowing Obama's track record they'll start prosecuting at some point once the targets get fat enough. Nano-factories are interesting but I think safe biological enhancement, especially of intelligence, is going to be even more interesting. Anyone ever see the Limitless movie? Sure, that's not possible today but we are quickly unraveling the mysteries of the body. There are some people who are genetic freaks though. Could you ever hope to spontaneously come up with brilliant mathematical theorems like Ramanujan did? >It depends on how you learn. Some people will recommend Coursera et al., which are great. I tried some Coursera courses, but found that I found the pace too slow and became bored quickly. You can watch the lectures at 2x speed. ;) The real question is who exactly is now not the enemy as far as they are concerned? Fingerprints aren't changeable and they're not really secrets. Security fail. They are good for things like tracking convicts or parolees or DRM shackled users which are usage scenario were you don't want people to be able to change their identifier but that's about it. Also there's no distinction between the identity and a password. It's the same mistake made with SSNs. Oh good! We finally have a candidate for someone that the NSA considers to not be "the enemy". What I keep thinking when I read these is if poor one should live with a large number of roommates you trust and share expenses and pitch in to help each other in an emergency. This in how people survive in developing countries. Something has collapsed in America though and everyone HAS to live by themselves and can't seem to trust anybody else. Blogs are way too simple to reinvent every few years. Wordpress is fine. Can't we move on to something more complicated than Blogs and Crud apps? >>And the thing is that when you are in a new place, there is a large number of decisions to make about petty things like where is the nearest supermarket, where can I work out, how do I get proper internet etc. Whenever I've set up in a new place, my productivity suffers severely for a week or two. After that, I'm okay but if you travel a lot, that becomes a real price. And it's not rewarding the same way that other guilty pleasures are, it's just annoying. It's almost like you should get together with a travelling companion who's job is to just figure out your new location and you'll pay for food, fun and expenses. Maybe they're an FWB too :) ? It's like a deluxe travel agent "arrangement" for nomad geeks. This could be a thing if it got going. I can see the 2015 New Yorker Headline now "FWB gets upgraded to Personal Concierge and Travel Agent W/ Benefits for wandering nomad supergeeks in surprising new trend". This is where statically typed code bases really shine IMHO. I've seen >10 year old Java code bases that are maintainable because of all the automated re-factoring that can be done to clean up naming inconsistencies and deprecate various mistakes. With dynamic languages cruft and little mistakes just keep building up till people give up trying to maintain it and want to start over. If you want to get a feel for what Africa is really like watch the acclaimed documentary Darwin's Nightmare ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0424024/ ). I've knew a couple who slummed it in Tanzania for a few years and there stories are hard to believe but are more or less in line with this movie. The low budget open source version of this is going on over at longecity.org Here's where the accident occurred: http://goo.gl/maps/6ROov Apparently there have been accidents there before. http://abclocal.go.com/kgo/story?section=news/local/peninsul... Bitcoin works because it's actually a sneaky way of teaching the world Hayekian monetary theory without all those extremely long translated German sentences with multiple subordinate clauses. Ever read "The Denationalization of Money"( http://mises.org/document/3970 )? The converse also holds true. Just because it isn't published doesn't mean it isn't science. Lots of trade secret processes and such fall under this. I don't think he ever took an IQ test and that anecdote he failed math was made up[1]. His estimated IQ was 160[2]: 1. http://physics.about.com/b/2007/09/19/physics-myth-month-ein... 2. http://www.cse.emory.edu/sciencenet/mismeasure/genius/resear... I read the Analects of Confucius. It's a good one because like Gilgamesh it was created outside of the constant necessary glorified warfare world of the Old Testament and the Iliad and the Odyssey. There's so much conflict and war culture interwoven into everything in the west it's hard to figure out that that's not all there is to public life. Eastern religion, even Confucius who is seen as more conservative and hierarchical, is far more serene. If you don't reason from first principles you can only come up with ideas that are slight derivations of existing ideas. If you reason from first principles you can come up with completely new ideas that have never been tried before. If you continue this process you don't have to worry about people stealing your ideas because you'll come up with so much stuff that you'll never run out of new things to try. The one problem with reasoning from first principles is it becomes hard for anyone to judge your ideas and give you feedback before you try them. You have to be able to check yourself because most people, when introduced to a novel idea will think "Sounds like a good theory" and shrug their shoulders because they can't compare it to anything similar in their personal knowledge base. And this is why progress in medicine is so absolutely glacial and expensive. When it costs $4 billion dollars on average to get a new drug past the FDA, is it any wonder why they cost so much? "Desire" implies that the bacteria is acting purposefully and planning ahead. This isn't what's happening unless you attribute the bacteria's activity to some sort of intelligence. On the contrary, we eliminated smallpox which was one of the most devastating diseases in history so this fatalism is basically disproved. More depressingly, we've also made extinct thousands of species who have not evolved to resist us. Only supports 200 simultaneous transactions ay? Well just put a big ol' queue on the front of it with a hard thread limit and tell people they'll get an email when it's ready. The best way to choose a surgeon is to get a personal recommendation from a doctor who is a personal friend. This will at least prevent you from getting the absolute bottom of the barrel. One problem with XPath is that it can be a lot slower than native or JIT'd code depending on the implementation. Interestingly enough you can do xpath like things in Scala with native code using pattern matching: http://ofps.oreilly.com/titles/9780596155957/HerdingXMLInSca... >Our parents set our city planning up for failure. The primary reason for anti-walkability is to keep "riff-raff" out of the nice suburbs. The white flight from the cities in the 60s and 70s was a huge event in American urban planning and those whites who wound up in the suburbs don't want any of that inner-city stuff they got away from downtown from mucking up their suburb. It's horrible but it's the truth. It's one of those awful little secrets of the polite suburbs, like why people get divorced, that everybody knows about but nobody wants to talk about. Some of the anonymized acecdotes I've heard second hand with regards to why the well-adjusted suburban upper-middle class gets divorced is that it's often due to the wife getting paranoid about getting ace'd out of the financial picture in favor of the children in her old age. Another reason is because the old man gets utterly infatuated with a younger lady and he throws his brain out the window. Alcoholism can also be a factor. You bitcoin guys think you can push buttons on your computer and code around the system. So naive. Sorry to be a pessimist, but they can just say anyone transferring bitcoin to another party without going through a KYC compliant intermediary is money laundering and then send the swat team out to whatever ip they can track down via NSA whatever. Game. Set. Match. Banks win as usual, all done. They'll take it down just like Pirate Bay, etc. Can someone tell me how people think the cryptonerds can win here? I'll be over here munching on my popcorn thank you. As long as we're talking money and priorities: The budget for the film Gravity was $100 million dollars. Sending this Indian probe to Mars cost $69 million dollars. With any of these scientific breakthrough the proof is in the pudding. They've got to get some sort of prototype invention that uses their science to validate it. If they can't get their prototype device to work then something's wrong with the science. TL;DR Things will turn out fine if you don't become an alcoholic and maintain family relationships adequately. Going to Harvard doesn't hurt either. Let me rephrase that, the most common way to screw up your life badly after you've gone to Harvard is to become an alcoholic. No ad will ever beat this diet coke ad: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmBDeswu2dI Now diet coke, IMHO, is crap and I won't drink the stuff but I can watch this ad over and over again. Can one of you marketing geniuses in the audience tell me why it is so awesome? :) F.A. Hayek thoroughly demolished the Keynesian anti-deflation argument in the 30s in his critique of "The Paradox of Savings" http://mises.org/daily/2804 Venus isn't the nicest play in the galaxy with surface pressure 92x earth and a temperature of 462 C and all. San Francisco native here. We have homeless in San Francisco for the same reason that Burning Man is in the Black Rock desert and we have the Folsom Street Fair. We want to make it a little uncomfortable for the fussy intolerant people who tend to show up in this great city on a regular basis. I'm kidding, but only sort of. :) The best way to get out of the bubble is to argue the opposite of your position for a while. Do it anonymously. Even argue a position that you ridicule, just for fun. It's a great excercise that often leads to a deeper understanding of an issue.