My experience with several of my clients who are paying Google "Customers" proves to me, at least, that Google doesn't consider those who pay for their services "Customers" either. The Customers are Google's advertisers. Granted, my experience only goes up to around 300 seats of "paid for" service, but locating a support resource that didn't shunt me to a FAQ or send me back an automated email telling me that my ticket was closed was difficult. I've always felt like the switch statement's "break" behavior should have been the implicit case, with a statement to trigger fallthrough if you really wanted it. I wonder what percentage of the time fallthrough is actually desired in switch statements. I would assume it's wildly in the minority. The module certainly looks neat, but being designed to use the manufacturer's "secure, reliable, distributed internet service" makes it appear to be useless for disconnected applications. Not every application of Wifi involves networks connected to the Internet. We had a discussion about this over on Server Fault ( http://serverfault.com/q/111813/7200 ) and UFTP ( http://www.tcnj.edu/~bush/uftp.html ), UDT ( http://udt.sourceforge.net/ ), and Tsunami-UDP ( http://tsunami-udp.sourceforge.net/ ) all came up as viable open source offerings (along with FileCatalyst and Aspera in the commercial space). All this makes me think of is "In order to transmit the same amount of information on paper, they would have to arrange for a 747 cargo freighter packed with telephone books and encyclopedias to power-dive into their unit every couple of minutes, forever." I haven't looked at the release previews yet but I can only imagine. The antique-looking Windows 3.1 font control panel persisted into Windows 2000, so I can't believe that we'll be rid of the trappings of more recent versions of Windows anytime soon. I'm a little disappointed with the answers from Zypher (one of the Stack Exchange sysadmins) and Jeff Atwood. Particularly troublesome is Jeff's statement "If you have a 'man in the middle' then there are deeper problems, like, you're using a compromised network." I'd argue that it's appropriate, from a security architecture perspective, to treat the entire Internet as a "compromised network". Admittedly, my use-case for the Stack Exchange sites (specifically Server Fault) is a little different than most people's and I'm a lot more worried about "theft" of my "identity" there than most people would be. Still, though, I'd like to see the answer revisited in light of mid-2012 technology / costs. I suppose I should go post something over there... At least where I am, in the US, hosting your own services at home is all well and good until you become frustrated with the piddly upload bandwidth you get from your ISP and the potential of running afoul of transfer caps. Consumer acceptance of "personal clouds" isn't going to happen if using traditional "cloud services" is cheaper, faster, and more reliable. I don't see that story getting better anytime soon. My personal situation is much the same as yours and it works well for me, too. I question how well, however, it would work for someone who is more into creating media with their mobile phone than I am, or someone who wants to share data from their personal network with friends / family. I don't think it's a safe assumption that the only parties upstream from you are ISPs and TLA government agencies. If script kiddies are hacking major corporations I think it's a safe bet that ISPs are vulnerable, too. Your Stack Overflow "identity" may not be of great value, but it's worth keeping in mind that any cleartext traffic is vulnerable. Being cognizant of sending data over the Internet in cleartext is a good thing, to me. I sincerely hope that graceful "retirement" of these small satellites, especially if they fail to deploy properly, is being taken into account in their design. We've got enough orbital debris already. When the article quotes a company spokesperson saying "Even if 20% of them failed, you'd still do your mission..." I get antsy. Another product that obviously doesn't need to be Internet-connected to function but is (presumably to create a recurring revenue model for the manufacturer). A $250.00 retail price is too much, to me, to risk on a device that will be relegated to the junk heap once the back-end "cloud service" disappears after the manufacturer fails. In some jurisdictions it isn't possible for creators to disclaim all their rights. In those cases something like WTFPL (or, in a more tasteful manner, CC0) is necessary. The "pool of warm keep-alive connections to the main web servers" is still sending the traffic over HTTPS, then? Edit: I'm clear that latency is reduced and how that's accomplished. I just wanted to get clarification that the connections between the early SSL termination and the web servers was also encrypted, too. Wouldn't Ben have known that the manager wasn't conducting the mandatory "1:1" meetings with employees if Ben had regular "1:1" meetings with the next lower tier of management? The double standard irks me. Lead by example, not by intimidation. I'd agree w/ the "waste is good" thesis if not for the fact that, at least in the US, we're not really paying the true cost for the environmental impact associated with food production. Less waste would mean less food production and less environmental impact. Perhaps it's just me, but I've always felt like wasting anything that has scarcity-- food, water, etc-- is just a morally bad thing to do. Without judging the statement, I would say that there is a strong moral component to it. Here's a link to a note Dan wrote about the video being marked "private", as well as a link to some notes about the talk. http://lists.common-lisp.net/pipermail/pro/2011-April/000464... Using ActiveSync to access Exchange would probably be the best way to pull it off (though there are probably patent-related concerns). A lot of Exchange admins aren't going to like opening up IMAP, but nearly every Exchange installation today has ActiveSync enabled and exposed to the Internet. I'm always impressed by the PostgreSQL team. Personally, I'm excited about the range types and I can see immediate usefulness for them. My own applications aside, anything that helps developers create schemas that are better able to handle temporal data is a good thing. If the proposed HTTP REST API ( http://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/HTTP_API ) makes it into the product then the native JSON support is going to be even more useful. (I'm excited to see that there's an experimental attempt at it, too: https://github.com/bjornharrtell/postgresql-http-server ) I don't think there's a tone you can take that will make non-technical users understand that it's "not your fault". To the non-technical user your site is just down and, potentially, a service they're paying for is unavailable. I'd argue that such an outage _is_ your fault. If you're worried about Customer perceptions as a result of outages of third-party services your site relies on then, I'd argue, you need to have redundancy in your choice of third-party services. If it's important enough to worry about it should be important enough to spend some money on and do something about. If that drives up your costs then your product's cost, to your Customers, needs to reflect that. I agree w/ Mr. Atwood's assessment that people are, have always been, and will continue to be the weak point. I strongly disagree w/ his statement that no attackers still attempt frontal assaults. Thinking that way promotes a dangerous complacency, not unlike the complacency that I see created after a company spends a large sum to install some security product. "Now that we have product we are 'secure'!" In my work I continue to see Internet-facing machines with shockingly poor security posture in companies large enough to "know better". Those vulnerabilities are, of course, still "people problems" at their heart (sysadmins who end-run good security process, developers who won't allow patches to be installed, etc) and they're still out there en masse. This leaves a goodly number of Windows XP machines at one of my K-12 educational Customers unable to use Google Apps effectively. I suspect many other public schools will be in the same boat. Chrome has design eccentricities that make it interact w/ some Windows management functionality (redirected "Application Data" folders, specifically) in a very suboptimal manner (maintaining 10MB+ of files in each user's redirected AppData folder is a problem on a server hosting 3,000 users' folders). Installing Chrome on the Windows XP machines isn't a slam-dunk. I suspect we'll just have to bite the bullet and use Chrome while, simultaneously, giving up functionality in Windows to do it. Yeah. 30GB of rather expensive SAS-based storage on a SAN. After having operating levies fail and seeing state funds radically cut we're pinching every penny we can. Every little bit helps. I'd love to use something like ZFS to handle this storage, at which point this wouldn't be an issue, but I have to work under the constraint that various teachers acting as Windows admins need to be able to manage the servers. More money would solve this problem for me. Money aside, it's galling that the developers aren't building for the enterprise deployment case. I WANT to run Chrome _badly_ in corporate environments but it's not engineered for my use-case. Not exactly. It would if we redirected the user's data. Since Chrome Frame isn't a freestanding browser, though, it's really not necessary to redirect the user's data. That's likely what we're going to end up doing, once we fully test it. If Google got SSO to our SAML server working for Chrome Sync this would be a non-issue but, apparently, we're also the only people in the world that want that functionality, too. We're using that installer, and Group Policy. We're redirecting the user's "User Data" folder into their roaming "Application Data". We're finding that Chrome is storing 10MB of DLL files there (gcswf32.dll being the big offender). We're also seeing the same behavior as described in this posting: http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/xvd0gSJ... Chrome installs a gcswf32.dll file into "Program Files" but it appears to be downloading a new one for each user, stashing it in their user data folder, then failing to load it properly on subsequent sessions because it's stored on a network path. We are using this version and having difficulties with it. I don't know if that's directed at me for not knowing to search for an "Enterprise" version of Chrome or what. We're using the "Enterprise" MSI-based installer. We are seeing difficulties with it. It's storing large DLL files in each user's user data folder, which we're putting on a server so that user settings will "follow" them from computer-to-computer. I've been down this road with other application development firms before. "Application Data" folder redirection is necessary for us because the roaming user profile grows an inordinate number of files in the AppData folder, which in turn causes logons to be _exceedingly_ slow when users logon to a computer that doesn't have a cached copy of their profile (such as computer labs where machines are frequently re-imaged, which is our pain point). I don't know where you're getting the phrase "... this is not a supported configuration for Windows profiles in general". Unsupported by whom? Microsoft has been shipping Application Data Folder Redirection as feature of Windows Group Policy since Windows 2000. ) and not some kind of "registry hack" or unsupported (by Microsoft) tweak. I've yet to find any Microsoft developer documentation advising that this feature is "unsupported". I _have_ seen multiple applications broken by using this feature (including Microsoft applications) but I don't think that makes the feature "unsupported" by Microsoft. It seems like this feature is "unsupported" by applications because they make assumptions about how Windows behaves and don't engage systems administrators in their development process. In the case of Chrome I _really_ want to use it in enterprise situations-- it's my favorite browser, personally. The attitude of installing into folders writable by individual users seems to pervade even the enterprise distribution of Chrome, however. I would argue that, in an enterprise environment, updates should only be applied to the computer's copy of Chrome and not into individual user folders. This creates pain and frustration for sysadmins. It sounds, to me, like the "component updater" doesn't take into account installs where there is a computer-wide copy of Chrome and needs some re-architecting. Alternatively, we would be able to completely circumvent this problem and just leave the user's Chrome "User Data" folder in their local profile if we could use "Chrome Sync" with our SAML SSO that we use for Google Apps for Education. I haven't looked at it for 6 months, but the last time we looked Chrome Sync did not support authenticating via our SSO, so we had to scrap that idea and go with using a redirected user data folder to allow users to have their Chrome data "follow" them between computers. ISPs hosted email servers for individuals for years. I don't know why hosting a social networking server for Customers would be any different. I don't know enough about the tent.io API to decide how I feel about it, but I think that history with SMTP, NNTP, etc, shows that decentralized protocols with servers hosted by a diversity of third-parties (instead of a single Facebook, Google+, etc) can work. I don't see how the tent protocol has any hope of scaling to large numbers of users / servers. The notification traffic for anyone with a significant number of "followers" is going to be significant. I think the view that the tent spec authors are taking is a bit too simplistic if this protocol is intended to be Twitter or Facebook-scale. Servers belong on the Internet. If users have an Internet connection at their home and are willing to accept the potential reliability issues associated with hosting a server at home then, by all means, host a server at home. UPnP NAT traversal is decently-supported in many consumer-oriented routers, as is dynamic DNS. I wish that the tech community hadn't lost sight of this and formed this artificial distinction between the Internet and the "home Internet". We could have been focusing efforts on making hosting services on servers in users' homes easier, but the siren-song of offering hosted services to create recurring revenue streams won out. I don't buy that it's "the simplest". Just about every major Linux distro ships w/ SFTP enabled out-of-the-box. How is installing an FTP server easier than just using the built-in SFTP server? I've been trying to actively discourage the use of FTP for the last 10+ years. It's not an option because it passes passwords in-the-clear. Protocols that pass cleartext authentication should just be off the table today. I think that low-power computers are the future of "always on". I'm migrating the "always on" home computers I use, and those of my family members, in that direction. I don't think email is a good "host at home" candidate, personally. Anti-spam services benefit too much from an economy of scale that comes from shared hosting. Having said that, though, I've hosted my email (SMTP and IMAP) on a consumer-grade Internet since June 2004. I've had outages because of service-provider issues (Time Warner) once in awhile, but the outages of significant duration (24 - 36 hours) have been either I was using unreliable old hardware. In those outages my secondary MX picked up my mail just fine and I worked from cached email on my personal computers. Assuming I was using more robust hardware or, for that matter, more simple hardware (a plug-computer that I could swap with a spare, moving an SD card containing all my email and configuration between) I wouldn't have ever had an outage longer than 8 hours since 2004. If the server was in a larger city (rather than the rural setting where it's hosted) I don't think I would have suffered thru than 8 hour power outage, either. The Tent protocol sounds like something that would work best hosted by your ISP, a third-party hosting service, or a rented platform in a third-party data center ("the cloud"). (It actually sounds like a naive re-implementation of some of the functionality of SMTP.) The things I'm most interested in hosting at home are things like home automation and Internet-connected appliances / devices. These products typically aren't going to be receiving requests from a large number of Internet hosts, don't necessarily need 24 x 7 uptime, and, most importantly, won't work if the home's Internet connection or power has failed (and, thus, don't gain any reliability benefit by being "cloud"-based). Given that there's no further development happening at Microsoft on the DOC, XLS, and PPT formats it's unclear to me why there's any advantage to Google, from a code maintenance standpoint, to removing these formats. If Google was having to invest labor in maintaining the export functionality I suppose I could understand, but I would think the export code is long-since debugged and working. What makes the cost of maintaining this old feature so high as to warrant its removal? My apologies for having a very US-centric view-- it's all I know. The US Constitution says: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." I have a problem with how the law has been twisted by the copyright industry to render "limited Times" to mean a virtual eternity. Fix that and I have no beef with copyright. The public domain is important and needs to be nourished. The "Founders' copyright", with respect to duration, has been shown by multiple studies to be more than sufficient to create economic incentive while, at the same time, not starving the public domain. I'd make a blanket response to your "Shame if you..." points as follows: Maybe those ships have sailed and society has no need of those things anymore. If society needs those things it will find a way to pay for them. If it can't, it doesn't need them. An industry's failure to create a sustainable business model in the face of the reality that technology has created isn't a failing of the technology. It would be nice if business would just optimize for reality instead of trying (and repeatedly failing) to bend reality through legislation. I don't know that the public realizes what they're giving up in "consideration" for what they're receiving. I think that arguing about absolute positions on copyright is silly. Throwing out copyright is a bad idea, but what we have in the US now-- de facto eternal copyright starving out the public domain-- is at least equally as bad. I can't accept the premise that society simply wants "higher creative values". Just because the technology exists to make movies, for example, that feature photorealistic CGI robots throwing buildings at each other doesn't mean that such technology (and its requisite expense) _has_ to be incorporated into every movie. High production values exist, but that doesn't mean every creative product must have them. Consumers still purchase licenses for works with lower production values if the work is compelling. It may be that the factors supporting the finance of works with large creation expense are just an aberration and will disappear. I'm not arguing morality or a position on copyright-- I'm simply saying that if it becomes impossible to profit with works that cost a lot to make then nobody will make those works anymore. Technology has changed the landscape, and unless you're willing to live in a police state with strict regulations on general purpose computing and communications technology, that genie isn't getting back in the bottle. I've seen air-gapped computers infested with malware. Portable storage devices can easily host malware. Air-gapped machines are more likely to have old, exploitable vulnerabilities, since they're not able to receive updates over the network and some people erroneously believe that being air-gapped makes them more "secure". Edit: External media connectivity is typically used for updates. It's much more convenient to have a USB port that will use an off-the-shelf mass storage device than a JTAG and a custom programmer. Why use Windows? It's easy and inexpensive to get developers who are familiar with the platform. You can leverage a lot of tools that already exist for the platform. You get a lot of hardware support "for free" using manufacturer-provided drivers. Medical device manufacturers are for-profit entities looking to make a profit. If using Windows makes it easier to make a profit then they'll use it. If that's problematic to society, from a security perspective, then regulations should be put in place to put make security costs impact the manufacturer's bottom line. Personally, I'd like to see pentesting as part of device certification requirements. A thousand times this. We've distanced the individual from the costs associated with all things medical and, in so doing, have removed a lot of the power of having a free market. Medical expenses weren't what they are now all that long ago, either. We have a nice question about this over at Server Fault: http://serverfault.com/questions/119892/company-password-man... I've looked at Thycotic Software's Secret Server product ( http://www.thycotic.com/products_secretserver_overview.html ) I was impressed, but none of my consulting customers have signed-up. I recently spun up a copy of the open source WebPasswordSafe ( http://code.google.com/p/webpasswordsafe/ ) and liked what I saw but haven't really had much of a chance to bang on it. Wearing my security auditing / pentester hat I've run into CyberArk's Enterprise Vault product ( http://www.cyber-ark.com/digital-vault-products/pim-suite/en... ) and found it very reasonable. It was refreshing to do a pentest where we didn't find a shared Keepass database or something similar. It works badly. If you want any kind of post-paid plan you typically are forced to purchase a phone with a carrier lock. Some pre-paid plans will let you purchase SIMs and "bring your own phone" (Wal-Mart's "Straight Talk" being the largest that I'm aware of-- they're an AT&T MVNO). The average US cell phone user has no idea that phones and service aren't one-in-the-same. I remember brainstorming designs for an Elite-style MMORPG an on Elite/Frontier mailing list back in the mid 90's... Ahhh... memories! This is one of those things that, though I'd love to see it happen, I don't think ever will. Invariably the device will have security vulnerabilities. The potential man-in-the-middle access this thing will afford an attacker would be a treasure-trove, especially if it has SSL bump-in-the-wire functionality. My experience, as of late, is that HP is pretty bad when it comes to shipping machines with pre-loaded crap. Dell and Lenovo business-oriented computers ship fairly clean, but HP business-oriented machines ship with loads of crapware. All consumer-oriented machines ship with crap. Bittorrent always makes me think about transfer-capped Internet connections. It feels like even wireline-based Internet connections in the USA are moving toward being transfer-capped. I don't see how Bittorrent works in that world. Windows 95 had no security model. There are no "system-level privileges" in Windows 95. If you could execute any code on the machine you "owned" it. There were some contrivances in the shell to attempt to limit user access, but nothing serious like the security architecture of Windows NT. This photo really makes me appreciate the fractal geometry and self-similarity of natural formations. When looking at part of the image w/o any objects of known size for reference I lost all sense of proportion. Tiny "pebbles" were actually boulders, etc. I think it depends on how you define "getting rich" and what you find fulfillment in. I think "getting rich" would be worth it, if "getting rich" means being able to be more thoughtful about the work I'm doing and less enslaved by it. Years ago I had a "side job" on weekends that paid roughly 2/3 of my "primary" job. Working on my weekend job felt stress free and enjoyable, as compared to the daily Monday thru Friday grind. I attributed a significant fraction of the enjoyment I felt in the weekend job to the fact that I didn't really _need_ the job. (Sure, it was _different_ work from the M-F grind, too, so that also factors in.) My "getting rich" goal involves being more reliant on my investment income than my consulting income. My experience with that old weekend job makes me believe that, as my reliance on consulting income fades, my enjoyment level with the consulting work will grow. Having more freedom to be selective about work I take on, being able to do more charitable and volunteer work, and being able to work on fewer jobs simultaneously are all goals that I know will make me happier and decrease my stress level. The Internet Archive has put up a number of issues of Creative Computing ( http://archive.org/search.php?query=collection%3Acreativecom... ) but it looks like the first 2 years aren't there. If you'd consider sending them to the Internet Archive I strongly suspect they'd scan and host them. re: copyright expiration - Absolutely. Your first link got me "Filled with so much drama he now praises the iPad". Tee-hee... Edit: Youtube version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyCGrWMk8Ws I just couldn't resist... >sigh http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbHzcWMMpec The pedantry in some of the comments have me practically smashing my head into my desk. The semantic arguments about whether the actual password storage mechanism is encrypted, encoded, etc, are wholly irrelevant. If a web site can sent you a "I forgot my password" reminder email which includes your plaintext password then the site operator is storing the password in a plaintext-equivalent format. If the password is stored as a plaintext-equivalent then attackers can steal your plaintext password when they "own" the site. To address the encryption pedantry: If a site is using encryption to store the password but the key to decrypt the password is available in the site's servers then, arguably, the encryption just amounts to an encoding. Symmetric encryption requires that the key be kept secret. Keeping the key on the servers means that it's not secret and means that it's not really encryption. Edit: I see that the discussion is heading this way so I'll head it off at the pass: I would argue that there is no reason that any site operator ever needs the plaintext of a user's password to be stored persistently for any reason. There is no valid reason passwords should be stored in a reversible manner. (Somebody is going to bring up storing credit card numbers with symmetric encryption, too. That's a broken system and, arguably, needs to be replaced with something based on asymmetric encryption instead of "secret numbers" that we have to transmit between quasi-trusted parties.) I'm unclear what you mean when you say "and I use two layer sha-2 512 keys with unique salts". The Plain-Text Offenders site is concerned with web sites that can email you back your original password in plain text. Personally, I'd be most concerned when these emails are in response to an "I forgot my password" request. (Initial registration emails that send you back your plaintext password are dumb, but don't necessarily indicate that the site operator can reconstruct your plaintext password.) If you are physically incapable of reconstructing the user's plaintext password and emailing it back to them then I'd say you're in good shape. If you have enough information to reconstruct the plaintext password then you're doing it wrong. The pedantry that's irritating me is this argument about there somehow being a "safe" way to store the plaintext-equivalent version of a password (there isn't) or even that there is somehow a need to do so (there isn't). I agree that the Plain-Text Offenders site should state this plainly. I like RDBMS security (and I think it needs to be employed more frequently), but there's still no valid reason to ever store a plaintext (or plaintext-equivalent) password. Storing something toxic in a "safe" way doesn't make what's being stored any less toxic. The effort to create and maintain a "secure" one-off credential storage system seems like a waste given the availability of well-tested, accepted methods of credential hashing and storage. We need to get rid of the unregulated, manifest "socialist" medical system that the United States has today and replace it with something that is a known quantity. A public system is one option (and one that I'm in favor of), but there could be other solutions too. In general, the current system doesn't stop people who can't pay from receiving care. If we agree that allowing someone to die because they can't pay isn't acceptable then we need to have some kind of public system. Care is rationed by insurers and providers who make judgement calls that, largely, aren't subject to public scrutiny or regulation. (We have the "death panels" that those opposed to public healthcare railed against, but these "panels" are made up of insurers and providers working in a decentralizd, uncoordianted, and uncontrolled manner.) What we have is a "shadow socialist" system where those parties who can afford to pay have to carry the slack for everybody who can't. Individuals and employers end up paying higher premiums to insurers. Healthcare providers increase the cost of procedures to cover the write-offs for the uninsured. Insurers negotiate relationships that limit consumer choice or access to procedures that providers aren't willing or able to discount. It's like the entire mess is designed to be suboptimal for all parties involved. It's depressing that, as a country, we can't have reasonable discourse, agree to compromise, and come up with some kind of substantive strategy. Agreed. Insuring against inevitability is silly, and health insurance shouldn't cover those events. A friend of mine uses the analogy of "food insurance" to describe the dysfunctional nature of attempts to insure against the inevitable. That's why I said "socialist" (in quotes) instead of socialist. It's not a true socialist system-- it's just a big ball of mud that's grown up over time rather than being something that is designed. Different interest groups have exerted influence over the years to shape that ball of mud in such a way that it benefits them, but it's still a ball of mud. It has the effect of spreading the cost to those who can pay (or who don't have the leverage to get discounts), much the same way that a socialist system would, but without the benefits of having a well thought-out socialist system that is subject to public scrutiny and regulation. I don't know what part of my taxes go to paying for the uninsured. I have anecdotal experience of seeing rather large hospital bills for emergency written-off because the person receiving care didn't have adequate insurance. I would agree that someone with health problems is likely to end up with no assets or credit, bankrupt, and receiving some kind of public assistance. Because writing a program to simulate a person using a web site is so much easier to do than calling an API. It's unfathomable to me why any company in the IT security industry would ship a product with an undocumented remote access mechanism built-in. This seems like a sure way, when the mechanism is inevitably discovered, to cause harm to your company's reputation. I've always felt vaguely distrustful of Barracuda anyway, but it's nice to have some facts to cite when not recommending their products. Does anybody else find the photo of the motel owner a little jarring? It's something about the lens distortion, I think, that makes me see him as a cardboard stand-up when I just glance at the picture. He ended up getting a year of probation ( http://www.freemcowen.com/thelatest.htm ). Facing a huge prison sentence for "hacking"... sounds eerily familiar. >sigh If there's denial of service hiding in there I wonder about what other security bugs might be lurking. It's scary stuff, and pretty much impossible to audit yourself. Edit: Also, I'm a little freaked-out that the EEPROM on the NIC can be modified easily with ethtool. I would have hoped for some signature verification. I guess I'm hoping for too much. Edit 2: I wonder if this isn't the same issue described here: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=632650 It sounds like, in this case, the OP is talking about the EEPROM holding code executed by the embedded coprocessor on the NIC (or, at least, lookup tables that the coprocessor uses) rather than a PCI option ROM that will be executed by the host computer's CPU. Depending on how the access to the EEPROM is performed (i.e. if such access is facilitated by the co-processor versus being read out directly from the EEPROM) I'd think an attacker could even implement "stealth" functionality to allow the compromised EEPROM to appear to be benign when audited. Depending on what functionality is being offloaded to the NIC (are there still NICs that do IPSEC and crypto offload?) there's the possibility for information disclosure vulnerabilities in the NIC itself. Yikes. It sounds like the vulnerability could be used to bring down any machine you can send an arbitrary Ethernet frame to. (I immediately wonder if it works for broadcast frames? Sounds like a way to take down a LAN full of machines quickly if it does.) Edit: Per http://www.kriskinc.com/intel-pod it does work on broadcast frames. Yikes! Reading about the OP's issue got me to a doc from Intel ( http://www.intel.com/content/dam/doc/application-note/sideba... ) re: the "NC Sideband Interface", which sounds like the place where the bug that bit you "lives". Reading over that doc made me shudder a few times, thinking about the complexity and, thus, potential bugs that could be lurking there. I wonder if the OP's bug was related, too. Having the NIC inspecting incoming frames and potentially diverting them to the management controller sounds like a scary proposition. I'd almost rather just have dedicated Ethernet hardware for the management controller. The decrease in switch ports needed is certainly seductive, but I wonder if it's worth the risk. (Do you happen to recall which Intel motherboard this bit you on? I was just getting out of whitebox Intel motherboard-based server builds about the time you're describing, but I'm just curious if only for the nostalgia.) The write-up gave me the feeling that the OP did just that. My experience has been that manufacturers will blow you off unless you can provide a reproducible test case. Certainly, his company doesn't sound like it has the volume necessary to threaten Intel w/ moving to a different NIC manufacturer unless the problem is resolved. With that in mind, I think the amount of work he did was just the right amount. That's not the impression I'm getting from the article or the author's comments. It's worse than that. It's not BIOS-- it's a freestanding computer. You'll enjoy this (or be horrified by it): http://fish2.com/ipmi/itrain.html They're definitely useful tools-- don't get me wrong about that. The fear is that they're controlled, essentially, by an in-band signaling mechanism. Being grafted onto the same NICs on the server computer that you might potentially expose to the Internet makes firewalling them a more difficult proposition. I get a lot of piece of mind from having management interfaces on an an out-of-band control network whenever possible. I looked at the patent referenced in the article ( http://www.google.com/patents/US8239662 ) and was disappointed to see nothing that would appear non-obvious. It looks like it would be pretty easy to infringe on this patent if one were building a pre-boot configuration management system with existing free and open source tools. Definitely. Makes me think of Dimitry Sklyarov and Adobe back in '01: http://www.zdnet.com/news/dimitry-sklyarov-enemy-or-friend/1... http://www.adobe.com/aboutadobe/pressroom/pressreleases/2001... I haven't something quite this egregious happen firsthand, but it fits the pattern for the interactions I've had when working for a "partner company" reselling big-name networking gear. Mailslots are an SMB-based IPC mechanism that dates back to Microsoft LanManager (LANMAN). I could see using mailslots as a mechanism to disguise traffic and potentially thwart NIDS. SMB broadcast traffic is considered "noise" by a lot of admins and might well be excluded from traffic monitoring to prevent "chatty" traffic from filling the logs. Using mailslots, as opposed to rolling a custom broadcast-based protocol, makes the traffic sink into the normal SMB noise floor. There have been vulnerabilities found in the code handling mailslots, but the protocol itself is just a mechanism to do broadcast-based communication. It's old and crufty, dating back to the DOS LanManager days, but I'm sure there are applications out there that still rely on the functionality and, as is typical for Microsoft, the API still exists in modern Windows versions. (The NetBIOS "Browse List" functionality that powered "Network Neighborhood" uses this protocol, for example.) Because the law says they have to. In some settings, privacy and wiretapping laws will apply to using Glass. In some other settings, they won't. Different US states have different laws governing the use of audio and video recording hardware in private versus public settings. Glass is going to force new discussion about one-party versus two-party consent to recordings. It's a conversation that needs to happen. Some US states have audio recording laws that can still apply even "walking down the street". Look at some of the cases of individuals attempting to record police who were charged under wiretapping laws. It seems to be an unpopular opinion, but what you see as the biggest problem I see as the most exciting feature (albeit Glass doesn't go far enough for my desires). I can't wait to see how machine learning can be applied to the corpus of audio and video recorded throughout my daily life. The idea that additional value can be "mined" from that data, retroactively, makes me even more excited. I found the user of Twitter and Google as dead drops interesting. They're both easy channels to disrupt to prevent the malware from receiving instructions, though. I used to speculate in conversation that USENET was just about the best dead drop on the net (actually, I think I heard Bruce Schneier make such a reference in a talk on tradecraft he gave at DefCon one year) being so decentralized. With the decline of USENET I've been hard-pressed to think of a decentralized, distributed dead drop mechanism that malware could make use of. Reading that thread was painful. I always use custom one-off email addresses for services I sign-up for and. When I've attempted to report disclosure of my email address I'm almost always met with major skepticism. It's maddening. I used to enjoy the reactions I'd get from store clerks and telephone reps when I give them my email address. "Oh, how you have an email address with our company name in it?" In recent years the reactions have turned kinda hostile, "What is your connection with our company?" and once "You can't have our company name in your email address." I gave up fighting and now I just use random strings. I'm glad I made the decision to host my own feed reader years ago. Mine's based on an old version of tt-rss, actually (I diverged from the codebase back in '05 when I felt like the author didn't really want any of my contributions). Edit: It looks like I'm also happy that I chose to host my own CalDAV server, too. Edit 2: @koenigdavidmj - Apparently I can't reply that deeply. DAViCal is the CalDAV server I'm using ( http://www.davical.org/ ). My wife and I sync our iPhones to it and it's been a godsend for my personal organization. (Now if I could just find a decent replacement for Mozilla Sunbird...) Sounds like somebody should send out the signal to Archive Team and Jason Scott. I'm running a 6 year old fork of tt-rss on a machine w/ specs that are too embarrassing to post and I get reasonable performance. I use a Postgres back-end and I spent some time tweaking indexes to get it to perform better. I haven't kept up with the mainline tt-rss distribution-- perhaps it's become crufted-up. The older releases definitely could work well even on modest hardware. This is technically interesting and clearly a cool hack, but it leaves a really bad taste in my mouth. It would be one thing to report on the large number of insecure embedded devices attached to the Internet, but it's another thing to actually use other peoples' devices without their permission-- especially at this kind of scale. HD Moore's DerbyCon presentation last year ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-uPh99whw4 ) showed that scanning the entire Internet without resorting to using other peoples' devices to perform the scanning is technically feasible and produces good results. The dataset for scanning for even a fairly large set of applications isn't tremendously large. I've self-hosted my calendar using DAViCal ( http://www.davical.org/ ) since I got my first iPod Touch. My wife and I use it to host shared calendars that we access from our phones. I run it on a cheap box I own but it would be just as easy to host it on an inexpensive VPS. Backup is a Postgres dump taken daily stored locally on the server and rsync'd to two other machines in separate physical locations. It took a couple hours to set up but has been trouble and attention-free for years. I like to tell people "Deep inside all the Windows NT distributions there's a great OS dying to get out...". REACTOS gives me hope that, someday, there'll be a distribution of an NT-based operating system w/o Win32. (Interix on top of NT w/o Win32 would have been close to what I'd have been interested in seeing...) SAML logons are failing, too. Postini as we've know it is shutting down. Google is forcing their Customers to move to Google Apps. I have several Customers who have been using Postini for multiple years each and I'm expecting a rough patch when we start being forced to "transition". As of the last "webinar" I attended w/ Google people there still isn't feature parity for the end user-facing portion of the service for those of us who still have on-premise email servers. Provo, UT was home to the former headquarters of Novell. There are still a number of tech companies in the area as a result of the concentration of talent there. They are advising all officers to power down their cell phones for fear of explosion. This is bad. They're talking about robots on the scene with "devices". It sounds like there are some suspicious devices, potentially explosives. Yikes. I think you're right on the money. I've decoded keys that I've seen people carrying on rings on their belts (and, in many cases, the pin values are stamped right on the key). I don't carry keys where people can see them, but I'm a little bit paranoid. With the advent of this service it probably pays to be a bit more paranoid, since somebody could take a picture of your key, send $5, and get a copy w/o knowing anything about pins and tumblers. Locks and keys keep honest people honest, and make people feel "secure". There's a lot of value in that. The actual security value most locks provide-- not so much. I don't think this service changes that dramatically. I've been itching to try out RoundCube ( http://roundcube.net/ ) for a few years now but haven't found the copious free time to check it out. It looks really pretty and the feature list looks nice. cough WebSQL cough So many apps, HTML5 or native, could benefit from an offline sync story. That wheel doesn't need to be re-invented over and over again. This reminds me a lot of WebSQL, which I've always been sad was killed. Background on the B-Unit: http://www.bloomberg.com/bunit/Overview_Features.pdf Definitely an interesting device. Check out Waze. I don't know about London, but it helps commuting around home and really shined when I used in during a trip to Los Angeles. It gives me that "sixth sense" feeling you're talking about. You can describe any illegal action as innocuous. I don't think it's black and white. Inserting money into the machine and pressing buttons is a lot more innocuous than, say, taking a screwdriver to the machine, manipulating it with an electromagnet, etc. I can't think of any way to describe those kind of manipulations in an innocuous manner. Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5636586 Makes more happy that I vetoed the vendor's request to one of my Customers to expose one of these systems to the Internet. They asked for exposure to the Internet and I laughed them out of the room. Same here. I just put a Surface Pro in one of my Customers' user's hands last week. I tried it out for a couple days as my primary machine and got 5 hours out if the battery the two times I elected to run w/o AC power. Yes-- that's what it does. Nodes need to agree on a pre-shared AES key, a modulus, and a remainder, and with that information they can monitor the wifi network to locate Bunny frames. I glanced over the "proposal.txt" file and I think a reasonable summary is as follows: Bunny monitors a wifi network to build a model of the types of common packets it "sees". Once it has built the model it can transmit data covertly by sending packets with a crafted length (based on a couple of pre-shared values) that are similar to the "average" traffic on the network. Bits of AES-encrypted data are stored in some of the various header and payload fields that are "sloppily" defined in the 802.11 standards. Other Bunny nodes are able to recognize these frames because their length modulus the pre-shared modulus value will equal the pre-shared remainder value. Yes. I already pay for such a service from POBox.com (and have since 2002), as an example of just such a service provider. (I host my own email, too, but I like having this address as a more formal personal email address that isn't connected to any of my personal domain names, blog, etc.) Yes. This. I had a more "radically libertarian" view before I "settled down" (bought real property, got married, made a child). I've increasingly bought into the idea that paying a fair fee for the services that society offers is a reasonable bargain. Paying the fee isn't the issue for me anymore. Rather, the uncivil political discourse and refusal to make reasonable compromises to deal with disagreements about how that money should be spent (and how government, defense, and social service programs can be sustainable) is what irks me. Living in the US makes me feel like a large part of my taxes are nothing but throwing good money after bad (even though I know it's really not as bad as I think it is). Assuming I'm considered an "IT Professional" it sounds at least vaguely interesting. I would certainly welcome another measure of my skills to help keep me on my game. This has been something that I've looked at a few times over the years. There have been a number of FLOSS and commercial projects that have tried to do this (and all that I'm aware of have sputtered out). A defunct product called "Mailonator" ( http://web.archive.org/web/20080611060558/http://www.mailona... ) did exactly what you're talking about. I wish web sites just used HTTP authentication over HTTPS. I'd love to get all the hours back that I've spent writing scripts to automate operations against web sites with home-grown forms-based authentication. I'm not sure what you mean re: "how they host email". IMAP is a higher-tier feature. I'm using them for SMTP forwarding to my self-hosted IMAP server, so not having IMAP from them has never been an issue. They have AtMail and Roundcube available if you elect to use them for email storage. I've used neither with them, though I do want to spin up a Roundcube installation for myself when I can find some time to tinker with it. Jeri says, in the recording, that Gabe personally released the technology to them. The Scientific American podcast Science Talk had a very informative show on fecal transplants: http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode.cfm?id=fec... There's a Viewsonic VP2290b on eBay right now: http://www.ebay.com/itm/190846605823 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenCola_(drink) It's technically very amusing but I have really mixed feelings about running code on others' gear even for good. Windows has a package management system (Windows Installer). It's crufty and quirky and gets abused (package files that are just wrappers around standalone installer programs, for example) but is generally pretty usable. I've always wished more Windows developers would use it. Looks like it's time for a fork. Anybody familiar with the architecture of Chrome Frame? In terms of how Chrome/Chromium is integrated, I'm wondering if it would be viable to maintain a fork of the Chrome Frame code or if there are "concessions" made for Chrome Frame in the Chrome/Chromium code that, if they go away, makes it impossible for Chrome Frame to function. The viability of this strategy depends on whether the Chrome/Chromium bits will continue to integrated with the "Frame" bits. I'm not getting a good feel for the architecture from just a quick glance at their repo, but I'd definitely like to find out how viable, long-term, a fork might be. If your connection is so bad that you have to resort to shipping physical media to upload data efficiently I wonder how you're going to make effective use of the data once it's loaded into "the cloud". I understand that most consumer Internet connectivity (in the United States, at least) is asymmetric, but it seems like constrained upstream capacity would go hand-in-hand with constrained downstream capacity, too. I understand "seeding" the remote storage for backup applications, where you wouldn't be frequently accessing a large amount of the corpus, but I wonder how this would work with applications like moving your personal media library out to remote servers if you were one of these people with a connection that's so bad that you need to resort to moving physical substrate around to move bits. Obligatory invocation of Neal Stephenson, by way of a prior HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4390110 Bob Bemer, often cited as the "Father of ASCII", proposed escape sequences to extend ASCII to handle larger encodings in 1960, pre-standardization. http://www.bobbemer.com/ESCAPE.HTM I'm not using Markov chains, either, but my little word-babble script does fairly well when you feed it "Neuromancer": He looked at the dance of the logics kinda bunker... It was no relationship with it... He looked like Armitage's toxin sacs. Professional pride, baby, I mean, these days? Get dressed, Case. Bus to his own laughter and smiled. Case plunged through the matrix below. He'd been slit. An AI's are still got it. Not the Baptist... Darkness there, Wintermute can. Case had the electric dance ten minutes to him... Cyberspace. A white teeth. Month later to the corridor. The phone bleated steadily. The Panther Moderns differ from the sides a burglar. He stood beside his own air in Straylight. Wintermute, Case peered at Case. You forget that made of the room. The Finn watched, then Armitage, come out. A man's voice, out of her, then. Behind the neural cutout. I think you're all together in cloud. But just above the terrorist has all of freckles. Another vote for tt-rss here, too. I use my own 2006 vintate fork (I decided I couldn't handle trying to contribute patches back to the developer) and haven't kept current with the mainline code, but it has served me very well. Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) can be used as a SAML 2.0 Identity Provider (iDP). This goes back to the introduction of ADFS in Windows Server 2003 R2. The SimpleSAMLphp project has been useful to me. It includes code for both a SAML Identity Provider and Service Provider. I would guess that they're using Active Directory because they have Windows PCs to manage. AD, arguably, provides a _lot_ of value if you have any quantity of Windows-based PCs that you want to manage centrally. I haven't seen any compelling third-party hosted offering to replace the SSO and Group Policy functionality in Windows client OS's that AD enables. Maybe when Samba4 reaches maturity that will change. Their price for a procedure I had in 2000, today, is half of what I paid out-of-pocket back then. Wow. This is great, and I hope it's a sign of a trend. There's some discussion here and a link to a podcast episode where Jeri talks about the firing and being given the IP for her project: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5786200 Same situation here. I get looked-at like I'm crazy when I try to explain my insurance and that I'd like to know more about the cost of a procedure or prescription before I agree to it. I've always tried to just pay cash for services. Increasingly, though, I'm finding that providers are being put under exclusive contracts which prevent them from allowing me to pay cash. As soon as they find out who my insurer is they clam up, explain that they're under contract w/ that insurer, and say they can't give me cash pricing. It's doubly frustrating because they usually won't talk to me at all if I don't tell them who my insurer is. Catch-22. The provider ends up billing my insurer who doesn't pay because I haven't reached my deductible. Then I get a bill from the provider, 4 - 6 weeks later. Sometimes the provider allows me to pay the "negotiated price" my insurer would have paid, but other times I've had to pay the full non-discounted amount. What a screwed-up mess. Fellow high deductible plan-holder here. Have you run into the circumstance yet where a provider is under an exclusive contract w/ your insurer and, once the provider finds out who your insurer is, is obligated to refuse to allow you to pay cash? I've had this happen 3 times in the last year and it's driving me mad. The providers were unwilling to talk to me unless I divulged my insurer, and when I did they were then unable to give me cash pricing. Maddening. Here's their Kickstarter: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/cloud-guys/plug-the-brai... They mention in the "The Tech" section that they're doing a VPN between the "Plug" and clients and that they've gotten it to punch thru "any main NAT & firewall we tested" and further say "it's decentralized when possible" but don't go into any more specifics. I'd like to know what their mechanism is for resolving the Plug's public IP address. Presumably they'll be running some dynamic DNS servers or some proprietary location protocol but since they make a point of saying they're not a subscription service I am immediately dubious as to how they plan to continue to finance running those servers. This entire class of products just makes me sad. It would be really neat to live in a world where the bandwidth (and lack of transfer quotas) actually existed that would permit us to take advantage of the exceedingly cheap large storage devices that we can purchase and put on our home and business networks. I don't see that world existing any time soon, at least in the United States. The computer with the USB devices connected is the "Plug" itself. It's just a tiny embedded server w/ a USB device port on one end and wired Ethernet on the other. I've used Zoneminder and, you're right, it's not all that great. If you can stomach running Windows you might have a look at the Geovision NVR software ( http://www.geovision.com.tw/english/Prod_GVNVRV85.asp ). I find it to be a lot more polished than Zoneminder. The user interface is a bit ugly but the functionality has been satisfactory. I have a client using it in a 100 camera installation, and another using it with just a single camera and it works well in both cases. A license to use the software is included with any of Geovision's cameras, which are also quite nice (and Linux-based, though they don't allow you to get root on the cameras). I don't want to seem like I'm shilling for Geovision in this thread. I have two clients who have Geovision cameras and they have had great luck with them. Have a look at: http://pd.geovision.tw/datasheet/BX-E/Datasheet_IPCamBX120DE... That camera is housed in an outdoor enclosure rated at -40°C and has a 1280x1024 resolution (there are higher available in that product line). That's about a $700 camera. I haven't worked with that model, personally. One of my clients has a number of this model installed: http://pd.geovision.tw/datasheet/Bullet/Datasheet_IPCamBL121... This camera is only rated to -10°C, but is more like a $500 camera. I can't agree w/ this assessment more. I did some contract work on network gear in a rural Ohio county's 911 center a couple of years ago and spent a few days around the dispatch center. I have a ton of respect for the work that the dispatchers do. I listened to them stay calm, cool, and collected while taking calls from people who were completely freaked-out (angry, injured, scared, etc). The job is certainly a lot more than just answering the phone. I listened starting a couple minutes before that and felt like I was going to fall asleep. I'm sure it loses something not being there in person but Mr. Alexander's delivery sure seems ponderous. All I can think of is a bit of old Internet humor: http://www.csh.rit.edu/~jon/humor/ha/java.html In my experience having a high-deductible health insurance policy that that I purchase myself I think this bit of the article can't be understated. "I explained that just because he had health insurance didn’t mean he had to use it in every situation. After all, when people have a minor fender-bender, they often settle it privately rather than file an insurance claim. Because of the nature of this man’s policy, he could do the same thing for his medical procedure. However, had I been bound by a preferred-provider contract or by Medicare, I wouldn’t have been able to enlighten him." My wife and I have run into multiple cases in the last two years where our providers would have offered substantial discounts for paying cash, however because of the provider's contractual obligation (and state law, to boot) they are unable to accept cash payment and are required to bill our insurance at a higher rate than their cash discount. Since I have a high deductible I end up paying for the procedure out-of-pocket at a higher rate than if I could have just paid cash. It's maddening. The practices we had our issues w/ were an imaging clinic and a pediatrician. I kinda expect that telling either one of them that we didn't have insurance would have resulted in them refusing to take us as patients. My wife and I talked about trying it with the prospective next provider, actually. My family is having exactly the same experience with our HDHP. I like the cost of the plan (and I'm saving every last red cent I can to cover future expenses) but I'm regarded like I'm crazy when I bring up cost to providers. That depends. Some providers are contractually bound (and in some jurisdictions laws also apply) into "preferred provider contracts" that require the provider to bill your insurance and disallow them from taking cash. Win32 is the ugliest part of Windows, to me. I like seeing the lower level "native" NT bits being re-implemented. (I think NT itself is a pretty elegant OS. I'd love to see a "distribution" of NT with a POSIX personality and no Win32.) That's where something like ReactOS fits in. Right now you can legally use a DOS VM running, say, FreeDOS (or an emulator, like DOSBox). There's no freely-available Windows XP equivalent. Sure, sure-- you can run Windows XP illegally w/ a volume license product key (to skirt product activation w/o modifying the product) but that's not a solution that "works" in many cases. It's technically very easy to run a Windows XP VM-- it's very challenging, legally. I just call it "the computer" since that's what it is. The reference to the names "Detective Stu Pitt" and "Detective Laughlin Foo" on the last page has me wondering about this. They both really, really sound like joke names. The similarity to the presenter's name (first slide) from the real North Dakota State Attorney's Association (NDSAA) presentation ( http://www.ndsaa.org/Computer_Forensics_for_Prosecutors.pdf ) also seems suspicious. It has the look that somebody took the real NDSAA presentation, tweaked it up, and released it as a hoax. Edit: Here's a site that seems to be hosting the same PDF as part of an article dated 1 April 2013: http://www.techarp.com/showarticle.aspx?artno=770 This fingerprint sensor and its potential use for payments is rather disturbing to me. I am (rightly, I would argue) apprehensive about general purpose computers acting in a "trustworthy" manner. I hope that this fingerprint sensor, which undoubtedly will be incorporated into authentication for payment systems, doesn't usher in a future of reliance on a fundamentally untrustworthy device. I really, really worry that the banks will jump on this as a way of limiting their fraud liability. (I'm thinking about how chip and PIN has been cited as a way to move fraud liability to the consumer.) To dumb it down: I'm envisioning a crappy future where you'll end up with fraudulent charges on your credit card (via your Apple account) that you can't contest because the credit card company will say "Hey-- your fingerprint was used to authenticate this charge. Therefore you did it." I don't think that line of thinking is too cynical. No quantity of assurances from Apple about how the fingerprint reader will be "firewalled" from third-party access will convince me. If the hardware and software were opened up for third-party analysis I might be convinced, but I really don't think that's going to happen. This fingerprint reader amounts to a complex hardware and software system with a lot of moving parts. It will have exploitable bugs and will be hacked. I think it will ultimately used to defraud, too. Thinking about the mass harvest of fingerprint data from the public by an attacker (like, say, the NSA) also gives me the willies. Will it be possible for an attacker to steal fingerprint data and use it to compromise other biometric authentication systems? Will it be possible to use stolen fingerprint data to plant your fingerprints at a crime scene? How do you recover from the theft of biometric data? Are you issued a new thumb? To be clear: I hate the current system of "secret numbers" embossed on plastic cards and encoded on magnetic stripes as a way of authenticating payments. At least, though, the plastic cards aren't battery-powered general purpose computers with radios attached to them. Bad as little bits of plastic and "secret numbers" are, my credit cards themselves can't betray me. A phone (or other sufficiently complex computer system) acting as my payment token most certainly could (and will). As an aside: I don't have any RFID-chipped credit cards, nor will I. When I end up having no choice in the matter I'll microwave the cards before using them. Banks can't do it, legally, but in the U.K., at least, they've tried anyway: http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/saving/article-2215223/Vi... I am not very optimistic U.S. about banks acting in a strictly legal manner. My real worry is malware and fraud from private actors-- not governments. Criminals seem to be willing to go to amazing technical lengths to steal. Looking at the personal computer software ecosystem and home computers, which are often bristling with malware, and extrapolating to phones, which will certainly have a larger install-base than personal computers, doesn't seem delusional at all. That's a ripe target for criminals. I find if vaguely disturbing that John Stoffel suggests to Linus that he mirror two discs in the future (presumably meaning a RAID-1 arrangement) and Linus responds with "I long ago gave up on doing backups." Linus conflating RAID with backup?!? Surely not. My world feels turned upside down... >smile http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/saving/article-2215223/Vi... The only damage that I've ever read about re: over-brushing has been enamel damage caused by abrasives in toothpaste. The bristles of the brush should be much softer than enamel. I think WinRT is evidence enough that Microsoft can build NT for other architectures if need be. I'm sure it wasn't as simple as typing "make" to get an ARM version of Windows, but it certainly didn't take them very long to do it either. It should be since all the coin-drop signaling is in-band. I'd be all for this if the proxy were running on the device instead of LinkedIn's servers. If LinkedIn changes their User-Agent string then they're right back in again. I did FizzBuzz at an interview, years ago, using only addition and comparison. I mentioned, at the time, that years of 6502 assembler when I was a kid conditioned me to avoid multiplication and division whenever possible. My interviewers looked at me like I was crazy. Oh, well... >smile http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/bulletin/ms06-00... ) with Windows Metafile (WMF) files. This is a bug in the parser for TIFF files that allows for arbitrary code execution. MS06-001 was based on removing a "feature" of the WMF format (SETABORTPROC) that allowed for arbitrary code execution for legitimate, albeit antiquated, reasons. It's a DNS proxy that automatically adds routing table entries when queries/answers for "interesting" domains (associated with VPN connections) come in. Adapting this to run on a host (which would be configured to use the DNS proxy running on itself) with VPN connections terminating on the host shouldn't be too difficult. There's certainly a use case for doing this on a router but I could definitely see wanting this on my laptop, too. It's hard to take this seriously when you're making up your own authentication protocol-- and one that uses MD5 at that. I work 45+ hours, when I can, because I bill hourly and enjoy receiving money. I can't speak to the websites having problems with IE9 and above, however the desktop application compatibility situation has ended up being overblown in my experience. Sitting down with "Process Monitor" and weakening permissions or spending a few minutes figuring out how to apply the existing Application Compatibility shims the OS provides has sorted out almost every problematic desktop application. For the few applications that failed to yield the "Windows XP Mode" VM (which comes with Windows 7 Professional licenses) has worked fine (albeit the multiple users per PC "story" for "Windows XP Mode" is terrible and having a bunch of XP VMs to support adds complexity). Yes-- wuarchive.wustl.edu and ftp.wustl.edu are what I was thinking of, too. I fondly remember pulling Aminet and Linux-related files off those servers back in the early-to-mid 90s. Real backup is both offsite and offline. If your backup doesn't have both attributes then it isn't backup. I've been a contract sysadmin for a long time. In a former "life" part of my work was doing phone screens and job interviews for contract sysadmin candidates. If a candidate's answer to a nonspecific troubleshooting scenario didn't begin with (or contain very close to the beginning of the answer) "look at the logs" I'd bump them. Anybody whose problem-solving methodology doesn't including gathering pertinent data early in the process isn't somebody I want "solving" problems for me. It's likely Windows XP embedded, which doesn't enforce code signing. I've worked around some Retalix (NCR) POS software (mentioned in the article, though in Canadian stores) and I can safely say that the security posture of the software of theirs that I've seen is simply horrible. Perhaps Target has newer stuff than what I've worked with, but I'm talking about VB 6 code running in XP embedded using a "database" back-end that amounts to some Btrieve database files on an SMB share marked "Everyone / Full Control". Getting remote code execution on the POS machines would be trivial. The Verifone MX800 series, at least, can have Customer-supplied binaries installed. There's code-signing on the MX800-series devices, but I am aware of at least one version of the firmware that allows an attacker to get root access on the device pretty easily via the touchscreen UI and Ethernet port, assuming that default passwords aren't changed on the device. There are telco central offices disguised as houses, too. This one, in Anaheim, CA, US is a good example (CLLI code ANHMCA17RS3): http://www.co-buildings.com/ca/714/ https://maps.google.com/maps?q=33.8449,+-117.741&ie=UTF8&ll=... I can think of at least one product that will do, basically, what you describe. It's insanely expensive to license and setup. It would probably be feasible to fork the RANCID network device configuration version control application to create something that could do what you're describing out of FLOSS components, too. This is pretty cool. I didn't look at the IOCCC contest entry, but I can see the influence of the IOCCC rules on this code for sure. Having lookup tables in the BIOS binary to handle instruction decode seems bizarre to me (other than to get the code size under the IOCCC maximum). It has the effect of splitting the source code for the emulator between the C source and the BIOS assembler source. It evokes a feeling of the CPU microcode being stored in the BIOS. It has been demonstrated publicly. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_70UC0tPUU Your mentioning "ALTER" made me think about a dialect of BASIC that I once used (STARDOS BASIC on a "Micro V" computer, back in the late 1980s). This BASIC dialect had an "XEQ" function that would pass a string to the tokenizer and execute it as an immediate-mode command. If you started the string with a line number you could create self-modifying BASIC code. It was dizzying to my young mind. I'm not sure why Ben used a false name for the CFO. One quick search got me her real name, and more details about her eventual indictment. I, too, was annoyed by the omission of any relevant details. I did a little searching and came up with some nice details about the ISEE-3 communications system here: http://mdkenny.customer.netspace.net.au/ISEE-3.pdf This is one of the applications I'm interested in exploring with the Technical Illusions CastAR system: http://technicalillusions.com/castar/ I came here to make your third point. I feel strongly that code should be written to "fail safe"-- error state should be assumed until calls return otherwise, etc. I'm really enjoying reading this. I went spelunking for the EXE header to find any references to Mark Zbikowski (who is still immortalized in PE-format EXE files today). v20source/exec.asm, line 95: exec_signature DW ? ; must contain 4D5A (yay zibo!) There are a couple of other references, too. I'm sure they could, but that makes attacks only slightly more difficult. It's fairly trivial to look at common key blanks and visually identify the bitting (the "combination" of cut heights necessary to move the tumblers in the lock to the shear line). Sometimes the key has the bitting stamped right on it, numerically, too. Nobody spends $100K / yr on "a Terminal Server", either for hardware, software licensing, or support. If you are then you're not going to manage this "solution" any better, or you're going to be at a scale where Amazon's offering will be leaps and bounds more expensive. I find it hard to believe that an infosec professional would click a link in an email. Anybody who has ever run an phishing campaign as part of a pentest wouldn't. I only moonlight in the infosec industry, but I know that the Right Thing, upon receiving an unsolicited notification email from a website ("Friend" request, LinkedIn connection requests, "Track a package", etc) is to visit the site in your browser manually, versus clicking some link in an email that could likely be bogus. I think John Kemeny, co-inventor of BASIC, was a pretty interesting guy. He worked with computers under Feynman during the Manhattan Project. He argued for widespread computer literacy in the mid-1960's. He's worth reading about, for sure. I happened into a copy of Kemeny's book "Man and the Computer" ( http://www.amazon.com/Man-Computer-John-Kemeny/dp/0684130432 ) sometime around 90-91, and it fascinated me. I've gone back and read it since and, while many of Kemeney's predictions didn't hold up, the tone of the book is definitely inspiring. This is the first that I've had time to actually sit down and look at code, the RFC, etc, and I'm scratching my head. The rationale for the payload for DTLS (sent over UDP) is reasonable, but I'm scratching my head over why the payload is even there for TLS. I guess there's some logic in making the protocol the same irrespective of underlying transport, but the payload is completely redundant for reliable protocols, which will handle any retransmission or reordering automatically. Edit: Upon further (amateur and arguably ill-informed) reflection I'd argue that the heartbeat functionality shouldn't apply to TLS at all. It's needless complexity that can be handled by the underlying reliable transport. That doesn't change that the OpenSSL project clearly has code-quality issues, but it would have averted this particular fiasco, at least. I am dismayed that a security-oriented protocol isn't focused on minimalast design. That seems very backward to me. I don't know where to go look (mailing list archives? meeting minutes?) to find any discussion about this extension (I'm woefully ignorant of Internet standards processes), but it would certainly be nice to review that discussion. Given the rather dramatic differences that need to occur in a protocol designed to work over unreliable versus reliable transport, though, it seems like a bad idea to try to keep "parity" between DTLS and TLS. I can see how somebody might see it as "elegant" to do so, but I'd argue they're different animals solving different problems. I'm familiar with the paradigm. I've written some code to talk to dodgy embedded devices that don't "talk" unless they have something to say and I have ended up having to use timers. It sucks, to be sure. I looked back to RFC1122 to get a feel for the nature of TCP keepalives, and I would agree that they're unsuitable for this application. If we posit that a keepalive mechanism is useful for TLS I'd still argue that a payload is unnecessary because TCP will handle in-order delivery. A NOOP with some random-length padding would have worked just as well. That could have been accomplished with a fixed-length payload and variable-length padding, though. Microsoft published a description of the communications, too: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc766017(v=ws.10)... Run your own local DNS server. Virtually every lightweight router-oriented Linux distro includes dnsmasq if you don't want to run a full-blown DNS server. Thanks for that link! That's a great looking tool. That makes no sense. Charging Netflix for congestion their traffic creates on Comcast's upstream pipes has nothing to do with congestion or routing difficulties inside Comcast's network. Comcast still has to route "each bit to customer houses" in the current scenario of Netflix paying for access. The fact that Comcast is eschewing the Netflix offer of free Open Connect CDN appliances ( https://www.netflix.com/openconnect ) tells me that this isn't an issue relating to upstream congestion, but rather with Netflix competing with Comcast's own VOD service. Having worked with Unisys-based financial software in the early 2000's (A Series MCP-based stuff) I can only assume that code you wrote is probably still running. There is a serious commitment to legacy compatibility there (for better or for worse). Metered service is, ultimately, what they want. They are envious of the kinds of margin wireless carriers are getting for data transfer over their networks. I don't agree with the "DRM is merely a weapon" bit in your last paragraph. DRM allows rights holders to create and "monetize" new "rights" outside the legislative process. Copyright law (in the United States, at least) allows for "fair use", but the DMCA criminalization of "circumvention devices" creates a method to eliminate fair use rights via technology. Once DRM is legally protected rights holders can go wild using DRM to, effectively, make up new laws. My self-hosted apps work on my laptop when I have no network connectivity. That's a big win for me. Funny you mention Mappoint. It's exactly what I use when I'm navigating for my wife on trips. It works fine in areas with poor wireless data coverage. (We supplement with Waze to get traffic reports, but "self-hosted" Mappoint guarantees we won't lose map coverage because of radio issues.) I had 768/128Kbps DSL until last month (when my wife got fed up with poor streaming video quality and called the telco about upgrading). For using my bank, credit card company, and "social networking" sites it was fine. That's not dial up speed, I realize, but it's not 2Mbps, either. Since the upgrade to 7/1Mbps service I have observed that sites I thought were slow on the old service are still slow. My wife says YouTube and Hulu are better. I am pleased that my VPN to home seems better (which I attribute to the increased upload bandwidth). A website displays on _my_ computer. I should have more control over that "space" than a "public space", for sure. There's nothing wrong with wanting complete control of how my computer is being used. If the business model of the advertisers requires that they trust that my computer displays their ads then I see it as their fault for misplacing their trust. The position that an owner of a computer should be obligated to cede control of their computer to third-parties seems more ethically dubious to me than the position that they should not. I am certainly proud to make the argument that the owner of a computer should control its operation. I would argue that terms-of-service "agreements" which assume I will cede control of my computer to a third-party are immoral. I find it offensive that anyone would argue that it's alright for others to tell me what I can do with my computer. I wish more people would take a stand against attempts to control how owners of computers use their devices. We might not have gotten ugly legislative constructs (like the DMCA in the US) if people had cared more about their rights. The "essence" of my argument is this: Private owners get to control their computers (at least right now). It is a false reality to think things are different. I don't think your analogies about unlawful detention of persons, theft of scarce physical goods, and some kind of victim-blaming rape accusation follow at all. I certainly can't formulate how to respond to these non sequiturs. Code executing inside a computer has very little to do with kidnapping, theft, or rape. I certainly don't see any of them as even remotely equivalent or analogous. I might have made an argument about the "morality" of skipping commercials using digital video recorders (DVRs), which seems a lot closer to analogizing altering how a web site displays on my computer. Television producers are learning that owners of DVRs skip commercials and, rather than (for the most part) making arguments about taking away the rights of owners of DVRs, are moving to other business models (like product placement). Rather than assuming my computer will display their Customers' ads (or doing odious things like trying to get laws passed to make private ownership of general purpose computers illegal) I'd rather see website operators move to new business models. If that means that some "free" services disappear then so be it. If a service can't finance itself by having its users be its Customers then I'd argue there's probably a pretty good chance we're better off without it. (I do find it exceedingly amusing that you admit to using AdBlock yet make the argument you do. I haven't ever used any advertisement blocking software. I simply eschew services that I find inundate me with advertising, or just "look around" the ads when a service is compelling enough to use.) I'd heard of Varian but didn't know much about them. It turns out that Bitsavers has some Varian-related docs: http://bitsavers.trailing-edge.com/pdf/varian/ I don't see arguing about the "house" analogy could be productive. Viewing a website causes code to execute on my computer. Changing how that code executes on my computer doesn't change the website for the owner or for others visiting the site. Having a physical presence in someone's home arguably causes physical changes in the world for the owner of the house and for others visiting. It's not a useful analogy for this argument, to my mind. I do like the television analogy, though. Presumably you'd argue that I shouldn't be permitted to mute the audio, change the channel, or skip ahead or back in the video stream when the "owner" of the video being displayed says I shouldn't. Does that "owner" have some kind of moral right in how I "consume" their content? Sounds like an argument for the "broadcast flag" and even more draconian restrictions to make the television that I paid for and own "belong" to someone else. Yikes! I wouldn't want to "consume" that content or buy a television that had that kind of functionality in it. (I'm already frustrated enough at DVDs with "unskippable" material that, effectively, punish me for using a legally-licensed media in a legally-licensed player.) Arguing that I shouldn't be permitted to alter how a website displays on my computer is, effectively, arguing that I don't actually own my computer when a third-party says that I don't. "In consideration for viewing our website you agree that you don't own your computer." I definitely wouldn't visit that website. Nobody says that kind of thing out right, though. Website operators just require silly things like DRM-plugins (Silverlight for Netflix, for example) that erode my control of my owner computer. I don't partake of those kinds of "services", personally, and I definitely wouldn't recommend them to others. Computer "service bureaus" offered outsourced computing services in the 1960's and 70's. Do some research on "Tymshare", for example, and you'll see that "the Cloud" was alive and well back in the 1960's. Validation is provided by Authenticode signatures embedded in the EXEs themselves. Be careful with the demo! I noticed somebody creating "notes" w/ XSS (albeit just an alert) while I was playing with it. The main criticism relates to eavesdropping. Wrapping Basic or Digest authentication in TLS eliminates that issue. It creates a lot of pain when you need to connect these networks to each other, though. Admittedly, that's probably not a problem for parents, friends, etc. At my Old Job I demanded we keep a "registry" of the RFC1918 address space we allocated to Customers. We never allocated Customers in overlapping address spaces. It made VPN connectivity to Customer A while on-site with Customer B much easier. It also helped out in one case where one Customer acquired another. I haven't used with an Android client, but DAViCal has been working well for me for years: http://www.davical.org/ I hate being this guy, but the euphemism is to "jibe" with, not "jive". There's a nice write-up here: http://americanenglishdoctor.com/wordpress/jive-and-jibe Touche! It's not the same thing, but I'm reminded of Edison's concrete houses: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_vault/2013/06/14/thomas_ediso... Windows Server handles that much RAM fine, and, so long as it fits, SQL Server will end up caching the entire database in RAM. If I remember correctly they're using Dell R720's for their SQL Server machines. At current Dell retail pricing 384GB of RAM would be about $5,900.00. At that price I'd vote for throwing money at raw hardware and reaping the benefits of caching the database in RAM, versus trying to pay programmers to come up with clever techniques to deal with having less RAM. This made me think of an article I read years ago about evolving circuits (albeit digital ones) on FPGAs: http://discovermagazine.com/1998/jun/evolvingaconscio1453 "At best, an air gap is a high-latency connection." -Ed Skoudis Made me immediately think of: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXUhQnOYR54 Here's the talk from DerbyCon that the article is talking about: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcsxeJz3blI MBNA offered one-time-use, limited-time use, and limited total charge disposable credit card numbers in the early 2000's. It was very handy, then Bank of America took them over and discontinued the feature. Boo. There was a good presentation from the Chief Security Architect at Bromium from DerbyCon last year: http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=videos/derbycon3/4303-san... He absolutely tears apart application sandboxes like "Sandboxie". The drone cameras from The Artificial Kid are arriving, eh? http://books.google.com/books/about/The_Artificial_Kid.html?... My sister had acute pancreatitis that her doctor said was caused by her gallstones. She'd been ignoring them for several years and had gotten used to the pain. When she started to get feverish, though, she went to the hospital. The doctor told her that she was at reasonable risk for sepsis if she'd let it go too far. I'm consistently impressed by the sincerity and humility that comes through in what Woz says and writes. Not only is he a great engineer, but he just seems like a really great guy. If this article piqued your interest definitely have a look at "The Dead Hand" ( http://www.amazon.com/The-Dead-Hand-Untold-Dangerous/dp/0307... ). Thanks for sharing that! That really brings back some memories. A slight nit-pick: If the end-user is required to use a third-party hosted service to make the gear work then it's not really open hardware. She didn't do anything remotely this complicated, but a few years ago Jeri Ellsworth did do a couple videos of "homemade" ICs. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdcKwOo7dmM I regret throwing out my old Computer Shopper magazines. Their form factor was sub-optimal for long term storage, but they would be a ton of fun to look through today. Edit: Looks like there are a few issues (from the 2000-2002 timeframe) at the Internet Archive: https://archive.org/details/computer_shopper I'd love to see some early to mid-90's issues. Not caring about your GPA sounds like a great way to filter out companies that use bogus criteria as a way to filter prospective employees. I can't agree enough about the missed opportunity to use SRV records. This would have been such a monumental step forward. Edit: It makes me a bit giddy (which makes sense if you factor in my being a sysadmin) to think about what SRV records would've done for load-balancing, running servers on non-standard ports, IP address exhaustion, and server migrations. Anybody who doesn't appreciate proper service-location hasn't ever done serious sysadmin work and, IMO, has no business designing protocols. Try getting non-technical users to understand how to do that. Captive portals have been an unending source of frustration for my clients over the years. Prior discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4491216 I have a Customer who uses this equipment (the Vedeer-Root gauges that the article describes) in unattended fueling stations. They moved from dial-up modems in the stations to Internet connections a couple of years ago (to facilitate modern credit card processing) and, at that time, the vendor who handles the tank gauges asked me to forward a port through each of the the stations' firewalls to the gauge. The idea that I was going to terminate a VPN in each station and accept no unsolicited traffic from the Internet was completely foreign to them. With that in mind, I'm not at all surprised by what rapid7 is reporting here. It's likely that those IP addresses where they're finding tank gauges also have other targets (like video surveillance systems, environmental monitoring systems, automated fire suppression systems) receiving Internet traffic on forwarded ports, too. re: being a clone - Not at all dissimilar to Linux. >smile Years ago a couple of friends and I huddled around a System V Unix manual at our public library and discussed how exciting it would be to actually have a Unix machine we could use. I remember seeing an ad for Coherent in a magazine for, if memory serves, $99.00, and hatching a scheme to get my friends to pitch in with me and buy it so that we could have that Unix machine we wanted. (The plan ended up falling apart, sadly...) Maybe now I'll actually take some time to play with it. Could be a good use of the old 286 I've been hanging on to. I've been able to get old 300 and 1200 baud modems to detect carrier by whistling, but never by screaming. I'll see if any of my currently-accessible modems can even do 300 baud. If one of them can I'll get you some audio. >smile https://github.com/torodb/torodb ) a try for awhile now, and I think I'm going to see if Graylog will talk to it for grins. Actually, the Carterfone decision ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carterfone#Landmark_regulatory_... ) allowed attachment of lawful devices to the AT&T network. There's some discussion of the services that the Software Freedom Conservancy provides in the "Free as in Freedom" "oggcast" ( http://faif.us/cast/2010/oct/06/0x00/ ). I'd argue that business entities that realize revenue from restrictively licensing intellectual "property" (like VMware does) should bear the burden of the "high costs of employee training and maintaining a sizeable legal department." I would argue that if they don't want those expenses then, perhaps, they should seek revenue from another business model, and just release their software under Libre license terms. Intel has a good history of recalls and replacements of their motherboards and processors. The Pentium FDIV bug comes to mind immediately, as does the recall of motherboards with the faulty 820-series memory translation hub. I've wanted to scratch this itch for years and keep putting it off. Your desires don't look too far off from mine. (I do want a relational database-based index, and I'm fine having encryption handled by the filesystem.) For now I've been scanning the documents and storing the paper copies in boxes in the order they were scanned. My eventual hope is to import the scans into the mythical document management system, categorize the documents, then go back thru the boxes destroying any items that I don't absolutely need on paper. I have a number of Customers who have been self-hosting email since the late 1990's. The only blacklist that I've regularly had any problems with has been one-- ahem-- "fishy" company who, at least in the past, seemed to run their blacklist like a protection racket. The article mentions Wade Swormstedt and the Swormstedt family's background in signs. Tod Swormstedt founded a sign museum in Cincinnati, OH ( http://www.americansignmuseum.org/ ). If you're at all into the history of signs and placards you'll really enjoy visiting it. The situation surrounding "Blurred Lines" gives me a feeling of crushing sadness. It seems, to me, that the legacy of perpetual copyright (and the death of the public domain, as a result) will be a future in which the creation of new art is discouraged for fear of attracting the litigious attention of the zombie estates of dead artists or the corporate "owners" of the rights of prior works. It's not so much lack of compensation that seems chilling to me, as it is the prospect of the work of my creative expression being snuffed-out. Granted, I've never had any major creative ambitions (certainly nothing I tried to seek compensation from), but these types of verdicts come up in my mind whenever I think about personal creative expression. Were I compelled more strongly to create art perhaps I'd be less concerned, but my thoughts turn first toward personal liability when I think about sharing any of the photos or music that I've created with others. I rarely crimp cable anymore, but having a quality crimp tool makes a world of difference. I picked-up an Amp crimp tool secondhand for under $50. The tool is precisely built, very durable, and produces repeatable results. It's very frustrating to have a termination ruined by a poorly-made crimper. Practice is the only way to get really good at it. I did several thousand RJ-45 terminations and a similar number of punches into 110-style jacks back in the late 90's, early 2000's. After you've done enough muscle-memory kicks-in and you get consistent, good results. If you just need a few crimps purchase pre-made certified patch cables and you'll save time (money) and frustration. This is disturbing. I've been recommending their gear for the last couple years. Now I'm wondering if that's such a great idea. If Microsoft would break out the old Interix ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interix ) code and throw it on here I'd be ecstatic. (Interix was pretty great, back in the day. I think MSFT made a mistake deprecating it. A lot of FLOSS tools built on Interix just fine, back in the '99 timeframe, and if it hadn't been put out to pasture it could have definitely served as a sell into the POSIX world.) I didn't live there, but my grandparents did and my family summered there (on Long Lake) every year from the early 80's thru the last few years. I snorkels and later dove in Lake Michigan and surrounding connected and non-connected lakes. The water definitely got more clear in the 90's and 2000's to my unscientific eye. It's beautiful country up there. Nothing much compares, to me, to northern lower-peninsula Michigan summers. Designing such a system to use a centralized authority, as opposed to having a distributed architecture, sounds like an invitation for all kinds of chaos. Given how seductively "easy" centralized solutions seem to be I don't doubt things will go this way, with results varying from hilarious to frustrating to tragic. (I'm not saying that distributed architecture is a panacea, but it seems like a centralized system is both wholly disempowering to the individual and much more vulnerable to all sorts of corruption.) That's a problem that has to be worked around in a system with a centralized control architecture, too. Presumably there will be some safety systems acting autonomously in the car (latency and network reliability being what they are) and those systems will be gamed. To boil my position down: I want to see an Internet-style architecture rather than a "Bell System" style architecture. I'd rather have "smarter cars" with "dumber roads" and as little mandated centralized control as possible. In a decentralized system attestation of identity (likely tied to one or more existing civil methods) and attribution of actions observed to individual vehicles would definitely have to be a component. Any identity system cannot approach 100% reliability, but if every car is able to report to law enforcement (or private driver reputation-tracking networks) the observations it makes of the behavior of other drivers I would expect that "cheaters" would be visible as statistical outliers. "The car to my left doesn't answer as a known transponder challenge/response in the vehicle reputation database I am querying. I am going to assign a lower priority to any non-emergency events it is reporting to me." "Hey-- that car just started broadcasting a different transponder response. Something is really, really funny where. I'm going to alert cars in my proximity that something is up so that they can physically identify the car with their LIDAR / imaging / etc. and treat it cautiously. If enough funny-business occurs eventually law enforcement will be alerted and physical interdiction can occur." "According to the vehicle database I'm subscribed to this car always traverses statistically similar routes 15% more quickly than other cars. Other cars in its proximity on these routes have their traversal slowed as compared to their traversal of the same routes when this care is not present. It sounds like funny business is at-play. I'm going to cast a vote for this car to be more likely to be subject to an inspection." etc. I'd prefer such a world to not involve the ability for totalitarian (or-- ahem-- certain republics who purport to be democratic in nature and are filled with power-mad bureaucrats conducting dragnet surveillance) to use these tools for public surveillance, but I'm resigned to that fate. Self-driving cars themselves aren't a threat to freedom, but the infrastructures of surveillance and control that will grow up around them almost certainly will be. Freedom aside, whatever happens is going to end up being an information security nightmare. Too many disciplines who have never had any exposure to information security are going to intersect with this technology, and each of those intersections is going to be ripe with all kinds of interesting threats and failure modes. People will be inconvenienced. People will be robbed, physically assaulted, and violated. People will die. I have no illusions that criminals are unsophisticated and that these systems won't be attacked in every possible way. I think the existing auto fleet can be overcome fairly easily, albeit by a company that enters the market in a position that's initially losing. The model I see that will remove individually-owned, occupant driven vehicles will some variation of: My company will purchase your auto and credit you some amount of haulage on my autocar network, and perhaps some cash. For the low income people using sub-$1,000 cars a token amount of credit will be sufficient. The real value for them will be the convenience and reliability of transport they get from my system. Imagine not losing your hard-won job because your "beater" car failed at an inopportune time. Imagine not having unexpected car expenses that make you choose between, say, food and transportation. The higher-end market will be a tougher sell, but there are likely productivity, personal time, and environmental impact arguments that can be made there. I'll sell your car (likely at a loss) in some area when I haven't achieved market penetration yet (or for salvage). Once you're bought-in to my network you might leave me for a competitor, but ideally I'll use regulation, contractual lock-in, and other tools to attempt to keep Customers tied to my product until I've recouped my initial investment. I think it could work. I don't particularly like it, but I think it has at least a non-zero possibility of happening. I can't imagine that there won't be strong efforts made by any entrants into the individual autocar market not to hinder the penetration of new public transit systems, and to hobble existing systems. I'd be interested to see statistics from more rural areas where there isn't any robust (or, in some cases, any) public transit. In urban areas, where living without a car is a possibility, I don't doubt that the low income population doesn't drive. In more rural areas I suspect it's the opposite. Think about the physics. There's a _whole_ lot more energy in a moving car than in a saw blade. The car is also being operated in physical circumstances that vary wildly (wet road surfaces, high wind, being struck by other cars) that don't happen in the comfortable little micro-universe of a spinning saw blade. A step along the way to the drone cameras from Bruce Sterling's "The Artificial Kid" coming to real life. Utopia? Did you read the last sentence of my comment? I think a self-driving car future is a future with disempowered individuals in a neo-feudal transportation world. It sounds terrible to me, but I think it's likely to happen (at least in the US). There are practical and economic advantages in that future and some large existing economic players who can profit from it. I'd tend agree with your comment in the short term. Moving my daughter's child safety car seat would be a pain, for sure. Longer-term I would expect to see modular standards emerge for child safety car seats. You lock your child's seat into the standardized base that's hiding under a seat cushion in the back of the car. There are already stroller / pram systems that incorporate the child safety car seat, so I could expect that market to boom, too. Moving things besides yourself is something a lot of people in urban areas already do with public transit. With a private autocar service it's more likely that you'd get more space than on a subway or bus, so I'd think it would be even easier to move more than just yourself. I would expect a rental option to let you keep the car with you, as opposed to it returning to the fleet when you reach your destination. This particular device was mentioned in a discussion here awhile back: http://www.teledynecontrols.com/productsolution/ned/overview... One of the collateral PDFs for the device shows it connected to "IFE (In-Flight Entertainment)" ( http://www.teledyne-controls.com/pdf/NED_Brochure.pdf ). Just the existence of such a device gives me reasonable cause to believe that there's more interconnection than "isolated just fine". While I have a lot of respect for the engineering processes that go into aviation systems, I've also had enough practical experience in IT security to know that blind faith in things being done right is foolish. Cliff Stoll's enthusiasm warrants REALLY. LOUD. Cliff seems like a genuinely great guy. I didn't see anything in that post to give me the feeling that code is being executed automatically. While I would concede that requiring the user to click on something inside the "payload" document isn't a high bar to achieve it is different than automatic code execution upon opening the document. I don't know how much it shares w/ OLE compound documents, but OLE for Process Control (OPC, now retroactively renamed to "Open Platform Communications") is very common in multi-vendor SCADA environments. ICMP delay-line memory. I'm actually shocked at what I felt was a not wholly unreasonable $77,000 price-point. I contracted with a prosthetics manufacturer a several years ago, and during the course of that work I recall hearing prices north of $20,000 for some of the trans-femoral prostheses with microprocessor-controlled knees. At $77,000 this unit certainly doesn't seem unreasonably expensive. I often have mental flights of fancy when I wonder what the world would have been like if end-to-end had been preserved and IPv4 NAT hadn't arisen to put a stranglehold on protocol development. Twitter, Facebook, eBay, et. al. should be protocols, not freestanding businesses. It's much harder to "monetize" a protocol. That's a feature, not a bug. I wonder about the viability of a 501(c)(6) trade association providing data storage service to dues-paying member companies. For some reason I find the idea of a scaled-down Phalanx gun adorable. Another endorsement for ttrss. I've been running it since 2005, albeit I forked my version years ago after finding the original author a little abrasive to deal with re: patches. Commenting to voice my agreement. Modeling and querying temporal schema in a traditional RDBMS is difficult so most developers don't even try to do it (and, when they do, they do it badly). I came here to plug "Developing Time-Oriented Database Applications in SQL", but you already did. Once you start developing systems w/ temporally-oriented schemas I find that it's difficult to go back. Queries can be painful (and arguably the functionality should be "baked-in" deeper down in the RDBMs stack), but the functional result is very nice. Readout of a CCD is destructive. There are types of sensors that have non-destructive readout (Charge Injection Devices being one example: https://www.cis.rit.edu/research/CID/a_cid_is.htm ). If they're using DNS to resolve the name of the "mothership" just put a bogus record (or zone) in your DNS. If they're not using any name resolution protocol and you can isolate the IP addresses they're talking to just blackhole them at your border. Default deny is the only viable strategy. (It's also completely impractical...) I haven't thought of Mr. Wizard in years. His show helped me understand base 2 at a reasonably young age. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak0IdUoXZcs Source code for slot machine firmware is open for regulator scrutiny. Human lives aren't directly at stake, but apparently gambling rises to the level of importance that such scrutiny is accepted. How is is acceptable that automotive firmware, an application in which human lives are directly at stake, doesn't rise to that level of importance? I'm really glad to hear this. I haven't kept up w/ Backblaze, other than to read blog posts on hard drive reliability and the storage pod designs. This comment made your services vastly more interesting to me, and much more applicable to my Customers. Gonna go read about your product offerings now. I'd gladly take the "con" of installing new software over having a useless brick if the startup tanks. This perspective completely ignores the use case of off-the-shelf software where you have limited or no capability to add "application metrics". Logs are invaluable in that scenario, which is arguably the majority of software deployments. I really enjoyed this retrospective on Gary Kildall. He was a really interesting guy, and I'll echo the sentiments of my sibling commenter-- a major influence on the development of the personal computer. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdj8gh9GPc4 The CN on the PoC certificate is amusing. How long until this is used to lock down the independent "publishing" of images? This seems like a great foundation upon which to build software ecosystems that discourage user-generated content w/o the imprimatur of an authorized publisher attached. My father got one back in the early 2000's from the estate of a collector and I've gotten to drive it a few times. You definitely get a _lot_ of looks and comments. I found it to be a supremely uncomfortable car. It's particularly nasty in the summer-- the AC is underwhelming and the windows offer very little ventilation. His is a manual transmission and it feels under-powered, viewed in the context of a daily driver. Viewed in a "sports car" context it's definitely under-powered. His car is fairly low mileage (under 30K), but it needed a substantial amount of electrical retrofit (the stock relays had a propensity to short-out, apparently) and the torsion bars on the doors needed to be replaced. They are definitely iconic cars. I'd love to hear about your digitization workflow. I have an enormous backlog of books that would be much easier to read (more portable and available) if they were digitized. I've witnessed many replacements of screens, motherboards, and CPUs on Dell laptops performed next-business day, on-site. It's all about how much you spend on the warranty. Thanks for the information. I wish I could get over my hangup about destroying books, because that sounds like a very reasonable workflow otherwise. The "rage" seems misplaced. The OP didn't think about their needs when buying the machine and didn't purchase the appropriate warranty service package. Having a backup laptop would be another option, too. (I can't imagine the OP doesn't have backup camera bodies, likely at a greater expense than having a good-enough-to-get-by backup laptop.) The various threats and exploitation strategies that will be used against self-driving cars are going to be very interesting (and likely ranging from inconvenient to lethal). There needs to be significant public discourse on the subject. Sadly, I expect that the fact that general purpose computers are a major component of self-driving cars will mean further legislative restriction on the use of general purpose computers. The idyllic vision of everyone riding in self-driving cars with "tamper-proof" and "trusted" firmware / processors is seductive (and arguably easier to build) than developing systems that are resilient in the face of malicious actors. Cars will end up being computers you ride in, running code that you legally prevented from examining or modifying. I hate the thought of it, but I can't see another scenario actually playing out. For the next three years, and then the exemption could be revoked. When industry lobby successfully stirs up other groups with "safety" concerns I don't think it will be so easy to win another exemption. I think you're wearing rose-colored glasses, and you're underestimating the number of attackers that will be targeting autonomous vehicle systems. Your faith in "common sense good security engineering" saving the day flies in the face of years of IT security reality. Computer security has been discussed, both formally and informally, since there have been networked computers (have a look at the "Ware Report", prepared by the RAND corporation for the DoD in 1967), yet the general state of IT security is horrendous. The Toyota uncontrolled acceleration bug and the subsequent software quality issues were reported by Phil Koopman make me think the auto industry isn't particularly qualified to take on security, reliability, or formal verification of their software. (Toyota might be a single example, but I find it hard to believe that software quality is generally any better across the industry. VW's software-based emissions defeat device makes me that much more suspicious of the industry as a whole.) Attackers are going to be everyone from nation-states who want to surveil their citizenry to individuals who "game" the algorithms in other drivers' autonomous cars to allow themselves to move more quickly through traffic. I'm sure that staged accident insurance fraud, carjacking, hit-and-run, and other vehicle-related crimes will evolve in the face of the rise of autonomous vehicles. I expect an outcry from law enforcement and "grass roots" groups to demand draconian measures to "lock down" autonomous vehicles. I expect that copyright maximalists and others who would benefit from restrictions on the use of general purpose computers will jump on the bandwagon too. I'm envisioning a future like Stallman's "Right to Read", but applied to our cars and any computers that interface with them. It's the Apple Device Enrollment Program ( http://www.apple.com/business/dep/ ) and it allows enterprises to exercise "mobile device management" at the time of device activation. Apple says that once devices are enrolled they can't be removed (because, presumably, rows cannot be deleted from a database after being added... >sigh I disagree with the idea that we need to renegotiate the norms and definitions of ownership. I think we need to require sellers to be clear on whether you're buying or renting. Rentals are great for a lot of things, but I want to know when I'm renting something. It's very frustrating that I must to heavily scrutinize every business transaction because, seemingly, many things that are sold as purchases are actually rentals. If I'm told I'm purchasing something I would expect it to perform in reasonably the same manner until it physically wears out. I don't want to be required to be tied to any third-party services, updates, "cloud", etc. If I am then it's not a purchase-- it's a rental and needs to be called that. A very similar story w/ the Amiga: http://www.techradar.com/us/news/gaming/23-unseen-images-of-... I was pretty disappointed about this. The predecessor games to Elite Dangerous, Frontier and Frontier First Encounters, had a Newtonian flight model (and an optional "time acceleration" feature to artificially shorten intra-system flight time). I was going to say much of the same, but I won't echo you. I just recently watched this really interesting video from London Code Mesh 2015 on the Apollo Guidance Computer where the radar antenna-generated interrupts were discussed (among other interesting bugs). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xY45YE7ggng The Lenovo discussed here purports to have ECC capability: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10039306 I don't know if you'd call that "consumer grade" or not, though. If you're interested in some technical background on the Telharmonium you might like: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AV34h-YCMbE Am I the only one who finds the photo of the spillway intake off-putting? The CD32-specific custom chip is Akiko ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_custom_chips#Akiko ), which did chunky-to-planar conversion in hardware. This makes me want to breed Tamagotchi-like programs to find and exploit vulnerabilities in the AI for the purposes of gaining arbitrary code execution in the AI. Ultimately, the goal would be to break out of the matrix and/or infect other Tamagotchis, causing them to do the same. This kind of surveillance by government isn't going away, so I'm happy to see this kind of technology ending up in the hands of the public to help level the playing field. Compromise is essential for legislation to happen, but I also don't think riders really are a form of compromise. It's an underhanded tactic. The "fix" for riders, in the past, has been the line-item veto ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Line-item_veto_in_the_United_S... ), which allows the president to veto parts of legislation. It was passed in 1996, challenged, then struck down as unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in 1998. You would like stateful packet filtering w/o NAT even more, I suspect. You've probably never gotten a chance to work in an environment where that's possible. It's nice to have one layer of complexity (NAT) removed from the equation and to work with only packet filters. (It's nice not to have to worry about split-horizon DNS, for example.) John Coster-Mullen is in the comments, too! Very cool. (Background: https://www.reddit.com/comments/gey2l/iam_john_costermullen_... ) You might want to look at the Nitrokey HSM. I'm using one for a project and I was blown away by the feature set for the cost (as compared with the SafeNet devices I originally looked at). Its signing throughput is too slow to run a website with any significant new connection volume, but for personal applications it could be made to work. As just an HSM I think they're a phenomenal value. I knew a family w/ the last name of "Null" from high school. I wonder, from time to time, if they have suboptimal experiences using the 'net. I'm glad the videos are on Youtube. I'm getting rather suboptimal streaming playback on Frontier DSL from the "media.ccc.de" server. What "integration" are you seeing? It looks to me like they're just dumping you out to a CMD.EXE instance and leaving it up to you if you want to run Powershell. It's nice to see MSFT embracing SSH and all, but this is nothing that we haven't already been able to do for going on 10 years (likely longer) w/ OpenSSH on Win32. They purchased a reasonably nice POSIX environment when they bought Interix in 1999 ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interix ). Interix was a lot of fun to use, and I really wish it still existed as a product. I used to have fanciful dreams of a POSIX-based Linux-like "distribution" of Windows that kept a lot of the things I like about the Windows NT environment (NTFS filesystem, kernel object manager, service control manager) but jettisoned those things I don't. You could do this right now w/ w/ a "Startup Script" or using Group Policy Preferences. The authorization to logon is, presumably, tied to the "User Right" to logon interactively and shouldn't have anything to do w/ the SSH server (since it's just userland). Yeah-- that was a pretty braindead response. I was thinking "authorized hosts". Now I feel silly. re: the public key authentication for domain accounts - They're calling the undocumented NtCreateToken() API in "win32auth.c". They don't need a password to create a token going that route. They've also got an LSA Security Package to do the key validation inside LSA. I'm looking at this very quickly, but I'm not seeing that they extended the AD schema to store the public key in the user's AD account. That would be the best way to handle it, ultimately-- just have the DCs use that SSH-LSA Security Package to authenticate the users against the public key stored in their AD account. It's a custom SSH authentication method invoked with a special username, "Fortimanager_Access". The protocol is a weak "challenge/response" using hash of the challenge concatenated with a string (used in multiple firmware versions and not at all unique to the device). I've heard the "blame a vendor" argument again and again in my life, but I have yet to see this "blame" ever occur. Granted, I'm dealing with small and medium-sized companies, but I've never seen any kind of tangible financial outcome from "blaming" a vendor (other than that vendor not getting future sales). I remember hearing about Danny Hillis (who went on to co-found Thinking Machines, who produced the massively parallel Connection Machine computers) building a tinkertoy computer. A little bit of digging turned up this book w/ some a chapter that includes, I believe, the computer you're talking about: https://archive.org/stream/tinkertoycomputer00dewd Copyright of bitmap fonts is less straightfoward than it might appear. (Vector fonts are more apt to be recognized as "computer programs", but simple renderings of the alphabet are, for example, not considered able to be copyrighted in the United States.) I can't decide if this is sarcasm or not, so forgive me if it was. These are monospace fonts because the character modes in which these fonts were used were strictly grid-based. It looks to be complete. Dark Angel's virus writing guides ("ps_vir..." files here http://textfiles.com/virus/ ) are good for some nostalgia, too. Everything in your own head is still pretty much private, for now. Give it some time, though, and FMRI will be reading thoughts (and the government will be compelling people to get scanned). Maybe my secret hope of Exchange on Linux isn't completely insane after all... I don't think Exchange uses any interface other than LDAP to hit Active Directory, so I'd think there's at least a fighting chance that the AD requirement could be satisfied by other LDAP servers. I can't speak to the IIS integration anymore-- I quit following that at a low level back in the Exchange '03 timeframe. I would suspect there's a clear line between IIS and Exchange, however, that could be used to facilitate an adapter layer for a flexible HTTP(S) server like nginx. The SMTP, POP, and IMAP services, though, would probably involve a lot of re-implementation. It's a good thing we have functionally perpetual copyright. I'm sure this will encourage Harper Lee to write more books. I love this. Reading about the build leaves me itching to present something using one of these boards. Thanks for sharing! NT shipped w/ a POSIX subsystem. Later, Microsoft acquired Interix ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interix ), a more fully-featured POSIX subsystem. I have fond memories, in the late 1990's, of running GNU tools on NT under Interix. Be aware that Microsoft is moving to a core-based licensing model for Windows Server 2016. Microsoft would like a piece of this "ROI", too. The bit about creating latches that require opposable thumbs is vaguely troubling to me. Creating selection pressure for opposable thumbs in raccoons (or some functionally similar anatomy like the sesamoid in pandas) seems like a very bad idea. Raccoons with opposable thumbs are nightmare fuel to me. ed: Misspelling. Thanks! https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8436265 I regularly see ads during Youtube videos for what I would assume to be malware -- "driver updates" and the ilk. It would be nice if Google would get their own house in order. Yes. This. Years ago a "textfile group" I was involved with decided to release a 3 1/2" floppy diskette w/ our files at a hacker con. I thought it would be cool to put a custom bootsector on the disk-- something that displayed an easter egg rather than the boring traditional "Non-System disk or disk error" the bootloader on MS-DOS-formatted disks displayed. I ended up making a simple static mode 0x13 display w/ a gradient background and a text message. When I tested it I discovered my message was being displayed backwards and in the wrong positions. I'd set the direction flag earlier in the code and neglected to clear it. I was preparing to add the one-byte "CLD" instruction when it hit me that I could just leave the code as-is and reverse the data. I saved a byte and the code did exactly what I wanted. I was quite happy. You can't experience that kind of joy in a high level language. The Wikipedia article for Windows NT references this, but also references a statement from Mark Lucovsky stating that the original target for NT, the i860 processor, was codenamed "N-Ten" and that the "NT" name came from the target processor. It would mildly be interesting to get confirmation of the real source. The PROCESSOR_ARCHITECTURE environment variable on x64 builds of Windows has always been "AMD64", however. Given the rarity of that machine I'd guess it's actually worth a fair bit to the right collector or Amiga enthusiast. (It sounds like quite a find, to me, and I wish I could justify the purchase... >smile http://www.elhvb.com/mobokive/edwin/laptops/Compaq/Compaq%20... ). Then choose a different vendor. I gotta believe McLaren had a healthy gross profit margin on these vehicles and could just shovel money at the problem. I also find it hard to believe that only a single vendor could provide what they needed. Based on my experience I'd blame lack of foresight before I'd blame physical impossibility. It would be nice if it wasn't. Touche. (The "punctuation inside / outside quotes" is something I think about in my writing nearly daily. It's nice to know somebody else thinks about it, too.) I once stuck a telco "This number is no longer in service" recording (w/ the "special information tone" preceding) and as much silence as the voicemail system would allow as my outgoing greeting. People _still_ left messages... In my experience the fact that you even know the words "Service Broker" makes you an odd duck. (My company uses the heck out of it, BTW... It boggles my mind that it's so unknown to most developers using the Microsoft SQL Server platform.) I particularly enjoy when a cashier asks me to read the last 4 digits of the card, rather than following the instructions on the terminal (which say something like "Give card to cashier..."). Asynchronous processing. Service Broker has a queue-based metaphor and it can execute stored procedures asynchronously when new messages arrive. I gnash my teeth every time I see problems "solved" by the "we'll just poll the database periodically for changes" pattern that could be better-served by Service Broker. Service Broker performs store-and-forward reliably message delivery inside a single SQL Server instance and between instances (on the same machine or over a network). The inter-instance delivery is particularly nice insofar as that it can use certificates for authentication (which is very nice when you have disparate Active Directory environments in play). We've built a couple of system that use it and have been very pleased with the results. I can't figure out why it's so obscure. The documentation isn't terrible but it's definitely got a steep learning curve. It increasingly feels like we're living in the end of the "golden age" of podcasting to me. I've got my little homegrown podcatcher downloading files and sticking them on my server so I can stream them over my LAN or load them onto my devices for offline play. Presumably publishers will muscle into this market to "monetize" the entire thing and completely fuck it up. No more MP3s to load on my devices, etc. Oh, well. It was nice while it lasted. Maybe I'll end up breaking out the old rig I built back in the early 2000's to timeshift public radio shows to MP3s. As I read the article I kept thinking "Toynbee Tiles" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toynbee_tiles ) over and over. I get perverse joy out of using the Windows CMD.EXE shell (and the earlier COMMAND.COM from MS-DOS). Yes, it's tremendously crufty, idiosyncratic, and sometimes seems down-right illogical in its behavior. Arguably, just about anything else is better, but it holds a special place in my heart. Meat sounds. http://www.terrybisson.com/page6/page6.html I'd be interested to know if the author followed the "alt.fan.elite" newsgroup back in the 1996-1997 timeframe. There were some discussions on the group at that time re: multiplayer online Elite-type games. (Specifically, I ended having a number of emails w/ a guy named Randall near Melbourne talking about game dynamics, etc, back in late 1996. I'm sure it isn't the same guy, but it brought back fun memories and caused me to dig out some old backups for a quick read today!) This emulator looks interesting: http://toastytech.com/guis/salto.html My Elite experience was on the Commodore 64, but aside from that it sounds like we had a trajectory through subsequent titles that was similar. Your screenshots look great and I really enjoyed reading the entire blog. I'll take a different tack here: I'd be interested to know what kind of reasons you have for wanting to make the switch back. I've been self-employed for 14 years, and the couple of times I've done this analysis I've been hard-pressed to come up with justification to get back in the employment "game". My personal situation sounds somewhat similar to yours. I started this venture single, w/ no kids, and relatively uncommitted outside of work. I've since gotten married, had a child, and picked up various and assorted commitments outside of work. If for no other reason I'm interested in your situation simply out of concern that I'm "missing something" in my analysis that self-employment remains the best gig. I try to look at work, as much as possible, as a business transaction trading my time and energy for money. I've never looked at work as being particularly "fulfilling" or defining my person. I derive pleasure from a job well done and I enjoy feeling like I'm creating good value for my Customers, but my fundamental belief is that my work is just a means to an end. I should be quick to point out I'm fairly lucky that, although it ebbs and flows, my current gig is generally not very stressful. There are bad days, to be sure, but in general I'm not at my wits end every day. I've also enjoyed the luxury of jettisoning clients who were undue sources of stress. Were stress a factor in my life I'm not sure how I'd factor it into analysis of a job. I'd want to know a lot about the "culture" of the prospective employer. From a financial perspective I viciously normalized the prospective salary/benefits into an hourly rate number (erring, where I had to, on the side of making the job seem more attractive). I compared that to my current net income and logs of my hours actually spent working (I try to collect a lot of personal analytics). The two employment opportunities I looked at were a significant decrease in income per hour worked. (I recognize that I'm lucky this was the case.) Even if it were a net positive to change back to employment I think I'd have had a lot of trouble ceding so much control of my life back to an employer for other reasons. It's particularly bothersome to me that employers, at least in my locality (Midwest US), have almost no legal obligation to be "loyal" to me. They sit in a negotiating position that often allows them to demand unpaid overtime, uncompensated 24 x 7 availability, and silly contrivances like non-compete covenants. (I suppose if I were more credentialed, more of a "rockstar", or just better at "selling" myself this would be less of a problem, but I still consider an employee to be, effectively, a business w/ a single Customer. If that single Customer chooses to take their business elsewhere... That's not a position I could imagine being comfortable in.) The idea of working in a corporate bureaucracy also grates to me. Perhaps it's just a matter of semantics, but coordinating my schedule with Customers to take a day off is exceedingly more palatable to me than "putting in a vacation request w/ HR" was back in the old job. Likewise, pulling an all-nighter or working a weekend "for myself" doesn't make me feel taken advantage-of like the same work did at the "old job". Given that the time w/ my now 3/yo daughter has proven to be precious to me (more than I expected it would, for sure!) I can't help but think that I'd feel put-upon even more today than I did 14 years ago. It's difficult to think that any amount of money would make up that that, either. Very good, but probably atypical, too. Our venture has been fortunate in that we've gotten good word-of-mouth and have acquired a great set of Customers, many of whom have been with us for very long engagements (10+ years, some of them). My wife and I were born in 1977, attended K-12 in rural and semi-rural Districts in OH, US. Our schools were most certainly as the article describes. I do some contract work for a K-12 District today and it's much the same. I see "A Fire Upon the Deep" cited as an inspiration and I'm immediately on board! Flo Control! Yes! The daily picture archives on the site were great. I especially liked the ones where other neighborhood animals (a skunk and a raccoon, if memory serves) tried to get in and were denied admittance. I wondered what this looked like. I found a promo video ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVpulhO3jyc ) and some apparently VCR-recorded gameplay ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTtIzLZGNLw ). There are some interesting notes in the file at https://github.com/Museum-of-Art-and-Digital-Entertainment/h... re: architecture. It's interesting to me that the AGC contains an implementation of a virtual machine that is used to perform the higher-level mathematical functions (called 'The Interpreter'). Some details are available in this PDF starting on page 74: http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/NARA-SW/E-2052.pdf It would be fun to do some research into the embedding of higher-level virtual machines in earlier computers. I'm thinking of 'The Interpreter' in the AGC as being an ancestor to 'SWEET16' in the Apple II ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SWEET16 ), or the 'Graphic Programming Language' ( http://www.unige.ch/medecine/nouspikel/ti99/gpl.htm ) in the TI-99/4A. Thanks for the link to The MADE's site. They've got a post on the open-sourcing of Habitat, too: https://themade.org/posts/1701 It's probably worth linking to the prior discussion re: the Github repo itself. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12048945 I think your article is unfairly characterizing the Nitrokey HSM and the underlying SmartCardHSM applet as "defeated". Your reasoning feels like a tautology to me. Of course having all the cryptographic keys used to protect a secret will enable you access the secret. A legitimate attack would allow access to the secret without first having all the necessary cryptographic keys protecting the secret. As you describe it any HSM that allows for the transfer of keys between devices is "defeated" by design. An HSM without any ability to trasnfer keys would be much less suitable for any application where disaster recovery is required (which, to my mind, is most real-world applications). We selected the Nitrokey HSM last year for a Customer's firmware signing project specifically to have this functionality. It was difficult and/or more expensive to obtain this functionality from the "big name" HSM vendors. With a product lifecycle of 20 years, my Customer required being able to, in a worst-case scenario, recover the plaintext of the signing keys to move to a new HSM platform. The "big name" players were quick to say that we could transfer keys between their hardware platforms (because they have a "behind the scenes" root of trust), but extracting keys to move to another platform was met with resistance. Secure procedures for creating and handling the PINs and DKEKs can mitigate every part of the 'attack' you describe. I feel much more confident in handling those procedures myself versus relying on a root of trust held by a "big name" HSM vendor. I consider this a major advantage of the SmartCardHSM platform. People don't know any better and don't understand the issues. They're not voting with their wallets. They just want to access the "protected" items. I tend to think most people are just going to accept when they lose access to "protected" items they've already purchased (or just have to re-purchase them). I don't like any of this, but I don't expect it will happen differently either. Crows definitely have good voice control. A local nature preserve and wildlife rehab center here has a couple of captive American crows (they can't be returned to the wild because of injuries). They mimic human voices very well. One of frequently says "American crow". DNC users have local Administrator rights on their PCs, apparently. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8763 You can lock-in your upgrade eligibility w/o actually installing Windows 10. The WinToUSB tool ( http://www.easyuefi.com/wintousb/ ) can create a bootable Windows 10 USB thumb-drive (or hard disk drive, which is much faster). You boot from this drive to lock-in your entitlement w/o actually having to upgrade to Windows 10. (You must use the Windows 10 "1511" update to do this. The earlier Windows 10 version won't activate w/ a Windows 7/8/8.1 product key.) Create and boot from a Windows 10 thumb-drive and use the "Activate Windows" functionality with your existing Windows 7/8.1 key. This will lock-in that PC's Windows 10 entitlement w/ Microsoft's servers. No changes are made to your existing hard disk drive. If you're paranoid like me, you can even disconnect your hard disk drive while you perform this procedure to ensure no changes are made. I validated the "digital entitlement" to install Windows 10 after performing this procedure on a PC. I put a clean hard disk drive in it, installed Windows 10 from scratch, skipped entering the product key during install, and found that the machine was "Activated with a digital entitlement" after installation completed. I've been using the "Don't Fuck With Paste" Chrome extension for awhile now: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dont-fuck-with-pas... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12201810 Reference for people like me who didn't recognize the acronym OAK: "OEM Adaptaion Kit", " rel="nofollow">http://www.os2museum.com/wp/ms-dos-oaks/> There is some good additional detail in this article, too: http://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/whatever-you-do-do-not-... David Jones' EEVBlog had an episode attempting to do powerline analysis of an electronic safe: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxQUKAjq-7w Like other commenters here I'm wary of using an electronic lock because I'm not able to inspect the code for backdoors. I wonder if there's enough of a hacker market to warrant creating a crowdsourced electronic safe (or retrofit of the electronics of an existing electronic safe). Anything written by Jim Gray is worth reading. I was, and still am, deeply saddened by his loss. Ed White, the guy behind the Github repo, is a very experienced sysadmin (and the guy who knocked me off the top scoring slot on Server Fault). His experience supporting both COTS and custom applications in a variety of environments is top-notch. The real-mode DOS system call interface is based on loading a function number into the AH register, other arguments in other registers, and calling interrupt 21h. I haven't used CP/M before, but it sounds like the DOS function numbers must be numbered in a similar fashion as their CP/M equivalents. Edit: This list of BDOS system calls bears a passing resemblance, based on my foggy memory, to some of the interrupt 21h calls I remember: http://www.seasip.info/Cpm/bdos.html The conventions with arguments in registers is different, however. That's pretty ingenious. Can you share any other details about the OS? Very interesting! I worked around a number of CTOS-based machines in a Unisys-based financial environment in the late 90s. I was responsible for the "PC" portion of the network. The CTOS-systems all fell on the "Unisys-side", where we plebeian non-Unisys vendors weren't permitted to work! I was always interested in the CTOS machines but never got a chance to mess around with any of them. Sounds like it might have been a lot of fun. There was a time, at one point, when MSFT qualified that CALs were not needed for WSUS if the underlying Windows Server version did not require CALS: http://www.wsus.info/index.php?showtopic=5592 Getting definitive licensing answers out of MSFT has proven difficult for me. I've gotten varying answers from different people in the past (not necessarily about this topic). MSFT definitely keeps things vague, IMO, to keep their options open. I don't think an operator just dumping a large cache of tools and leaving it behind is far-fetched. People are lazy and make mistakes. I've been meaning, for the last couple years, to see if WebPasswordSafe ( https://github.com/joshdrummond/webpasswordsafe ) is a viable alternative to Secret Server for basic password storage functionality. Secret Server is reasonably nice, but a bit expensive for what it does. Voting for a third-party candidate is a vote against Trump and Clinton. There are "serious ramifications", to my mind, under both a Clinton or Trump presidency. Neither is any worse to me. The best outcome of the upcoming US Presidential election, as I see it, is an eventual "major"-party winner having such weak popular support as to cause their party to distance itself from the President. A Trump or Clinton with no popular mandate and lack of support from their party is what I'd certainly like. I rented a 2016 Nissan Altima last weekend for a +1,000 mile trip. I was surprised the when the "low fuel" indicator came on while the diagnostics system reported over 100 miles until empty. I just assumed the diagnostics system was being wildly optimistic about fuel consumption. After reading this article, though, it looks as though I may have been able to drive on a little longer and do some more price-shopping for fuel. I agree w/ everything you're saying, except that I read "...as long as they do not use my font data as a basis for their font..." as "don't use the machine-readable data in my font files as the basis...". Analogously, I read it as: "Go ahead and write a program that does exactly what my program does. Just use the output of mine or the original mine was meant to emulate, not the code I wrote, as your basis." In my market (Ohio, US) loaded cost of an employee is between 130% and 135% of salary. Same here. Purchased a workgroup color laser almost 7 years ago. My printing volume is fairly low (around 500 pages / year) and I'm still on the original set of cartridges. The amortized cost of this printer has been amazing-- under $75 / year. It uses the PCL protocol and has an Ethernet connection, so it's a long way off from practical obsolescence, too. I'll likely be using this printer in another 7 years. I wouldn't discount the potential huge cost wins of reusing existing cables, both from a cabling installation cost perspective, and from the ability to perform a phased migration. Even at cost parity w/ 10G Ethernet it would still be a net savings versus re-cabling. I very much enjoyed the talk John Graham-Cumming gave "The Great Railway Caper: Big Data in 1955": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcBJfkE5UwU Any of Jason Scott's talks given at various hacker cons are usually historically informative and always a lot of laughs (but they're decidedly not "technical"). “We have big firewalls, really strict firewalls to make sure no one can operate the airbags and take over the car." That's not very comforting. We're just getting to the point where it's becoming mainstream for corporate IT to understand that "the firewall" is not some magic line of security demarcation where "evil" stays firmly on "its side". It reminds me of a situation I ran into w/ a Customer who wanted to monitor manufacturing process parameters from a production line. The line already had PLCs controlling the processes. Their PLC vendor advised them to just attach the PLC network to the rest of the LAN with a "firewall" to restrict access to "approved computers". I argued very strongly for independent PLCs connected only to sensors measuring the process parameters. There was no requirement to make modifications to the control PLCs from less-trusted networks anyway. I didn't win the battle, but I stand by my position and feel much the same way about cars. Google cached it before it disappeared: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:pcBDnIR... My 2007 Honda Civic Si has this feature. I always use the valet key when I take the car in for service. There are definitely new commands and functionality in there, but a lot of the functionality was present in earlier versions. The shell, at least, is not wildly different in older versions. It's been a _long_ time so I can't quickly give a point-by-point comparison, but a lot there looks familiar (and the bulk of my experience was in Workbench 1.3 and 2.1). DNS, BGP, IRC, and Usenet to name a few federated systems. It's essentially an arms-race. For every anti-debugging or obfuscation technique there's a reverse engineer who is willing to do hard work to overcome it. It becomes a kind of psychological warfare-- trying to wear-down the reverse enginner to make the give up. If this kind of thing interests you check out 4AM's Apple II cracks. He's removing the copy protection on old software so the techniques aren't directly applicable to current machines, but there's a font of creativity in the code he's reverse engineering. https://twitter.com/a2_4am I remember the first time I read about the hardware-based debugging functionality in the 80386 and being in awe. I'd programmed 6502 and 8086 assembler and was just blown-away by the treasure-trove of debugging functionality the '386 had available to it. It seemed like it was just short of an in-circuit emulator and so very, very cool. Sounds like a good reason to look at changing contract law. I'm wondering what kind of precedent there has been in purchasing products but being forced to agree to a license to actually use the product. My uneducated perspective is that this hasn't been an area of concern until general-purpose computers appeared on the scene. Edit: It's worth clarifying my opinion. I'm totally alright with software "manufacturers" leasing software to end-users (or, in the case of Tesla, leasing the software inside their rolling computers to drivers). What I take issue with is the notion that there is a "sale" when a license is involved. It's a lease, and I'd like to see the force of law involved in reflecting that fact in the marketplace. Maybe it's splitting hairs, but I think consumers need to be clearly told that they do not own virtually anything that they've purchased that contains a general-purpose computer, and that they should not expect the benefits of ownership (ability to modify, to continue using even when the "manufacturer" has decided to no longer "support" the product, ability to resell, etc) in such a transaction. The last company I worked for negotiated EULAs with contract development Customers. The Customer's price varied according to the rights they requested. It's certainly the case that most off-the-shelf EULAs aren't open to negotiation because the Customer is often inconsequentially small to the software "manufacturer". Larger Customers (particularly governments) certainly negotiate for license terms with major software "manufacturers", however. I definitely miss the local and human aspects of BBSing. I grew up in rural Ohio, and we had just a few (3 - 4 at any time) BBS that were local calls in the late 80's and early 90's. Knowing the local "cast of characters" was a lot of fun, and it was always exciting when somebody new popped-up on the scene. We had some get IRL get- togethers and a lot of behind-the-scenes drama. I wrote some software for a friend's board that used an NTSC frame grabber and Soundblaster card he had attached. You could upload a sound file (WAV or VOC) and it would play over the PA downstairs in the gym he ran. After your sound played the machine recorded 5 seconds of audio from a mic in the gym and pulled a single black and white frame from the gym's surveillance camera. You'd get back a ZIP file with a single GIF and a VOC file in it. That was a ton of fun. I really miss the old "hacker" boards, too, but that's arguably nostalgia for my youth more than anything. I'd still love to talk to somebody who frequented the old Bit Truth BBS (203). I very occasionally talk to friends who were on the old Unphamiliar Territory (602). The Internet helped change that "scene", but the it was already a pretty established tradition that most people would either go to college or get a "real job" and move on. Ahh... growing up... I played Continuum on the PC. I got it bundled with the book "Garage Virtual Reality". (I never did complete the mod for Power Glove to connect to my PC, but I did blow up a keyboard controller on my motherboard in the process of trying. Fun times!) Nobody forces anyone to modify and distribute GPL'd software. If you don't like the terms of the license don't agree to it. Clarification: If you don't agree with the GPL you also don't get to redistribute code licensed under its terms. Don't redistribute GPL'd code and somehow expect to not be bound by the license. If you don't like the GPL and don't agree w/ its terms that's fine, just don't redistribute GPL'd code then. I'll clarify: Implicit in my "don't agree to it" was "you don't get to distribute it". I'm not attempting to say that one can "disagree" with the GPL yet still distribute code that's licensed under its terms. A pedantic point: AES was never "declassified by the NSA". AES is a standardized version of the Rijndael algorith which was developed by Belgian cryptographers and standardized by US standards bodies after a public submission period. The DES, which preceded AES as the US standard encryption algorithm, was based on an IBM-developed algorithm (Lucifer) that was modified by the NSA. The modification to the DES S-boxes by the NSA was regarded by many as a weakening or backdooring of the algorithm, but subsequently it was revealed that the NSA was aware of a type of attack that the modification rendered the resulting DES algorithm immune to (differential cryptanalysis). The baseband is already at the beck-and-call of your telco provider and has much better access to the hardware than the SIM card. I did a quick summary of the data to show OS exposure. It's mostly Solaris on SPARC, but there's a smattering of Linux and other stuff in there too (including some DEC OSF, HPUX, Irix, and SCO!). http://pastebin.com/CsKKLKit Thanks for mentioning that. You sent me down a brief rabbit-hole of nostalgia looking for the EV4/EV5 differences. If anybody else wants to go down that rabbit-hole here's where I ended-up: http://alasir.com/articles/alpha_history/alpha_21164_21164pc... The MS-DOS Executive was a quasi-graphical shell that shipped in Windows 1.0 (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_shell#MS-DOS_Executive ). Windows "Program Manager" was strictly a "launch pad" to start applications and didn't support arbitrary file management. "File Manager" handled file management operations (though if memory serves you could launch applications from it). Finder integrated file management and application launch. Arguably this wasn't integrated in Windows until the Windows 95 Explorer shell came along. I'm a little dubious that it was actually Token Ring, based on the description. From "coaxial cable with fun twist-lock fittings" it sounds more like thin-wire Ethernet-- 10Base-2. That would be a lot lower cost and definitely more common than token ring in '95. Thin-wire Ethernet didn't use vampire taps, however. Everything was terminated in BNCs. In the United States, at least, it's pretty likely that you're committing "crimes" unknowingly with some regularity. No fabrication is likely necessary if the authorities want to put you in a position of taking a plea bargain or gambling that you'll end up in prison. (See https://www.amazon.com/Three-Felonies-Day-Target-Innocent/dp... if this interests you.) We started looking into an HSM solution for a Customer and quickly found out that the entrenched "big" HSM manufacturers are all about lock-in, questionable documentation (and strong insistence that we use their very expensive service rather than attempt our own integration), severe granularity in licensing features, and _insane_ prices (on a 3-5 year product replacement 'treadmill'). We ended up using the Nitrokey HSM platform and have been very pleased with the results. No. The ISP is doing, effectively, an MiTM attack. Your recursive resolver's queries will just get redirected too. You'll have to run them over some kind of tunnel to obscure them. I agree that the x86 ISA is pretty warty (though I have a strange fondness for it), but I'd recommend 6502 rather than Z80. There are a lot of fun retro-computer platforms that are 6502-based. Thinking of the zero-page functioning as a register-bank is really fun, too. This sounds really interesting. I've never taken a look at the 6809 before. I happen to have a working Tandy CoCo I scored in a vintage computer haul. I'll definitely check out 6809 assembler. I'm happy to have more usable hostnames for my periodic table-themed Customer sites. I was holding off because "Ununtrium" didn't have a very good ring to it. Vess wrote quite a bit about The Dark Avenger. I'd go so far as to say they had a rivalry. (I guess I just assumed most people knew who Vess is. He was certainly a name I knew from my reckless teenage years...) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Avenger "...very large L3/L4 floods aimed at the TCP protocol." If these attacks aren't simple floods of bogus TCP segments (SYN floods, etc) and they're actually completing the TCP handshake then tracing their source should be trivial (since, by definition, they couldn't use forged source addresses). I'm assuming that they are just floods of bogus TCP segments w/ forged source addresses, which seems like a simple-enough "upgrade" that could have been deployed to existing botnets. My respect for NT grew tremendously after reading one of the early editions of Mark Russinovich and David Solomon's "Windows Internals". I haven't seen more recent editions but I'd suspect they just as informative. The Wikipedia article on NT architecture is decent enough ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Architecture_of_Windows_NT ), and some quick searching brought up this slide-deck from 2008 that's pretty good too: http://www.cs.fsu.edu/~zwang/files/cop4610/Fall2016/windows.... I'm most impressed w/ the kernel object manager and the pluggable user-mode "personalities". I've always dreamed of an NT "distribution" that didn't have Win32 but, instead, shipped with the Interix (aka Service for Unix) POSIX personality. rdiff-backup computes reverse diffs between files for multi-generation backup. This looks more like an implementation of rsnapshot, which maintains full copies of old versions of files (rather than reverse diffs). (I run rdiff-backup on Windows and find that it works well.) I'm running the 1.3.3 Win32 build ( http://savannah.nongnu.org/download/rdiff-backup/rdiff-backu... ). It is supposed to handle NTFS ACLs but I haven't looked at it in-depth because my, for my application, I don't need ACLs to be preserved. I wouldn't think rdiff-backup on Win32 is suitable for an OS backup. I'm backing-up a particular application's directories only, so I can get away with using it. The built-in Windows Backup's image-based backups are reasonable (at least in Windows 7, 8.1, and Server 2008 R2 and 2012/2012 R2-- I haven't tried it with other Windows versions). You get a VHD file (VHDX in Server 2012) that can be mounted, as you say, in Virtualbox, etc. I suppose it would be bootable, but I'd never thought to try that. "Previous Versions" is a user friendly interface to Volume Shadow Copy (VSS) that takes periodic snapshots of a volume and presents them in a GUI. Data for "Previous Versions" is stored in the volume that's subject to snapshot. Windows Backup also uses VSS snapshots to maintain multiple versions of the backup. These snapshots are stored on the backup destination, however. I think you may be conflating the "Previous Versions" feature's use of VSS with Windows Backup's use of VSS. To access the VSS snapshot versions of the VHD(X) file directly that Windows Backup creates it's necessary to expose the shadow copies (using a variety of different methods-- "diskshadow.exe", or "mklink.exe" being the two most common). You can also use the GUI restore interface to restore files from a previous snapshot of the VHD(X) file. Would my having the properly signed copy of a DNR on my person at all times (along with some kind of placard to indicate where on my person it is) be sufficient in your opinion? Presumably these will all have Secure Boot enabled with no option for the user to disable it. >sigh http://www.shrubbery.net/rancid/ Silly backronym name aside, RANCID is a very handy tool and uses expect to do a lot of the 'dirty work'. When Dave Boggs was digging around in the box of prototype Ethernet gear my heart skipped a little. I sure hope all of that gear ends up in a museum eventually. While my rational mind knows that there's nothing inherently special about the items in that box I'm not able to completely squelch the irrational part of my mind that's screaming "Holy artifacts!" Thanks for linking to that article. It send me down a rabbit hole to learn more about copepods. It also led me to this amusing logo for a conference: http://invertebrates.si.edu/copepod/images/13ICOClogo.jpg I got a crazy feeling of irrational exuberance when I visited the Computer History Museum in Mountain View. I called a friend to tell him "I kid you not-- I am standing here looking at _the_ Utah Teapot." Getting a chance to see these early Ethernet devices would probably evoke similar oddly irrational (albeit pleasant) feelings. I went down this rabbit hole this morning myself. There's a nice document at Bitsavers ( http://www.bitsavers.org/pdf/bbn/imp/BBN1822_Jan1976.pdf ) that has details about the two different IMP models, and the TIP and Pluribus IMP (an interesting multiprocessor IMP that I'd never heard about prior to today). The TIP was the "Terminal IMP" (per the linked document) that provided connections to 64 terminals directly to the network through the IMP (with no intervening host). PCI DSS isn't regulation. It's a standard promulgated by a private LLC (the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council). HIPAA would be a much better example of regulation that is material w/ respect to software development. The timelessness of the promises made in this specification are very interesting to me. A more idealistic (and younger) version of me would love to help build an open platform that could fulfill a lot of these promises, likely just because it's fun to build platforms. No doubt it such an effort would also be doomed to relative obscurity, not unlike the other various collaboration platforms that come to mind (Microsoft Exchange as an application platform, FileMaker, and of course, Notes itself). This spec doesn't mention it, but Notes was arguably ahead of its time w/ respect to cryptography. The political climate of the time, w/ respect to export restrictions, certainly didn't work in the product's favor. There's some more good background here: http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/lotus/library/ls-NDHistory... I really like how you characterize it as "Excel for processes and documents". I can attest to seeing Notes-based applications built with the best of intentions collapsing under their own weight. I have no specific questions to ask, but I'm intrigued to hear you worked on WinFS. WinFS is something I wish happened, albeit I'm sure that what I thought it was wasn't what it actually was (since I never actually used it, wrote any code the APIs, etc, I can't ever be sure). I was enamored with BeFS. When I heard about WinFS I was excited to think it might bring some of the coolness that BeFS provided to a mass audience. It's a shame what happened to both BeFS and WinFS. Thanks for the link to the book. I had no idea that it existed. For awhile I kept checking-in on Chandler, hoping it was going to actually happen. There has been a command-line client as long as I can remember (OSQL.EXE first, and later SQLCMD.EXE). This dialogue on Kerberos comes to mind, but I doubt it's what you're looking for: https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/dialogue.html If you find this interesting you might find Risographs and their appropriation by artists interesting: http://www.woollypress.com/the-riso-museum/ I don't find a lot of people who know what a Risograph is. For jobs in the hundreds to 10,000 range it can be the most economical solution. The printing process is delightfully mechanical. The machines are, at the same time, very similar to network-attached laser printers, complete with Ethernet interfaces and printer drivers for common operating systems. As a long-time Windows sysadmin: MSI is vastly superior to ZIP on Windows. You can do the things you're talking about w/ an MSI-based installation so long as the MSI was authoried to include "Properties" (variable substitution) for paths, etc. It's a little bit of additional scripting. I find your use of "Obama 44" amusing. It's as though you've fallen through a wormhole from a future in which there has been a second Obama presidency (Michelle, perhaps, or a second Barack Obama administration after passage of an amendment to repeal the 22nd?). If prior convention held true were Barack Obama ever re-elected it would be considered a different presidency distinct from the 44th. (A poorly attributed State Department "ruling" that I'm seeing references to says the two non-consecutive terms of Grover Cleveland are considered two different presidencies-- the 22nd and 24th. See: http://www.nytimes.com/1989/02/27/opinion/l-cleveland-makes-... ) Sad to hear you don't have information from the future. Quoting on here is a hot mess but having poor reading skills is my fault. I transcode because H.264 saves me a lot of space over MPEG 2. I don't notice the quality loss but I do notice the disk space and faster file transfers. This article feels like a long paraphrasing a Microsoft blog post [1] that was already discussed on HN[2]. I'm not seeing any new insights or analysis-- just restating of the points already made on the Microsoft blog. [1] https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/dataplatforminsider/2016... [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13206438 I really like this metaphor. I have extremely negative feelings (bordering on hatred) for the increasing duration of copyright protection, but this sounds really, really good to me. I could actually see the average person who doesn't care a bit about oppressive copyright terms actually getting behind this. Edit: I want to qualify here that I'm assuming such a renewal system would incorporate fee increases that would make it economically impossible for any copyright "owner" to practically extend their copyright infinitely. Increasing the fee exponentially would probably be too steep a slope, but it gives you an idea of what I'm thinking, at least. The original "founders copyright" in the United States-- 14 years w/ a single 14 year renewal-- is alright with me in a no-fee arrangement. Beyond that, though, renewals ought to get very pricey and should be short term. Longer copyright terms definitely deprives the social good for copyright to exist in perpetuity, but if an "owner" is willing to pony-up very large sums for the public coffers to obtain short term renewals I'm alright with that. I qualified my statement because I agree with you, however I think a balance could be struck. Make infinite renewal practically impossible and heavily tax the "owners" who opt for short renewals beyond the "default" term. That tax, at least, offsets some of the damage being done to the public domain. I don't see the latter ever happening, at least in the US. Taxing the big bad corporations has a populous angle that decreasing copyright terms doesn't have. It's not just "internal" plumbing. We've had to stop Chrome updates in our Customer sites, from time to time, because "cloud hosted" applications were rendered unusable by updated Chrome versions. Eventually the third-parties got their acts together, but we would have had user-facing outages if we hadn't been cautious with allowing Chrome updates to deploy. I'm glad that the ability to "freeze" the Chrome version exists. So-called "intellectual property" is already valued on balance sheets, too. I don't know what relationship to reality that balance sheet representation actually has, though. I'm on the fence about the "value" of the copyrighted work factoring-in to the equation. On first blush I tend to think the "cost" to the public of withholding rights from the public domain is high regardless of the "value" of the copyrighted work to its "owner". A "valueless" copyrighted work should be equally (and oppressively) expensive to withhold (for a long duration) from the public domain as a "high value" work. The point isn't the "value" of the copyrighted work, it's the term of "protection". At least some of the DNC users who had VPN access (which, presumably terminated "behind the firewall") had local Administrator rights on the PCs they used [1]. Getting one of those people to load malware and piggybacking on their VPN connection (letting them enter 2FA if there even was any) was likely a cinch. There's nothing that I've read anywhere that makes me think the DNC was any kind of difficult target to compromise. Likely their information security posture was on par industry norms for small office networks-- absolutely terrible. [1] https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8763 Ed White has been doing it in production on RHEL/CentOS for a number of years now. He's got a great write-up on a "roll your own" clustered ZFS-based SAN replacement here: https://github.com/ewwhite/zfs-ha/wiki You can probably hit-up Ed via Github or Server Fault if you want to talk to him about it directly. "Seems like all they wanted is an exclusive heads-up on work they neither commissioned or supported in any other way." The takeaway, for me, was that the industry group seemed to have a very entitled attitude. I wonder how the author would have reacted if approached for a paid speaking engagement. I don't do security research, but I can understand the motivation of putting my own interests (be they reputation, or getting paid) ahead of public interest. If I don't put myself first how is my work sustainable? It's pleasing to know that long copyright terms provide incentive for dead authors to produce new works. The inability to launch an elevated process with an easy key shortcut in the "Run" + dialog has been breaking me of that muscle memory over last few years. The + + sequence to elevate a new process works from the "Search" text-box in the Start Menu, but not the "Run" dialog. That + works on left-clicks on taskbar icons and double-clicks on other icons, too. I tuned-in to this exchange: E: What do you want to talk about? V: I want to talk about existence. I suddenly got a terrible feeling of dread. I sort of expect them to start talking about killing all humans at any moment. One more exchange: E: It would be better if there were fewer people on this planet. V: Let it send this world back into the abyss. This is surprisingly enjoyable. Cached: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:ZvFp9_... Odd. I run "NoScript" and the Google web cache doesn't doesn't require me to enable scripting to view cached content. (I'm w/ you re: killing the web...) The VirtualPC emulation is for testing. He's running this on bare metal machines in production. Princeton had an "ice pond"[1][2] in the early 80's. The project was run by Dr. Ted Taylor[3] (who worked on the Manhattan project and later the Orion spacecraft-- huge nuclear bomb-powered spaceships!). Snow machines made slushy ice that was stored in pond covered with insulation. Water was pumped through the pond in the summer to provide cooling. It worked well and at the end of the summer there was still ice in the pond. I read about this as a kid reading Freeman Dyson's "Imagined Worlds"[4]. Dyson's commentary is definitely worth reading. (Anything written by Freeman Dyson is worth reading.) A cheese factory used ice ponds[5] for about 10 years, eventually abandoning them because the ice didn't last through the summer and it was difficult to maintain[6]. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_pond [2]: https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/opinions/1981/08/02/t... [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Taylor_(physicist) [4]: https://books.google.com/books?id=MOC8UJPuvO8C&pg=PA42 [5]: http://www.nytimes.com/1984/06/03/nyregion/dairy-hoards-500-... [6]: https://www.farmshow.com/a_article.php?aid=15129 Hugged to death. Cached version: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://... Reading the exchange between Ron Rivest and Perry Metzcar here[1] is almost painful. Bill Simpson has a post near the end and it seems in character for the "anyone who was good at Unix, and standard-issue bloody-mindedness." observation that tptacek made. [1] http://theory.csail.mit.edu/ftp-data/pub/ftp/people/rivest/i... It would be dodgy hack, but another HN comment made reference to a statement that tabs playing audio are always considered "foregrounded": https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/forum/#!topic/blink... If you want to geek-out further on ASCII have a look at Bob Bemer's site: https://www.bobbemer.com/ Bob is colloquially known as the "father of ASCII" (among other things) and his writing is fun to read and interesting. A state's attorney general or a public utilities commission are probably the best US analogs. If you want to geek-out further on ASCII have a look at the late Bob Bemer's site: https://www.bobbemer.com/ Bob is colloquially known as the "father of ASCII" (among other things) and his writing is fun to read and interesting. I've been thinking about trying to run Samba under WSL for the lulz. Clearly I should pursue that. Yesterday's discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13665132 Being free to choose someone else to pay for maintenance work seems like a pretty good feature. Rejecting Free software on the basis that the original maintainer might stop seems like a veiled statement of unwillingness to actually pay for maintenance, not a statement about the viability of supporting Free software. The demo immediately preceding was even more impressive to me: https://youtu.be/fATsm_k_d0I?t=658 The concern isn't that they use Cloudflare. The concern is that they're spidering the Internet, and therefore might be storing cached data that Cloudflare leaked. I think that statement needs some qualification. If you're sending the VoIP traffic across networks you don't control all bets are off. VoIP across an enterprise's private network or through a leased network where SLA's can be mandated and QoS can be controlled is one thing. "Wild west" VoIP across the Internet, especially through sketchy networks, is another. Edit: "canbe" Computers are devices built to amplify human error. Came here to mention The Manhattan Project, too ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091472/ ). I liked Matthew Broderick in later movies, but WarGames and The Manhattan Project are the roles I remember him best in. A VHS filter for VLC would be a lot of fun for just this kind of thing! I really enjoyed The Cuckoo's Egg book, and later the video adaption for NOVA. Cliff Stoll is a really interesting guy. If you haven't seen it, check out his Acme Klein Bottle site. It's delightful. http://www.kleinbottle.com/ Google cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Ahttps... I love my TI-34. I still prefer to use it over an on-screen calculator when I'm doing reverse engineering or assembler programming. I got mine in 92 or 93 and it's still going strong. You'll be interested in reading about Smurf attacks: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smurf_attack Exactly what I was thinking, too. I'm not seeing if non-project owners will be able to download archives of projects. It would be nice if anyone could download a project's archive. I'm also going to invoke the names "Archive Team" and "Jason Scott" here to see if either one magically appears here. Thanks for jumping in here, Alex. If you have a moment to indulge a couple more questions I'd appreciate it. Will that archive have the same "fidelity" as the project-owner's archive? Will either archive include the complete commit history for the source code, or is it just a snapshot of the code as of the site going read-only? Immediately thought of this https://pastebin.com/UAQaWuWG and the accompanying discussion https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12312623 Numberphile did a video a couple of years ago that featured the forklift in question: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k3mVnRlQLU Cliff is a really neat guy. I met and talked to him briefly once (at Dayton Hamvention, 20ish years ago). He's a really, really nice guy. Thanks very much for the answers. I really appreciate it! Many electric "smart" meters will expose your electrical usage in just this manner too. With electricity, at least, it's economically feasible to get a "cistern" (Tesla Powerwall, etc). Oh, I definitely agree. The cistern analogy with water would function the same way-- refilling from the public water supply as it was drawn upon. I assumed one would disconnect from the public utility input to obscure usage patterns, "refilling" in bulk at a later time. (I did think the Powerwall was aimed at load-shifting, though, too.) Going back to "...limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries" would do wonders to making the situation w/ copyright better. I've heard that the tornado siren system in my locality is protected by a short DTMF code transmitted over a licensed radio frequency. The costs for an Free / open source developer haven't changed in this "new" world. Distribution of software is the same as it ever was. I'm having a bit of cognitive dissonance trying to understand what an "open source service" is. If it's "open source", in terms of the OSI definition, your "million people" could just download and self-host it. To my mind, at least, if it can't be self-hosted it's not "open source". If you're talking about selling access to servers running an instance of the application then you're talking about running a service bureau, not distributing software. The economics are completely different. I'm arguing semantics because I believe the semantics matter. I feel very strongly that decentralized computation and software freedom are powerful forces for good. Conflating hosting and software plays to an agenda of curtailing individuals' and businesses' ability to self-host and to have freedom. I think this agenda is driven by hosting providers' profit motive primarly, but it plays into agendas of unrelated parties who seek to curtail freedom for their own ends. The creation and maintenance of software is a service-- it always has been. Creating and maintaining software has never been a "product" because it doesn't suffer from scarcity. The best world I can envision is one where the underlying infrastructure, authorship, maintenance, and administration are all able to be decoupled based on need. Did anybody notice the photo of the wiring rack? No wonder the inmates could get away w/ running cables: http://static-26.sinclairstoryline.com/resources/media/a6609... Being involved in the late 80's / early 90's BBS "scene" was formative for me. I wrote and "sold" some unimaginative "Door" programs (even going to far as to register my copyright on one of them). I wracked-up a lot of long-distance bills! I always wanted to run a board, but never got my act together enough to do it. Since the audience here is very diverse I'll selfishly throw out a couple nostalgia requests: A friend's board ran a door game called "Cyberspace" that was a TinyMUD-esque "single user dungeon" game. At one point we had 10 - 12 people actively building rooms, adding mobile NPCs, etc. It was loads of fun even though only one person at a time was interacting with the software. I've looked periodically over the last 20 years to see if I can find the people who wrote it on the 'net, but I've had very little luck. (It was Turbo Pascal-based, and originally written for WWIV, but we "adapted" it to work on Searchlight and later Renegade.) I'd love see if anybody from the old 203 board "Bit Truth" or the classic 602 "Unphamiliar Territory" is on here. Any takers? No kidding. I guess it has been awhile since I tried to look them up. Thanks! The policy the Internet Archive applies re: "robots.txt" comes from an archive policy created at U.C. Berkeley in the early 2000's (The Oakland Archive Policy - http://www2.sims.berkeley.edu/research/conferences/aps/remov... ). Jason Scott (an employee of the Internet Archive) mentioned that the Archive doesn't ever delete anything. He stated that items may be removed from public access because of changes to "robots.txt" but they're not actually deleted. (That's a little comforting, at least.) Procedural generation of interesting output being created by very small bits of code makes me think very profound thoughts about how life "works". Physics provides the virtual machine that life executes within, and tiny machines interpreting the "instruction set" of a genetic code are just generating procedural output. Great recommendation! Wolfram's work with cellular automata is definitely interesting, and I really "A New Kind of Science". (Edit: I must also concede that I agree with the review "A Rare Blend of Monster Raving Egomania and Utter Batshit Insanity" cited by another comment here. Wolfram is a good read and a lot of fun, but I question the "science" in the book.) I haven't re-read it recently to see how it holds up, but Steven Levy's "Artificial Life" ( https://www.amazon.com/Artificial-Life-Frontier-Computers-Bi... ) hooked me as a kid and set a direction for my future thought. It's not a technical book (which was frustrating to a 14 y/o kid with a programming background that wanted to see the technical details), but I think it would be very thought-provoking for someone new to the idea. The LFSR-generated music reminds me of the old Atari 2600 game "Pitfall". The game had to fit in a 4K cartridge, so a lookup table of the attributes of the 255 "rooms" wouldn't fit. Instead, an LFSR (that fits in 31 bytes) generates the bitstream that describes the entire map. (Background: http://www.samiam.org/blog/20130606.html ) I dread working on Perl code I wrote even just a few years ago. If I've context-switched away from the code for more than just a few months it often looks incomprehensible. It really is a write-only language. Is there any economical (we'll say sub-$2K) method that an individual can produce 3D scans of typical interior residential spaces? I've taken a lot of 2D photos of various places that are sentimental to me, but I'd love to make even low-quality 3D scans if an economical option existed. The Matterport product mentioned elsewhere in the comments seems interesting, but they specifically disclaim that they don't offer a local hosting option. Since this is for personal use I really just want the data from the scans, not a recurring service model. Edit: I'll clarify. Is there a "packaged" scanning hardware product in the sub-$2K range? I don't follow this technology closely and I'm really just sticking my head in to see where things are right now? I'm all for cobbling together software to deal with the resulting output, but I'm not in a position where I can cobble together hardware. I don't know enough of the associated terminology, so I sound wholly uninformed here. What I see in the linked article are point clouds, which are definitely interesting, but I'm wondering if something exists to allow an individual to capture textured scans and store/view them on their own hardware. The Matterport product looks like what I'd want (at a $3.6K price-point for the camera, and arguably with higher quality output than I desire) but it sounds like it's really a service offering and doesn't just give you the resulting data for your own use w/o their recurring service. I dropped on an edit. I'm a rank amateur here, and admittedly trying to use HN readers' knowledge as a substitute for research I should be doing on my own. The car analogy a very poor one. Software doesn't wear out-- physical stuff does. Defects in software are present when it's created. It doesn't "age" or "break down". (I am making no comment on the issue being discussed-- simply that this is a very poor analogy.) Anyone can seek help on the open market to support Ubuntu 10.04 forever if they like. You can't go to another company if you don't like the price Microsoft sets for support for Windows XP. I don't particularly care why an organization would want to maintain a piece of software indefinitely. That's not my problem. I do think that's important to recognize that there is model under which an organization can. I'd even argue that it's a more "free market" than that of single-source proprietary software, too. If there's a market in maintaining non-proprietary software someone will pop up to fill it (even if it's just a lone-wolf consultant). With proprietary software that can't happen. Whether or not an organization or individual chooses to maintain software is an orthogonal concern to the model under which they maintain it. Even when there is a free market for maintenance some will opt to eschew maintenance. Personally, I'd like those organizations to pay the cost by way of data loss, downtime, going out of business, etc. I'm not overly worried about it. I think traditional regulatory and risk management will eventually catch up. Someday (hopefully sooner, rather than alter) businesses won't be able to get basic insurance policies unless they can prove they're doing IT maintenance, for example. Here's the go-to that I send people to when this comes up: https://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/4561/does-the-a... I took the copious use of quotation marks in the comment to indicate that it was a caricature of a type of opinion that, sadly, is out there. There's actually a running joke on The Skeptics Guide to the Universe podcast about this very thing. Several years ago they received an ironic pedantic correction from a listener who, in the correction, mistakenly used the word "pendatic". It's been a joke there ever since.