Why do you have a hard time with that? Are we some sort of special snowflake? Was life formed all at the same time everywhere? For all we know alien civilisations have been around for a billion years already. I guess the difficulty with this is that we're faced with groups that are actively telling us what to do by ways of advertising. They ask more nicely, and are at times much less obvious, but it's still has a great influence. I'm not even in your country, and honestly, I don't want to live there. Where you see people shouting "freedom" the loudest, I see fear, distrust, and anger. I'm just pointing out that no one is as free as you think you are because you always have influences. But I appreciate your willingness for open thought and reflection. I can't wait to see the first team of 5 separate AI learn to insult each other. It'll be a watershed moment in history when the first vote to kick another AI occurs. Sorry, I don't believe in absolute freedom of speech. In fact I don't believe in anything absolute. But enjoy your black and white world. It appears to be a very angry place where one either lives in a fictional idealized America or North Korea. Me too. I'm just weary of it appealing via marketing to those without the skills to fully understand their choices or to understand that their are being advertised to, like children. That's what I keep telling my amputee friend too - just walk it off. That's what I'm wondering about this whole thing - by what metrics can we test MAGA? I'm beginning to feel like this is Obama 2.0 when it comes to a revolution - in 4 to 8 years we will look back and go "huh, pretty much business as normal". I'm not worried about a random scapegoat, but I do just see this fizzling, and the anger and division being there again in 4 years time. The hard part will be "and here's our alternative!" You think anything can astound the left after last night? Make robots pay taxes! I really don't think one can emphasize the health and life benefits of any sort of full-ish body strength training. I'm a huge proponent of full body movement based barbell training, but exactly like you said, pushups, pullups, that sort of thing makes every aspect of your life better. No one has ever regretted getting even a little bit stronger. I love rowing for conditioning. It's up there with prowler/sled for puke factor if that's what you're going for, and it's great for general cardio if you don't like uncontrollable body tremors. In my country / province (Canada / Alberta), IT workers are considered professionals and as such we are overtime exempt while we in no way qualify as "high earners" compared to a lot of the surrounding vocations - is that the same where you are, or are we just getting a raw deal up here? Yup... I'm in the wrong company. That's the philosophy I try to live by. I always assume that in 5-10 years I'll assume that current me will seem like an idiot. "Just run it off." http://scienceblogs.com/mixingmemory/2006/10/21/if-i-dont-re... Amnesiacs who ate a big lunch could eat another large lunch after they forgot the first one. Not perfect, but it helps indicate a leaning towards hunger, satiety, and the mind. I know for myself it really changed how I felt when I made the move to barbell training. Heavy compound lifts require a sort of zen-like focus that really clears my mind and re-centers me. I can't tell you the number of times I've walked out of the gym with my mood having done a complete 180 from when I walked in. > Good article but in essence, it only works for freelancers, especially the 20 something kind who programs or designs and interacts with his customer through skype. That's exactly my thoughts. I provide analysis & design work for government - even the fact that I'm an early riser is an issue, as leaving the office that 1-2 hours before the government mandated 4:30 end time causes them to be partially without the instant support and feedback they expect. Life, uh, finds a way. I guess the theory is you can't be too poor to gamble? That's my struggle with this - it feels like living in constant fear of something going awry and a bout of extreme anxiety every 6-12 months. I'll take my impostor syndrome and constant medium-high anxiety thank you very much. I need to figure out a way to bill for time I've spent thinking about the problem rather than the time my butt was in the seat. I made that mistake as well. Did what people were telling me to do and it got me nowhere. Got a useless university degree in something I liked because I thought having a degree would help, and was told by everyone that I was too "gifted" not to get one. Found out it just makes you super pretentious at retail jobs while you struggle to pay off the debt. I managed to pay that debt off, and 5 years ago I figured out what I should actually do, went back to school yet again, and again I've spent the last 3 years again paying off the exact average amount of student loan debt in a job that seems to pay about $100k less than what the valley pays. Just payed off the last of my student debt in one big lump sum on Sunday. I was super aggressive paying off my loans and I'm so very thankful they are done. Now in my mid 30's, used to living like a pauper but entirely debt free, and I can finally start putting my money towards things that matter. I really wish I'd gotten good advice about where I should probably head a decade and a half ago, when I still had savings and a larger support network. I would have only had to go through this once, though I know I'm one of the lucky ones in that I've been able to pay it off at all. I'm not against student debt in general, schools unfortunately cost money, I just wish the guidance counselors talked about the ROI of particular degrees and pushed the trades and technical colleges harder. My ability to talk about the socioeconomic results of the black plague doesn't enhance my employability. Thankfully I figured out that SQL, Python, and C# does on my own. Yeah, unfortunately I was a dutiful kid who trusted and listened to the advice to those who offered it. Made that first round of bad choices pretty devastating. Which is why I'm only finally crawling out of the flaming wreckage that was my initial career trajectory now. In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only ! And here I was wondering what my new anxiety for the day would be. They absolutely are. For example: http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150514-extraordinary-pollin... I'm trying to figure out whose idea IT professionals being salaried was. I just looked it up, as a Canadian living in Alberta I make the average yearly salary. I refuse to seem him speak. He's made some sort of otherworldly bargain, I just know it. Like Odin trading his eye for wisdom, Teller traded his voice for magic. Or maybe Penn traded Teller's voice for magic. I could see that. Does that mean that it fails at duck typing? That's my reasoning as well - while we don't do "our 40 and go home", it looks conspicuously similar, and we bill the client by our hours worked, and so any time I'm at work not putting in billable time is my own time I'm wasting. Working at a place that focuses on billable hours and the majority of work is time and materials, the answer speaks for itself. Given the other incredibly insightful posts from people who are going through this exact problem as we speak, and knowing that I'm in all likelyhood decades away from having to face such a problem, I feel incredibly silly saying this, but I totally agree with you - contemplating my own lack of existence is maddening to me. I want nothing more than to never cease being, to never stop learning and experiencing and seeing how the world and I change, and the knowledge that one day I'll stop fills me with intense dread and sadness. It's utterly egotistical, but I don't want there to ever be a time where I don't exist. Which is ridiculous, because I didn't exist for the huge of time, but now that I'm here, I really don't want to stop being. The idea that instead of moving on or experiencing something new I'll experience nothing, and I'll never come back from it, never get a chance to experience anything ever again, is horrifying. I can hold over a HP for a minute, and that's it, I need to go throw up. But it was a fun goal. I love #1, I just find that it never comes without #2. Problem solving is great, problem solving on deadline is much less relaxing. Probably a human bias for us. We can pick out differences in human faces easier, so we can tell the difference in the images. Looking at those pictures, I'd say that the monkey brain puts on 10 lbs. I take water and coffee breaks to try and think, but for some reason most of my inspirations occur at a urinal. Should make a nice nest to put your bottlecaps in. In Firefox Developer Edition everything happens faster than in regular Firefox, though they seem to end at the same result. I wonder why that is. Animation doesn't seem much faster. I think the "neither instance seems to actually make physical sense" is due to a lack of friction. As a Canadian, to get 2.5 GB of data from a larger cell phone company costs me over $100 / month (there are smaller companies that will reduce that, but still, it's little data for quite a bit of money). I'm very happy I can force things to download only over WiFi. I'm 6'6" and haven't flown in nearly two decades - I have no idea if I'm going to fit into a seat at the moment, and have no idea how to check. I'm facing my first work flight next month and a honeymoon in January, and don't know what to do to make sure I'll have enough room. I know there's seat length available online, but who knows if I'll measure correctly and end up wedged into a seat I can't possibly sit into. Funny about all this is that they are charging $200 to remove the immobilizer, and by immobilizing the vehicle it's clear it's not been removed... so why are they immobilizing his vehicle for the $200 charge for removal of a product that they didn't remove? My brain, it hurts. They are asserting that it's their property, but they want to charge to get it back, and will punish you if you don't pay. Man, I love car dealerships. I think it really depends on what you're using them for. I know I use both every day. I find myself using VSCode for more of my coding (taking advantage of intellisense and the built in debugger for my python work), while I find that Sublime has a much better "find in files" (as we use CVS for version control), and its general better for opening one-off files or lengthy debug logs with its amazing speed, and having enough respect to not leave little .vscode folders everywhere you tinker. If you entered gibberish into the site, it seems it would randomly tell you if you were compromised or not. https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/08/psa-no-matter-what-you-wri... International Gibberish Day - they still haven't even made an effort to identify those in Canada and the UK who were affected. It's a whole world of nonsense. Just like everything else in regards to this issue - who knows? It's a noisy mess, and the only thing we can be sure of is that it's going to be a never-ending nightmare for a lot of people through absolutely no fault of their own, requiring constant vigilance for the rest of their lives, and the system that built and continues to support this monster isn't going away any time soon. Sadly, being the commodity and not the customer, even though it directly affects our lives, and in spite of it being a private company, we can't do anything about it. And is the hope then that Equifax will go out of business? Are we under the assumption that either of the other two are better, or are they just the same, and they haven't had their day in the spotlight yet? Absolutely, they IQ test and the relative results are constantly changing according to the population's performance, but if you take a snapshot of the test by using the original test and scoring rubric, you can determine if your IQ changed from your 30's to your 60's in relation to the original distribution. I think this may be an example of the Dunning–Kruger effect - when they complexities aren't understood, it's easy to makes assumptions where you simplify to absurdity. I guess the fun here is if he's intellectually honest about his observations meeting his theory, or whether the cognitive dissonance will keep his beliefs on the rails he expects. Ideally he'll find himself being drawn back towards the evidence based solution. Also, I believe it's hard for smoking craters to rationalize about their observations. Is there statistics for this? I recently dropped 20% of my bodyweight, but didn't find that my behaviour changed at all. If anything as the routines set in it became easier. I would be interested in reading on this phenomena. I've heard this 10% before, but didn't find there to be much of a bump myself. The diet at no point was particularly difficult to stick to once I'd developed the initial discipline. I did find my strength performance to decrease after about 3 or 4 months, but I don't know if that's due to a particular hormonal shift, or being on a caloric deficit for an extended length of time, and a general decrease in mass making lifts harder. So if we took away 1% of that 1000x it's own weight it would be able to lift it? It can't. It will never be able to. Only thing I got out of my engineering dynamics class - ropes don't lift. Well, that and jokes about couple moments. A lift is not a hold. A human can hold a ton of weight against gravity, but that's not them lifting it. See the squat. You can put a huge amount of weight on your back compared to the amount you can actually move. If you put them on an escalator, they could probably even move a distance with it. But that isn't them lifting it that distance. "I guess he kind of bench pressed that steam roller... kind of." That sounds like a twisted sort of indentured servitude - "I gave you life, so you owe me". I think you might be better served getting yourself a dog. More than half of my work is time and materials work (as opposed to a fix bid project), and so it's directly billed to the client. My putting in hours is directly proportional to how much the company makes. I don't like it either, and I feel like I could contribute a lot more effectively on the fixed price items if I wasn't constantly scrounging up T&M work, maybe I'd even have time to think up decent solutions instead of justifying why I have to spend another 2 hours on issue #blah, but it's an example of why required hours exist. That'll make all the "fake news" links a very interesting affair. At the moment the American quality of life is objective worse. The American healthcare system of today is killing people or bankrupting them, but Sweden's quality may one day decline to American levels, so that's a strong enough argument to say it's the worse choice? I feel as though art can have a much greater payoff, and money can be produced in bulk, at a guaranteed value, but even $27k for a card, which you can make a small number before that market is saturated, probably has poor ROI. I think humans are a bad example - we use our own relatively highly developed intelligence to solve problems, and that means we had to feel safe enough from the environment long enough to develop that. But if we look at older organisms, like the tardigrade, there are some incredibly robust creatures out there. I'm getting married to my long term partner in a week, and that's the biggest things that's weighing on our minds. We both want to have children, but we live in a big city, just bought a house, and our economic situation is quite dreary. We'd like one of us to be able to stay home with the kid, but we just can't. Where I live a programmer isn't the best paid position, and both of our jobs are important to our financial success. It'll probably be a matter of getting back to the workforce as soon as possible, and that's really disheartening when you want to give the little one as much of a chance as you can. It's a huge burden on me that I won't get to see all the wonders that will follow after me. Knowing that one day I'll be forced to stop learning and experiencing in a very real and final way really affects me. I want to know if we ever make it off this rock in a real way. What is out there? I'll never know. I want to see how things turn out so badly. Doesn't stop me from wanting to go for a hike. Isn't that the point of projects like folding@home? And hive mind AI is literally skynet. I feel like it was absolutely a money issue. In my experience it's a matter of going "well, we'd like to redesign the screen for $x, but we could throw another link on there for a quarter of $x", and the user will always go with the cheaper option. You can't just say "No, we need to go with the more expensive option" because that makes the client unhappy, and we don't want that, and if you only go with the more expensive, the client will suggest the second themselves. And once the precedent is set with a second link, you're out of luck when you try to redesign for link #3. It's a no win. Well that's more reassuring. Recent project I worked on the dev cost ended up being about 10% of the total cost of the project. It's amazing how much effort it takes to move the institution any. "Should 'FOR REAL' be all in capitals? Bold? Or maybe a different font? I know! We can find a proprietary font that's 99.9% like Arial, but we'll need to throw in specific rules to who can use it and how..." Many animals actively work towards obesity every year before hibernation. They can absolutely gain weight on all natural foods. I think every labrador retriever on the planet would be 200 lbs if they had their way. Regardless of whatever metabolic damage may have been caused, the biggest loser is a bad approach to weight loss, as well as a bad case for trying to see if a weight loss approach works. It's like an addict taking a 3 month detox and then throwing them right back into a pile of needles. They are divorced from every trigger they have in their everyday lives and forced to exercise and restrict, and when they get out, there's the cash prize to try and keep their weight loss until the final episode. After that these people don't have any healthy, sustainable habits, just insane routines and rules. Given how warped their initial approach to food and diet was before the show, it's no wonder they revert to form given enough time. You didn't address their point that zoo animals have to sometimes be kept on diets to remain slim, in spite of their all natural diet. This article seems to think it's a whole gamut of things that keeps these animals thin. http://sciencenordic.com/can-wild-animals-become-overweight Appetite and satiation are far more complex than just "eat until your full and then stop", for instance amensiac patients have been observed to eat waaay more than they should have just because they did remember eating (Rozin et al. (1998)), even they should have by all rights been physically full. There's whole layers of cognitive, emotional, and behavioral patterns with excess food consumption. Personally, I have been able to effectively lose and keep off weight while still enjoying all manner of unnatural foods (Ice cream, McDonald's and candy, oh my). Even farm dogs do their best to get fat. Either way, that's an indictment of activity level then, and not of food quality. Having your metabolism drop should mean that the individual can adjust their eating / activity levels to compensate, but only if they are paying attention and NOT falling back into old habits. I'll bet they aren't. The article says that Sean Algaeir put back on all the weight he lost (~170 lbs). That's not yo-yo weight. That's return to normal behavior weight. "Mr. Cahill knew he could not maintain his finale weight of 191 pounds. He was so mentally and physically exhausted he barely moved for two weeks after his publicity tour ended. But he had started a new career giving motivational speeches as the biggest loser ever, and for the next four years, he managed to keep his weight below 255 pounds by exercising two to three hours a day. But two years ago, he went back to his job as a surveyor, and the pounds started coming back." Like the quote from Dina Mercado says - "The cravings are there.” I'll bet after a time they gave up and largely went back to your old habits. I did that too - I made sure to get my protein (via protein shakes), but after that just ate what I wanted. I developed the same habit too - I ended up restricting things like rice or pasta because I'd rather "spend" those calories on an ice cream cone. The pool. And yeah, we're vastly over simplifying. Imagine all the reflections and refractions that an urban center would introduce. The exception being Tom Bombadil, but he is a strange creature. Ok, that was awesome. I don't buy it at all (if Sauron was indeed a threat to Tom, or if Tom could be bound by the art of the Valar, I feel as though the ring would effect him as well), but it was a really fun read. A fun thought invoked by this, and given Tolkien's intent to create a creation myth for our Earth, is somewhere out there Tom still sits in his forest, waiting, for when the might of the Valar fades. Feels almost Lovecraftian. Do we see these same trends of ridiculous costs across other philanthropic and "liberal" (you seem to apply more meaning to the word than I) countries? Because as a Canadian I can say that I fear no bankruptcy via health issue, and trust that I will be taken care of if I am in medical need. That's true, it's not flawless, but you certainly aren't getting too much unnecessary medical care! That has scary implications now that Google exists. We have a project manager who asks "are you done, or done done?" The two are very different. I recently traveled to the states from Canada and was amazed at the number of places that didn't even have the infrastructure for chip & pin - I was at a popular tourist spot and it was all iPads & Square Readers. That's a super important clarification. I'm sure a lot of us loved algorithm optimizations and solving fun problems, but for the majority of us programming devolves down to "Modify a CRUD website template for the next 20-35 years". Yeah, that's something that a developer learns better as he gains experience, but as a younger dev I know that I craved complexity for complexities sake, and to prove that I COULD work with complexity. I've since grown out of that. It was the audio jack swipe readers. Apple Pay lets you spend that much money? I think with Google Pay + my bank the limit is $100 / transaction, after which you have to use your card + pin (which, let's be honest, makes sense. Do you partake in any sort of sports? As someone who is avidly into strength training, I can't imagine the damage that does to gaining and maintaining muscle mass, and sabotaging your ability to push hard and perform well in the gym. >It's actually interesting how many people I meet at the gym that from the outside appear very fit and healthy, only to find out they're actually pretty ill, from IBS and other gut issues, thyroid problems, etc. The gym is actually masking many diseases for people because physically they appear healthy. Any idea how that compares to the average population? I'll bet you'll find that the gym population is pretty much the same as the regular population, with the exception of possibly greater cardiovascular health. I just take exception to treating a 40 day fast as some sort of panacea, it seems like it's going to do more harm than good to a lot of people. There's no way the rest of your life won't suffer after a couple of weeks of starvation. You're right, being rich initially isn't a prerequisite of being rich later on, but it certinaly does help. If you were look at percentages of those who came from haves and have nots in a 400 person list, how would that turn out? You listed The trick is that you can't just ask questions as a way to enforce your own will, "Why aren't we using Vault again?", but to genuinely try and understand what's going on. "What's our configuration management strategy?" "What lead to us using X?" Absolutely. Ask questions, all the questions. Just be smart about it. There will be time later to discuss these things, and the company will have reasons. If the reasons are ones you can't live with, get out, but you're not in a position to affect real change at this point. But for me when a junior dev is asking questions, it tells me they are actually invested. Yeah, more of a "Keep pumping even if the brain upstairs talking to me" would probably the answer to that. I doubt it cares much for beer. I wonder if it's a less romantic statistic if you look at neurons in, say, the left butt cheek or something. That's how I know a date is going well, when she's looking up at me with a deliberately neutral expression. Things were more affordable 50 years ago when there was a single parent working, then the precedent shifted to two parents and the cost of living adjusted accordingly. I don't see any reason that that wouldn't happen again in this case - to keep up you'd need to steadily increase the number of workers until you're an ant colony. It absolutely is a natural evolution - the pineal gland in our brain, which regulates the sleep cycle via hormones, responds to blue light as a signal to wake up. We see blue light - it's a sign the sun is up and the sky is lit and it's time to go hunting. According to wikipedia, the moon full moon provides about 0.05–0.1 lux. The sun, even on an overcast sunrise provides 40 lux, and can provide up to 120,000 lux. Even assuming a logarithmic response (as in hearing), that's still a huge difference, so I doubt that it provides enough stimulation to get us to regulate the hormones poorly (though I'm sure the moon did affect our sleep regardless). Yeah, cause I want a subscription service / micro-payments for my cpu as well. That's assuming the poor thing doesn't choose to immediately self terminate. I guess it does work in that it makes society more efficient by doing it's best to get rid of the health sprawl - the sickly, poor, and old. This is clearly for specific areas of the world. In Canada "gas furnace" is really the only option, and solar panels aren't terribly feasible. That being said, I recently bought a home that checks a lot of those boxes (gas furnace, clawfoot tub, hardwood floor, central vac, mid-century) and it was on the market less than 24 hours with multiple offers, so clearly the items are valued. I just question the ability to add those percentages to it. The article says that guests can't attend because of the travel restrictions, so it's moving to accommodate those individuals. Are you saying that the conferences shouldn't be allowed to move because "almost the majority" of Americans made a decision? The tech industry, a very small group with specialized interests spread across a global theatre, and specifically, a particular set of conferences, an even smaller sample, is beholden to the almost will of the almost majority in one nation? Yeah, I didn't get that from their statement, seemed a "well, this is the will of the people, so put up with it" sort of thing. Hopefully they'll clarify, because, yeah, I could be totally off base, and I don't want to mindlessly add to the hostility for an unwarranted reason. Thank you for the clarification. In that case I absolutely agree. If the US and the "Will of the People" (which is largely decided through apathy it would seem) decide that they really don't want tech minds from around the world in their midst, I'm sure Canada will gladly take that on. You can, but it's not a lot of fun. I did it for years as a modified BBB element in 5/3/1. I have, at various times done 5x5 squat past 4 plates as well. Didn't last more then 3 weeks before I had to back off, I'm too old to recover from that, but I was working Texas Method at 415 lbs, which was just as hard as it sounds. To be fair, we could make the same complaint in regards to the web - it's largely all plain-text on a line, as opposed to some form of compiled bytecode (I know, it's coming). What we lose in using human speech for precision we make up in it being pretty much universal. Talk about an adaptable interface. You can phone the restaurant and do anything from reserving a table to ordering takeout to informing them that their cat is on fire. >The danger comes in that when you want to supplant the best practice with a new practice, you have to genuinely understand the problem in your context, and be able to articulate a full explanation about why the new practice has an advantage. We're experiencing that exact problem - we're introducing for the first time a company wide best practice, which isn't even defined yet and in a constant state of flux, but it's become a shield the strongest evangelists stand behind "why would you want to do that? It's not best practice?" - the "best practice" might not last the month, and it's not clear why that's the "best practice", but it's become a magic seal of approval. A lot of our work is done on a "Time and Materials" basis, so going home means that the company can't charge my rate to the client. Getting done early only helps my list of tasks and gives me more work to do. We deliver early and get on with the next project. There's little incentive to get done early. I will never cease to be amazed how relatively orderly that evacuation was. Only two people died in that evacuation and that was due to a car crash. I think it's great evidence that, when the going gets really tough, people band together and try to do the right thing. Carriers will still be able to track you via the cell towers you're connected to. I'm sure they can triangulate based upon signal strength, and that's strictly using your cellphone as a dumb phone. And somehow people trust those bribing companies more than the politicians? Some say "bulk morality", I say "immoral, unrelenting, greed". Not exactly a benevolent goal. The Architect was off in terms of the ACTUAL time it takes for the earth to rotate - 86,164,100 milliseconds. What a "stellar" mistake for numerical perfection. Did The Architect screw up the math? There was never a Matrix trilogy, there was one very good movie and that was it. But "milli" implies the metric system's version of a second, which is defined as per the decay of a caesium-133 atom. I doubt very much The Architect wanted us to mix our units of measure, unless The Architect was referring to that window of time where "milli" existed, but we hadn't yet changed the second to a uniform length of time (as opposed to one that would be affected by the variable rotation of the earth). If so, we are already past His golden age. Not only that, but as a Canadian for things like Cobra Kai I need to pay outright to view - that'd be months of subscription payments in one web series if I wanted to watch it. I don't think that it's a matter of worldwide standard of living. I wonder if developing nations have an easier time with a young person reaching a comparable standard of living with their parents, and the developed ones have a much larger discrepancy. In a developing nation success might be somewhere to live, and a job. Before someone from north america is "doing well" you need a partner, a 5 bedroom house, two cars, two jobs, and a university education. We can't meet our "needs" until much later in our life. That's exactly what I'm saying - the goalpost for what "doing well" is has moved, we now expect more of ourselves because of the visible relative affluence of our immediately previous generations. We don't see how the baby boomers started, but we see how they are ending, and that's set the goal for our own success. Could you define "got anything out of it" for me? And what is a universal item that literally everyone will use in their life? We could probably stop general education after grade 3 if that was the goal of education. Is there not value in a basic understanding of, say, history, geography, or political science? Those ideally teach new modes of thought, but at worse they give you a fact or two. Even if they retain 1% of what they learn, they now know that the world isn't as small as it seems, and the world isn't limited to their own experiences. Based upon that older neighbourhoods should lose value as they age and they lose relative space. I'd recommend Starting Strength as well for a novice - it's incredibly simple to start out. https://startingstrength.com/get-started/programs Starting strength and stronglifts are strongly interchangeable the biggest difference is the volume - starting strength is a 5x3 and stronglifts is 5x5 and stronglifts has a row while starting strength has a power clean. For learning starting strength the book is invaluable as the author describes each lift in exhausting detail, and that's important to understand when you're starting - every day in the gym I see people squatting who should have read some instructions. I'd argue that at the novice range the extra two sets of volume aren't required - you will literally adapt to anything at this point. That's why there are so many programs that people feel great on for the first three months before they stop making progress. I do, however, like the row instead of the power clean, as many gyms don't have a setup for a power clean, and it's a technically challenging movement. Many years ago when I first started I did starting strength with a row substituted for the power clean, and that took me a good 8 months before I stopped making progress, at which point I jumped over to a 5x5 intermediate program. You use the same equipment, but it all depends on how nicely you can put the clean down afterwards. If the gym doesn't have a platform and instead has iron weights and a concrete floor, you could be doing some damage to the equipment. The same could be argued with deadlifts, but they are much easier to gracefully put down. Belly fat would be a poor measurement of a lot of powerlifters fitness as well. The article seems to be mixing up "fitness" and "chance of death", which, while they are related, are probably not as directly correlated as they seem to be in the article. That changed drops my BMI two points, and as a tall person, really seems more in line with where I'm at weight wise. The goal for a normal weight is actually realistic and attainable. I've noticed that tall people only seem to be within the normal BMI range if they are the slender sort - if you look a more normally proportioned tall person you're automatically overweight, and very little extra weight put you in the obese category. I tried to skipping immediately to the sound (0:02) that said the words and found that I couldn't hear "brainstorm" no matter how hard I tried, it seems like the whole noise needs to be heard to effectively reset and let the user hear the other word. You can weight 108 kg (238 lbs) instead of 100 (220 lbs) for a BMI of 25 (top of the normal range). 18 lbs is quite a lot of difference, even at that weight. I stand at 198 cm's and hit 238 lbs last summer. At that point I had very little belly fat - 220 lbs would probably get me close to visible abs (the top few at least), which I don't think should be the top of the "normal" category. When you say the majority vs the minority, what do you mean? edit: To Clarify, which groups are you labeling as such? I speak as someone whose largely the sites demographic (20-35, liberal leaning male), so I'm looking at this from a place where I don't feel threatened or marginalized, so bear with me. What's to stop other groups from starting more focused subreddits? I understand what you're saying /r/Politics has a clearly left lean to it, but /r/Conservative seems to be relatively healthy (from my occasional peek in). Even something like The_Donald still survives, and I'd dare to say it's not the content, but its constant attempt at stunts and controversy that's causing the most ill will towards it. I know we've seen hate subreddit's deleted, but I feel that's largely understandable when the very goal of the subreddit is toxicity toward a particular group. I guess the fun with this is that the biggest items on Reddit are going to be the ones that have the biggest population interested in them, but I don't know if it's necessarily hard to create a sub group, it just won't make it to the front page. I'm subbed to a ton of subreddits that meet that criteria. Wouldn't removing the down button just end up with more trolling, and wouldn't the same stuff sink to the bottom anyways as it's passed over for the more upvoted material? That's entirely true. If you want to be in the more popular areas you gotta walk and talk a certain way. It's in the text at the bottom: "The economy of alleged US nemesis Russia is less than 9% as large as the US economy and hasn’t grown consistently in years." Same reason I don't trust cash at all and only trade in goods, services, and jaunty tunes. The value of a dollar could disappear at any moment! Absolutely. A generation or two ago you didn't have depression, you were just a mean drunk. It could also be indicative of poor self-control - if you know that buying the cereal means you'll eat it too quick, it's easier to avoid buying it than not eating it once you have it. I'm not saying that's the case here, but self control can cut both ways. Veggies are also perishable. - Rice and Beans don't go bad. You need to have a plan on what to do with said veggies when you get them and need to make sure you use them before they go bad. Rice and beans are as simple as two pots (one if you're lazy), a little bit of water, and 20 minutes of barely looking at the food. I remember trying to free up memory by throwing LOADHIGH in front of everything. With no internet we were all just making it up as we went along. It's almost as if someone planning an unlawful (however unjust the law) rebellion wouldn't be deterred by gun control laws. There'll also be a lot less energy consumed in the cooling process - A/C is probably grossly inefficient compared to moving water around. I'm sure it's a distribution rights issue - probably someone who didn't want to deal with Humble Bundle owns the book rights in those regions. As a non-American I see it all the time with media. I've got a i5-4670k and I was all set to upgrade my processor this year, but then I looked at the numbers and realized it would barely help what I use it for (coding and gaming). Made me very sad, as I just couldn't justify the upgrade. So now I've got it running a 4.5 GHz overclock to see if it'll give me a reason, and to make up the 10% performance in the meantime. Robin Hood LLC. > It's amazing to me that they think it's a good idea to have people prowling their stores to harass their customers. Every time I have to tell these people to leave me alone. I think the trick is to convince yourself you want to see one of them - I find with the regular staff the minute I break down and go "ok, I'll ask where to find it" is the minute the orange aprons all disappear, like a gang of fluorescent batmen. > Tech companies should sponsor universities or even create their own. I can see some of the major companies saying "hey, we have this university, which you can attend for FREE only if you work for us for 6 years." Sign up? Who do you think would the tech companies recruit for these positions? I think you just described a large scholarship with strings attached. I don't think a company would be willing to foot the bill unless they think the investment is really going to pay off for them. I'm sure the monitors won't help people with air sickness at all. Sigmund Freud was a 19th century doctor. The modern medical field is not comparable to the one 150 years ago when the treatment of most things was "go breathe near the ocean for a bit". The SPE was full of actually innocent people - you had to make a mental leap to imagine their guilt. People in jail are there because someone assumes they've done something wrong - it's (unfortunately) a mental leap to assume they are innocent, even though the law says that they are. I've found that's the best for any sort of physical task - for running it was "ok, I'll run to that light post" - a run could be an hour and a half of light posts. And for strength training it's always a lie on the bad days. "I'm not feeling great so I'll only do three sets today." - I always end up doing my prescribed five, but the size of the lies change as I need it to. For relaxation absolutely - for polio, not as great. It good to see a focus on weightlifting, and I'm glad to see that research like this is proving the same sort of benefit. It seems as though it's kind of faux pas to focus on strength when other options like cardio are available. The standard for physical excellence these days has become the marathon, triathlon, or iron man, where I think that a long term focus on strength training is it's own unique reward, and it's own unique challenge, taking years and years of hard work and focused dedication to achieve peak performance, as opposed to a marathon where (a quick google says) one can achieve with 20 weeks of training. Do we have quantitative research into other forms of physical activity? You're right, athletes still commit suicide, but marathon runners still drop dead of heart attacks too - does that mean the general consensus that running is good for your heart is a bad one? You're absolutely right, it's a bit of a false distinction, and there are years of benefits one can see in either discipline. I just find that with strength there are obvious aesthetic changes for years, it seems to offer its most visible rewards on a much longer timeline. Strongman is an incredibly impressive discipline. The energy one can expend in 30 seconds is just awesome. According to Wikipedia, it has evolved since Freud, so it may not be valid to say it hasn't moved past Freud. On the other hand, I'm sure homeopathy has changed in that time as well. I guess that depends on a bunch of factors - if it's a mild acute depression why wouldn't exercise be useful? Absolutely, long term chronic deep depression needs different therapy, but exercise may very well be a sort of chicken soup for a the blues. I know it's helped me immeasurably, and enabled me to cope with my anxiety disorder and its co-morbid depression to the point where I no longer require medication. It's an extraordinarily unique mental exercise to fight HARD for 30 seconds, to put the bar on your back and immediately start to panic from the weight pulling you down, and to push through that and squat down, feeling the whole time like you're going to get crushed, only to push back up, as hard as you can, and get to the top, and then realize you have to do it another 4 times. Undergoing that level of acute hardship on a regular basis gives one a different type of confidence, and changes how one sees the every day struggles one goes through. It's the exact same thing as people with bad backs. Bed rest may help the acute injury, but the best solution is to strengthen the problem area, not let it atrophy. > Societal standards - Like rituals and ceremonies - Aren't private, though, and should never be subject to secrecy. I guess the term "secret society" is an oxymoron. As I understand it while doing the initial research any time someone says they experienced something on a medication it has to be listed as a side-effect, which is why you end up with "Side Effects may include: naseau, diziness, heartburn, stubbed toes, and spontaneous pregnancy" Given any sort of decent sample size, someone is going to be experiencing depression while under pretty much any medication. "A proprietary program puts its developer or owner in a position of power over its users. This power is in itself an injustice." This seems to be slightly ideologically loaded. Absolutely, there's some shady stuff going on in a lot of places, and they do post some good examples, but I'm not sure that their argument for free software is supported by their evidence. I'm not sure what the alternative is - 100% free, non-monetized software? Is every piece of software to be developed gratis, and for every developer to rely on the generosity of strangers to make a living? > software as a service (aka: data ransom) Isn't it understood that that's what that potentially could be? I have my photos in the Google Cloud knowing that they'll stay there only as long as I can pay for the service. I trust they won't raise their prices like that, but I have no control over it, and if they do, yeah, that's something unethical going on. What is the alternative to SaaS though? SaaS is not only the software, it's also the cloud, and I have a real hard time arguing that charging someone to use the hardware is some sort of physical malware. There's actually money in exercise, and it has huge health benefits, but similarly dismal uptake rates. I wouldn't blame the illuminati just yet. Protein powder is just protein - it's a specialized food source. Are there bad supplements? Totally - but dodgy salad will give you salmonella. Bodybuilders actually use intermittent fasting - the unhealthy bits is the supplement abuse, but that's the sort of thing that happens with any extreme lifestyle. That's also a super limited view of the strength world. What's an "unhealthy exercise routine"? Literally anything is better than doing nothing. Is it optimal? No, but if it gets you moving it helps. Are you talking injury or things that actively make you less "healthy"? I could see an argument from injury, but I'd rather someone have a ruptured ACL now than heart disease later. I feel like we're about to enter "No True Scotsman" territory here. > some testcases of required behavior, and then refactor only code that is supported by tests The difficulty is making sure that you have all the requirements and aren't missing any, and once a system gets big enough, that gets really difficult. And once (or while) the student loan debt clears up you then get a mortgage and start a family - both of which now make you crave a stable paycheck while you get a hang of this house ownership thing and to take care of your loved ones. It's hard to take that gamble when you feel like the world is riding on your shoulders. Totally. If you already feel like you're in a space where everything is riding on you, it's not exactly appealing to expand that responsibility. If you felt freer, you may be willing to take on that burden initially. >naked if-else bodies For my own interest, do you have examples of the way other languages do it? I'm interested, and but I'm afraid to google that. That's the real kicker - be aware of what you're eatings calories. A Big Mac from McDonald's can be less calories than a 6" from Subway, depending on the choices you make as far as toppings. Just because it looks healthy doesn't mean it's a better choice for weight loss. It's a 50/50 change once 105, and given that the odds of 32 coin tosses all coming up heads is 1 in 4,294,967,296 does that mean there's a 137 year old person running around somewhere? But then you're having THEM dump the heat into your environment, doubly so if you have to burn dinosaurs to get there and are expelling a bunch of green house gases. Think of your neighbourhood! I'm only in my early 30's and I am already considering myself 35, at 969 you'd think you'd round up to an even thousand. I'll only believe that exact time if someone counts the rings. A communal eating area tries to follow the same logic - let's get everyone eating at the same place and collaborating that way. Instead it's the same group of extroverts talking loudly and the majority of the office scampers back to their desks to eat while they work. I feel like a once a month mixer would be social anxiety hell. It would be the one introvert per table making noise. What does staring across your paired desks at your tea-slurping coworker feel like? Do your relationships not suffer? My wife would be unhappy with me (and I would be as well) if I only came home to eat and sleep. > people usually get free time in exchange for overtime and not money Either of those are unique among a professional largely salaried. I'm surprised they didn't disassemble the fan proper- while it's not useful as a USB spy device, if we're going to go full paranoia, those lines could still be powering something in the fan chassis itself. I'm referring to the ones that provide power to the fan, not the data lines. That greater agility comes at a cost of stability. It's better for those with the means to not worry about the instability - those who are better able or willing to gamble upon an unsure thing, but it punishes those less risk adverse, or less capable of taking advantage of the system (the poor, those with dependents or debt). I've experienced the opposite - I'm a lefty with the mouse on the right, but with the exception of mouse use my hand has gotten no more dexterous - I still write like a toddler. We shouldn't write off the difficulty of the problem, just because it feels self-evident now. It's much easier to come up with a thought experiment once you have the answer. It's completely intuitive that "0" is a thing, I mean, you can just go "whats 2-2?" but it wasn't always the case. It's very hard to get into a frame of mind that includes only those items the contemporary discoverer would have known. Привет, добрый сэр тролль. They go on to mention that they'd have to put it on credit card, or ask friends, so while the article says savings account I don't think they are that literal. But you're right, it's a flaw in the language. Saving that $300 a year at a highly unlikely 10% interest ends up being $36k after 25 years. It's not solving any problems. To even save up that $500 minimum would take 2 years. We can't just blame it on a single straw-man. I don't know if we can say Zuckberg is boring compared to Buffet - it would seem to me an intraoffice messaging system is comparable to a paper route in terms of the required skills for either profession. In regards to the need for opportunity, I fully agree with that - I was trying to teach myself to code at an early age, but the computer I was trying to teach myself QBASIC with didn't have enough memory to load the help file, and I didn't have access to any other resources growing up in a rural community in the late 90's. Reverse engineering Gorillas and Nibbles was beyond me without outside assistance, so it was wasn't until my late twenties that I was able to rediscover the passion of my youth and turn it into a (still growing) career. What the evolutionary purpose of the senescence cells inhibiting other cells? I feel like it may be a "let's slow down until we heal" type thing, which would indicate there's other mechanisms at play that explains why they aren't being replaced as they should. I could be totally off the mark though. Also, I just looked up how they test grip strength on mice. It's equal parts funny and sad. Hmmm... perhaps the "self-eating" is consuming those weakened cells. They may be the first to get consumed when the body needs the nutrients it's deprived of. I really doubt that outcome - I feel like whoever is advocating this has never actually used SkipTheDishes. It's neither as good as a restaurant, nor as good as a home cooked meal. And we have cheap clothing because of outsourcing cheap labour and material overseas - that's one mighty fast drone. So it's their inability to be replaced that's the issue - some other mechanism is failing us. I suppose in the short term removing the cells "manually" would help. >> I’d give out a one-page handout I’d written titled, “Tips for Working Successfully in a Group.” We’d go over it, line by line. Some students found my tips beneath them. They rolled their eyes. But the most self-aware students embraced my advice Sounds like that arrogance didn't necessarily get fixed.... > Yes, autophagy is selective. Is it? How does it affect lean body mass and muscle mass? Is there any difficulty in working across the border like that? I work for a Canadian company due to having my roots here and find the thought of dealing with remote work in another country intimidating. Is it much hassle? >> and it could be employers who end up paying [their workers more] What a bizarre statement. Who else would pay them more? And why is that framed like a bad thing? Other than the remote work (which I imagine can be isolating and leave you feeling less effective), that sounds like the perfect set up. I've never found pants there were so uncomfortable I'd pay to get out of them. In fact, the dressier the pant, the more comfortable they seem to be. So the extra effort is all in dealing with your own taxes / benefits, and the rest is basically the same? I think the dividing line is deliberate communication - a dog barks because it "wants" to communicate. But then the counter-argument rejects the will, and comes down to "aren't all our actions because of basic chemistry?". I reject that assumption - not because there's a some sort of supernatural element, but just because a whole can be greater than the sum of its parts. There's a massive rift between "sun makes tree grow, preventing other trees from getting the light" and "I'm trying to sell my wares by expressing concepts of value, numbers, and desire". > "Satanist dancing" Wow, I've never been so embarrassed by someone dancing I've called the cops before. That's impressive. Reading the article it feels like this is a combination of the 80's satanic panic mixed with a dose of evangelical convulsions and a dose of the Harlem Shake. Are you arguing that's communication, or somehow driven by a tree's desires? There's a barrier to entry and a requirement in regards to education that are intrinsic in the stock market. You also need liquid cash you're willing to part with, and in large enough amounts to matter. And in between the stock market and the worker are a ton of predatory "advisers" who would rather suck someone dry with fees than ever see the worker profit. I'm finally at a point where I have enough liquid cash to finally start investing, and I'm finding the whole process very daunting. Trying to get enough information to make the "right" decision has filled me with analysis paralysis. The guy sitting in the local fatburger downing the 128 oz of full sugar soda hasn't even bothered to understand their basic nutritional requirements - drug interactions are going to be waaayyy beyond them. I even have friends who are accountants / actively participate and I get nothing but mixed messages. > Try it sometime for at least a month. I choose life. If instead of a circular orbit you just went for an arc with a really high apoapsis you could probably burn a little fuel to reduce the forward momentum to zero, and then proceed to slowly plummet back to earth... which then means you need a really big heat shield as that gravitational potential energy turns back into kinetic and you smack into the atmosphere at a ridiculous velocity. Scratch that, too much Kerbal. > The red supergiant star Antares will likely have exploded in a supernova. The explosion is expected to be easily visible in daylight. Wow, I'd love to be able to see that. Makes one sad about all the things they'll never get to experience. But who would keep the predatory loan economies afloat if they couldn't prey on people in their time of need? I constantly hear economists saying people are spending outside their means, but when the price of getting sick with a throat infection is beyond their means, or will set their savings back by months or even years, is it really the people who are at fault? I walked into a best buy for the first time in years, and I was surprised how much it had changed, how modern it looked, and how many staff were there. Unfortunately it was right after opening, so they all had energy to continually ask if I needed help, which was a bit obnoxious, though I'm sure super helpful if you actually needed help. Which is a ridiculous statement - I remember the number of 90's games that were utterly unplayable in that they'd crash constantly or do other ridiculous things (The remake of Temple Of Elemental Evil would actually delete your C: drive upon uninstall). I feel like things haven't gotten worse as far as the need for day 1 patches, they've just gotten more pragmatic on their deployment. Yeah, it's rare I drop out of a game due to an error now, but during DirectX 5 it would happen multiple times an hour. You must have been terribly disappointed with NetHack. I'd never assume you left them on purpose. Have you worked with Steam? What sort of turn around time do they require? I'm not arguing that 2005 was in any way the beginning of the internet, but it was definitely the beginning of another epoch - Facebook, World of Warcraft, and YouTube were all brand new, and we were just two years away from the smartphone. Did online games, social media, and video sites exist before then? Oh yeah, absolutely, but things were becoming supercharged and life eating. Absolutely. All of a sudden cities popped up that took up the cultural mindshare. You didn't search any more, you googled. > There's barely a state budget for prisons and voters don't want to pay for it But boy do they love watching people get locked up. What a bad approach for treating the ills of society. Let's lock people up at the drop of the hat, make it the most miserable thing possible, and then expect them to come out well adjusted and fully functional. People went to jail because they were neither of those things before hand. But I guess as long as the prison system gets to turn a couple of bucks it makes it all worth it, right? > it should contain at least 10 minutes of reading per grade level Dear god, by the time a kid is in grade 5 or 6 they've lost an hour a night to reading alone. In my experience homework was rarely of use - the in class practice was enough, and home time was for the fun you didn't have while in school. Reading that's strictly there because you have to isn't going to engender a love of reading, it's going to smother it. I also doubt that it'll be effective at teaching the skill of reading - it'll be works that ignored from those who don't care to do it. I read because I loved it and was exposed to it at a young age from home, not because school required me to read. Yup "we're sapping the joy of life from your kid, clearly their not learning isn't OUR problem". I wonder how many actually bridge that gap - if education is just something to keep a kid occupied, homework will be same, I'm sure. Despite all the horrifying implications (NASA suddenly being directly funded by big oil), I want this just to give the Flat Earth Society a chance to advertise. Does this read like an ad to anyone else? I can't help but notice their average BMI was 40. That's in the "extremely obese" category - pretty sure we're out of the "massively muscled" category (exception - monsters like Ronnie Coleman, but let's be honest here, his blood serum reading come back "minotaur" and the muscle is probably doing damage). I'd always assumed that for the majority of the population going from an obese BMI to a normal/overweight one largely does the trick. Pretty sure that article was an ad. I do know at least one person who has Type 2 Diabetes with a regular BMI, but even the article points out the average BMI was 40 - I really hope that's not the average population's BMI. I guess you could argue chicken & egg (diabetes causes obesity... maybe?), but in this case the egg is rather fat. I wonder if it was entirely human, or if it was the proto-dogs themselves that self selected - it would have had to been the the animals that were already predisposed to hanging with us that would have been domesticated - I doubt ancient human's would have gone out of their way to capture, pen up, and train them. While I wouldn't put it past Google, it does seem less like a "performance advantage" and more of a pettiness thing if it's deliberate - slowing down only the initial navigate probably wouldn't deter anyone from going to YouTube or from their browser of choice - I think those tech savvy enough to chose their browser are also the ones on Mozilla for a reason, and those on Edge are on Edge because they aren't tech savvy enough to choose. bencollier49 breaks it down pretty well above. I might just be matter of being "skinny fat" - someone is an average weight, but because they opt completely out of physical activity, they have basically no muscle mass, and the majority of their structure is composed of fat tissue. Yeah, that's the unfortunate bit if you're regular weight already, you make the usual lifestyle adjustments and hope for the best. It's much easier to solve the T2D problem when it's co-morbid with obesity than someone with bad luck. When were you diagnosed / have you adjusted your lifestyle since? I'm curious as to the circumstances and how your life has changed. Assuming this is true (which I doubt - HT was the main differentiation between the i5 and i7), this seems like the exact opposite approach you'd think they'd take with Ryzen breathing down their necks and boasting high core counts- AMD's i7 equivalents are all 8 core / 16 threads - Intel would want to return fire in some way. It did seem strange my thoughts were being narrated by Neil deGrasse Tyson while I typed. That was a fun series. I think we need to be careful assuming that having a 4 lbs poop is a good thing just because we used to do it. The Inuit's diet was nearly entirely from animal protein and fats, totally bereft of fiber. People can adapt to a lot of misery, and I wonder if the need to eat that much fiber was due to other concerns (for instance, not having access to higher energy concentrated food stuffs). Either way we can't say that just because someone once did it it's healthy, or a well adapted behaviour. > And it's not calories in, calories out. Based upon your last statement, I assume you're on keto for weight loss, if so how has weight loss been, how many calories are you eating now vs before, and how stringent was your measurement? So you combine keto with intermittent fasting? Is that deliberate, or do you sometimes forget to eat for days? Do you have udemy telling you Python is a powerful programming language before every YouTube video as well? Given the sorts of scales, would there be a hard limit to what we can see? Where we get to such a distance the dispersion of photons from the source would never allow us to see it? Or do we just have to build bigger and bigger photon collectors? Firstly, I'll caveat with this that I'm Canadian - I see different issues in my system than the for profit model. Regarding the cost - I guess that depends on the tests themselves - MRI's and CAT scans are costly machines, especially compared to 15 minutes of a doctors time. Also, how does that affect availability of that equipment for higher priority patients? There's also the question of ethics - how invasive of a procedure does one do as an extra test before it's an issue? My wife is a sonographer - ultrasounds aren't completely diagnostic, only indicative, and a lot of the time the patient will have to go to a more extreme diagnostic to confirm. Should we be skipping the ultrasound and going straight to the biopsy every time? No, but the initial investment does need to be recouped. The machines can cost into the millions. That's why teamwork is so important in every step of the development process, every step needs a review. If someone is such a rockstar they don't to have their items reviewed, all the review will do is show their rockstarness to someone else. Yup. Then it comes down to capacity - how many scans you can do a day vs. how many people need the diagnostic vs. how many people could use the diagnostic. Is the prototype chain an example of an object as well? An object doesn't need to be instantiated as any sort of class, it can be a function? Thanks, I'll take a look! I've been in industry a couple of years now, but my experience with JavaScript has largely been "hit it until it works and then don't touch it again" - there seems to be at least two ways to do anything with no way to tell if one is objectively better. To clarify I meant this example: var cons = function () { this.a = 1; this.b = 2; } var obj = new cons(); cons.prototype.b = 3; cons.prototype.c = 4; Was just confused as it seems to be applying class concepts to a function. I assume it's because now there's literally something for you to eat from the paleolithic? Yes it did. Thank you! I think the counter-argument for 1 would be that, as we are dreaming, we ARE explicitly putting things at the forefront of our mind to organize it. We just mercifully forget it when we wake up. I guess that raises the question of how that queue of stuff to think about forms, and where sits until runtime? "Bing, their competition, has 2% of the market. They have 90%." Who has the other 8%? Right now on Arstechnica there is an article about the ridiculous rate of death during labour in the US: https://arstechnica.com/science/2018/07/why-do-so-many-moms-... I feel like this is all somehow a strange result of personal responsibility mutated monstrously - society doesn't care about whether you live or die, but it'll do everything in it's power to make sure you're shamed for the slightest screw up. I feel like by now Google has enough dirt on anyone to personally ruin them. "Well, why did you look up 'Can you die from eating too much hair?' in 2012?" I was out with friends this weekend at a local event and one of them went "Why would you let your kid out of sight with all these pedophiles running around?" - there was zero evidence there were sex offenders around us - it was a family event, but just because of the sheer prevalence of news they had heard, it's warped their perception of the world enough to be fearful of the utterly irrational. I'm sure you can find some sort of rhyme that'll work just as well. I feel like that's bordering on anecdote. Or even during its birth. The water breaking is the beginning of the social darwinism water-slide. That's an excellent example of pushing agency back upon the patient. And I'm confused how "dying from complications directly caused by childbirth" would be reported differently in other countries. Maybe that's why Sweden has such a low murder rate, it's not "death by gunshot", it's "spontaneous exsanguination during a hospital stay". Yeah, I took a look and that's exactly it - the US records over a year and the rest of the world a lot lower, so that could pick some stuff up. But I don't think that explains the higher mortality - I imagine the longer one lives after childbirth, the better odds one has that they will continue to live longer, and it certainly doesn't explain why minorities have so much of a higher rate. I'm 34 and my parents suggested I get a degree just to get one. The problem is that the degree doesn't do anything for you if you aren't making the right moves while you're there, or know where you're going before you start. So now I have a diploma saying I spent 4 years studying history before I went back to school to train at a polytechnic to get a job. This seems to be hoarding by proxy. I understand the value of storing the information, but the paper medium itself doesn't typically hold value to me. Is there value in preserving an idiosyncratic style of bound book? Absolutely. Preserving a literal ton of regular old newspapers? Not so much. Let's digitize em and give the libraries room to further modernize so that they can stay relevant. Is that with other publications, or any availability at all? It would seem that others think that one off copies are acceptable. > A lot of my anxiety came from paying attention to the sound of engines. Was something odd happening? Keeping the sound of the engine drowned out helped keep my mind off the mechanics of the airplane. I went of my first flight recently, that was the bit that really stood out to me - a little before landing the engines sounded like they powered down to nothing. I had an (internal) freak out, while I watched everyone else continue on like nothing happened. After we landed safely I learned that same lesson - don't listen to the engine. Someone else is driving, and listening won't help. We went in with that approach - we got married earlier this year in a lovely little restaurant surrounded by 30 of our friends and family. The venue was happy to have us as long as we bought roughly as much food/booze as they would normally sell. We had the whole kit and kaboodle there, and because there was only 30 of us they could go all out on food - it was some of the best food I've ever eaten. We had a great, intimate night and walked out with no debt. Wouldn't change it for the world. Yeah, we said siblings, parents, and grandparents only. Went ruthless on it. We felt it important to mark the occasion - we'd been together nearly a decade, and we're not the sort to go places or do things (we took our first going away vacation with the honeymoon), so we felt it was important to us, but equally fair to just get er done and move on. Are there good apps that support "chat room" style activities? Google Messages falls over when you try to send out mass messages. I'd like to see a sms app that allows one to have mass messaging - it's the only reason I keep WhatsApp around - coordinating with a group of friends. It's not terribly surprising to see CCleaner decided to make last year's accidental malware part of the core product. Descartes ruined my perception of reality. He got me down to the bottom of that well, but couldn't get me out. But it does nothing. You load the link again and you are once again a member of the Pamstalt. And the other 28 rip offs on the appstore isn't going to help anything. Not OP, but yeah. Those who ate and valued food when it was available were the ones that lived. How would you approach trying to determine a good approach to healthy eating for most people then? Even breaking it down into 27 different groups requires an average of each particular group. Your [2] source isn't saying fasting, it's saying quick weight loss. Outside of that one gentlemen who's an outlier in nearly ever aspect you didn't post anything that talked about fasting. I absolutely believe that there should be physical elements to a child's development, and that the world holds a lot to experience, and I get that touching a cow is going to leave more of a lasting impact on a child than being forced to learn what an adjective is, I just don't know a better way to teach an adjective than rote memorization or a screen. > This also flies in the face of the fact that the current era is one of the safest in history. If this were solely limited to incarceration rates the United States would have the lowest crime rate in the world. I guess the discussion here would be what rights they have and don't have because of that societal imposition. Just because someone talked about potentially doing it doesn't mean it's true either. If it was three quarters of all 20 year old's would have quit school and worked on their band full time. 4.1% of death row inmates are wrongfully executed[1]. That's with literal years of due process and investigation and trial, not just a cop with reasonable suspicion. Can you imagine how many people must be wrongfully arrested and only released on bail? [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-cost-of-convicti... I really miss the TNG era - I miss watching principles characters who were driven by strong moral principles and the urge to explore, who were willing to discuss and change their opinion if they were wrong, who were ready to stand up for what they thought was right, and who didn't solve every problem via violence backed by Beastie Boy. "While in hell, offer to hold the pitchfork for a bit." Mental health is totally a (multidimensional) spectrum, and in mental health it switches from normal to a "problem" if it's affecting your life. There are a ton of medical conditions where we've drawn lines in where we think it goes from normal to a problem (blood pressure, blood glucose) and I don't think anyone is saying "oh, your blood glucose is just different than mine, you don't have it that bad". We even have the term "prediabetic" to indicate that they are getting to the bad end of the spectrum. I think it's incredibly useful to realize that all of us experience symptoms of anxiety and depression, intruding thoughts and compulsions, but those who with the problems are just those further along the line. It's not diminishing the issue, it's humanizing the sufferer. They aren't "crazy", they are suffering from something we all can relate to, but just in a manner that's unmanageable. Did you watch it at the time or in retrospect? That was largely the style of TV at the time, so I'm wondering if you experienced it while the expectations were still there, or if you were already in the world of Heroes and Lost when you watched it. Traditionally the DSM categorized OCD as an anxiety disorder - apparently now it's categorized in the larger envelope "neurotic, stress-related, and somatoform disorders", which anxiety falls under as well. There's certainly an anxiety element, as it causes a great deal of distress to fail to follow the behavior. That always happens. It's people clearing out "toxins" with "cleanses". > 6 - 15 watts / kg How do you measure this on a bicycle? I know you can do that on a stationary rower (I was exceedingly happy when I could hold > 1 hp for 30 seconds) - do you measure on gym stationary bikes? > Somehow, aviation can get people to pay for doing the job right, while software cannot. I believe it's because "software crash" and "plane crash" carry slightly different weights. In Canada you can't call yourself an engineer unless you're an actual engineer. While I don't know if it helps actual software quality, it can't hurt that there's been at least some rigor applied. When the title is totally users choice and interchangeable with software developer/programmer/code monkey/Mr. Pill the Wonderful Computer Magician, it doesn't mean anything. Though now I am wondering if there have been studies correlating work performance and title. My initial thought is there is no correlation, considering all the technical support analysts running around. I wonder what the orange juice test response to "No, I can't scrounge up enough staff to fill that order" is. Are logistical impediments acceptable, or should they just increase the price to something astronomical (top pay for onboarding and training new staff) to compensate? Very cool! Thanks. > They skipped over a lot of good farm land, and ended up in Northern Alberta for no discernible reason other than they knew how to deal with it. I'd had that phenomena explained to me in University as a result of the feudal states (serfdom was only officially abolished in 1861) that the Russian people left to come to North America - back home those trees would have been the lord's property, but here it could be theirs - so even though there was better arable land even in southern Alberta (assuming you could deal with the fact that the land in basically a desert), they traveled where there were "valuable" resources they wouldn't have had access to in the old country. This is sure to quickly fill with personal anecdotes, I can attest to experiencing this phenomena myself, but I wonder what we can do with this information? I think it's already in the "everybody knows" category, so how do we get those who need it the most to take advantage of it? The extreme presentation of these conditions typically impedes one from becoming physically active, thought I do look forward to the success that I'm sure will be the first soccer league for agoraphobics. > 100 lb bench presses C'mon, no shaming the 100 lbs bench press - I absolutely encourage someone whose benching 100 lbs to bench, because if they work hard pretty quickly it won't be 100 lbs any more. And you raise an excellent point - is exercising the thing boosting the mood, or is the exercising the result of a mood boost. Yeah, I know in this scenario there are ways around - though I'm pretty sure hiring random people on the street is how Project Mayhem succeeded. I was trying to use that as an example for the logistics - if you come to me and ask me "I want a AAA video game" I'm not going go to be able to do that for you as I don't have the resources available. For the exercise itself I find that it's not the exhaustion, but the mental effort it takes to really push hard sort of resets my mental processes - I train powerlifting, so those 30 seconds where I'm going "this bar is going to kill me if I don't keep going" really changes my mental affect once I get out from under the bar. > I’ve been able to keep my gym attendance regular by starting pretty slow and gradually building up to more intense workouts. People start way too intense, spending hours in the gym, and burn out all their enthusiasm in the first weeks or two before they realize that their efforts are unsustainable. Really, start with a plan on what do to, go in and do it. If it's a half hour that's perfectly fine. My sessions, depending on the day, last anywhere from half an hour to 3 based upon my mood and the workload for that particular session - but you gotta keep the mandatory work to a reasonable amount - everything else should be treated as icing on the fitness cake. I'm sure to go with the 11 kg there has been significant body composition changes to make it count for more as well. And sometimes that's feeling like an invincible lifting machine, other times it's the fear or getting pinned under a quarter ton of iron in front of a whole gym. Yes, I realize this now. Whoops. I wonder what sort of deal Samsung has - it's featured prominently on the Galaxy Apps main page. It's incredibly pain free to spend money on the google store. Just throw your fingerprint on there and who knows how much you've spent. There seems to be some thought that it could be under/over connectivity, based upon conditions and symptoms (one of a million theories). I don't know necessarily if more connections can be solved so easily - there's the question of how to keep them from growing back in the same pathological manner, and then also which ones to cut. "Well, this neuron either kills your fear of dogs, or your awareness of the number 5." Totally. I'm just saying google play is convenient. It's somehow effectively doubled the number of search results for any one topic, only half of which will work. But you're right, for a daily user you learn quickly to treat as another criteria to sift through to get relevant results. > One thing that's remarkable to me was how divorced I came from children as an adult. My wife and I are in our early 30's and we're struggling with the thought of children because of this - they're utterly alien to us. I feel on an intellectual level that I think I'd like to have children and like to be a father, but with the exception of one friend (who because they have kids we've largely lost contact with), we don't really have any peers that have children, so we don't ever interact with them, and it's all terribly abstract to us. Does this open the door for me billing my evening shower when the design finally clicks in my head? I feel like even this is being optimistic about the prospects of the book. The idea of The Book is appealing, until someone tries to actually write the stupid thing. Anyone who has ever tried to write any sort of unskilled user facing documentation realizes the cost and training it takes to produce a high quality manual, which naturally the company won't want to pay for, so now you have a half-assed barely legible "Book" that's full of confusion and madness which spirals closer to pure noise with every new "clarification" - pretty soon people aren't doing activities because it's procedure from the book, they are doing activities that are the equivalent of signal noise because no one knows what the book is even trying to say. "No, no, to get a raise first you have to fill out form 2123b, and THEN you sacrifice the goat." I believe the answer to that is "dealt with the thousand distractions an open office floor-plan encourages while answering intrusive emails". The shower would have been the first time all day I could think for 10 minutes uninterrupted. They must have a generous time allotment in which to bill. I feel like they'll take a little anti-freezer burn over suffocation. If only they had an inanimate carbon rod to block the hole! Apparently they have already used kapton tape on the hole. Well yeah - it's where I do all my thinking. > Just a few days ago people on HN were believing it was an asteroid. If anybody would have challenged that, they would not have been believed. Typically people do and should believe things based upon the strongest evidence. While you can't trust them to be totally right all the time, you can assume that, barring additional information and reasonable cause for doubt, that the most credible sources information is a good place to start. Do you have a source that's more credible than NASA in regards to events occurring in space with NASA astronauts? It's the anonymity of a large university classroom that makes it possible to feel like it's acceptable to stop attending - my best attended classes were those where the professor knew my name. I imagine there would be worse absenteeism in online courses. > "hypothyroidism is more prevalent today than at any other point in human history" Possibly because it was only discovered a century and a half ago and it's easily measured in the modern era? Plus, two hundred years ago it would have been "cold and tired all the time", which I kind of think was the default state for humanity. I wonder what happened that caused those changes. Like, lots of people lose that much weight (myself included) and experience no changes. I see lots of pseudoscience on this I'd be interested in seeing what changes, what the contributing factors were, and how long it changes (is it permanent? Just a slow bounce back from the weight loss?). That's a drastic shift, and I imagine being cold is probably the tip of the iceberg in how a person changes if their metabolism drops that much. Our office recently installed dimmers on all the lights and if you walk around, every single group has it set to the lowest it'll go. We also have our blinds down - they darken, but are semi transparent, so you can see outside, but it cuts the light by a ton. I think it's the view - we have blinds you can see out of but darken the space by a ton, and everyone keeps em down all the time. Which was everything from hypothyroidism to depression to coughing up blood. > In 2016, The Associated Press showed that candy makers funded a study showing that kids who eat candy weigh less than those who don’t. I don't understand how that level of absurdity can be offered up without assuming we'd be skeptical. I can see "kids who eat candy don't gain any more weight" as being a possibility, but thinner? What hubris. Yeah, not gaining weight is possibly believable - losing weight is ridiculous. If you can't break down sugar or fat, what are you living on? You must eat a heinous amount of protein each day. Ice cream comes in 1 gallon tubs. I believe in you. Could you expand on what "Your way" is? I really really like VSCode for Python and never had the nerve to learn VIM, so I'm wondering what you do that causes it to be a fight. Oh that's great - I had it up and running in 30 seconds. > Running experiments on the planet we live on is usually frowned upon. You don't like to test in PROD? > I’ll just try to very roughly count calories and keep track of the simple math of calories in vs calories out. I had excellent results with this. No tricks, just count the calories (write down everything you eat) and stop when you hit your daily budget, whether it is a day full of ice cream or steak. Each time I weighed myself wasn't totally predictable as some weeks I'd lose very little and some weeks I'd lose more, but over the 6 months I made it a goal it was very effective. Clearly the answer is to create a copy of prod in a test environment (Mars?). The problem isn't this study, it's the reporting. We were initially taught that science IS truth, so every new study that was irresponsibly disseminated was believed. Now we've become so jaded by all these studies that we believe none of them (unless it follows our own prejudices). And unfortunately the news is built on trying to make things interesting - reporting the current scientific consensus just isn't news worthy. "This just in: Earth still flat." is much less interesting than "Watch this Californian kook launch himself into Space to prove the Earth is flat." or "Drinking straws - are they inseminating dolphins with reptilian DNA?" > But I don't play Valve games. I did, but they stopped putting them out. That would definitely be a reason that they haven't put anything out - valve feels super weird in that it seems like the whole company is in maintenance mode and enjoying being the biggest guy on the video game distribution block. That's the same approach as with Portal 2, isn't it? And I guess that's not completely fair - I'm sure they keep making hats for TF2. If not for yourself, for your roommates and cat. That right there is a fuel with a Roland Emmerich scale for potential (nuclear) fallout. Can you imagine trying to sell that to the public? "Combine the worst parts of both Challenger and Chernobyl." The public doesn't really accept normal nuclear power plants. I'm 6'6". Any air travel long than like an hour and a half is a cramped, claustrophobic hell. If I can find seats with more leg room, I take them. I'd also love more shoulder room - spending the whole flight trying to slouch as much as possible to stay out of people's way is no fun. The other fun parallel with Rome is its expansionist nature - Rome was strongest as it grew and once it ran out of space to expand its basis for economic growth disappeared as well. Now that may be chicken and egg, but as long as Rome kept growing it was OK. I feel like that nicely reflects the stock market - the moment the economic expansion stops is the minute that things are going to get dicey. Not only are you less likely to die of a heart attack, diabetes, or a broken hip, you're also more likely to be still doing the things you love when you do pass away. It's a win win really. I wonder who was running the PR for cardio and weightlifting in the 70-90's. For some reason weight lifting, and barbell training in particular, has a weird anti-intellectual connotation. Getting up to run for two hours at 4 am is the habit of a successful business executive, but spend a couple of hours a day in the gym and carry an excess of muscle mass and you're clearly dumb. It's very strange. Do you have a pad for under your desk? I find that I can't just stand all day without getting stiff either. How smart do you have to be to out-think a heart attack? Are you still stronglifting after 2 years? How has your progression been for the last year or so of that? As I understand it it's a fairly novice focused program with aggressive weight increases, so I was wondering how you modified it to continue running it after the first 3-6 months of easy gains went away. Starting Strength is another excellent program to follow and if you pick up the book it features an exhaustive description of the bio-mechanics involved in each lift (which you can skip if you just want the charts). > From what I understand, it's actually better to have a mix than to stand only. Yeah, we like to think that standing is something new, but cashiers have done it for years, and, having spent time as one in my youth, I can tell you that there is a lot of discomfort during the work week. I'd really recommend sitting and standing. > I've gotten small injuries from lifting much lighter than that. Probably because you weren't focused. For me 1-5's are great - long enough to really build character, but short enough you can have the laser focus that the lifts require. If I'm doing 10 reps 3-8 I'm half there. The only lift that requires backup (assuming you don't have the appropriate equipment) is the bench press - all others you drop the weight and walk away. I know, that's why I was curious. If you followed the program as written you'd be at like 2000 lbs of deadlift. My own journey has taken me through Starting Strength to Texas method and then to various 5/3/1's (and occasional returns to Texas) through the years. > Squats, bench presses and deadlifts are extremely complex, high-risk lifts that serve no purpose for the average, non-competitive weightlifter. You've clearly never had to lift a couch or push a car out of a ditch, even just squatted down to pick up something larger than a breadbox. Your body isn't made of glass - it won't explode, and scaring people off these wonderful exercises is doing a disservice to humanity. > Should they squat high bar or low bar? Really whatever is more comfortable. High bar won't get you as much weight due to leverages but some people lack the mobility, or the desire, to low bar. > Wide or narrow stance? Totally based upon the individual anthropometry. If you have long femurs you can squat wider to get ride of some of that potential moment arm but that's going to load your hips to a greater extent. It'll also depending on how your femur hits your hip bone - I have to squat wider just to get my femurs into the right spot to hit parallel. > Parallel or below parallel? If you're competing, aim for just below -you're playing the game and you want 3 white lights with the most weight. If not, then do what your mobility / goals set. Far below is going to cause you to move less wait, but you don't want to be above to keep the knee strain low (note: your knees ain't going to explode, it's just not as nice on em) > Flat shoes or heel lifts? That's an ankle mobility question. If you can do it without, go for it, but many people won't be able to. Stop living in fear of excellent exercises that get you stronger and build character. Progressive overload and months/years of experience will sort most people out before they explode into a pile of gooey chunks putting a bar on their back. edit: put question marks at the end each quote to help delineate between question / response. > Even professional lifters injure themselves while squatting with low weight. People hurt themselves on the lat pulldown machine every day too. I've seen people roll ankles on bosu ball bicep curls. Injuries happen - it's all about calculating the risk. My favourite Rip quote is "A weak man is not as happy as that same man would be if he were strong. This reality is offensive to some people who would like the intellectual or spiritual to take precedence. It is instructive to see what happens to these very people as their squat strength goes up." I believe you and I differ on what we consider the results of a squat. And I'm impressed that you can dismiss my points so quickly and not even put in the effort to try and enlighten me. Who knows, maybe I'll come around to your line of thinking if you put more than "squats bad, simple exercises better" on the page? Yeah - if you start as a New Year's resolution you're running that puppy out by the time the snow melts, but it is simple and fast enough to be rewarding with long, punishing hours in the gym, and by the time you've run the program out you should see enough gains that you have the urge to move onto an intermediate program. I don't really care for that metaphor, while it does make sense at a base level, I feel like it doesn't quite fit. A bicycle is (once constructed) entirely man powered - it only goes as well as we are able to power it. The computer is more of a car for our minds - they run on electricity/gas, take minor low effort inputs from us, and transform them into massively larger outputs not due to simple mechanical laws, but because of a secondary source of impetus. There isn't that 1:1 input/output that a bike has. You are right, there is the potential for injury, and some people herniate discs. But more people hurt themselves putting the lawn mower in the truck than in the gym. I took a look and the only statistic I could find for rate of herniated discs in a population (in this case Finland and Italy https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2907819/ ) was 1-3% - those aren't all caused by lifting. I've even found a website that was concerned about runners developing herniated disc ( https://runnerclick.com/herniated-disc/ ) Life causes herniated discs, and can happen naturally with age as well. I don't mean to downplay that it can and does happen, and that sucks when it's so bad it's debilitating, but steering clear of the gym won't prevent it. An injury is a fact of life. How many people tear ACL's during soccer practice or skiing? But then people tear their ACL's falling the shower as well. Any activity has built in risks. > As a layperson it's possible to understand every mechanical part of your bike, and even fix them yourself with some effort. That's part of the real joy for me - "hmm... something is making a noise" and then you can tinker until the noise goes away. There's learning feedback still available on a bike. You know he could just pay his staff more directly. I guess he found a loophole where the money ends up at the same place, but this way it's more of a tax write-off. Yeah, all it would take for me to take on a mainframe is "we need someone for a permanent position that you can live on". I'm in this profession because I loved computers as a kid and it's never stopped. You wanna show me something novel? I'll be happy to learn it (assuming there's a livable job in there at the same time). They just have to be willing to teach it. I've tried it in Chrome, Firefox, and Edge and has script errors in Chrome and Firefox, and just doesn't work in Edge. Yup, that worked! I'm finding Visual Studio Code does an excellent job with "rename symbol" or "change all occurrences". Mine was in reference to Python projects - I haven't tried it on cross language references. For those of us who do drive it would be great to get that commute time back. My wife has been biking to work for a couple of years now (I work in an industrial zone - I don't trust the awareness of large truck drivers - so I don't follow suit) and it's really revitalized her joy for the city. Her commute has become something she loves. Because of this new found passion we've both bought new bikes, have started passing our weekends by experiencing the city from the view of a bicyclist, and while it can be frustrating finding a place where you're bike can go (our city has been building bike lanes and mixed use paths like crazy which help a great deal), it's been incredibly enjoyable to bike to those places one normally wouldn't go due to the car traffic and the pain of parking. Last weekend we put 100 km on over a days travel just getting out and enjoying the city, we've also taken day trips out to neighbouring municipalities to better explore. The problem with all this of course is that it snowed here yesterday, and that's just the first sign of a trend that's going to last until April. Do you have Yeti/Sasquatch/Bigfoot/Harry and the Henderson's type bike? Or skinny tires and determination? The commute is about 45 minutes in the summer, so in the winter that's a long time to be cold. Amsterdam the average winter temperature is like 3 degrees Celsius. Where I live it's -10, and it can easily dip into the -20's for weeks and the -30's for days. Is there a temperature at which you call it quits? Those -30 Edmonton days seem like good days to choose other ways to commute. As you're always working with a fixed temporal distance, wouldn't that basically negate any instability? There'd never be a gravitational "correction", as that 8 minute offset would never shift. > I definitely don't ever see myself "retiring"-- and I mean that: I will never not be interested in what I'm interested in now. If I stop working formally I will start to work informally, and I never want to be cordoned off into an "island for seniors". I believe you're making a "I hope" statement and treating it like a fact. You're 23, you're still young - life happens. Spouse, kids, mortgages, sickness, injury, tragedy, joy, all that stuff happens and it changes you and how you look at the world and what you value. By all means love what you're doing, but don't expect you won't change. The joy is you don't need to prepare for it - it'll happen whether you're observing it or not. > Maybe it's too hard for the rootless masses on HN to understand what its like being rooted in an area over generations to just watch it become a foreign country within a decade. I can't remember the exact number, but the majority population feels threatened when the non-majority reaches some like 5-10% of the total population. When you feel threatened, the minority population isn't exactly overwhelming. America has had this kind of xenophobia before. Irish, Italians, Ukranians, Jews, it's all the same noise, and it turns out the same - you still have America, it's just a little different, a little more culturally complex. And don't give me that whole "but they aren't integrating" shtick. They may not integrate easily, but 2 generations from now their grand kids will be as American as anybody. My gym phone still has android 5 on it - nothing like having everyone see you're pumping yourself up for your big lift with Frozen. "LET IT GOOOOOOO!!!!" > If health care expenditures grow at 4%, that's 0.32% wage growth from health care costs. So if you earn $100,000 each year you get a raise of $320 due to health care? To be honest with you, that seems pretty insignificant. And it's also sort of a feedback loop - the quality of care isn't increasing - the system is only costing more because the system can charge more. All that's doing is accounting for "healthcare inflation", and if a cost of living raise is a significant raise, something is wrong. That's true - you'd have a possible gravitational blue/red shift at different points. You can negotiate yourself onto the street, I suppose the fresh air could be considered a positive life change. You assume as you age you'll figure out things better and really just find life easier - I've found it just becomes a larger list of fears and unknowns. You get better at handling them, but they keep popping up. Your values are challenged and what you thought was important shift. That surety you had when you were just starting out evaporates as you now need to keep your family/job/house functioning like a pile of spinning plates. You get bigger and bigger rewards, but the obstacles also get bigger and more and more varied to match. I could hide from the clients for weeks! Weeks I say! "Oh, sorry, our schedules really only overlap for a day and I'm booked solid. How about next month?" What's funny is that the system encourages this society and those who are able to take full advantage of it become so rich they are able to completely opt out. The goal of capitalism, of supply and demand, labour and capital, is to have so much that all goods and services are within your grasp for no effort or time. I'm not sure if it's the same in the states, but in Canada it's remarkable how all the gas stations, owned by different corporations, all seem to have price fluctuations at the same time, and even though crude oil is half the price it was half a decade ago the gas prices seem to have crept back to where they were pre-plummet. If all the distributors know the game, they find ways to work together. > But you and I both stand from our positions and project these positions onto the future, inaccurately. The difference being that the one further ahead can look back at what happened to them and understand the shifts. You're only trying to project forward. This is one of those "speaking from experience" deals. 10 years ago the odds were good you'd say you'd always love comic books and actions figures and hated girls, and that wasn't ever going to change. Mind you, puberty is a drastic change and has a neat way or realigning your priorities, but so does a lot of things. The argument above was: > I don't see why the distributor (or other middlemen) wouldn't simply pocket the price difference themselves. What would force them to pass it on to consumers? > This would only work if the distributor had a monopoly on food sales in the US, or a monopsony on food imports to the US. I'm saying that the independent distributors of gasoline have no monoply on the market, but still manage to ensure that they all get the same cut anyways. There's nothing stopping them all from agreeing to fix the market far above what the price could be because they see an opportunity for profit. "Remember 40 hours is the minimum we expect of you. Overnight installations are just part of the job." Or gives you nothing to work with. If your only skill was "working at a gas station" and you got fired from a gas station, you better hope that there are more opportunities for working at another gas station, cause you aren't taking a "sabbatical" from minimum wage to enhance your skills to move up. So we are keeping thousands of subreddits cached that then get dynamically composed together to determine an individual users front page? How did we just not create a second database? What really amazes me is the creation of new "Shopping Centres" - miles and miles of independent stores and nothing between them but parking lots. They took the mall and scaled it up so everyone gets a store, and now if I want to go to two places I have to actually drive from one to the other because it's nothing but parking lots and pedestrian hostile roads separating them - sometimes it's a two minute drive, but that's so much easier to do than try and navigate on foot it's ridiculous. You want to go to the next store over, but it's 3 lanes each way of homicidal traffic between you and it, or a 5 minute walk to get to the closest cross-walk. I feel like you'd end up with a micro-payment type system - it'd be $1 to cross a parking lot or two and you'd have fields of parking lots everywhere to house the cars that would serve the instant demand people would expect. It honestly doesn't seem like a large enough performance jump when you consider the price jump as well - last gen you could get a 980 Ti's performance for a mid-range cards price, but now you get a little more than a 1080 Ti's performance... for the price of a 1080 Ti. Seems like a weird shift. They've expanded the price range, but not the value. I'm glad I picked up a 1070 at the very beginning of its life, seems like it was the perfect time for that (before the Bitcoin craze). I really hope that AMD keeps up this generation - the Vega's were too little too late - you shouldn't be going toe to toe with NVidia a year after NVidia's cards come out at the same price point. I would much prefer an AMD card though - AMD seems much less user hostile, and if I'm going to lock myself into a display I want to lock into one that doesn't cost me hundreds of dollars more for the same product. It would make me incredibly happy to be fully AMD for my next PC build (I ran AMD chips since the 486-66 days until intel's "i" series), but only time will tell if they can get their act together this year and actually compete in the mid-high end space. > You are right, but there also lies a problem - even 2080ti pulls barely 60fps at best today's top games, sometimes not even that. Meaning games whose development started around the time when 1080 were introduced. The new ones will be much more demanding, and even if more clever antialiasing helps, that's only small part of performance. The problem here is that the 2080ti's performance increase is proportional to it's cost increase - we've really gained no more bang for our buck, they've just given us a bigger buck to spend, which is fine if you have it, but I'll bet most people won't. The fancy new AA is just a great way for NVidiia to spread the gap a bit to make it look more worthwhile to buy these new cards - without it nobody would be impressed by the performance. > I am currently looking for an update over my old 760 gtx, but since I play in 1080p (actually 1200p), I think 1070 will suffice. The 1070 is a rock solid card, but I'd probably wait to see where the 2070 sits on the price performance curve. The 1070 would be a HUGE upgrade from what you have right now, but assuming that the 2070 isn't priced like a 1080 of last gen it could be a very solidly performing card for a rational price (assuming they didn't price this one up to match whatever equivalent it has for last gen), and give you just that much more room to stretch out your next upgrade. I normally hate the "wait until the next gen comes out" philosophy as there's always a new gen coming, but this seems prudent as I imagine we are ~ 1 month away. I understand the need, but with the 2080 I'd expect a generational improvement in price / performance, and there is none here. You spend 1080 ti prices, you get 1080 ti performance. The 2080 Ti makes sense though - it's for those with deeeep pockets, or who make their livelihood off of gaming. If you have the means, go hard. I understand we always want more FPS, and some people are willing to pay anything to get it. I just wish the 2080 wasn't such a poor showing - with the exception of a couple of new tricks (a new AA and not yet supported or well performing ray tracing) you don't get anything else for the price compared to a card released a year and a half ago. Looks like the release date for the 2070 is Oct 20th, so if all else fails, check out the landscape in regards to benchmarks and stuff as it gets closer - and if you buy 2nd hand I betcha a bunch of cheap 1070's will pop up as well. I just don't know if the major retailers will get rid of all their 1070 stock before the 2070 launches, that could be a problem. New Egg still has a ton of 1080's up and the 2080 released today, so I imagine you'll be safe. And yeah, it's now a 2 or 3 year cycle, totally worth a bit of patience. > For Medicaid, hospitals received payment of only 88 cents for every dollar spent by hospitals caring for Medicaid patients in 2016. Is that the actual cost of the item or the obscene markup? Is medicare only paying $2.20 for the $2.50 saline bag, or are they only paying $176 of the $200 charge? > No one wants a banal name ! Someone clearly wasn't an introverted 6th grader whose dream was to have no one notice them for the entire school year. I really like that. In interviews they are Robert, and at home they can be Percival if they want. So what's the impetus for the news business to be available online? If the world wide web should be a free love utopia of data slurping why would these agencies, who have been built on the assumption that the creation and presentation of their data has an inherent worth? How do they get remunerated for their efforts? Or do they just never try to take advantage of this new epoch and die off, leaving us with a billion half-assed citizen journalists? So in that case is this going to be a "G-Sync"/"Freesync" or "Gameworks"/"No, I like my framerates" thing? If developers begin supporting the RTX hardware is there a way AMD can get on board, or is this another one of NVidia's patented industry hurting moves? So do you/would you pay for something like the New York times? Ah, excellent. Then I support this future. I thought this would be a gameworks version 2.0 problem. NVidia actively denies others the ability to interact with their "Gsync" platform - an AMD card will never be able to take advantage of a Gsync monitor. I'm getting the answer that this is a Vulkan/DirectX Api, and assuming that's the case, that's great. But if it was a proprietary API (like Gameworks), that could only possibly run on proprietary hardware, I'd have a problem. As long as everyone can leverage those API calls at the same time I'm perfectly happy. > Doing software development in high school requires a computer (even a ~$400 that is shared with the family is sufficient), interest, and time (so one can spend hours required reading tutorials/watching videos). Basically, nothing too much out of the reach of your average teenager -- with the exception of interest/dedication to the art. I grew up in the country, got the internet in grade 9 on a 28.8 connection over a single land line (so my time was very limited), had a computer that couldn't load the QBasic help files (it didn't have enough RAM), and our town library was painfully out of date. I never got past basic "if/else" as there were no resources available to me, so I quickly gave up. It's become much easier to get access to all these things, but my answer to "Did you code in high school" has to be a "no". It's funny to me that we assume that developers are young enough to have had youtube in high school. Yeah, I'm a millennial, and it was one of my happiest days when I moved to a big city and got a 512 kbps ADSL line. Mine was blood test (checking infection), palpating (to see which parts of my gut hurt), and ultrasound. I now feel like I've missed out. For myself appendicitis was a condition that recurred - I didn't realize what I was having at the time until one night when I put the symptoms together and went "uh oh", when I'd probably experienced those symptoms a half dozen time in my adult life. I wonder what antibiotics mean for re-occurrence, do you end up treating it like an ear infection, and take em when you get a flare up? To be fair, marijuana was criminalized at the same time as booze, and by the same people, but yeah, we've now had multi-generational prohibition instead of a decade. > The Aedes genus of mosquitoes are an invasive species in most of the world that was introduced by human activity in the first place. Life, uh, finds a way. While it was an invasive species, it's now part of the respective ecosystems. Setting up a bunch of houses in the middle of a grassland is invasive, but you may not make life better by trying to burn it down during the dry season. > just blew the doors off an iron enclosure intended to contain the massive magnetic field Now, I'm by no means a physicists, but aren't iron enclosures particularly bad at containing magnetic fields? It shouldn't propagate, but the whole thing should be magnetized at that point, right? While you've got that electro magnet on you could probably stick fridge to the big iron magnet you've created with the container? 2.23 billion active users, 50 million affected. ~2% of their user base. Wow, that's a lot of people affected, and somehow just a tiny sliver of their user base. Nearly every morning one of our local radio station gives "fun" "facts" and always start with "Scientist say " and end with something ridiculous like "dogs can't look up", or "purple is the best colour", or something equally bizarre, and they treat it like because "scientists" say it it has meaning or value, and then they both discuss it as a fact, and have people phone in and talk about it. We utterly fail at scientific education and communication in North America. Oh, yeah, I just didn't want to generalize farther than my own experience. "In a US nationally representative cohort, we found that 0.8% of pregnancies were reported by virgins and not related to use of assisted reproductive technology, and these women were more likely than other virgins to have signed chastity pledges, to endorse knowledge of birth control, and to have parents who endorsed items indicative of lower levels of communication about sex and birth control." I don't think that's it. I think it's people who are utterly devoted to a fault in regards to their personal beliefs, or in the dark about what constitutes sex and what risk factors exist for activities that can lead to impregnation. It's an option - it may be that some of the people involved are unaware of all the possible ways one can get pregnant, and I feel like those who've signed a chastity pledge are also the ones most likely to not mention any sort of acts they've performed, and instead just deny having had sex (which is possibly technically true). It's how everyone arrives on Survivor without knowing how to make a fire - what did you think was going to happen? I understand that the Venn diagram between "people narcissistic enough to be on reality tv" and "people who like to plan ahead" is probably the number 8, but even still, c'mon! edit: Survive? No, Survivor. The goal is just to get to 25x your annual spending. Once you're there if you earn 7% interest and only spend 4% (what you'd normally spend in a year), you've now not only spend no money (only a piece of the interest) and that extra 3% left over accounts for inflation. So you build a pool for 25 years of spending, then just coast on that for the rest of your life. The key is to realize that it's not your earnings, but your spending, so it would behoove one to get that spending as small as possible to get to coasting more quickly. The math works out in one of those "assuming a spherical cow" senses. It doesn't account for a market downtown for any length of time, nor a required change in spending habits (illness, emergency). I assume the tech isn't there, but mechanical turk for manual labour sounds like a fun concept, in a black mirror sort of way. Can't wait for Uber to try to solve its self driving cars with this. I've heard things like "if you have a problem and are unhappy, just go to HR". Nope, I'm not going to rant to them, and I'm certainly not going to talk to our in office mental health professional. But if the client wants me to pretend I care enough to do it well, they gotta pay. Could you elucidate the differences in the dynamics? I'm currently working with a company that works for the government, and I'm experiencing a lot of the same symptoms, so I'm wondering what the differences are that you see. The extra 3% interest being earned that you're not spending (remember the goal is spending 4 of the 7% of interest ) SHOULD cover inflation. Hopefully. I'm not the sort to bet on that though. With that much sugar I'm not sure if it's the flavour or texture you don't like. A mouse is like 20g. No way are they shoving 16g's of splenda into one. Absolutely. I didn't realize there was that much filler in a splenda packet. That stuff is incredibly strong. Except in this case it's a 800 lbs gorilla trying to extinguish another 800 lbs gorilla. Where Microsoft had a giant weight advantage on a lot of the other guys, here it'll end up in an awkward prolonged hug. Yeah, I honestly appreciate Samsung for not jumping on those trends just for the trends sake. Samsung really lead on the thin bezels, and hasn't adopted another of the more ridiculous fads. With an exit plan of selling to Facebook with a $2 billion valuation Just because a single instance of the good has a near zero price, it doesn't mean the creation of the initial product cost nothing. Even though everyone in the universe could potentially consume a copy, the item still needs to be able to at least recoup its cost with the consumers that are actually going to consume it. >> The cost-based pricing is inherently flawed as supply/demand typically governs prices, however digital media tends to stick to whatever tradition dictates, e.g. $60 for a game or $0.99 per song. It is hard to gauge sunk costs for performance art past what it costs to run the studio for X amount of time + whatever salary artists get paid. That's true. I find myself coming down on the side of "the creator should set the price" rather than the consumer. Digital media is weird in that it's very easy to duplicate the creators work, but as the "supply" is potentially infinite, I'd like the system to be a price/demand ratio, where the cost of the item determines whether the product is consumed, instead of the consumer circumventing the creator to consume the product without remuneration. So he's undecided? There's a film called The Pentagon Wars that seems to describe the exact same issues in regards to the Bradley fighting vehicle, so while I can't say if it's the norm, it certainly isn't unique. Watching this confuses me as to the timing of it all... if the conceit is that we're watching the bundle of photons move through the bottle that's because the photons from the source are hitting the camera, right? So is it the light moving through the bottle + the travel time to the sensor? Should refraction and reflection across the surface cause a lot of weird visual interference (as the bottle's size is no longer insignificant the time scale for lights velocity)? Is that what we're seeing there? > name, email address and phone number I kind of work on the assumption that those things are largely public. I mean, phone books were a thing for a very long time. Don't get me wrong, leak bad, very bad, but they didn't leak my bank accounts or a list of my worst fears. Unless you work a monstrous hybrid / support / leadership role that sees you both doing long term project work, mentoring, and immediate fixes. I remember my last day with an uninterrupted of 4 hours of flow was about a month ago. That was a super productive day. I still think about it sometimes. It's in Sepia tones and everything. I hope it's a year of my art degree. 2nd year didn't teach me a lot. As a Canadian, I've learned to just not worry. I can't compare myself to the creme del la silicon valley crop, and that's ok. And as a millennial "work until I die" seems very natural as well. You have to pay the US to stop being a citizen? I can understand a cost for filing, but that's a lot of money to opt out of your rights as a citizen. I'm trying to think of equivalent items that one would do when opting out of citizenship that are equivalent to emptying out the health spending account when you quit a job to try and make your money back. I haven't noticed the need to re-download every game over and over (most patches seem to be ~1 GB), but I have noticed Steam is bad for having old versions of MMO's - typically you install the MMO and then the MMO basically re-installs itself with what's actually the latest version of the game. But the only people who could afford to pay it then would be the (relatively) wealthy. > The United States had no income tax or reporting requirements for over a third of its existence and experienced growth; now that the tide has shifted, the US tax requirements would be causing a much greater exodus if it weren't for the fact that there are not currently many places worldwide in a better position. I believe that the initial taxation was for import/export, but that's also a time when the social welfare state didn't exist. Though the first income taxes came along to pay for war - I guess all the United States needs to do is stop being in the business of war and the income tax could go away. Any day now. Absolutely true. Though I'd argue at this point that the only way the United States would face a war that could be fought conventionally internally, it would be by a foe that's using the resource of the United States Army, as I don't believe there'd be another other viable option. We're a little far away from when every man had equivalent firepower to a member of the United States forces in their closet. It would also seem to be a very hard line to draw in regards to "preventing external threats". An argument could be made that that's exact what's happening right now, and that it's aggressive posture and presence around the world is solely in self defense, so really, the industry of war probably can't ever stop, and neither can the income tax. I've never performed a plank or crunch in the many, many, years I've been squatting and it's never been a problem. If you try any sort of slow steady progression you don't need to - things adapt to take care of themselves. I've put well over 500 lbs on the bar and never worried about my core. I really like this chart for references on rep range: https://i.imgur.com/UrF1U.png > I am a huge proponent of back squats without aids - like belts - for the purpose of developing natural core strength like what you have experienced, but it is very, very cheap insurance to work your abs/back/sides in addition. Belts are aids in that they allow you to literally flex your stomach muscles and valsalva to a great degree - they provide no intrinsic support, instead providing something to brace your own muscles against. This is literally the argument one makes for core work! I also agree - it's important to learn to be able to squat without a belt, and I largely will with the exception of my heaviest sets of the day. It helps you appreciate the assistance and work on your own unaided valsalva. If you do slip into this catastrophic scenario you're visualizing, being able to hold a static plank for 3 minutes isn't going to help that - you haven't trained the muscle at all to do what it needs to do at that moment - stop being static and move. Having the sheer grunt power and experience of having hundreds of lbs on your back for years is what's going to save you, and I'd argue that there's plenty of muscle groups that you've built up over the years to keep you safe in just such a circumstance - your spine isn't floating in a vat supported only by abs. I've dumped the bar, failed lifts, things have slipped, but I've never slipped a disc because I am strong enough to survive the load. Do accidents happen and people get hurt? Absolutely, but both runners and old ladies slip discs too. > Neglecting it WILL lead to injury I would love to see some evidence of this. Here's Brian Shaw's workout routine. Without question one of the strongest men in the world, I see no dedicated core work: http://deadliftworkouts.com/train-strongman-series-brian-sha... Core work is not a bad thing, but it's not required. I guess it would have to be placed in geosynchronous orbit. I didn't see any size comments, but that puppy would have to be quiet large I'd think. To light 14,300-square-meters from 35,786 km seems like you'd need a BIG reflector. "That's no moon...." > They are toothless if you simply take a strong stance from the get go. By "get go" do you mean time of signing or when you're leaving? And if the latter, what does that look like at the time you're leaving? > the government is stepping in and saying you have to follow the rules of this contract which are not in your best interest. I think they may be arguing that pure capitalism would be like Mad Max - you just do what you want until the next powerful leather-clad CEO decides to change the rules and use you not as software engineer but as a blood bag. Yeah, that really requires calling their bluff. Ideally it's a bluff. That would be 119 m on each side... yeah, that's a little cramped. I copied that totally not critically from the article. I'm beginning to believe that this article may be missing some important information. > basically unenforceable That's different than "totally". It's harder for a janitor, who might not have the means to fight back, to try and call that bluff. > Slightly amended regulation is necessary, not some sorta social uprising. And here I'd just broken out my leather chaps. In that case I totally agree with you. What was once a tool for a company to protect itself against someone with leverage is now a method to discourage and oppress those at a disadvantage. This is absolutely an invasion of our privacy, tracking our every move, but is shopping online any better? The only real difference is that online they can't track your face, and in real life they can't link you to your taste in pornography. Isn't that tearing them down, not putting them up? The only way we're going to turn this ship around is by telling people that there's money to be made somewhere else. If you ask a world full of the rich and those who want to be that they have to turn away from money you're not going to have an audience. Telling us to read 5+ books to appropriately educate ourselves on why the system is doomed and how to fix it isn't going to reach the masses, and certainly not those with power, especially when the basic assumption is that they have to lose all their power in order for the scheme to work. Are the Pixels actually that popular? I feel like another company (Samsung, LG) could corner the market on the "pure android" phone and have a better product. I'm surprised Google feels so confident with it's mediocre and overpriced phones. That's why I was saying that that they need to get onto Android base - then the only thing will be the camera, which to be fair, Google is really great at. That's true, but you've netted zero on carbon. You need to put up more trees if you want to remove carbon. I mean, by all means tear em down, but you gotta keep putting them up. Telling people to read books to understand your argument is a form of gate-keeping that isn't going to convince anyone of your argument. If you can't express it yourself after having read 5+ books, why would I want to go through the same exercise? Was that large junior wage due to the 2000's cyber boom and was later readjusted to the new reality? Or has your wage actually remained stagnant / rose slower than inflation since that time? So do we see that in other countries without outrageous healthcare premiums? I don't know, but I'm sure there are examples of countries where a company won't be paying for that and causing one's wage to stagnate because of it. "There's no way I was legitimately voted in! Clearly the voting machines broke!" Is it an actual 4k experience, or is it an upscaled image? Where does one draw the line that it's markedly different? Expansions? Major patches? When 8.1 is released are we allowed to emulate 8.0? 8.2 means 8.0 is fair game? Or the day after Wrath of the Lich King and the Burning Crusade? Should the emulators be able to patch code, or make ehancements? If someone grabbed WoW 8.0, with a decade and a half of work put into it, and then threw in a battle royale mode and that took off like crazy, is that totally fine? In the general case? So they can be modified for profit? > Can those without the expansions still play? The core root of the game changes, mechanics, graphics, etc, and those with the expansion get additional content, but even if you don't buy the next expansion you can continue to play the game (assuming you don't mean to take advantage of the expansion content). This isn't just taking their IP, this is taking their effort, modifying slightly and then reselling. It seems intellectually dishonest to take a copy of a movie, put a new opening scene on it and then sell it again. There are longer running MMO's, and the playerbase has faded a bit, but you're absolutely right - it's still a monolith, and to which all other MMO's are compared. Regardless of the BFA problems, it still wields a huge amount of power. > You do know what the purpose of IP/patents originally was, right? The fact that companies have brainwashed you into thinking it's "dishonest" for the rest of society to benefit from their original invention is depressing. Dude, harsh. As a developer, I wouldn't want someone taking the work I'd spent years to build, taking a slightly older copy and then iterating on it and selling it. Possibly in the hopes that they could focus more on the classes and grades required to get them into med school. Is it really EEE when they are supporting a really solid product? They aren't forcing Atom out, they are just doing a better job. I wouldn't mind if Microsoft decided to make a ton of excellent open-source software in a diabolical plan to make the world better by it's oppressive sharing. > where only the top hundred or thousand in the world can get by. I don't think that's correct - music or law employs a ton of working professionals at all levels. If working at one of the big companies is the measure of "getting by" that means if you're a lawyer in a small town you're probably not getting by, which is absolutely not the case. I'd love to see more of that residential / service mix... I would not, however, want my neighbours to run a tannery, nor would I care for a payday loan office next door. I look forward to the day that this trick is so ubiquitous it loses all value, and the companies lose all ability to manage people via queue, and have to come up with a system that possibly involves people communicating with people in a timely fashion. Most shops I know open at 7:30, which seems reasonable on a Wednesday, but super obnoxious Saturday morning if they start work before their official opening. Me too. I was ok paying the premium if I could run across the street for some flour and eggs. It was one of the reasons we chose to live where we did, though naturally it closed down shortly after we signed the mortgage. Knives, much like fire, are both hugely important, but they have their places. Bringing either onto a flight seems unneeded. Yeah, the headphones go on when I get in and only come off if someone is standing there looking at me like they just asked a question. > I also imagine the 5G towers will use much more power than say 3G or 4G powers because if 5G wireless tech can't pass easily through objects, then you bet the carriers are going to "maximize" the distance. How? Through more power. So I doubt 5G will be much safer overall. In fact, I'm willing to bet it will be significantly less safe than previous wireless technologies. As the frequencies increase penetrating power drops off dramatically. I don't care how many nerf darts get thrown at me if they can't pierce my skin they aren't going to kill me. Photons can't gang up and become more penetrative by just having more of them. Wouldn't any number you were going to stop at be arbitrary? If you can fit 1,000 to a rack, you're going to end up with a multiple of ten by the time they are done. These processors don't need to adhere to 2^X, do they? Totally arbitrary, as is my point. In the north the frost line can get to below seven feet, and even past that you're now pulling cold air in, instead of recirculating already heated air from the house. I think this would work well in trying to cool a warm house, or warm one that experiences very mild cold, but I imagine it has limited application. I wouldn't say that's correct - diagnostic imaging is entirely computerized these days and that's made life a lot more productive and efficient, but is also the source of huge frustration when these incredibly expensive machines have software glitches or network connectivity problems. I'm just speaking from my experience with Rads and their technologists. I imagine billing is a nightmare as well. Modern furnaces only pull air in from outside to burn, run through the heat exchangers, then it's blown back out - the air that's moved around inside the house is simply recirculated. Where would the air from the pilings be pulled? We would need a huge reservoir of air to prevent carbon monoxide combustion issues. Is your furnace high efficiency? Older models take in air from the house and then blow it out the chimney, but it's different in newer systems. The intake/exhaust are both pressurized and at least exit outside the house (in most setups they pull and exit outside, but I have seen where the intake is inside). The cold air return is usually in the basement and then just blows hot around your house. And yes, the air does get stale in winter. I no longer get panicked phone calls from my wife where she's lost and needs me to get her going in the right direction, even though she doesn't know where she is. I'm OK with this new reality. That's my thought as well. It's not a glamour job, but I have a hard time seeing us creating machines that have the problem solving, troubleshooting and manual dexterity of a skilled tradesman. I.. uh.. congratulations on the pregnancy? That line of thinking can end at victim blaming - the abducted women stayed abducted because she didn't try to run hard enough. That's putting the blame on the wrong person. That being said, many devs CAN make the choice, but I don't think it's fair to blame those who can't. Not everywhere is booming to the same amount, and not everyone's life experience is the same to allow them freedom to move to an area that is. > Recognizing one's own power and stepping into it is an extreme privilege. I was thinking even in the case of familial obligations. It's not a lack of power that's keeping you taking care of your schizophrenic mother, it's compassion. Without framing it in blame then, if one fails even though they are empowered, what is the implications? But now they've lost agency to make the better career choice. Do you have an article for that, or are you saying that out of your own expertise? So empowerment doesn't mean they have the ability to change anything, it's just a state of being where they are under the belief they can possibly change something? What exactly is empowerment? Google continues to really take their cameras to the next level. It's just a shame the rest of the hardware doesn't follow suit. I'm referring specifically to Pixel phones. They made weird choices with awkward notches, small storage and RAM, as well as a mediocre at best battery. I don't know about that. For being a phone that touts long term support it doesn't seem terribly future proof with the amount of RAM and storage it has, as well as having a pretty regular battery that is certain to really degrade by the time support ends. The conceit that it makes it slimmer is ridiculous. Give me a thicker phone to fit in that headphone jack, and while you're at it, fill the rest of the space with battery. And as a corollary - what does the cost look like considering it's being served by Bethesda directly and not by Steam, as would be typical for a AAA game? We're comparing different ecosystems. What's good for Apple, in a tightly controlled ecosystem, may not match Android, where requirements and phone capabilities can be much less restrained, and competition for more RAM and storage is healthy. Ok, yeah, you can exaggerate the desire for backwards compatibility, but when you change to NOT use the standard that's not the same thing at all. I believe wired headphones to still be the standard item of choice for listening, as evidenced by the extremely common need for a dongle. The difference here would be if Apple competitors made phones that worked with apple software. Rows upon rows of headphones in stores everywhere beg to differ. It's an emerging standard, absolutely, but I have no desire to have to charge me headphones. Get a property in a city and start a tire fire. I'd love that. It'd be like Google Duplex, but save me the effort of having to say "no" to going to things. > Likewise, an open secret is that college work is a simulation of the workplace. I don't think this is the case, and hasn't been for a long time. Assuming you're not looking at graduate classes college is largely a game of keeping your head down and doing the work you need to when you need to and the minimizing effort other than that. Cramming is totally a viable option as the metrics for success in college are totally different than the workplace. The skills one learns to survive in college are extremely maladaptive to a long term functional career. If the criteria for success are orthogonal, how can one be a simulation of the other? I don't even look at the screen. I listen to podcasts, which I was doing ten years ago, but not fifteen to twenty years ago. I recently moved from a job where it was a half hour car drive home to one that is a 15 minute public transit commute - counting from the "I'm leaving the office now" text to my wife to unlocking the front door. It's been a huge quality of life improvement for me. > But college is really about deciding what you want to get out of it. If college is really a simulation of work, does that apply?