Great resource, thanks. But oh man, typography, character sets, CSS3...you are going to have a lot of frustrated developers scrolling through this. :) Not many have a good handle on all three of those AND functional programming, and you know lots of people measure themselves against these lists... I'm a designer who periodically works with ThemeForest themes for my clients. The problem with most of the themes is that they look good but you realize how badly they really work only when you attempt to adapt a site to them. I believe the author's current design is clean, functional, and honest. It won't win any awards, sure. There are some immediate issues with design elements needing a bit more space in which to live. But IMO the most improvement the author can make right now is to improve the book cover. That is practically lost territory compared to the rest of the site's large text and easily-followed bullet points. I recognized the image to the left as a book cover only on my third website view. That's sort of difficult to compare, because you're paying by milestones, but you probably didn't get estimated by milestone, e.g. "if we make it to the 3rd milestone you owe us this much." Your vendor is probably assuming you want all milestones completed. This reminds me of a company I worked for that had a compulsory MSN Messenger log-in policy. Nobody was using it for messaging, but we were required to log in so that management could tell when we were idle/not idle. During my 2 week notice period, the head IT guy started chatting with me and mentioned that the only thing they weren't monitoring was in fact the chat messages sent via MSN Messenger. It was a beautiful two-edged sword and we had lots of fun conversations before I left. I really enjoyed reading that--especially the poem at the end (I remember mentally rolling my eyes the first time I read it, thinking the message was self-evident. But in this context it's just wonderful). I do wish this sort of message could be part of an effective, formulaic prescription that could be doled out to web surfers who are suffering. "Depressed about things? Just keep scrolling down...watch this TED talk, heed this advice, read this article..." My friend who surfs the web all day and who tells me he has his suicide all planned out--I wish he could stumble on these things more often. Maybe instead of a "CSS Site of the Day Award" badge there could be a "Contemplating Suicide?" badge... Another example, I wish I had learned before I became a film major that imagery is powerful, and that our brains can confuse on-screen trauma with real trauma. I suffered needlessly--and that sounds ridiculous and maybe funny, thinking about a film major with wide eyes wondering just what he signed up for--but I watched things that I will never forget, and that have become part of a mental burden I work to release now that I'm a bit more experienced in discerning what I can and can't handle. I guess it pains me to think that while there are things we can do to ease others' pain, there are many extremely simple, almost thoughtless ways by which that existential depression worsens. Watch the wrong film. Read the wrong book. Make the wrong song lyric your mantra. (Wrong...well, maybe inappropriate is a better term; something that takes into account one's personal state) Traditions, cultures, microcultures...transcending that sort of thing is harder than most people realize, and certainly doesn't happen on autopilot. > It isn't as pretty as GA. I know this is petty and that its themeable but the UI was important to me. I explored this too--it turns out that they make money off of the design of custom Piwik UIs for sale. A site license for their white-labeling plugin costs just under 2,000 euro. Now draw a Venn diagram of the people who read the license vs. the people who contact this developer for support >Do I still need a graduate degree in category theory to write to a file? No. > Will I need a graduate degree in category theory to parse the next paragraph in this article? Oh. Um wait, define web developer for me again? I contacted them directly. I visited the site; it's really nice but four s between paragraphs in the summary looks pretty strange. Seems like it might be their system because when I click "Continue," the awkward spacing goes away. Anyway, looking forward to reading more. There's a good amount of platform distrust with Neocities, too, in that it has the feel of a sandbox and gives off the scent of "may go through some awkward growing pains." But what a great idea. Hope it gains traction. Exactly. Once you get any sort of marketing itch, or design itch (wait until the next set of trends really hit home and Medium is caught out), or IA or UX itch, you are going to wonder how much you could have done on your own by now. What was a waste of time about using Jekyll? How much time was wasted? And what is a "dummy" blog? I've never used Jekyll, just curious. I have a friend who attempted to sign up for online therapy via email but was turned down during the intake process because he admitted to having suicidal thoughts. This was a few years ago, so I'm not sure if the landscape has changed much, but he was pretty excited about trying it out and pretty disappointed he would have to get out and push himself to visit a typical brick-and-mortar (? :-) therapist. I discussed the suicidal tendencies a friend had in another comment in-thread, but do you know why it is considered worse than in-person treatment for severe illness? Certainly the friction of online contact is lower for people who generally avoid personal/social contact, which I thought would be a good thing / possibly help otherwise incapacitated people get started. A friend who is a very experienced therapist told me that "10 Days to Self Esteem" was, despite the awful title, the book she recommended most. It contains a testing/evaluation method you can use to evaluate yourself without setting foot in a therapist's office, and functions more like a workbook. Seems pretty cool except I don't want to give the idea here that people should avoid the therapist. As a freelancer, I really appreciated this article. While I know what a startup is, in my actual working experience, a "startup" is often some variant of "the SaaS thing my best client's worst employee wanted us to switch to last month." Otherwise we'd be using the proper name of the business without any regard for whether they are a startup or a farming collective or a couple of floating brains in a sealed chamber. I have also had experiences where I say "I'm a freelancer" and watch peoples' mouths drop open. They think I'm basically Peter Parker without the Spiderman, living on the cheap without a single concern for the future. The truth is a bit of an improvement on that. I pay for monthly consults with a former SV tech executive & INTJ engineer, who helps my inner INTJ learn and grow into a better salesman, marketer, team leader, and negotiator. While most of my stuff is building web things for people, I get a variety of work from traditional illustration to music to 3D modeling. I support a wife and three kids, and we take vacations regularly. I'm not wealthy by any stretch, but people who visit my rental say it's pretty big for NorCal and I get to work in a backyard office with a nice skylight. And every one of my big clients has an IT guy who actually trusts me with their web stuff. Having worked in IT in the past, that's a big deal to me. Someday maybe I'll do something different, but I've been freelancing full-time for almost ten years now, and I've never had a bad year or even a hard year. I don't miss free bagels & juice or XM radio and I definitely don't miss anything that looks like it came from the food section of an office supply store. I don't distrust startups, but I have absolutely no reason to be interested in working for one. The part you mention as difficult took me 5 years to get comfortable with--as in, "ready to start thinking about buying a house as a full-time freelancer." If you are a serious freelancer who wants to make a go of it as a lifestyle, you are selling a result (e.g. beautiful website, better search rankings, lovely illustrations). So when somebody calls you and says, "we are looking for a freelancer," you start to realize that maybe they want some sort of staff auxiliary rather than a result, and they won't respect your boundaries like other clients, and you learn to ask them if they can pay $150/hr. just so you can test the waters. You might even try to recommend that they dial up a college student and see what they do. I did this last week with a furniture company that was about to pay me $600/week for an hour-long meeting and maybe 1-2 hours of web design work. Sooner or later they'd realize they don't need my skill set, and I don't really want direct furniture sales in my portfolio. My job is just to help them out. Lots of long-term freelancers will drop the hourly stuff ASAP too. In this way you'll get freelancers who say, "my favorite client pays me $500/hr. for web design," and they're really just saying they bill by the project. But go talk to those clients--they're typically very happy and feel like they've got a real solution on their hands. >A major motivation for me to move out of consultancy is to make money while I'm sleeping. Actually quite a few consultants and freelancers do this. I've been making money while sleeping, as a freelancer, for the last 5 years. It's actually my favorite part of what I do, and I have an advisor who helps me figure it out as I go along. Perhaps a startup is just another vehicle for pursuing this dream that is better suited to you. There really is that annoying "freelancer???" thing, but I think it's really just a matter of the other party's experience & education. Business consultant. Former tech exec and JPL engineer. He has a pretty interesting past and I'm lucky to have found him. > What's your model, if you don't mind me asking? Retainers, support agreements, platform hosting, template sales, and some simple SaaS stuff. And I just barely became an Amazon associate/affiliate now that one of my apps is picking up traffic, but we'll see how that goes vs. other types of advertising. >Intrigued. If you don't mind me asking, what does he teach you? The most important one has been "tolerating others and, optimally, succeeding with them" since I can be pretty stubborn and defensive when I meet with, say, a big-E social media consultant. I will typically tell my consultant, "hey, I don't know what type of person this is but I need to figure out how to work with them better." The consultant asks me some questions and nails it pretty quick. The tough part is that he isn't easy on me--he is usually sympathetic to the person in question and tells me how I can get my act together. :-) The next most important has been "homing in on others' needs" as I used to really put my tech blinders on and assume that everyone would want solution X. So, more listening, more following up with surveys, etc. After that, I often ask him, "I need somebody to help me with X" so he'll point out that I'm looking for an ISTJ or whatever it may be. In fact we recently went over this for some troubles I was having, and it turned out the MBTI type I needed was my wife :-) So that problem disappeared pretty quickly. Surprisingly I've told quite a few people about this guy's MBTI skillset, and the fact that he's certified, and they are extremely skeptical to the point of saying, "well I don't believe in that pseudo-scientific stuff, but thanks anyway." I think it's mostly awkward because this guy's an engineer; his dad was an expert on ceramic heat shields, and he's done a LOT of work & research to arrive at something that works. But some people who should know better just don't want to listen. > and, well, this is not an area where I want to compete on price. Definitely not, since you are local to them, you speak their language, you can be there to work on their stuff, and you are part of their network which they can hit up to find other useful people. I have several friends who run local IT businesses or do IT freelancing. One thing I've noticed is that it's very easy for them to make enough for their needs by maintaining systems, but they all understand that it's optimal to be seen as a profit-builder. When I was doing freelance IT work (for a short period while my web stuff built up) I noticed that I could often do cursory research on the fields my clients worked in, and easily pitch them on things that would help them out. For example, I would say, "hey, have you seen this new CRM software for non-profits" and "hey have you seen that this web hosting firm offers free hosting for non-profits" and I'd build projects off of that--rolling in a system upgrade, doing in-person training, etc. If I were to go back to that today, I'd make sure they knew that they needed to pay me an extra $ monthly to support the new cool thing. People are used to that and want to invest in profit-makers. Both sides benefit. One thing I can highly recommend is giving your clients "good, better, best" estimates. For example tell them, "I can fix it with duct tape for $, I can keep this from happening again for $$, and I can hook up this cool new solution called X for $$$." You might be surprised how many clients will go straight for the top. The clients who always stick around the bottom will become more obvious about it, and you'll learn to work with them more effectively, too. I pay him. Although the first time we met he told me his goal was to make me 10x his fees back in profits and he accomplished that pretty handily. :) Hmm..this might be enough to get me to try Ruby. Looks neat and I've been wanting to learn the language. I hate dependency plumbing but this looks like it might work out of the (my) box. Back in the 1990s there used to be computer magazine ads for this. The ads included spaces for you to hand-write various letters and numbers. Anybody remember that? Mail it in and they mail you back a font. Right now the publicity--the "Yahoo! is doing something new and interesting and helpful" is exactly what I'd want to see as a shareholder. And as an employee. And as someone with a Yahoo! login. Keep in mind that Yahoo's old enemy at this point is the idea that they are doing nothing new, nothing interesting. This feeling is what necessitates the acqui-hires and leads to new CEOs and low stock prices. Man, how do people do stuff like that in Excel? And does it feel like a design problem that's a good fit for Excel? Just curious. Me too. I use Machform and love that it's not tied to WordPress, because I use ProcessWire most of the time. WordPress...sigh AROS is an Amiga thing, right? What makes you want to run that in 2013? Just wondering what I may have missed, as a former Amiga owner. What machine do you run Ubuntu on, or is it in a VM? What do you like about 13.04? I have it on a machine here but I mostly do 3D animation work on it, and don't really interact much with the Ubuntu-ness. "I don't have to answer that." They can't compel you to answer, but good luck landing that job. Who specified that either one of those conditions was true? If it's an example, let's be honest: If the employer is not desperate they may not respond well to being told that their question didn't pass muster. Real people who are struggling to find work are asked these questions, and real people are being discriminated against by not answering. If I understand this correctly, the guy who started Oakley (eyewear) went on to start RED (the 4K digital movie camera). Now he is bowing out and handing the reins over to a younger guy. And he is annoyed that people get annoyed with him. Anything else I should know? > Shadow profiles of me are showing up on services I'd never use willingly because my friend shared their address book with Facebook. Is that really so bad? The worst I've seen is "this is a picture of John" which is not an abuse that's limited to social networks. And if this happens really often, you can complain to your friend about it. And if you can't complain to your friend, you can complain to abuse. And if abuse doesn't do anything (not likely) you can send a legal notice. To jump from "a friend can mention me, talk about me, etc." to "there is no privacy anymore" is...well, I just can't get there, sorry. Do we have privacy problems? Yes. Are these examples really selling that? No. I can't remember any case in which a friend sold me out for a trinket; if you do have a common example, cite it. That would really help us all here. I'm just beginning to learn about scraping--how common is it for companies (even those with junk APIs or none at all) to take these sorts of actions against scrapers? Division with Roman numerals being a nightmare was not obvious to me. That was my first friction point here :-) > There was a time when numbers like "4/5", "-2", "0", and "√5" made people freak out because we didn't have the symbols to represent them Who freaked out, and how could they freak out if they could not behold these numbers in the first place (i.e. no symbolic representations)? > without drawing a shape that somehow encoded that number Recommend you use "represented that number" because encoding has a strong, separate type of meaning to me. > Now, pop quiz: how do you represent something like "0" or "-2" in this world? If you were a Roman using Roman numerals, how would you represent "4/5"? For "0" I would have made an empty box, out of strings if necessary. For the -2 I would have placed two of the strings in a different location. For the Roman numeral conundrum I would have placed IV and then a line and then a V below that. Now, I just solved your conundrums. Or didn't I? To really speak to beginners it's important to delve into this stuff. So far I have not discovered why our number system is so great, and I don't feel like I'm freaking out about anything in particular. :-) Thanks for your writeup, though. I hope you can turn it into a book for people like me. --Designer guy who is not super great at math > Of course, one downside is that it’s not ideal for people with families. Some of the best people I’ve ever worked with have kids, and unfortunately wouldn’t be able to do this. I have a friend who travels the world with his kids. I'm sure it takes a bit more organization, and they aren't exactly jumping here and there every other week, but man, how I envy those kids. Two thoughts: I'd love it if there was a website or book that discussed these big websites' workings in depth. Not just "here's this cool thing we built and an interview with the tech lead" but "here's how authors enter content" to "here are the problems we encountered while templating" to "here's what we wish we had built-into our software stack". Secondly, a couple years ago I went directly to a "we are really good at Django" web host to try learning Django, but the amount of plumbing required was really annoying. I asked a Django-using acquaintance to send me his documentation on deploying Django-driven apps on this host, and I received a four-page Word document packed to the gunnels with instructions. :-/ I really want to try out Django though so I guess I'll swallow my pride. That "blueprint" in the video is pulled right out of thin air. Sort of the pinnacle of the "we live in a scientific world and I don't know science so I'm making this up as an excuse for my intuition" thing. Sure it does. Similar to roman characters--you can see the green button at lower left is using a sans-serif font. > and now I know not to trust you. Was that part really necessary? How basic, and what qualifies as research? http://thinkinghard.com/blog/AmateurTheoreticalScience.html > In recent times, science has become very professionalised. Many of the steps in the list above serve specifically to maintain high professional standards. For example, step 5 – complete a Ph.D. – is a way of measuring an individual's likelihood of making significant contributions to scientific knowledge. Ah, so that was a response to the commenter's "trust me" remark. Perhaps "why should I trust you over some thousands of grad students," but it's difficult to gauge the amount of thought or research the commenter puts into "trust me," which is thrown around pretty liberally in modern English. When a friend says, "trust me, don't drink the water," and clearly his experience with water was not representative, if you want to keep the friend you're probably better off addressing it as a water quality issue instead of a trust issue. I'd say let the trust subject pass, and probably also save vocabulary like "utterance" for your enemies, or people wearing sith lord halloween costumes, etc. "You [use a highlighter and] break the whole article down into two or three or four or thirty-two sub articles that are basically ideas...and this looks like a regress, but it's only a finite regress, because you this gigantic article and you break it down into a group of simpler, more obvious points, and you keep going until you arrive at the end, and that's a great way of reading about cognitive science without wanting to stab yourself." Will we get to the point where people will be giving the finger to anyone not in a self-driving car, because it messes with e.g. optimum traffic flow? Well, opening the door to view the awesome forest fire in the distance is probably inconvenient. Plus you know...the billboard lobby ;-) I've been forcing myself to use it, but not in an unhealthy way. I just picked up a side project that excited me (new subdomain blog driven by a static site generator) and decided I'd only work on it in Vim. I'm learning lots, because that's all I've got to work with. But I think it's important to consider the circumstances under which you "force" yourself to use it. If I had decided to use it for work, I calculated that I would have lost $300 this week, which is painful even if I earn back more in saved time later. I actually did that with Linux, and the initial loss of efficiency was more than offset later by a functional knowledge of a variety of really cool software packages. This is so true. I was wondering if the service makes avatars for you (if so, what do they look like?), stores them for you (if so, how many at what cost?), or if it sorts them for you, finds them for you, etc. As a graphic designer who clicked: Darn. Is there any imagery or video available that shows the white-hot glow happening? China has a bunch of "UAV" versions of their J-6. Pretty cool looking without a cockpit. http://i.imgur.com/B9yXf.jpg I see a bunch of dark missiles. Where is the glowing white one? If you rethink the description/title, you'll probably be inclined rethink the way you write the articles themselves. It makes me wonder if we'll see a change from "good writing" to "quick, digestible nuggets of information served without nuance" that's even more striking than the current content landscape. When Google makes strong decisions like this, it really opens up the playing field to others who have different ideas and may not even need to court advertisers. I thought this was going to be about all the sites on Tumblr that read like the copy was finalized on a napkin, make you hunt for tiny navigation arrows, and yet end up being full of some pretty cool stuff that shows up in Google results. Edit: It's still kind of a cool idea anyway. I recently contacted a guy about his Perl-driven site to ask him how the plumbing worked, just because it looked like it was still going strong based on code that was written in 1995 and maintained to this day. There's something cool and comforting about seeing sites that aren't powered by Node or Wintersmith or some other zippy new thing--especially if they have become really popular for some reason or another. Great. I really hope that like 100% of jerk drivers do not find out about this. Never let people merge in front of you...geez man, really? Trigger alert: Experiments on animals > OSS probably made me a humbler developer, too. I know what it means patching even small portions of code and I’m less harsh when posting bugs on others’ repositories. That's definitely going to spill over into his day-to-day life, looking at my own experience. And such behavior does make you a better person. Agreed. Thank you for writing stuff I agree with. I wish he could have given better examples of this phenomenally performant system-oriented mindset. I came away with more questions than answers, the biggest question being "why can't we substitute one extremely general term (system) with, say, an amalgam of three descriptive ones?" Yeah, not sure why it's not throwing a bunch of jQuery errors in the console Those stools...where do you put your knees?? Very nice to see a blog post with this headline that isn't full of sarcasm or finger-wagging or self praise. It was a good reminder to me that positive messages, simply put, are worth the little time it takes to write them. I need to keep more of my own rants in my drafts folder. :-) Thanks Guido! Same question here. I hit all kinds of keys and didn't see any difference. The author has been writing his honest feelings about things for years. He has gained a lot of trust for doing that. It's not spam, it's a product review by a guy who is known for being honest and generally a good person. For artists and designers it's also important to see reviews by actual artists and designers rather than people who may not have been compensated for their reviews and only review published specifications and an hour of light, purposeless mixed use. So Ionic is big on AngularJS...is AngularJS pretty hard to learn? It seems complicated. Say if my only framework experience was a few blogs with Python and PHP frameworks plus some average JS & jQuery experience. What a great article. I loved the Chinese idiom too (or whatever you call those four-character things). It's funny, I was watching a video on this today: http://www.wimp.com/getfit/ That made me feel a bit more realistic about life. :-) When you say, "WTF is happening," are you asking if there is some new and unique DDOS situation underway? I couldn't tell if that was the case (or if this is a pretty typical daily graph) just by looking at the linked site. >> if programmers don't > Every single part of that statement is false. Your programmers should be Uhh...you're saying they "should be worrying" and he's saying they don't have to be. Those are not mutually exclusive positions. > As far as more features being helpful when you use them and harmless when you don't, well, that's inaccurate too Second time you made a statement after this fashion--I see the pattern. Your position is that Spolsky is not allowed to write about things that other people do that are wrong. > So no, I don't think bloatware is a "mental health problem". I think it's a real issue Pretty sure Spolsky feels that way too! What an argument. >>Google says - no can do, you can not be anonymous with us. Where does Google say that? Is it as direct as you put it, or is it to be inferred from a constantly changing variety of experiences with Google services and settings? >> The solution is not to read absolutely no news at all. A question: What makes you think so? I've gone months and years at a time without reading any news; it's a fantastic feeling, and if something is really important you'll hear about it from a friend. Just as "read less HN" may not be applicable to everyone, "you should probably keep reading the news" may not apply to others, or at least others may have had positive experiences quitting the consumption of news media. Scary, I know ;-) I use (hourly) both regular GMail and apps for domains, and I haven't noticed anything like that. A minute to open an email seems like it would be really noticeable, too. Jamiroquai but no Incognito? How do these people sleep at night? ;-) VLC can do many neat things, but I never, ever saw it as a replacement for Winamp. It's more like a toolkit, or at least the multi-tool you fall back on to do a variety of things. Just got it running with the D-Reliction skin using Wine in Ubuntu. Then the first song it picks on shuffle is all, "numa numa yey"...haha, man, I'll bet they've had so many downloads today. lol I ended up seeing a lot of glitches too, to the point where the player buttons stopped responding. I might still run it in a Windows VM. The lite version seems OK though. One of the key "all is well" arguments here seems to be that Google could lose a significant chunk of search/ad market share by losing Firefox to Bing. Are there any "danger, danger" arguments that directly address the amount Google spends on Firefox in relation to the market share it gains in return? This TNW article seems keen to point out that Firefox is wearing a shiny pair of handcuffs, but conveniently leaves out the other half of the equation. This coverage is going to get him more than 8KE worth of blog visitors. Particularly the "hey, this little blogger was sharp enough to uncover some real weird stuff on the part of SG" angle. Blog readers eat that up. By "little blogger" I don't mean to compare him to other bloggers. I meant that he's little in comparison to French banks. That was really fun to read and consider. >> We can produce a vision of the web that isn’t based on: consolidation privatization power hierarchies surveillance Is our current vision of the web really based on those things? Crazy to think about. What is it about this quote that makes you feel it should be cited throughout future history? Just curious. Media reports relying on materials that Snowden leaked should credit him by name within the first two paragraphs, and he should get credits against potential U.S. jail time for every article of this kind published to mass media. I don't like that millions are reading headlines and going, "holy cow whoa geez" and lining up their political thinking accordingly, without ever knowing that Snowden, completely locked out of the U.S. or any western country at this point is the one who provided the information in question. The buried story here is that somebody is running e17 and there's no screenshot of the memory analyzer UI doing a backflip. I'm familiar with some similar situations here in California. Families where codependency somehow pulls everyone together despite struggling under the yoke of alcoholism, mental illness, early pregnancies, physical and sexual abuse by various in-laws and other distant relatives, etc. You can pull the children away from the parents, but all of the teaching remains and the children go on to slide into the same situations. Those who get out of the cycle (which actually happens more often than I expected) seem to need every resource that their communities provide, just to stay afloat. The author of the article seems upset at the city government for their finger-wagging approach toward forcing the homeless along some path to success, and I would just add that when winter comes around and people still aren't moving up your ramp to success, it's time to err on the side of charity. https://wiki.theory.org/YourLanguageSucks Other groups of people who are "set upon from all sides": The poor, members of minority groups, politicians, attorneys...well actually this list keeps on going. My Hardest Kick (dolflundgren.com) The Stasi perfected the technique, but that doesn't mean that anybody who uses it is on par with the Stasi. Psyching people out is natural human behavior. Heck, even Arnold Schwarzenegger figured out that stealing Mike Katz' lucky shirt before a competition might take off a few points. Applebaum is probably less worried about his stuff being moved around to harass him and more worried about obtaining new computer hardware and a new place to live at this point. I really doubt that the main purpose of this attack was harassment. >You cite that guy as some kind of super centered human? Where did I do that? >And you tell us it's not harrassment... just astonishing. Just no. Again you misread me. It may be harassment, but what was my point about harassment? Read again please. > if use of the technique (and similar) is why the Stasi is as maligned as it is, then surely using the technique does put you on par? So, if the Stasi does something, and it is the reason they are maligned, and I do the same thing at all to any degree, you're saying I'm on par with the Stasi? Please help me understand your sentence. >What would it take to put you on par then? Well, let's back up and look at the sport of golf, where the term "par" is commonly used. If I play the game, I'm golfing. Does that put me on par with Tiger Woods? No. In order to be on par with Tiger Woods, I need to be right up there matching Tiger Woods. The argument that the _use of a technique_ puts the invaders (whoever they are) on par with the Stasi is fallacious. If you want to use hyperbole, go ahead. But don't claim it's logical just because it feels good. > Is there any evidence there ever will be? Yeah, I think the story was posted here recently. They signed somebody but can't say who it is yet, just that they're "big". There were some hints that the appeal had to do with Android being a big deception built around the "open" concept. As a mostly-hobbyist 3D artist, I'm already feeling really left out when I look at my relatively poor GPU vs. the capabilities of the rendering software that I use. If this fever has already started to seep down to my level, I certainly wouldn't predict against continued growth of the GPU computing world. I thought this post by the developer of Cheetah3D for Mac was interesting: http://www.cheetah3d.com/forum/showpost.php?p=79977&postcoun... He's basically dumbfounded by the current situation :-) ------------- SEEKING WORK - Based in Northern California ------------- Marc Carson Email: marc[at]marccarson[dot]com Skype: friendlyskies Web Work: http://www.marccarson.com/portfolio Illustration & GFX: http://www.flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice Other Creative Projects: http://www.friendlyskies.net ------------- Web Design / Light Development / Illustration Currently scheduling one to two months out ------------- Specialties: ProcessWire CMS Builds CMS Builds for Small- to Medium-Sized Businesses Visual Design (Including Responsive Design, CSS Work) Logo Design Typography Illustration Semantic HTML5 and SEO work Responsive Support Video Training for Business Staff ------------ About Me: I have been building websites since 1996. I love the way a strong, lightweight CMS turns a website into a platform for integrating all sorts of fun ideas and technologies. I estimate that I have helped create 25 new jobs in the past 5 years by building custom CMS workflows that help my clients move their marketing and business tasks online. Most of my clients like keeping me in a webmaster role, as I am a strong generalist and can suggest and manage third-party resources where needed. I am an award-winning "full-stack artist", draw and design like an animal, and get high marks for aesthetic design work from my clients. I'm also a former college-level instructor, and my clients like the way I give friendly, helpful support. If you need strong visual design with strong thinking behind it, from someone who is technically-minded and can contribute with code as needed, that's my sweet spot. It seems like the "from around the world" part isn't really up and running yet. I expected to see some of my local SF Bay Area ISPs on the map, but it's only showing some European ISPs right now. Further I wondered what the qualifications for DIY might be--individual-level shared networks or the typical small business thing? Next I wondered why it was so important to know about FDN attending some conference, vs. spending more time explaining in basic terms what they do and what they plan to do. Anyway, seems like a neat idea. Does sync really work well for you? I had crazy problems syncing Tomboy in the past, but that was ~4 years ago. That's exactly what I do. I go through lots of Miquelrius notebooks like this one: http://www.amazon.com/Miquelrius-Wirebound-Notebook-6-Subjec... I use Freemind sometimes, too, for example when I have a huge project in front of me and I need to get a quick sense of the various parts and their sub-tasks. I apply little icons like a bomb with a lit fuse for "waiting on client", green checkmark for "done," etc. I've never paid that much for one, but if a local store sold them I'd be more than happy to oblige. They are very thick as notebooks go, so I get a lot of use out of them. I know what you mean about the pen thing, too :-) I review pens and pencils from time to time on my personal site: http://www.friendlyskies.net/category/stationery/ My concern is more along the lines of a sudden injection of tons of energy causing the CentOS ecosystem some extreme growing pain. That could filter down to individual service providers' servers becoming less reliable or even just needing more frequent attention, which would be painful enough. If you have a web presence of your own and run analytics software, it's probably easy to check if your doctor googled you. In fact, several times I've met with people who told me "I saw your site on the web before!" when I already know that they googled me last night and viewed three pages on my website. It's tempting to follow up with, "how do you like your Android tablet with 1920x1080 resolution running the Opera browser?" One of my worst clients told me at our first meeting that he had viewed every single page on every website I ran, and he had this habit of starting off subsequent meetings by saying, "I reviewed every single page of the development site," etc. when the logs showed in each case that he had viewed at most three or four pages. It appeared that he was using every possible tactic to absolutely dominate any discussion or potential negotiation. I finally called his previous vendor and determined after a short discussion that the guy was a big liar, and helped him find a new vendor shortly thereafter. A toaster oven with small bread pans also works great and is more versatile for about $10 more. Among other things I made sweetbread this way for several months when I was in college using instant pancake mix mixed with cracked wheat. > Do you think the NSA, or whoever else for that matter, would actually care What made you think that's the point of this? This isn't about convincing the NSA of anything. >Why does it need to be an all or nothing proposition? This can depend on personality, circumstances, etc. IMO if someone is stuck in a rut and decides the only way out is a complete polar switch, good for them. At least they are making a change for what they feel is the better. They might already know that they don't do well with half-switches and tend to fall back into the same orbit. Or they might just be really overwhelmed in general and find the feel of small yet firm changes appealing. It can be annoying to have to put up with others' all-or-nothing viewpoints, but it can still be useful to appreciate that their perspective might be informed by experiences that differ from our own. My wife does the bookkeeping for my business; she has the perfect personality for it, being financially minded and very much a details person. She was second-in-command to a CFO back when we were both working for other companies, and the CFO told me once that she basically ran the entire company's finances for him. I definitely wouldn't call this outsourcing so much as a huge lucky break. Every time I see her updating our accounts software (she prefers the simplicity of AceMoney to Quicken), I feel relieved. Lately I've thought a lot about this: If I didn't have a tax person, a bookkeeper, a good freelance web developer friend, and a business consultant, I estimate that I would have gone out of business (a third time) about five years ago. The first and second times I failed in my businesses I had none of those things. Now I'm finding even more people to share the load whenever I find myself "in the grip of my inferior function" (Meyers-Briggs talk). The alternative seems to be depression, anxiety, and everything that comes with that. Man, tough read, having been away from academia! I tried to write up what would be, according to the paper, pretty much the most effective Kickstarter pitch ever: "We are domain experts on Christina Aguilera, and we've teamed up with one of the top production teams to shoot a full documentary WITH her participation!!! We're so excited!!! Everyone who has pledged will get our incredible supporter rewards package. In addition, when you sign up at level 2, we'll mention your name in the credits and you'll receive two VIP tickets to our premiere. That's right--you'll be able to hang out with tons of top industry experts and performers! We have spared no expense and our friends in the industry are excited to see the result. This option won't last long (expires on February 1) so grab the chance to lock in these extra goodies while you have the opportunity. All that plus the good old-fashioned karma you'll receive by being a supporter. We've also learned that a wave of people from website X just pledged. This is so incredibly humbling and awesome! Your pledges will go a long way toward enhancing the creative potential of people everywhere. Thanks also for your support and encouragement on Twitter, Facebook, and every other social network where we have a presence. I'm off to feed my cat and tell him the good news. Thanks again everybody!" It may also help if you're what's known as an "outward introvert." This topic is discussed in the book "the highly sensitive person" where introverts are basically dissected along the lines of "outward" and "inward." I would consider myself an "outward introvert" (like an extrovert except I pay a bit more dearly for it after the fact) and have no problem with public speaking, teaching, etc. I have a good friend who is an "inward introvert" and she avoids anything even close to speaking to a group. Things that help me with public speaking when I don't wanna: 1) Extra sleep (a nap an hour before the speaking opportunity kicks in just like medication) 2) Extra preparation (50% more material than I can address in the time allotted) 3) A conversation about any nervousness with my wife (but any close friend ought to work) 4) Calming music just before the event. (BTW, all of the above would even apply to a simple bike ride, for someone with real social anxiety) My dad used to give public speeches about two to three times each month. People were continually inviting him to speak more about his areas of interest. I asked him how he got over his nervousness. He said that the best way is to get yourself in a position where you have to get up and do it over and over again. That made me laugh. If you have to start in front of a class rather than a "real" audience, maybe that's more comfortable, but either way you've got to accumulate the experience. "Seemingly overnight, [San Francisco] has filled up with phone-scrolling, blank-faced wanderers (particularly in my neighborhood). I prefer a taco to a vintage glasses store any day." I guess all those people I follow on Tumblr aren't real artists :-( Thanks Joel. I use a slightly similar, more general framework--I only write down tasks that take less than 2 minutes to accomplish, and I never write down a task without a time estimate attached. http://www.marccarson.com/articles/how-i-keep-myself-on-targ... What about purchasing DDG? Is that off the table? I don't know much about how that might work. Why would they do that? It seems like disabling IMAP would drive away huge numbers of users and give their competition more advantage. Whoa, that's even better than I thought it would be. Thanks. First, watch this webinar or get Mike's book. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJ7WHuvdsjI It's a powerful combination of principles and elements of design that should leave you feeling ready to head off in more specific directions. OK, let's say he shells out $50 CDN for an OpenBSD 5.4 CD from the OpenBSD website. Will installing that solve this guy's specific problems? He didn't mention SSH, firewalls, or elegant mail servers, so I thought I'd ask. As a designer, this reminds me of "men, here's how to talk to women." Funny. The term is still in use; I think it's usually meant to imply a deeper level of ownership, a la sysadmin. A few times a year people contact me saying they need a webmaster, and the way they describe their needs, I wouldn't say that "developer" really covers it. Google fonts is incredibly frustrating as soon as you look beyond skin-depth. For one, it's annoying to use Google Fonts for professional work, because more often than not the font you want to use is available in only one weight, or it's missing an italic style, etc. So, you walk in thinking you're going to come out with a terrific type solution for your client or project, and you walk out realizing you are effectively being upsold by a type designer. Not that it's a terrible thing. Now, let's say you look at the full catalog of commercial fonts. What's happening is a sort of acceleration of fashion. No sooner did the squared serif font come into style than it is on its way out. People are designing new fonts, other people are enjoying the new stuff, and the old stuff gets pushed out (not completely, ever, but enough that your average designer starts to really get annoyed seeing the same old fonts). So this tool is probably a great thing--it should help boost the industry and it will also put more downforce on the value of the same old junk that has been around forever. So if you are really OK with standard fonts, or plan to use free fonts forever, there should be an increase in the amount of that stuff that is available for you to use. This should also help commercial fonts take hold. People will start to notice fonts more, and they will start to understand the difference between the amount of work that goes into paid fonts vs. unpaid. Fonts are not a solved problem by a long shot. > Fox News and CNN are not any better Yes, they actually are. Imagine if Fox got state sponsorship, renamed itself to "America Today" and set up shop in Russia, trying to create viral pro-US content under a generic "AT" banner. Even people here in the state would go bonkers over it, and many of them would be Fox audience members. You can say there's propagandizing going on, but to really examine the two next to one another there's no comparison. > You think you exactly know what's happening in Ukraine and who's to blame? I wouldn't be that sure. I think that's a broader point that doesn't stick anything to any particular news agency either. IMO if you want to say people should back up and examine the news more closely, you shouldn't do it from a shaky "all is propaganda at the same level as RT" podium. The MiG-31 and Viggen stories have a lot of shaky details, like whether their AAMs could have even reached the SR-71 with 20K vertical feet left to cover, etc. Radar lock notwithstanding. Now the story of the ballistic climb with the Lightning seems cut from the same cloth, with even the current Wikipedia reading "88,000" yet "trading speed for altitude." What does it really matter, when a mach 2.0 craft like the lightning reaches 88K feet, yet is trading speed for altitude? The comments on the article are enlightening; for example: "The multi-component surveillance mission never, ever, reported any "lock-on" by any aircraft, from any nation" Hmm... Flashback, 2008: Intel Employee Caught Running OLPC News Site http://news.slashdot.org/story/08/01/12/1424209/intel-employ... The comments there are enlightening. It seems the website (the very website linked here) was established in order to spread mostly-negative news about the OLPC. The main author was in a partnership with Intel. Intel had (has?) a competing product aimed at education: The Classmate PC. So it's no wonder this is the first site to report "OLPC is dead." Maybe it is, but it was a worthy humanitarian project and some paid shills were strafing it from this blind for its entire lifecycle. Edit: Seems like about half the articles on the site are laughably negative. Pretty great wolf-in-sheep infowar here. I organized one of my bookcases by spine color. It's a really easy way for me to find books because I can just think of a book and the spine color comes to mind. Furthermore, because the colors are grouped, my eye goes to the right section instantly. This may not work for everybody, but I love the speed of access and the way my bookshelf looks as a result. Edit: I have done this with my icons in the past, too: http://flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice/3753844018/ How much of your productivity gain from the 3x32" screens is attributable to extra space for persistent applications (i.e. always keeping an IDE open on screen N)? Just curious. NSA is a given if you are using the internet , and it seems like Google _may_ be a given depending on your circumstances (i.e. did you just steal their stuff, etc.). So what else should be stopping this person with high technological competence from using Gmail? And what alternative do you use that's better? Really curious. Websites that hackers enjoy looking at often use bright colors overall + blue + stricter hierarchy than most (e.g. lots of boxes and a firm plan for nesting information). You might also enjoy: http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/ Blue has been discussed to death, and bright colors are never ideal to everybody, but the sense of hierarchy is the standout requirement to me. Hackers can't get enough of it. I'd guess this is because of the typical ST personality type (Meyers-Briggs). If you're making edits directly to source pixel layers (or even making duplicate flattened layers and working on those), you're doing it wrong. That seems like a rather absolutist statement. I work with PS CC and its great features all day at work but I guess I still remember the fantastic work that was done before those features existed. I have colleagues who still edit their photos using the apparently-despised techniques you mentioned, and despite "doing it wrong" they manage to make a great living off their photography work. When I was teaching PS at my local college, I allowed my students to try out alternative software packages for extra credit. Some of my brightest students walked away from those classes happy that they could do everything they needed to do with GIMP, even though they knew all about non-destructive editing. > I can think of plenty of examples where I've written up intricate math notes and made them into blog posts that never got any page views because they were so hyper-specific He's probably talking about a certain set of topics that he knows are of general interest. With that said, if he could make them more interesting to the general public by adding a few lines of context, I'm sure he'd do that too. Back in 1995 I went on a Boy Scout camping trip with a couple of scout leaders who were absolutely addicted to Steven R. Covey and who knows how many other self-help books. One of the leaders was a surgeon; the other, a business leader. As we listened to them giggling and comparing Covey notes in their tent late into the night, we started to make up our own special set of jokes about synergizing and win-win situations. Today, I think there really is something to all that Covey stuff. But I try to remember that not everyone around me really gives a care, and they still seem to get things done just fine. The Facebook part is right. The Twitter part really depends on what "go to" means. They may not scroll back far enough to see your last post, and thus may not see the post at all, but I believe it's shown in the feed of 100% of your followers. I'd be interested to know otherwise. My own reach through Twitter is about half as good as it is on FB, and I have followers who seem way more interested in what I do than my FB fans. On FB, I seem to have way more success posting things personally than I do on my business page. Edit: I post my stuff to Google+ too, especially groups that seem like there's some interest in the subject of my post. I'm happy enough with the results (from my analytics) that I'll keep doing it. Facebook is right in the middle of pissing off just about everyone with a FB page, and Oculus is all excited about advancing VR by pairing with Facebook. Seriously, a simple geek campaign like "let's call it the Facebook Oculus from now on" would probably have a good chance at destroying the project. It's not that I personally have anything against either FB or Oculus, but it seems like a huge business risk to everyone involved. The one point that sticks out as a plus is the "this will advance VR no matter what" point. You can safely bet (probably) that this will contribute to the future of VR. Funny, I was doing some work in iTerm2 today and I found this really nice reference for OS X: http://ss64.com/osx/ "A-Z Index of the Apple OS X Command Line" The new one for me today was "ditto," which I immediately googled to see if there was a linux equivalent (there is, and it seems to be 'cp -Rp --parents src/ dest/'). Edit: Compared to the OP link I like that it doesn't truncate words arbitrarily to wrap lines :) Edit2: Lo and behold, a bash version: http://ss64.com/bash/ ...and a Windows version! http://ss64.com/nt/ I like to see that. Useful site, with more at http://ss64.com/ (no relation to me) More Super Soldier stuff. I was reading in a book by a Green Beret who served in Vietnam, where he mentioned a new type of grenade launcher they received that had a faster rate of fire than the standard one. I thought, "oh this is going to be exciting, he's leading up to something here" but what the author lead up to was a description of the extreme strain on the guy who was lugging the thing around through the hot jungle. First he begged to be allowed to bury the extra grenades and then after doing that asked (IIRC) if he could just leave the weapon behind--they were being pursued by Viet Cong. Ever since I read that, I look at the Super Soldier stories in a different light. These guys are alpha-testing stuff that could just as easily get them killed. Having worn contacts I can only imagine the type of reaction this might get from someone who has served in dusty or polluted areas. Edit: Didn't mean to sound grouchy :D http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"> xmlns=" http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see http://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/sou... for the code.--> http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"> http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/> - no title specified http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/> name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2014-04-10T12:09:56.750408000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/> http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/> http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/> http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/> http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/> @page { } table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show } td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;} h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both } ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;} li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;} li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; } span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; } span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000; margin:0; border:0; padding:0; } * { margin:0;} .P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; } .T1 { font-style:italic; } .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol { } I don't get the point either. Plus, Markdown has its own set of annoying rules. Most software will already export to HTML, too, like LibreOffice. Nice work, so glad to see someone doing work in this area. Thanks for sharing it. It was a little disorienting (as a novice Vim user) to press return after labeling a node, only to create a new node, which then remains as an empty node after I switched back to normal mode. But for all I know, that's the whole point of...something :-) They have a Visual Design Engineer position? That's unique. My high school art teacher absolutely hated Bob Ross, and routinely encouraged us to look beyond symbol and watch out for "happy little trees" appearing in our paintings. But somehow I can't fault Bob Ross even now that I'm doing professional graphics & illustration work, and maybe the last line of this article explains why. There was a bigger picture and a more substantial social contribution that didn't really have anything to do with the art style. I had a frustrating moment while using my video camera in Sicily where I couldn't back up any further, didn't have my wide-angle lens, and decided to just shoot & stitch later. Hugin did a great job turning the slices into an acceptable (even if imperfect) shot later. https://www.flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice/4076794508/ leviathant is correct. My art teacher started each beginner class with a survey that asked students to draw "a house," "an eye," "a tree," etc. He then compared the typical student's drawings with real photographs by pointing out the differences in proportions, "you couldn't even walk through this door," etc. In general he related things back to symbol vs. reality, the way the brain falls back on abstraction and its unique symbol-vision, and then showed us how a study of proportion and negative space gave us more practical creative power than we had back in symbol-land. He would put a bunch of chairs and objects on a table, wrap it in plastic, and say, "let's all draw that. Start with the negative space." This all goes back to Dr. Betty Edwards' works. In my experience I was even better at analyzing and approaching cartoony, symbolic styles after this practice than I was before. Edit: Getting back to your question :) I think my art teacher was annoyed by an attitude of "how cool is Bob Ross--look, he's sharing his tree technique where he uses a fan brush," kind of squandering (in his opinion) an opportunity to finally show the public how to see, an opportunity to equip them with useful mental tools for approaching any kind of art. Like any other element used in well-designed communication, the stock photography choice should be appropriate . If you live in Japan for any serious length of time, you might start to yearn for more handsome white guys in your ads. (Plus what's this stuff about old, fat, and ugly? That's kind of a weird one to see in a post here.) > will probably persist almost unchanged for months The real test of the service will be sites that require constant changing (due to SEO rewards for timely updates as much as upgrades or general content management). When I hear "probably persist almost unchanged for months" I assume you are not in a position to benefit from marketing communication. Bravo. There's also something to be said for persuasion through friendship and tolerance. E pluribus unum and all that. There are many different textures in a good melting pot. ProcessWire is really great. Some people complain that it doesn't have quite the off-the-shelf setup of pre-made modules for e.g. powerful e-commerce or super easy theming, but I think regardless it's an example of the way a CMS/CMF should be written in the 2010s. In fact I approached a developer of one of the early CMSes that is still hanging around, and he was quite interested in migrating to PW as a content management framework backend rather than using an application framework. The CMS part of ProcessWire is built upon the ProcessWire content management API and it's easy to build your own custom back end if you don't like it. With a content management framework (such as PW), so much has already been done for you that you start to wonder why you will ever need an application framework. Of course, application frameworks are very useful but CMFs are not to be missed out on. I just finished writing a project management system using ProcessWire and it's been a lot of fun. Like building-with-Legos fun. I hope to see clones or variants appear in other languages as I'd happily give them a try as I expand my CS education. email Best answer I've seen so far. The takeaway from the guys on the front lines is usually that a full server compromise is rare and that FTP creds were stolen from a client via malware. The result is a simple drive-by that is relatively easy to clean up. I agree it's a great feeling. I started walking 45 minutes a day, 6x a week, a few months ago. My wife convinced me to try it after pointing out that the health benefits were not insignificant (I was mainly biking until then, but losing my enthusiasm because of my rides getting longer and longer and requiring more prep). The gains have been pretty great--in just three months I'm down at my waist by two belt notches and when I get back to work I'm usually in a better mood. Next I just need to conquer this stress eating thing. The exercise has really put my compensatory eating habits into stark relief. Doesn't iOS Safari already do this? You see only the domain name until you take some action to interact with that area at the top of the browser. It seems like there is a gigantic living, breathing ecosystem made of these SSGs now, with Jekyll being the favorite for people who are inclined to seek out the one that has the most stuff written about it, or the largest community. Can't say I disagree with that method of selecting software, either. When I found out about Hugo yesterday, after comparing a list of others which must have been a few weeks too old to include the latest hotness, I almost collapsed at my keyboard. Developed in Go, distributed as a binary. Hokay. So now you can pretty much narrow your choice down to the language, then the software architecture, then the amount of activity on Github, then the license, then the corresponding "ideal website as created by SSG package X" output, then the attitudes of the authors on your favorite social networks, and finally you can probably look up the authors' girlfriends too (don't do that) and compare by girlfriend. On top of that, the static output is dropped into gigantic pools of resources that can scale to an unimaginable degree, can probably handle hundreds of DDOSes at a time, and they probably all validate without so much as a yellow flag. Oh and if you want you can use this tool to write an API, or if you want you can just not build a site with it, because it includes a game of Nibbles which is also static in some funny way, or whatever. It's amazing and absolutely ridiculous at the same time. In some ways it's an almost pornographic exploitation of process that cares approximately 0% about content. But it's also a huge display of generosity and demonstrates some very serious attention to craft. I worked at a software testing firm as a summer job one year while I was still at university. A few of the guys at the firm were refugees from game testing gigs, and they universally said it sucked. So this doesn't surprise me. Their experiences sounded pretty bad at the time, being that at this "superior" job, we worked standing up in a warehouse. Not the greatest working conditions unless you think it's cool enough to be surrounded by computers of every sort. I was really impressed by the guys who had been there for a while--they actually understood what they were doing, like the author of the linked article. If they looked over your shoulder for even a few seconds, it felt like you learned something. One day the higher-ups noticed that I knew how to use a particular kind of software and within an hour I had a raise and a desk inside an air-conditioned office. No chance of doing warehouse work anymore. It was like the feeling you get when you go from a parking garage into a hotel lobby. That put the testing conditions into stark relief--it wasn't really as fun or interesting as I thought it would be. Putting it on my resume afterwards attracted some really boring job offers. But lots of places want cheap QA. The people on top at the testing firm had it pretty much figured out. If their clients wanted to pay for really high-quality testing, they could do that. The resources are there. On the other hand, if they are just getting their software out the door, they can pay weak rates for summer job kids, and tell their developers to yell and scream until they get the more interesting-sounding bugs narrowed down to something actionable. I remember a few irritated emails: "I don't really care that the button is out of alignment," or "I'm not paying for grammar advice," etc. My bad, buddy. Why don't you talk to management about the conditions of your testing contract, and they'll get one of those veterans on the job? So yeah, the customers got what they paid for, too. Yeah, but you'd presumably need to have open source hardware shipped to you, right? And then you'd still need to inspect the hardware / software as shipped, right? RMS was right about a lot of things, but remember that his most important ideas are still waiting on lots of other things to happen first before they become practical. >brav-fucking-o I would have left that part out. Partly because it doesn't really roll off the tongue well, and partly because it comes across as hubris. I love this. I'm excited to share with friends. In fact I looked for a sharing button. Anyway, looks nice. It wouldn't scroll on my iPad and a button for Press at bottom right is cut off, but maybe those are known issues. I agree. I read the post on my Xubuntu machine and was too lazy to open my Mac, so I opened XFCE's Dictionary application and did a search for "flash". Lo and behold, the same definitions appeared. The heading says "The Collaborative International Dictionary of English v.0.48 (gcide)" which I learned is derived from the Webster's 1913 edition and contains further improvements. That was kind of exciting and for at least a little while I'll keep the dictionary open or add it to my panel. :-) It's painful to see how inflexible some of my clients are with their employees. Those that do claim to offer flexible work are clearly holding back in other areas, such as fair pay (for women especially, but everybody in general) and benefits. The turnover rates at these places are just as bad as you'd imagine--they have an amazingly hard time retaining talent. What's left is a core group of cowering individuals who seem to become love-it-or-leave-it evangelists. Having worked for a similar business before leaving to start on my own, it still hurts to think about all the people there who were medicating their work issues, and the speech disorder I started to develop from the unnecessarily punitive environment. A doctor friend told me he was really proud that I quit that job from a health POV. The speech disorder went away almost immediately after I gave notice. This was a company of 35 employees that was making profits of around 40 million a year, IIRC. I look at the environment in which the product was presented and it's just one no-no after another. Check out this photo: http://thenextweb.com/microsoft/2014/05/20/microsoft-unveils... They've picked some awful desaturated blue/green wallpaper image that clashes with the tiles that are supposed to be so great in Windows. Then the tiles themselves have this weird whitespace issue that creates an imbalanced appearance and even allows some tiles to use a right-aligned symbol rather than the default center. To say nothing of the shirt Panay is wearing. Nice and shiny, I'll give it that. Then I watch the MS dubstep ad for this product and it's just a bunch of meaningless flash. You don't even get to see people smiling, just music and lights (dah dah-dah). Oh and a pen writing on the screen, as if that's some miracle of modern technology. You can take notes with pictures in them, too. This is a step up from most Windows laptops, I'm sure, but the presentation really needs improvement. There is amateur work that is so much better than this. Example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugmR9nq3Yiw -- Wacom review done by an Australian cartoonist. I get a smile on my face whenever I see these stories. I read the book "Super Memory - Super Student" by Harry Lorayne when I was at university, and used the techniques to memorize an entire exam study book for a film theory course qualification exam. The entire exam book was (and to some extent, still is, 12 years later) laid out in my mind as a large room through which I rode on a rail, visiting the various locations. Each location corresponded to a set of information. Final exam score, 104 out of 100 possible points (four extra-credit points). And this is just using one of many possible techniques! But alas, you have to decide to use this stuff as it takes some effort and if you're too excited about it, some fear of success can creep in and keep you from your studies. I can speak from experience with the memory palace or peg systems. It's pretty easy to update, especially if you have a sequence of update mechanisms in mind. For example, the first replacement is an explosion, the second is melting, etc. If you have an ace of spades (say, pink elephant) that explodes into little toy killer whales (3 of clubs) then you know that's the first change. To make these stick in my mind I would engage as many senses as possible. What did it sound like when the killer whales hit the floor (did they squeak), what did it feel like in my hands when I picked up a bunch and squeezed them, etc. Yes, I still have two Cybikos in my desk drawer. Dead batteries but I'm sure it wouldn't be hard to get them working. I bought one for myself and one for my soon-to-be wife back in university in early 2002. We had a couple classes together and the ability to chat wirelessly was awesome. It wasn't nearly as cool as the Danger gizmo but you didn't pay monthly for it either. I had a ton of homebrew apps for it and some of them were actually really good. Nobody knew what the thing was and most professors thought it was a calculator with a stylus (which was really the antenna). Edit: I remember using it at graduation, too. My wife was in the audience and I was so engrossed in our Cybiko chat that I took a wrong turn on the stage and ended up getting into the procession line twice. That was embarrassing. Glad I didn't try to use the thing while driving :-) If you are in the U.S., Psychiatrists will often ask who your therapist is. If you are in the U.S. keep in mind that they may be expecting you to work through traditional therapy while they work on your drug regimen. They certainly know how to offer non-drug therapy but many have become medicine coaches due to the way the system works / patient expectations work. Yeah, just as a data point, I look for activity like this (which already exists, all over the place) to decide whether to follow somebody on Twitter. If I see a bunch of what I believe are automated "share stuff and pray" posts, there's no way I'm following. It's also sad to think that people might believe they're getting ahead at social media somehow by essentially running a robo-link service. But maybe I'm missing some part of the equation with this new offering. Perhaps the robo-links weren't relevant enough in the past, and these are extra relevant robo-links. Longer title tag, please. I just bookmarked the site and found "App.js" in my database with no other context :-( Should help with search bots, too, IIRC~ As a novice player, it's frustrating to read stories about players beating other players "by the book," i.e. they know more openings than the other player does, so they play some unexpected opening and just destroy the opponent out of the gate. I guess this is possible in just about any game, not just chess, but it seems to reduce the optimal learning process for a novice to "start memorizing things". Bah. Edit: Not that memorization is bad or boring by necessity, but finding a way to make the memorization fun and interesting is in itself frustrating, knowing that you could learn openings really fast just by brute-forcing the various lines into your brain with things like memory palace techniques. Wow. Did this gold-plated B-2 bomber still fly after the coffee incident? I'm sure the Maps team will be excited to hear about this. On the other hand I wonder what kind of sites this website is competing with. I don't think the site is really best suited to the blog format; maybe it'd be a good idea to rethink the presentation and throw some of the latest SEO strategy in there as well. You can't just make a blog these days and do ordinary blog things and expect to collect the same SERP pension every year. One of the key itches this article scratches is the issue of the hamburger menu that just appears in a design mock because it's how things are done nowadays. It's almost insulting to deal with people who care so little about the "bottom line business metrics" you mention that they throw things in there, like the hamburger, without justification in context. It's not even a question of business metrics at that level. It's simply a question of thinking about how you want people to interact with your website, and a lot of designers (using the term as generically as possible--anybody who is planning a site, be they a graphic designer or developer) don't even get that far. A quick rule of thumb: When a headline appears on the front page at HN, that headline alone is enough of a signal for 99% of HN users. It says, "a number of people are thinking about this. We need to talk about this." Forget what the article says, just read what the headline is shouting from its highly-upvoted position. If you don't like the article, fine. But "let's talk about hamburger menus and practically invisible navigation" is a worthwhile signal. Well, rather than being killed dead, he got a nice writeup by the BBC, which is read by quite a few of his countrymen. I'd say he's taken a wiser path. > "it's on the front page therefore it has merit" I didn't say that. Why the quotes? Nope, not accurate. Yes, I do disagree. No, the paraphrasing is not necessary for discussion (???). Not a biggie in the broader scheme of things though. People are going to vote anyway, so "voting with dollars" is really kind of a bonus option. And maybe to some degree it expresses the de facto effect of dollars on many government officials and government processes. So there's a need to have some money to counterbalance that, and while my $5 won't do much, it's a cumulative result that they're after. At the same time, it's just a simple statement that wraps a "please support non-government groups that are fighting to change government" message. And there's no need to fight Bill Gates because he's not part of the situation at hand. Yeah, that's kind of the throwaway part. I should have said, "Voting already exists as an option". I'd be interested to know what percentage of ACLU members vote, though. Declassified in 1968! Wow. I guess they thought they might use that trick again. I remember reading that they had to develop ways of describing words that didn't exist in Navajo, like "submarine," which became "iron fish." I'm studying Gregg shorthand right now and have thought about this a lot, since there are quite a few words that can't be found in existing word lists. Kind of a fun challenge, but ideally you come up with something that somebody else could figure out on their own while reading your shorthand. Even though the Navajo were talking in code, things like "iron fish" turned out the same way--easy to remember and easy to decipher if you knew the language, because at that level, facilitating communication was more important than the overly defensive word-guarding stuff. See e.g.: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%81 Also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navajo_phonology Gutsy move, posting to HN about a security vulnerability at Amazon. And using WordPress to do it. I'll bet this guy loves playing on cliffs, too. I don't know what kind of freelancing you plan to do, but for me the method of moving to freelancing that worked (after two failed attempts) was connecting with veteran freelancers as quickly as possible. I became the technical resource for a creative agency by just calling them up and asking them if they needed technical help. From there it was a matter of being responsive to their communications, helping them look smart in front of their clients by feeding them ideas, and giving them flexibility--trying not to say "no" too often, even after seeing their pie-in-the-sky Photoshop mockups. Since then, I've expanded my opportunities by reaching out to my competition to build friendships and explore ways of working together. I found my (limited) corporate background a bonus because I was used to working on a relatively productive team (edit: so I could basically pull a team of freelancers together and bid on a large project as a group of independents), and a liability because I tended to think "I could always go back to the corporate world" instead of taking every opportunity to figure out how I might make self-employment work. It wasn't until I hired a business coach (a former SV corporate guy himself) that I started to learn how to make the whole thing psychologically/emotionally sustainable. There are opportunities to write your own failure narrative around every corner. :-) Sure thing. porkfriedriceplease [symbol] yahoo Ha. :-) Yeah, no problem. porkfriedriceplease [de] yahoo marccarson.com/articles (occasional freelancer-oriented content) Has our obsession with technology created this expectation of hiring "fire and forget" agencies that work like perfect little robots, do all the killing, and then leave no upsetting damage in their wake? I'm unsure about that myself, but when I see humans attempt to hire (on the one side) or act like (on the other side) humans that will supposedly behave just like computer software and only do what they are told, I really wonder what sort of things have established that expectation. That reminded me of the waterboarding demo on the news years back, where the torturers played popular music on the stereo while they administered the torture. Not sure if that's a real thing, but it made an uncomfortable news segment even more uncomfortable. There is an article about this in the most recent net Magazine issue. The example given made sense but was just edge-casey enough that I came away thinking that normal CSS was probably good enough for me. Plus GSS usage seemed like a bear given the minor advantages. I got that too. I was surprised to realize that I felt ready to completely give up on the language after seeing only that message. Yo, I read HN. I got this. > These days, every fly by night business can have a slick logo As a logo designer, I'm surprised at how much I think this is true but don't actually observe it much. It does happen, but the majority of businesses still seem to pay for worse logos than they deserve, and the majority of come-and-go businesses also fall into that grouping nicely. I'm learning, BTW, that even the website experience is a good gauge (well, better than a logo in significant ways) of the quality of the brand. As one of those contractors myself, it's not just about defending economic interests. For one thing, technical volunteers are one of the most infamous types: They arrive with a bunch of technical experience, the client goes "OH MY GOODNESS" and pretty soon the volunteers are cracking their knuckles, getting ready to start. At this point, one of two things tends to happen: 1) The volunteer has underestimated their need for constant high-level stimulation and runs out of interest, or 2) the volunteer completes a solution that is a poor fit for any existing problems. I once had a volunteer come onto a project and immediately suggest a variety of changes to the work I was performing. He told me how he had gone over my work to date (a funny thing that citizens like to do, and that's fine) and decided that he had identified problems A, B, and C in the system, so it needed to be changed to do X, Y, and Z, where X, Y and Z were all fairly obvious beginner mistakes in the ecosystem in which this was happening. I called the client and told her I would need her agreement in writing that these mistakes would be implemented, and I never heard from the volunteer again. What the client really needed was to make a high-level decision to do things the right way. Instead they had a "we can't do that" mentality and each decision was basically a small patch on some part of the system. From my perspective, one of the wisest things a volunteer could do is identify and contact a current contractor for said government organization and ask them what kind of volunteer work would be helpful. By doing this they pair up with someone who has a deep insight into existing systems. Then the volunteer can go back to the government and say, "hey, we talked to the contractor and here's what we as volunteers think we can help with." Since you have to educate the client anyway, you might as well do it with the help of existing contractors. Of course, if the contractor is really a jerk about it, you've just saved yourself the headache of working with them. I could easily come up with a range of non-technical to technical issues that affect my government clients and need help, and I'm busy enough that even a case where I lose work isn't actually that critical to me if the client is gaining an advantage. From working with a lot of volunteers though, I really question whether the follow-through on their side would be substantial. This gizmodo article reeks of sensationalism. They go so far as to say half of his face got "older and wrinkly," while the other half stayed "exactly the same," even though it's plainly obvious that all of his face has aged, both sides have wrinkles, and the half that was struck by the beam isn't the same as it was since the accident. At the very least I'd love to see more information substantiating the claim. An article explaining part of the reason why I'm suspicious: http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/24/i... A friend of mine has been complaining about his rental's warped kitchen floor and mold (or the fact that mold forms easily). His windows are mostly painted shut. Can you elaborate on this? What kind of a dehumidifier should he look at? I used to live near the Tojimbo cliffs and have been thinking about the place (and what happens there) on and off since my first visit. I also really liked this NYT article, about a retired cop who made it his mission to stop suicide attempts at the cliffs. 222 lives had been saved as of late 2009. http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/18/world/asia/18japan.html?_r... That first para is of the only comments here that gives me any hope for U.S. cyber capability and it really makes sense. Thanks. As a website-building shingle-hanger, I love that "in 2 minutes" services exist. They are like a blowoff valve for my business. If a potential client isn't going to take advantage of the particular ways in which I could help them, vvvupp-PSHHHHHHH--I vent their project off to an "in 2 minutes" service or Squarespace. "Why pay more?" I'm happy to recommend those services and glad my business coach convinced me to consider how valuable they are in communicating my market position. They also remind me to think about ways to differentiate myself and actively communicate value to prospective clients. It's a cliche but the goal is that clients--no matter who they are--all win, and I win too. Beautiful. Thank you for the reminder that these books exist. I read some of these books years back, and I still treasure the experience. I had a terrible job that started at 6:30 a.m. where by some miracle people kept assigning me tasks that could be automated, so I was about a month ahead on all of my work. In the early mornings I would read from these books on a Dell Axim that was propped up above my keyboard, next to my propped-up reversed CD-ROM disc. One book that's not part of the collection but that I would recommend to the people here on HN is "James Nasmyth, Engineer: An Autobiography": http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/476 Here's a bit from a "coding interview" that went well for him: "I carefully unpacked my working model of the steam-engine at the carpenter's shop, and had it conveyed, together with my drawings, on a hand-cart to Mr. Maudslay's next morning at the appointed hour. I was allowed to place my work for his inspection in a room next his office and counting-house. I then called at his residence close by, where he kindly received me in his library. He asked me to wait until he and his partner, Joshua Field, had inspected my handiwork. I waited anxiously. Twenty long minutes passed. At last he entered the room, and from a lively expression in his countenance I observed in a moment that the great object of my long cherished ambition had been attained! He expressed, in good round terms, his satisfaction at my practical ability as a workman engineer and mechanical draughtsman. Then, opening the door which led from his library into his beautiful private workshop, he said, "This is where I wish you to work, beside me, as my assistant workman. From what I have seen there is no need of an apprenticeship in your case." He then proceeded to show me the collection of exquisite tools of all sorts with which his private workshop was stored. They mostly bore the impress of his own clearheadedness and common-sense. They were very simple, and quite free from mere traditional forms and arrangements. At the same time they were perfect for the special purposes for which they had been designed. The workshop was surrounded with cabinets and drawers, filled with evidences of the master's skill and industry. Every tool had a purpose. It had been invented for some special reason. Sometimes it struck the keynote, as it were, to many of the important contrivances which enable man to obtain a complete mastery over materials." Anyway, a pretty fun, educational book for someone with that mindset. This article would be awesome with some mockups. Gruber's next "and another thing" in these incredible what-ifs could be some DF artwork. (BTW does anybody else drop their large-screen phone a lot or is it just me? I really love the extra screen space but holding onto it is not as easy as it was with a smaller phone) Having had a brand new Gary Fisher bike stolen when I was living in Japan: Why can't we all be like Iceland... Me too. I did everything required to get my authorship to show up. Now that it's gone, it's kind of frustrating to have put in the effort. Just like it's frustrating to have no less than seven different g+ public interfaces, between my work account, business page, newer personal gmail account, older personal gmail account, account being used by my wife and myself, and these weird alternate Youtube versions of two or three of the above. I called a client today to discuss them signing up for webmaster tools. The most frustrating part of the conversation was a discussion about dealing with the other Google "stuff" that comes with the new Google account they'll be making. Do they want to use the new email address for anything? What if it accidentally gets out? Etc. I agree, it takes practice. I can't let my mind wander though. If I want to take a nap in the middle of the day I have to consciously visualize something. The visualization that has worked best for me over the last year has been sitting in my childhood home, assembling the tail section of a scale model Su-24. The end product looks a lot like this one: http://paperwings.orgfree.com/su24/index.htm (except I never finish it, just doze off) The sleep is worth the practice :) I resisted buying a tablet right up until I absolutely had to (to help a client finish a web dev project). Now that I've had it for a while, I wouldn't go without one. I've got everything from Pythonista and Codea to Machine World on there, and my wife is always borrowing it to take on short trips with the kids. Although I could certainly get by without a tablet, now that I have one, it's like this whole new world has opened up. So...if you are leaving comments here about "I would buy a tablet if..." That's where I was a few months ago, and I think you should just bite the bullet and buy one. They're good enough now. (and using Pythonista and Codea...brilliant IDE adaptations to the tablet + finger use case) I was working as on a corporate dev team that hit a goldmine at one point, causing management to freak out and go on a hiring spree. They brought at least three wolves on board within a period of a couple months. One of them reminded me of the portrayal of Kameto Kuroshima in the 1970 film "Tora Tora Tora". He would think and think for hours on end, then he'd emerge from his cubicle (all sweaty and dramatic) with a Plan. At that point everything had to change because everyone knew his experience levels blew us all away. When he attended meetings, it was like he was five steps ahead of everybody else, and later I realized that it was because the meetings were usually called as a result of something he decided should change. I could easily see most of the people above him being fired if this guy ever got pissed. One of the other wolves was an experienced college professor who was brought in as a team lead, but who for all intents and purposes was an SVP in the organizational hierarchy. He was financially independent at a fairly young age and basically gave inspirational speeches and CS lectures instead of meetings. We were all freshmen to this guy, and he was light years ahead of our experience levels. I liked these wolves, if that's what they were--they gave me hope that somewhere an executive was really freaked out about making the right call at a critical time. As I recall, they made the existing software architecture more scalable, maintainable, and available. This was no mean feat, either. Our clients were pretty huge, well-known companies. There was quite a bit of language & framework discussion to go along with all that. But I think their experience levels also just allowed them to accomplish more in less time. To us, they looked like superheroes. We'd get mental blocks trying to think through situations that they had long ago met and conquered. In a similar vein, I think if most of us here at HN went back to our first job, we'd be well ahead of the curve and probably considered "wolves" in a very short time. While the article may seem like six of one / half-dozen of the other at first glance, I love that the author spends time examining the problem. Things that help me have a "healthy relationship with my work": Communication with everybody. If a client asks for a change to something, it always takes more time and usually costs more money. I communicate that to the client as early as possible. If a weekend is coming up and I'm working on a big project, everybody involved is going to get a phone call from me. Not an email, a phone call. We talk, we empathize, and we feel better about resuming on Monday. Have a nice weekend! If I am about to have a very stressful day, I run my plans by my wife. She's has saved me literally hundreds of hours of off-hours work by saying, "I'm sure they'll understand if you just call them and explain X and Y." She is so good at bringing out the details and examining the situation for what it is. It works every time. Somehow my samurai work ethic is way too stubborn sometimes. I exercise my option to turn down projects as often as I want. Six years ago I stood above my twin daughters' headstone, somehow still thinking about a work project I had going on, and all of the drama was completely ridiculous compared to the big picture of life, family, and normal relationships. I looked up toward the distant mountains, said "it's not worth it," and things have been better ever since. That memory comes to mind whenever I have big decisions to make--is the cost of the happy-life-occlusion scenario worth it, in light of the simple things that fulfill my requirements in life? Anyway, great article. I would add that at some point, plenty of people decide to change their work and go through the entire upheaval again, re-answering all of these balance questions. I have a friend who is literally packing her things right now to leave home and become a missionary. The stress is evident on her face, but when she talks about her future, she's excited and seems fulfilled in some way. In a similar vein, I've had a few conversations with "retirees" who are extremely stressed about what they're about to enter into, but there's no way they're going back. Seeing DRY at the end there was amusing. I recently worked with a client who convinced me he was really interested in our web project's back-end. Normally I keep things really light, but this guy had a convincing air of tech-savvy about him. Toward the end of the project, he wanted to do a lot of copy/paste-style "reuse" within the content management portion of the project, so I showed him how he could take advantage of the de-duplication features, and explained what DRY meant--just in terms of content management. The next day I got an email about a bug he found, where a sidebar wasn't showing up properly or something like that. His conclusion at the end of the email read: "So this DRY thing doesn't seem to be working, can we please remove DRY?" (I know, it's my fault for exposing the innocent client to such heavy terminology, blah blah blah...but I had a very pleasurable laugh about the whole thing) Well, and this: > It was then that I realized that the fed I was talking to had been my coworker at Giganews since I started in 2009! I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure I would instantly recognize any coworker I'd known for three years. > Siri and Google Now are simply not yet ready to exist After reading the article: Dustin's ideas are simply not ready to exist. And somehow he hand-waves toward the ever-enlarging group that uses Siri and Google Now all the time. Sports, weather, directions, etc. According to the article, drivers can pass within 3' if they slow down to a reasonable speed. I'm sure news reporters will be on right top of this little detail during their next-to-busy-road reports. Hm, I (@circular) am 1-2 against the monolith. Could be more helpful but I can see the showing-off-on-twitter potential. Glad I went back and read the end of the article. For anyone else who is about to give up and let themselves believe Facebook was unfairly moralizing in this case: > For Mr. Letwin, that can’t come soon enough. A month after his account was disabled, he received an email apologizing, saying it had all been a mistake on Facebook’s part. > A Facebook spokesman said a report was filed against Mr. Letwin for using a fake name, which he had not done, and a reviewer looking at his account then mistakenly thought it violated Facebook’s standards regarding promotion of violence and terrorism. But the process took far longer than it should have, he acknowledged, saying that typically, an appeal should be responded to within a few days. The Stepan Company slogan: "LET'S DO THIS GUYS" Medicinal use clarification--an official from Mallinckrodt who "asked not to be named" had this to say: "We purchase a crude extract and purify it further into one chemical form, cocaine hydrochloride U.S.P." http://www.nytimes.com/1988/07/01/business/how-coca-cola-obt... I looked that up because I don't work in health care: "Cocaine Hydrochloride is used topically to produce local anesthesia of accessible mucous membranes of oral, laryngeal, and nasal cavities. It is often used for emergency room sutures and outpatient nasal and facial surgery. Because Cocaine Hydrochloride is readily absorbed from mucous membranes and can cause severe adverse effects, the drug should be used with caution, and careful attention should be given to dosage and administration technique. Repeated topical application of cocaine can result in psychic dependence and tolerance." http://mallinckrodt.com/uploadedFiles/Content/Specialty_Phar... I live right by a California reservoir that has been heavily drawn down. You can walk right out to the middle of it (dodging a couple areas where there is still water). It freaks people out, but I guess they don't get that this particular water isn't really ours anyway (no water rights, only recreation rights) and as the article touches on, reservoirs are drawn down during times like these anyway. Still, looking at all the barrenness, I really look forward to the next time it floods way over into the parking lots like it did a couple of years ago. I sympathize with the developers here--"one does not simply trust that parallax scrolling will work in iOS" but usually there's at least a workaround in place. So far, all of the lawns on our street are yellow. My neighbor just dug up his lawn, re-landscaped the dirt, and plans to try grass again next year. My church got a polite note from a neighbor informing us that our sprinklers were sprinkling the sidewalks some of the time (glad they said something). I think all of us take more notice now when non-residential entities are overusing or possibly wasting water. We also use less bathwater at home for our kids and spend less time in the shower. It doesn't really feel so bad for us non-agricultural folks at this point. I once met a retired government employee in the desert in Utah, and we talked a bit about water and droughts before he said, "things would have to get really, really, REALLY bad before you couldn't get tap water on demand anymore, even in a desert like this." Listening to his experience I realized that he had the benefit of some experience that I didn't. Not that it makes a draught feel any better. And the wildfires that make your city smell like a campground for days at a time don't help either. :-) Seems better than stop-and-frisk. In fact I wonder if the name isn't meant to try to convince the officers on the street that the city is not stripping them of their power. > Well, if you believe in god, then random numbers must come from him, right? Interesting! Personally I don't know if the second part must follow from the first, at least not for * in theists. But then I'm a theist who doesn't believe in fate, or "God knowing about something == God giving a care" or God giving a care what you had for dinner. Even the beliefs I harbor about what you did have for dinner (i.e. treating your body in a specific way) have more to do with God wanting good things for man in general. Depends on the case, but yeah, those extra emotional cues are very important to me now. My business consultant, a retired SV engineer & entrepreneur, has been incessantly reminding me, "make that one a phone call, not an email," for four years now. And he's absolutely right. Many situations jut work better when people can hear your voice and v/v. I feel I can communicate far more effectively over the phone in many cases than I can via email. Any time you could do with some extra empathy, e.g. during negotiations, introductions, heavy procrastination, tense moments--you pick up the phone and the extra boost is like getting free money compared to email. I think you are missing the mini-slideshare aspect to voice and text/image sharing. Just looking at the app website, users can work as a team and use voice for annotation, which is pretty huge vs. text/images only. Plus, any voice elements seem to be treated as part of a larger conversation element that can be resumed or edited at will. Do Skype or Hangouts have these features? I know I can leave people messages like using an answering service, but that's not even close to the same thing. The photo in the article shows a jumper dropping out of an AN-2. That is a very interesting aircraft, as it has a very low stall speed. Here is a video where you can see it fly extremely slow without stalling: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mipf4nqrR74 From the pilot handbook, this gem: "If the engine quits in instrument conditions (blind flying when you can't see the ground) or at night, the pilot should pull the control column full aft (it won't stall) and keep the wings level. The leading-edge slats will snap out at about 40mph (64km/h), and when the airplane slows to a forward speed of about 25mph [40km/h], the airplane will sink at about a parachute descent rate until the aircraft hits the ground." http://www.museumofflight.org/aircraft/antonov-2-colt I've read accounts of people jumping out of the AN-2 at low speeds, without a parachute, and without injury. Perhaps you're too hard on yourself with regard to spoken words. Keep in mind that these are technologies. The phone is a form of technology that you can use to communicate. It will have pros/cons compared to email. And using it effectively is a skill that can be learned. I often hire subcontractors and I cannot tell you how much I wish they would just call me when they fall behind, rather than emailing or texting about everything. It turns a bad situation into an even worse situation, where on at least one side of the conversation, there is an extra question mark or exclamation point behind every piece of punctuation. In contrast, some of the most effective people I know will call whenever there is any kind of a speed bump, because they recognize the potential advantages of a voice conversation. It's there for anybody to use, and it doesn't really care if we use it or not, but the phone has its advantages. >> And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. > Light was created on the first day, but the Sun was created on the fourth. Where does the Bible say the Sun was created on the fourth day? It doesn't appear in the KJV or JBS; is it written like that in another translation? > Proverbs 8 identifies Wisdom as the first of God's works Are you saying that you think this is a contradiction because Genesis says Light was created on the "first day?" As someone interested in science, I was really excited to read the headline and see the HN discussion. As a Christian I was surprised and kind of creeped out to see the "so much for the Bible" talk. I feel like a Japanese person must feel when an American tries to get them to laugh at jokes. But I guess in a way it's nice though that nobody ever brings up the sort of beyond-Religion-101 topics that actually challenge my faith. Edit: Why all the downvotes? I'm saying I'd prefer we let science be science, without the didactic religion talk, pro or con. So I'm curious, which Christian sects think this means the Sun was literally created at that point? I am a Christian but I'm not all Christians, so that kind of reading is new to me and feels rather odd. Only one parent comment sure, but it was the second comment on the page at the time, and is currently the longest thread on the page. Nothing wrong with calling it out. Couldn't find any uptime records kept by a third party, and their uptime SLAs don't seem to have much to do with uptime guarantees (as opposed to 'we will bring you back up in 30 minutes, etc.). https://www.atlantic.net/support/cloud-service-level-guarant... As a business owner, I wouldn't bet anything on that. For personal development stuff though maybe it's great. I love this! I did something similar when a local high school student asked to shadow me for a day. He said he'd never done any programming but really wanted to learn. His parents were currently on welfare and his dad needed him around to help with a disability. I decided that rather than ask him to do mundane webdev tasks, I'd download a PyGame game that I'd been working on, make some changes to break it, and then ask him to work on the game. After the game was fixed, I asked him to look at another game and figure out how to add an audio track. Anyway, he had a fun time and I thought, "I wonder if anyone will ever do this sort of thing on a larger scale." :-) So I'm really happy to see it. Thanks again. I had this experience going to iOS 6 on an iPod. It was so frustrating (as any device with poor responsiveness is) that I decided I'd only upgrade to a new major OS version within the same year the product was released. That's worked really well so far, though it's always annoying that the notifications don't seem to completely go away. >and it's going to be entertaining when countries with capital controls discover this How would you explain that to a high school art student? (Please) > Nobody visited our sites, that's why we stopped updating them. I have to say that this time around the ramp is pointed way higher. Like ~mathowie is doing wheelies right out the gate, content-wise. So I'll be heading back there and I just created a category for Tilde Club stuff in my bookmark database. If he's in your target audience it could be $10 very well spent. He's not in mine; it was helpful to see the rundown on his background. This reminded me of the excellent Museum of Soviet Arcade Machines: http://www.15kop.ru/en/ Here is a blog about a visit to the location: http://35summers.org/2010/01/05/the-museum-of-soviet-video-g... There is also a Museum of Soviet Synthesizers (quite a number): http://www.ruskeys.net/eng/synths.php The Electronica Stylophone is (I think) a copy of the 1967 Stylophone, modern copies of which are still available. What does "reversing course" mean? It seems to me that these are markets that build up in response to our declaration of contraband. Do you think that the U.S.A. should simply legalize some fixed subset of all drugs, or just say, "is it a chemical that some portion of our public urged their congressmen to take action on because our kids were doing it behind the school? If so, OK!" Even the definition of "legalize" seems like a messy problem, to say the least. Like it's easy to say "legalize" but where (geographically) can we find existing models of legalization along with which there is no market that incentivizes drug-related criminal behavior? (Asking sincerely because why should I just believe in "reversing course" without knowing what the plan is?) > you find yourself overriding and customizing them to such a degree that it's more productive to just build your own "vanilla" components that are specific to the way your site or organization uses them, and then just ditch Bootstrap altogether. This has been similar to my experience. Bootstrap can be overwhelming at times, and there have been a few cases where I had to solve buggy behavior by specific Bootstrap components by writing elaborate fixes that would not have been required had I used my own framework. From that standpoint, working on a time-consuming, yet practically throwaway-type site, Bootstrap was really frustrating. I do really like the low-baggage approach of Initializr's Responsive configuration as well as the Responsive Grid System. Cool work by @ptrbyr. Wondering what his big picture idea is, because CAD libraries are not exactly easy to just pick up and start building one's own dream CAD client on (for example). I agree, the GP's alternative links leave much to be desired; surely there are even better sources available that are, additionally, credentialed. Same here. When I left Japan to move back to the U.S., some of the things that seemed really odd to me were: 1) sweeter food, 2) obese people, 3) old cars driving around, 4) having to drive everywhere, even just to get to a small store, and 5) arriving via car at stores that sold things like electronics and office supplies that looked like throwbacks to a bygone era compared to what they had in Japan. As a small example of the latter, in 1997 I was using the Hi-Tec-C pen and I'm pretty sure I didn't see it for sale in the U.S. until 2007 or so. Good question. Speaking just for myself, I moved from a mainly-driving area to a small urban center residence some years back, and the walking aspect was great. I mean, walking to the library for the first time, I almost cried tears of joy. At my previous residence going to the library meant a ten-minute drive, which wasn't so bad, and now it was a three-minute walk. (Interestingly I just realized that I usually lived about a ten-minute drive from the libraries near where I lived, back in Japan) I guess I could say I felt more liberated, almost like I was part-owner of the downtown space, and it was no longer a destination that I felt I had to plan to visit. The car no longer felt so necessary-though I still used it--and riding my bicycle felt like more of a natural fit. Japan is notorious for bureaucracy. Just entering a government center and asking a simple question is sometimes enough to start a (figurative) three-ring circus. It was awesome to read about that as it happened. Amazing stories like that really heightened my frustration at learning that MeFi was being punished by Google's ranking algorithms because it was too old-looking. The new look is great but on Google's end there are so many search results where there should be an AskMeFi link at the very top but you still get a bunch of ad-bloated, low-quality sites coming up. Very interesting. What does PQ mean? Pass qualification? In the late 1990s I sat in an old house in Yokkaichi City, Mie Prefecture, Japan, talking to an elderly man who had been a part of the civil defense effort during the last year of World War II. He said that he remembered being outside when bombings were starting, and seeing large dust clouds in the distance, making their way toward the city. One night the city caught fire (it was firebombed in addition to the normal bombings) and he and his wife, both in their 20s, ran outside into the street and covered themselves with their futon mattresses as means of protective cover. The next morning they arose to find their neighborhood severely burned, and the outsides of their mattresses even partially charred. Later I talked to another man who grew up near Nagoya--he used to love watching the bombings so much that he and his friends would sneak out of their bomb shelters and lay in the rice paddies watching them fly over. They would laugh and shout, "bii ni-jyu kyu!" (B-29!) They'd ooh and ahh as they watched flares drop. Hearing stories like these really made me realize what a complex and nuanced world we live in. Edit: I didn't realize this, but apparently "pumpkin bombs" were dropped on Yokkaichi City in preparation for the atomic bombing of Japan. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pumpkin_bomb What do you mean by adjust? Is there some withdrawal period from a product like Pepsi? Or adjust to the dissatisfying taste of water compared to sugary drinks? Great, now I'm going to reflect on my physiology every time I see an Instagram photo. (Good point though) > Fast forward to 2014. Blogs are old news now, but they're still a great tool. Yep. This year I noticed & appreciated the way Tesla used their blog to defuse ugly PR situations. I saw various startups and Fortune 500s use their blogs in various ways to talk up a pivot or to open lines of communication to a new audience. We see blog posts here on HN all the time. And a client of mine who was pretty much blogs-are-dead for the last couple of years decided last week to start a blog and commit to it. (Later they decided that they didn't want to show the actual blog post dates anywhere because they weren't sure they could keep their enthusiasm going...heh) Thank you for your comments. > TempleOS for all its eccentricity is also very beautiful and in its own way remarkable coherent As a visual designer myself, his highly-symbolic visual language demonstrates what I understand as a telltale lack of nuance common to those suffering from certain mental illnesses, but the impressive part to me is that he really maximizes it. He seems to have access to an amount of "flow" that many people would kill to harness for their own purposes (of course without its drawbacks in this case). I was wondering if this may indicate that he is receiving a level of care that is fitting for his current needs. I would love to see many other concepts expressed and illustrated with his current visual vocabulary, but I guess limiting it to Israelite Vision is part of the tradeoff. This seems to be a very specific type of index; can you find early examples of the kind demonstrated in the article? This has happened to me in the past when I was wearing my project manager hat. From my perspective it felt like I was negotiating with extremely apathetic individuals (not saying you are like that; this was just my experience with these people). I would make a request and the response was usually something like, "that is so simple...here are the instructions." It would have been a huge pain to convince the other parties that the business purpose of my inquiry was on solid ground. I would have to explain that I was trying to tie up a minuscule patch in a larger gantt chart, the nature of project management, the way I was looking to build long-term relationships (usually completely under-appreciated), etc. In one case I offered to pay a premium to a developer for his domain expertise, only for him to loop around and use our project discussions as an evangelism platform for his software of choice. Almost every one of his replies started with "No problem," had the software name in the middle, and ended with "makes this extremely simple." At the end of the project he gave me a gigantic discount because I was now "part of the community." Needless to say, I found the didactic nature of his communications extremely difficult and we never worked together after that. Back in development mode (as opposed to project management mode) I can understand what was happening. I've landed new clients because they noticed my community contributions and saw that I was geographically close to them. And whenever someone says, "we just don't have time to do this ourselves" I can now offer 100% of my empathy. Still, I'm surrounded by community members who type up massive tutorials within an hour, or build a completed demo project that does 80% of what the requester needs, and then disappear when the requester asks for just a bit more, or heaven forbid, offers money. I'm almost 20 years into a successful, solo freelancing career. GP's advice is worth researching. You might not be missing anything by sticking to hourly billing if you are aiming at a downmarket clientele. They usually appreciate hourly billing because they are either making nice margins off of your work (by reselling or by quality derived) or undercharging for their own work. Hourly billing is comfortable for them because they are usually extremely price-sensitive. This works OK for a lot of new freelancers, who themselves are also very price-sensitive. The upside of only doing hourly billing is steady work. The downside is that you may never understand what upmarket work is like. If you are aiming at upmarket clientele (or just clientele who are upmarket from your current set of clients), you have to adapt to a different mindset--quality, specialty, and responsiveness are key; pricing is used as a toolset that supports your business goal of offering those three things. Pricing becomes a group of activities that act as a market positioning message, negotiating tool, sales pitch, etc. All of that from a little dollar sign with a number after it (or a set of them). If you are not aiming at any market, you might be headed downmarket. Good idea to check on that. Most freelancers do the same amount of pricing research as the average lemonade stand. Many freelancers who go out of business have authored their own personal failure narrative that revolves around an uneducated view on pricing. I'll give it a shot :) I was told by a doctor friend that one of the side-effects of heightened anxiety is a tendency to view things in black and white. "I'm a failure." "I am a failed human." "She hates me." "I suck at life." "That guy is so perfect and I'm not." etc. Such hyperbolic interpretations are common to teenagers, stressed-out university students, and even more so with people who suffer from chronic anxiety. I know very little about schizophrenia, but I think I recall that it is, or parts of it may be, part of the general anxiety disorder sphere. Along with OCD, bipolar disorder, and more. One of the signs of less-than-mature visual thinking is a hyperbolically-abstract way of representing things. Sky is blue, people are torso + arms + legs + head, sand is yellow. In real life of course, the sky might use many colors from any part of the spectrum of hues--a sunset might use violets, oranges, reds, all together in a spread of gradients. The color of sand depends on atmospheric conditions (fog, erupting volcano nearby, time of day--what color is sand at night, if you were to paint it?), intermediary surfaces (rose-colored glasses). A human might have one leg (seen from the side), one big fat leg with two feet (three-quarters view), or even three arms (if you count the dark shadow that the one arm happens to be producing at the time due to the light source). So I'm taking it for granted that a hyperbolic view is pretty much a constant current in this guy's life. It's pretty much always there, and he seems to be coping with it enough that he is not out causing damage to society (well, not physically). But along the way it has informed his entire visual language, which he relies upon in his interface design. Everything you see on screen in his creation has gone through his hyperbolic mental filter to become something very iconic. Because his disorder seems to put a lot of pressure on him to communicate, we are able to see this rich visual outcome. Even the interface chrome is a clue. There is apparently no need in his mind for a refined way to express antialiased curves or subtle lines in the interface. High-contrast, blinking characters will do. In my rather direct reading, I feel like I am seeing his brain open up. Everything goes through this threshold filter before it gets output to the screen, written down, expressed verbally, and so on. So rather than depth, we get breadth. The sound works the same way. "This basic sound is good enough" probably never entered his mind. My guess, of course. But I'm thinking it's more like, "I am now playing a hymn". I guess the use of the bible is a great example of this too. More culturally-refined religions that mesh very well with mankind's search for meaning tend not to be the ones that condemn people or rely on the harsh words of the old testament so much. Whether in art, music, or religion, many of us wish we could be happy with a more basic, gets-things-done approach. We fill our movies with people who make quick, brutal decisions that most people could never force themselves to do. We may listen to hard & heavy music, but simple beats alone will never do--we crave detail, texture, gradations, refinement. We draw simple pictures, then wonder why we aren't happy with our representation of our mother's face as a simple smiling curve and two dots for eyes. These things feel like they trip us up, but our struggle with them is real and important for our maturity. To talk to an artist who creates great abstract works, visually, with music, or with words, but who cannot express his journey through life's gradations, is to hire a novelty artist; someone to whom we can only relate by tangent. I can relate to this OS creator by tangent. That tangent is my childhood; the innocence I left behind some time ago. But I have to acknowledge that I am drawn to it. I can't just let it go because I see part of myself in there, and I wonder if I am seeing in his beautifully abbreviated forms what would have happened to me if I have stayed content as that version of myself for a longer period of time. Why was I in such a hurry to see the gray areas in life? He is in a sort of flow (yes, workflow zen like, or alpha-stage like--and that's where I wonder if, since this alpha-stage, vanishing-fears, creative flow stuff is so sought after--if this stability he found to develop a whole OS rather than harass people in the streets all day is due to his home & family environment / physical needs being met) that is not so scatterbrained--it's focused. But it (unintentionally) sacrifices a closer look at reality in the process. Well, I went a bit overboard and decided I needed to explore this a bit myself. So nothing definite, but I hope this gets my direction across. I am more of an intuitive personality type so I build thoughts starting from a hazy recollection of learning experiences that seem to align nicely ;) Great passage. As a digital artist who works with fractals, that really resonates with me. Visual fractal detail quite often converges to visual noise (and looks remarkably like a noise function as expressed on e.g. a TV set). I usually need to remove or de-emphasize that noise in order to clarify the direction and abstract intent of the work. One of my favorite films that works along these lines is the 1998 Japanese film "After Life," in which a small party of workers attempt to recreate others' memories with very basic film studio equipment. I absolutely treasure the loss of detail in the various recreation scenes, and the way it suggests that there is actually a satisficing point at which we might realize, "yes, I'm actually reliving that memory right now." So I agree with Mr. Graham's conclusion that technology can bring this about. On an unrelated note, PG's essays always bring to mind the Meyers-Briggs INTJ type. Essays about the annoyance of accumulating "stuff", a focus on abstract / intuitive learning styles, and clever writing which quickly establishes a theoretical framework which is then thrown against the world's (audience's) experience, rather than starting from first principles hoping to eventually reveal a framework as others might do. His seems to me very much a "systems thinker" approach. Pretty cool that he's writing his own code to do this (presumably). It reminded me of a neat tutorial for creating grass in Blender: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eshOzshjt90 I created 100% procedural grass using Blender for a book cover recently, and while it didn't have nearly the attention to detail you see in places like Pixar films, the effect was just right for the author's work. I would add that (at least semi-real) shadows are really important for improving the quality of any grass texture. FB is pretty solid with ads these days. I'm seeing blocks of sponsored stuff every 3-7 posts. Considering how many non-sponsored posts aren't really interesting to me, and how many repeats I see, they basically have me checking in constantly by dangling the possibility of new, relevant stuff behind that darn red world icon. It's a bit scary to think that I view this as an important communication tool and it's so riddled with ads, but I also understand we don't exactly live in utopia. Some friends just can't easily be reached in other ways. To give $50 to a charity through Amazon Smile, you'd have to spend $10K. Still pretty nice of Amazon I guess, but if you'd rather not deal with the extra Amazon Smile extensions and junk, most people could just do a $5 or $10 to the EFF and be done. Related: Attempts to Escape Oflag IV-C (Colditz Castle) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attempts_to_escape_Oflag_IV-C I wonder if there would be even more demand for an e.g. refined English-to-casual English translator, and vice versa. If someone from one of the entrenched higher classes uses a phrase like "acquire the appropriate attire for dressage," one of their new staff might not be educated enough to understand even the own-language equivalent and its nuances. I would think there'd be plenty of demand for something that transcends languages to perform meaning-discovery tasks for the wearer/user. We use tones in English, too. Is it TACO Bell, or Taco BELL? Either one can get you laughed out of the room in refined company, depending on your peer group. I'd be very interested to see the results of their ongoing research. And I'd like to know how the debiasing process compares to e.g. CBT. Your comment reminded me of the Meyers-Briggs model's concepts of introverted thinking and extraverted thinking. The extraverted thinker ( NTJ) seeks out common, objective methodologies, while the introverted thinker ( NTP) finds it easier to become comfortable with a more subjective, philosophical approach. You might then expect an INTJ to learn and hold to rules that seem to have authority or at least some critical thinking behind them, and an INTP could be expected to back off and start poking holes in those rules. An important part of INTJ maturity is accepting that their own approach may fall short and examining the basis of other beliefs regarding the system or framework they instinctively favor. Or just learning why the lack of adherence to such a framework might be acceptable. INTJs, for example, are urged to learn about different personality preferences so they don't grow impatient with just about every other type. It's easy for INTJs to wonder why their ENFP friend just won't act logically. In the case of the INTJ, the role of extraverted thinking, commonly called systems thinking, is crucial: It can replace their instinctive (and at times compulsive or otherwise destructive) emotional response to circumstances that make them feel anxiety. So when a more mature INTJ is feeling anxious about a situation or circumstance, they usually fall back on their extraverted thinking to help them examine rationally and build a model around it. Otherwise they might find themselves falling into compulsive behaviors, losing their grip on the situation. Looks like this is the study: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3608686/ (Edit: Nope, see reply below) Interesting conflict of interest (edit: potential conflict) with the researcher being the founder of a food supplement marketing company. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valter_Longo Edit: I was wondering what the fasting + supplement connection was. Here we go: "L-Nutra's first line of products stems from 15 years of research by Prof. Longo and his team at the USC Longevity Institute, one of the world's leading centers for research on aging and its translation into human interventions that optimize longevity and healthspan. It was largely motivated by the request of many patients who wanted to take advantage of the potential beneficial effects of fasting during cancer treatment but were unable to fast and forego any all meals or and snacks ." (Emphasis mine) From: http://www.l-nutra.com/index.php/about/team Looks like you're right. Thanks! That comes off as a hand wave, especially considering that it's a model / typology (if you understand the role of a model vs. a theory) and is still used in research. See also Dr. Dario Nardi's neuroscience work at UCLA. I'm a Mormon, too, and just wanted to point out a couple of things: > we fast for 2 meals on the first Sunday of every month. Not everyone does (pregnant or nursing women, or the sick, for example (edit: or people who just don't wanna)), and not everyone fasts for that period of time. Some people in different roles in the church (what non-Mormons might call a prophetic / visionary role) are encouraged to fast more often. > For Mormons, food and drink is abstained starting Saturday night after dinner until Sunday night's dinner. Many will frequently shift their fasting times. I do. Just posting this because I often talk to people who tell me exactly what I believe, because they read it online. > In both cases, Mormon fasting and participating in Ramadan, I can say that I have noticed personal health benefits I'm just another anecdote, but I have noticed no personal health benefits. What I would call thinking or meditation benefits, perhaps. I have frequently felt relief that while I may have overeaten the day before a fast, my belt will usually fit nicely on the following fast day. ;) By "call," maybe you are inferring belief but I mean it with no belief and even plenty of skepticism implied. "// If the camera flash fires five times in a row, the string was successfully changed" How does the system-wide workload of changing from UTC to TAI compare to adding the leap second? No idea about this stuff myself, just curious. You're right. Half of iOS developers and 64% of Android developers are living below the "App Poverty Line"--making less than $500 USD per app, per month. Source: http://techcrunch.com/2014/07/21/the-majority-of-todays-app-... Several people (a consultant I hired and a few clients) have encouraged me to develop iOS apps. This was based on anecdata, but I eventually convinced a client to hire me to build a simple one as a proof of concept. We found that interest in the app fizzled out fast and I learned that I didn't enjoy standalone business application development much. I didn't rule it out as a hobby though. >> If I don’t get any likes on my Instagram photo or Facebook post within 15 minutes you can sure bet I'll delete it. > Super interesting take - it's as though they are posting not to show people stuff but to Just an idea: This is a single individual; basically anecdata. I have a sister who is 44 years old and who does the same thing and has been doing it as long as she's been on the internet (she started by blogging and has deleted hundreds of posts in the same way, in addition to her current FB, Instagram, etc. posts). I do wonder if this could be reduced to psychological typology or self-image though. This is weird; the author possibly met with the CEO of Snapchat more than once recently: https://twitter.com/thatswattsup/status/546018511902867456 > Can't wait to visit my friends at @Snapchat again tomorrow :D https://twitter.com/thatswattsup/status/545326840940740608 > Loved hanging out with @evanspiegel yesterday, he's one of the nicest and more genuine guys I've met. Thanks for having me @Snapchat! ...influencer? Hope not :( Anyone with the skills to be a webmaster in 1997 likely still has a promising career trajectory if they want it. However, I don't know of any webmasters from that period who pegged their career to the term "webmaster." > TIME TO READ: ABOUT 35 MINUTES Well, that was certainly discouraging. :) An excellent read though. While reading the article I kept thinking about the interchange between members of the press and intelligence types. There's probably a tremendous amount of western government interest in destabilizing the Russian narrative. I wondered how many from the intelligence field may have served as sources, editors, writers, publishers, etc. Wouldn't be unheard of. Calling it a blog is a bit of a stretch. But because it's so simple, it's worth checking out: http://www.galactanet.com/writing.html Note to self: Think about _that_ the next time you're obsessing about how cool your author site needs to be before you publish anything :-) > except that the serotonin model of depression has been disproven without a shadow of a doubt Serious? Man, that would probably piss a lot of people off. Is this like air quotes "disproven" or a pretty solid actual seal of peer-reviewed disproval? I've seen lots of local causes run through GoFundMe. A friend's son desperately needing dental work, a local family losing a mother or father and needing help to pay medical expenses, and so on. I've found that some of the accounts are pretty hard to read, perhaps because it is not easy to consider the hardships that are occurring right in our neighborhood. Does YouCaring have a zip code search like GoFundMe does? I can usually find dozens of local causes really quickly that way. Good luck feeling like a real explorer in a national park :-) What if you could get a discount on e.g. your insurance payments for a similar device, permanently mounted on the outside of your residence, and readable on location by law enforcement or other responders (like rescue)? Would you be OK with other people taking the deal? That sucks. I thought I was the only guy who had to have those kinds of experiences. :-) In my case it was years ago, and since then my situation has improved dramatically. The things that seemed to help were: 1) Identifying the kinds of people I worked well with in the past and pitching those kinds of people on projects (I did some of this by learning the Meyers-Briggs function stack, which unfortunately doesn't have an axis of evil but is otherwise helpful in finding new clients who are somewhat similar to clients I liked in the past; ENFPs are a perennial favorite) 2) Identifying non-profits and other less rip-offy types of clients and showing them how I could help them 3) Saving enough money that I didn't have to work with any given client 4) Establishing firm policies like "You will pay 100% down if X and Y conditions are not met or do not apply, or if the total is below $N; otherwise 50% down and 50% prior to delivery" 5) Doing background-checking on all new clients, especially if they have fired one of my kind before (I usually call up the fired guy). #4 really rides on your reputation, so you may wish to have references on hand to give to potential clients. I'm celebrating my ninth year as a solo freelancer in rural California and things couldn't get much better, so I hope this helps you somehow. Warning: The second link above appears to show a dead body in a gruesome position Based on my immediate WTF IS POZIDRIV mental response, it must be another America/Europe thing. In my day-to-day American cheeseburger life I need phillips, flathead, maybe hex, and maybe torx. I carry a Victorinox Cadet because I cannot feel it on my person and it has the first two plus the pretty alox scales. I'll bet that's what the original fixers thought, too. :-) As many problems as this particular net situation brings, it would be foolish to step back and blame first world efforts. Further education is sorely needed. As education seeps into these system, corruption and foolish decisions are eventually called to account. Africa is not a monolithic problem with identical inputs and outputs everywhere. Assistance from first-world countries does actually make a difference, and comes in many, many forms, from medical care to microloans to security assistance and psychological trauma support. Cool! This is pretty nice. Are you able to edit gradients? I can't seem to get that functionality to work. I love using the built-in flight sim (flying over mountains and pausing to check out Panoramio photos is cool) but I was surprised to find how old the binary is. Hope they don't completely drop it. :-( It's Norwegian, but here's a pretty unique modern ship that I found fascinating: http://foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com/the-russian-military-despis... Given the style of blogging, I'm not surprised. High output, fast thinking...it seems more like one of many types of blogging, rather than blogging itself. And it seems like the type of thing that could easily imbalance your life, which may explain the need to make an exit. Hope he finds what he's looking for. Personally more blogging is in my future but several posts a day is probably out of the question. > And yet the needle moves forward, slowly. This is the expected input; candidate scientists are told to only expect to move their field forward by a tiny amount. The expected output, however, is off the charts. Every time I see one of those "Here's what NASA has contributed to the consumer lifestyle" news pieces, I cringe. There is way too much unhealthy pressure on scientists to say, "well, look what we did!" The general path of science is much more like a progressive series of "hmmm. HMMM!"s than these astounding chains of discrete discoveries that people are being conditioned to expect. But I guess when money has to pay for science, and tax money to boot, a certain type of person needs the dog and pony show. Bah. From the BBC video: "They rode the wave as it swept them above the trees and washed them back into the bay." Wow! I think I would be ready to move to the desert after experiencing something like that. You're getting downvoted, but I think it's not because your claim lacks merit; rather the book perpetuates many ideas, of which that may be one. I'm sure fans of the book don't wish to perpetuate falsehoods surrounding a topic like rape, but they may naturally take a different perspective on what is being celebrated by sharing this news. Really neat to hear it's being restored; a bit saddened that it's being done through a regressive tax though. Ideally the problems with that model will be recognized and workable alternative funding sources can come into effect. Thanks for the list. Looks like I'm just a "documentation" away from becoming a sanitary engineer on my lunch breaks! This is really interesting. I found a PDF with some neat details and imagery describing the thinking that goes into Auto GCAS: http://www.sfte2013.com/files/78993619.pdf I don't know if it's just coincidental, but a lot of the examples seem to be concerned with keeping jets from flying into mountains, as opposed to flying into level ground, which was the first thing that came into mind when I saw "Ground Collision." Wow. This combined with the fact that economic espionage has been receiving state sponsorship for a long time now is kind of unsettling. Cell phones are bad enough, but TVs...and really anything else that can use voice control (alarm clocks are my personal favorite) could be huge for spies. Oh my goodness. I didn't even think to search for an iOS version. "Net" has for some reason become one of my desert island games. (Thanks a bunch) I would make lists of: 1) PhDs in your area, with a focus on CS and related disciplines 2) PhDs in your area, with a focus on areas that need CS grads (e.g. business, etc.) 3) Types of people you work well with (judging by your past--previous jobs, professors, family, friends). Use any typology you want--"creative women in marketing," "decisive men who enjoy technology," "ENFPs of any gender in a creative role," whatever seems to get you a usable list. 4) People in roles that you would like. For example, a developer using lots of creative leeway to build new systems. 5) People in roles that work with people in roles that you would like. For example, a developer might look for people in online marketing or a specific field you want to work in. 6) People who have advised people like you--e.g. professors, counselors at schools (yours or other schools). Then I would contact those kinds of people (getting contact information via local Google searches, Facebook graph search, whatever works--and phone calls are ideal, email less so) and ask if you could meet with them for ~10 minutes for a brief informational interview. Basically explain your situation. See what they think. Ask them if they like their career (if applicable). Don't ask them for a job, but let them know that you are looking for work. If they offer to help you find a job, great. If they seem like they'd be a good friend, terrific. This is one of the fastest methods of starting from scratch and finding a job that I've found. Finding a job is an amazingly analog / human feeling-driven process and sending resumes and filling out applications all day often turns out to be a waste of time, but connecting with people is like manually spinning the warped analog cogs of this messy job-finding machine in your favor. Source: Work as a volunteer in a charitable organization, helping people find jobs / start careers. Edit: Just wanted to say, I've been in a "need a job now" situation before several times (thankfully in the distant past), and it can be pretty depressing. Please take care of yourself and hang in there--with your background you'll find something great for sure. That's funny. I felt almost the opposite, coming from Chrome. I completely blanked out the new tab page in about 5 seconds, and I was able to switch away from Yahoo in about 10. I'm not a big Firefox guy but was swayed by a recent writeup lauding the "Firefox is great for heavy tab users" aspect. That was sure a crazy situation in light of the fact that they have now partnered with (i.e. receiving money from) Yahoo. And it'll be interesting to see what happens in the future with the Yahoo / MS relationship. Have you read Lucifer's Hammer? There's a guy in the book who kind makes this his mission. This is so true. I make fractal art and desktop wallpapers as a hobby and it can actually be pretty exhausting (in a good way). Finding results for other humans is only part of the problem--finding results that keep my own continually evolving aesthetic happy is very difficult. But for "advanced" users this is a turnoff. I wonder what they are getting paid per-user, and if that amount is greater than what they'd make if they just charged for the app. > Web wipes aren't cheap. Asterisk-mart sells 48 sheets for $4. If you go macro first with regular TP and thus use one wipe per session, folding it over as needed for coverage, let's say you max out at $6 worth of wipes for a month because you don't know you're sensitive to gluten yet and you also wipe up some cat vomit every few days. That's still only $72 a year, man. Now: How many bathrooms does your house have? Let's say you have two bathrooms and want to use both. $500 on toilet seats? Better hope you're not a 300 pounder who rocks back and forth a bit when he's in a hurry, cuz you don't get Apple Care with those seats I'll bet. If you travel every once in a while, or need to use bathrooms at work, there's that factor too. I hear you. After not consuming any caffeine for around five years, I ordered a small caffeinated beverage to sip on while I watched X-Men: Days of Future Past in the theater. That turned out to be one of the most stressful moviegoing experiences I can remember. The movie was pretty extreme, but I was talking my buddy's ear off during the more exciting scenes and felt like I couldn't stop thinking and just enjoy the show. I walked out feeling pretty raw and chuckling at the thought of the caffeine as a light indulgence that I had thought would just remind me of my younger days. I'm still not dead set against caffeine for everybody or anything, but I doubt I'll drink it again by choice. You aren't fond of the name, but you try it on for size anyway. You wince as you feel the name tighten around your body. The name is (re)cursed! When you are spending almost $7B a year on shipping, and your customers are only paying $3B for said shipping, it's time to start padding the Prime features so you can take advantage of the good will when you make necessary adjustments later. They're in here, see 3:45. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCvwCcEP74Q Is there a big table somewhere that compares all these? Processing, P5, Nodebox versions, this one, etc. You should have included a description! I was about to post that link myself. It's a really impressive documentary about the race and shows why it's so difficult and what's so neat about it. The music score is awesome too. Totally ignorant of the tech here, but could they now do Netflix for Batteries? $9 / mo. gets you all the AA, AAA, D cells you require? This is cool to see. The other day a client with about zero technical expertise told me she had won a grant to develop an app, then went on to explain "it has to be a web app that can be used offline; it can't be a regular app." I was pretty blown away and immediately offered to code it for her, just because I'd much rather build and promote this kind of app. These new Chromium features give me hope that it might be even easier to enhance web apps across the board, in the future. The downside (or frustrating side) with this project is that 1/4 of the grant money is set aside for coding the web app, and while it's not a teeny sum, I'm wondering just how much "app planning expertise" is being brought into the game by whoever's getting the other 3/4. I will happily welcome it even if just to break down those gigantic walled gardens. But I can also think of a lot of dashboards I've built for clients where they really would have appreciated push notifications. That's pretty neat to hear. I used to use Pine on the Seattle Community Network back in the early 1990s and have been thinking of trying it again. Have you documented your setup somewhere? They're at least passively tracking, if not actively tracking. Your browser visits those pages and requests files from their server that contain the relevant code. And your browser sends along certain information in order to make that request. And this includes widgets like the list of a user's Pins or Tweets or whatever, not just sharing buttons. I've been using this one; pretty basic and straightforward: https://github.com/cferdinandi/social-sharing Nah. With my "no screens after 10" rule I'm still swimming in physical books, usually with receipts in them. This probably shouldn't be surprising news but it has some shock value. Twitter is very close to what some would consider a model civic communications platform. I remember hearing one tech pundit refer to it as "citizen's band radio for the 21st century." The idea that such an effective tool needs to generate revenue a la Facebook seems odd, even though I understand that it operates like any other business entity. I don't see why not. You can take the result of some effort and say, OK, this is a model for the kind of result we'd like, but are not currently getting from our more open, idealistic systems. There would probably be many benefits to such, err...open ways of thinking. Material Design? Man, I'm just excited to make one of those buttons you can't click on! If you already know how to build simple things, why not write some books and get publicity if you have the chance? It would only increase demand for things that you are hoping to build in the future. I can build things like crazy and I'm still hoping to write a book...someday... Looking forward to trying some of these. I usually try a tech podcast once in a while and feel like I'm working rather than relaxing. :) My favorite exercise-time podcasts have been Spycast, Film Sack, StarTalk, and Radiolab. Occasionally I'll search the podcast directory by personality so I'll find e.g. a podcast where Scott McCloud is interviewed, and listen to it, but not actually subscribe to the podcast. Congratulations, any way we can take a look at it? Just wanted to add onto this with some information I've gleaned lately. My business consultant takes me through a lot of different ways of looking at personalities and right now we're on Jung. A lot of INTJs hang out here; here are some common INTJ mental tricks: * Holding yourself to a higher standard than those around you * Expecting yourself to make extremely bold, large career moves * Holding yourself to a tighter timeline than you hold others * Expecting yourself to achieve things on an unrealistic timeline As INTJs mature (i.e. through and past midlife), it is common for them: * To learn to make the small, bite-size steps that can help them put their big-picture plans into action * To learn to be easier on themselves An INTJ in the grip of their inferior function (stress, illness, tiredness / exhaustion) will commonly: * Binge on things that indulge their senses (from TV to loud music to porn to food to exercise) * Get zero enjoyment out of the binging * Take an adversarial attitude toward the outer world (so-and-so is plotting against me, etc.) An INTJ can escape this by: * Using their gift for thinking to plan, learn, write, chart, and strategize about ways to escape their unrealistic expectations, currently sub-optimal situation, etc. * Remembering that what others think about you is often a result of that person's personality dynamics, rather than whatever you, (the INTJ) think the other person must be thinking about you. For example, if you think an ENFP may be plotting against you because of something he said, that probably says more about your stress levels than it does about the ENFP's disposition. A good reference (and not just for INTJs): "Beside Ourselves," by Quenk. I hope this can be helpful to someone. It helps me just about every day. The Wikipedia article does not make that point, and its section on criticisms of the MBTI (which itself should be treated differently from the general scope of Jungian theory, especially after a quantitative model of Jung's theory has been published, and further developments have been suggested) jumps around so much from micro-facet to micro-facet (effectiveness of executives?) that it is nearly impossible to take as a serious exposition. I am researching this area heavily myself and have to say that the Wikipedia writeup deserves serious TLC by those who have cogent arguments that lead to conclusions like the one to which you have leaped. > struck me Sorry, but other than possibly validating the existence of the intuitive trait postulated by Jung, I don't know that this information is really that helpful or valuable. :-) It may help you to expound on the concrete experiences behind your feeling. Too many annoying Facebook memes on the subject? Etc. Fascinating that you think you may be ISFJ or INTP. I am married to an ISFJ and have a few ISFJ friends and they are quite a bit different from my INTP friends and family members. Hahaha. That is true. One of my favorite ways of getting used to this is thinking of my biggest competitors as friends (or trying to). I would say "keep your enemies closer" but I really don't think of them as enemies. On the advice of my business coach I usually call my competitors to chat every once in a while and I think we mutually realize that we're just trying our best not to go obsolete. We also need each other's help from time to time. And we usually don't have quite the same business interests, so this naturally makes our businesses each appeal to a slightly different type of client. When a new competitor shows up, they are usually inexperienced and either won't last long or will end up joining our club of friends. That's just how it works. (Small business owner) Cool! Thanks for sharing. Yes, I've been aware of this since reading the Graphic Artists Guild Handbook in 1996. The number and type of things you cannot discuss (at least where I live) is very limited, and tend to be contingent upon (or take fruit in) specific market conditions that simply don't apply most of the time in my field. Interesting to read--best of luck to Aral. Nationalism seems to be spreading all over Europe, so I can understand why "where to go next" is a tough decision. Well, I'm just an outsider, but I seem to be seeing things like this more frequently with regards to the larger European countries: http://news.yahoo.com/germany-grapples-rise-anti-foreigner-m... Edit--video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZFmnz4ROEo Agreed. I'd be satisfied with nothing less than a mid-air explosion into fine particulate matter upon engine failure. wipes drone gook off face Seems like a good place to put Extreme Drone Crashes - Compilation 2015 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9rnTk6FBzs hehe > But some people tend to be elitist and frown upon them. :) That may be due to the fact that the little smile at the end of a sentence can look really self-satisfied or fake. Especially if you were to dismiss any complainers by calling them elitists, and afterward tack a smile on the end of the sentence. Here, I'm being nice too! :) :) :) Thanks for the information on Grasshopper. I use other software for procedural graphic works, so I was wondering--does Grasshopper do any kind of structural engineering support work, or is it mainly for auditioning procedurally-generated shapes? (BTW my CS advisor flipped his top every time he heard someone say they were studying CS to learn programming. I left CS after hearing that lecture a few times. :)) Fish is great. I used it for a couple of years, right up until I had to install a software system that made extensive use of bash scripts that were incompatible with it. At the time I was in too much of a hurry to figure out how to tell the software to explicitly use bash, or something along those lines. This weakness in sales-driven organizations applies to other types of employees, too. I used to be a graphic designer for one such organization, and it was next to impossible to create marketing collateral based on design standards; they'd rather buy it in a template kit from an office supply store than wait for a better plan to unfold. I later watched as they completely missed a huge opportunity to go upmarket with the proprietary hardware technology that the product staff developed. They were so obsessed with what was right in front of them that they became embroiled in tactics without strategy, and only the amazing breadth and depth of the market allowed them to continue making a profit without punishing them too severely. WordPress' API and its limitations are so annoying that I just can't imagine developing for this platform unless you desperately need money. Ideally they develop some new product that is more competitive than the current combination of WP & WC. It's a technical debt trap. You dive in with a one-click install and follow up with a bunch of plugins that seem to fit the bill. Then you spend 2-3x more time creating a custom theme for someone than you would in a sensibly-architected CMS, and only then do you begin to realize that maintenance costs down the road are going to be absolutely crazy. Especially when plugins X and Y start requiring a different theming architecture in production builds, and an immediate update to the latest version is now critical due to a security flaw. Then the plugin you were relying on for sub-task Z is sold to a third party, and while they keep promising to address security and usability issues, somehow you start to receive spam for telecommunications equipment through their support channels. This actually happened to me. Low-hanging fruit is often a mirage when it comes to the CMS world. Very helpful, thank you. Do you know if they have the ability to plot the various events of the collision by time, such that the bar plots could be shown appearing one after another as collision events are recorded? There's a video of the VR experience in SpaceEngine here (for what it's worth): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyMRzS9QQM Edit: Maybe even better, somebody's writeup of the experience: http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2qh37t/space_engine_... Wow, thank you. That CMS video is awesome! This really gives me more of a foothold on what is going on. I find that I care very much about desktop versions whether I'm on Mac or Linux. On Mac OS, it's been "is my CAD app ready for me to upgrade to Yosemite yet? Because I really need that weird behavior with system app X fixed." On my Linux desktop sitting next to the MacBook, it's been "I have everything just right, but the latest version fixes the memory leak in cups-browser!" In both cases the version question is very much in play. Thanks, that is the one I thought of when I saw the headline. Great video. Though now that I watch these with my kids, my favorite episode is the one where he goes to a restaurant and they make him a cheese sandwich. It's just so darn normal. > This is a dispute in which only the direct stakeholders (countries whose territorial waters adjoin this area) or international institutions such as the United Nations should get involved I disagree. If you have a military base in or a military or economic cooperation agreement with any of the adjoining nations, or if part of your economy transits the adjoining area, you should feel free to get involved at any time. You take the risk, but really, in a case like this it'd be dumb not to get involved when you are so deeply integrated. So China just gets to overrule every nation adjoining the Spratlys because you think they are less aggressive than the US? Doesn't make sense. Moral high ground or medium ground or low ground matters little when your partners in the area are asking for your help right now, today. You've got to do something, and the entire U.S. is part of that process. I was called hakujin once, by a very angry man--"iranai, hakujin ga kirai" was the exact greeting. Granted, I was a Mormon missionary knocking on his door to talk spirituality, but out of the thousands of doors I knocked, that one still stands out as pretty spicy. In comparison, gaijin never seemed that bad. Well, that particular former Jehovah's Witness's experience doesn't match my experience with my own religion. In fact I grew up with JW friends, so I'm not sure it's even representative of their religion. > This is why you might see me arguing against mocking religious people - it does nothing to convert them and may just strengthen their beliefs. It's a good idea, and the same principle really applies to any person or group, regarding any framework, religious or not. From atheists to zookeepers. Gaps? Probably: Some algorithms lessons, OS development, low-level thinking, definitely AI, etc. Not a big deal in the current web dev landscape, and definitely the sort of things you can pick up on your own given a need and a plan. Does the undergrad degree really make such a huge difference in those areas anyway? Reading your links, the known footprint between these governments seems quite different. Russia seems unique in its usage of these media. Faking a chemical disaster in the US, attempting to incite discord by faking a police shooting video, turning their own special LOIC on a NYT reporter...in comparison, the writeups on other nations' efforts (that we know about) leave a lot of room for this to be a false moral equivalence at this point. This NYT story is a pretty big deal in terms of providing evidence to that effect. I can't begin to imagine what that would cost in lost business due to downtime. gasp I just selected Netflix and AMP, and then filtered by year to the exact decade I was looking for, on the services I use! I was wishing for this capability just yesterday. This is incredible!!! Thank you. I used to help out in roujin hoomu (homes for the elderly) when I was a missionary in Japan. Meeting Japanese people who worked there and really gave a care was a huge experience for me. They genuinely tried their hardest to make the experience pleasant in these under-budgeted, dreary places. While we Americans were just a temporary sideshow, they were there to help for as long as they could live off the salary. Makes me sad but also a bit hopeful that those waves could build up over time. If I ever go back I will happily exchange my fascination with Manga or cool stationery or whatever for some more time trying to help out. There seem to be lots of different visualization methods [1] and the creator of musanim has posted an interesting history of their use with MIDI [2]. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hmwXThnqi0 [2]: http://www.musanim.com/mam/mamhist.htm Pretty interesting maybe-answer to that, from some searching: http://interviewly.com/i/nasas-new-horizons-oct-2014-reddit > Which language is used for programming New Horizon's flight software? How long is code? How do you make sure that it's gonna work? We don't do the coding for the flight software, that's SciOps. However here's what I know, each set of spacecraft commands is put up as a "command load", which has a name that's the year plus the day of year. So the 15188 load runs on July 7, and has commands for nine days. Each load has a multi week coding and vetting process and is simulated on the ground, on a system called "NHOPS", pronounced "nops". -AZ I emailed some folk, here's an answer to #3, from Jillian, one of the members of our SciOps team. 3: We have a program called Statesim that checks to make sure constraints are not violated. For instance the Alice aperture door shouldn't be open within 20 degrees of the Sun. We also have something called NHOps which is a software EM of New Horizons and the commands are executed on it and data is downloaded and reviewed by the instruments. We also had a rehearsal in 2013 for the Pluto Closest Approach load. -AZ Okay, here's an answer from Helen Hart at Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab (AZ): We do not program New Horizons flight software. We store commands, packaged into macros, in the portion of C&DH memory designated for command storage, and execute the macros via a Time Tag. See #1. How are we sure that it¹s gonna work? That¹s a really, really big question, involving multiple layers, multiple platforms, and a lengthy, intensive Load Build and Review process. For more details on the process, talk to the Science Sequencers. The command load is simulated in SEQGEN, which is also where it gets built. The Seqgen Modeling File contains hundreds of checks for problems with commands vs. the state of the spacecraft/instrument. The Seqgen modeling file also contains the Mission Operations Playback Data Volume models. We have a SOFTWARE SIMULATOR called stateSim which models the response of the spacecraft and payload to the command sequence. stateSim generates the file that Mission Operations Command Sequencer turns into the Command Sequence Timeline - the excel spreadsheet that is distributed as part of the load review process. We have HARDWARE SIMULATORS, called NHOPS-1 and NHOPS-2, which contains HARDWARE modules for the onboard processors, including C&DH-1, C&DH-2, SSR-2, SSR-2, G&C-1, G&C-2, P-Alice, LORRI, PEPSSI, Ralph, REX-1, REX-2, SDC, and SWAP. The NHOPS and stateSim simulators have different weaknesses; for example: a: NHOPS gets all the details of slews correct; stateSim gets the slew start time and duration correct, but does not track the exact path of the track because that part of the CG&C cannot be modeled in software. b: stateSim correctly predicts C&DH Thermal Control, but NHOPS does not predict this at all c: SSR usage: stateSim does not model SSR usage. NHOPS does, but gets the wrong answer for anything that gets Compressed or Packetized. SEQGEN is tied directly to commanded data downlinks, and cannot be manipulated to produce interim data volumes; it correctly models downlink data volume TO THE ACCURACY OF the Compression Ratios specified by the Science Sequencers (lately, DataTrack). -- Helen That's awesome, is there a list somewhere of the different experiments that have been done at MDRS? Funny how we just finished a discussion about "why haven't you switched to Fish yet," and now this comes along with not-fully-baked Fish support. :) Cool, thanks for the update :) I recommend checking to see if there's a class available where you live. I used to teach a kids 3D modeling class using Art of Illusion (great beginner 3D app) up in Portland, and I know that there were adult classes for e.g. Maya available as well. Since you're learning the fundamentals of modeling, lighting, rendering, and animation, it really doesn't matter what software you start with (really, it doesn't). In-person classes are amazing for learning about anti-patterns as you work on your projects. For example, just learning to navigate the various modeling views can be very tricky for beginners--many of my students would start arranging objects in a perspective view, and it was easy to point out the flaws in that approach early and get them back on a better path. Wow, that's fascinating. Would you happen to have a website somewhere that documents your experiences? I'm really curious. Ah, sorry, I was more interested in your biographical experiences, not so much the topographical details. :-) It's just that I don't know many who have had a job like yours, and in USSR. The hat came with a Visa gift card. If you look at his full text list, it's actually pretty impressive and full of things that would probably have significance to him. This is such a great opportunity. I hope they can expand the content to include information like 1) where should I look for it and 2) what do I do when I encounter it. This could help bring the general concerns out of that's-so-tinfoil territory and make the content more shareable with the general public. I wouldn't say it addresses the problem at length. At best it goes one level deeper than "you can't prove a negative" to say "you _can_ actually offer some evidence or probability for said negative" but even then it hands off the threshold of [what's been proven vs. not proven at that point] to epistemology. After that, the author concludes that you should never dismiss an inductive argument just because you think any probability it provides is immaterial. After all, we rely on induction all the time in day-to-day life! Well, duh. So let's hear it for induction, everybody. At least it gives us some probability. I dunno. It's just not as intriguing a line of thinking as I hoped it would be based on the title of the paper. Despite all the excitement about proving a negative, the author goes completely silent on the issue of how much probability proves what! Reminded me of MSN Messenger, AIM, Yahoo, ICQ...in 20 years from today I guess we'll have yet another string of service names dominating our signatures and about-me's. Can you explain a bit more? I'm intrigued. What does 2d == 1.5d mean? Was that how close you were nailing your estimates? If so, how did you get to that point? Just to clarify: They're talking about going into an air-gapped network (i.e. cut off from the outside world as far as network transmission of data goes) and using a conveniently-placed (and hacked) cell phone to read signals, convert them into useful data, and transmit that to the attacker? So the cell phone works as a sort of spigot that pours that data into outside networks? Let me know if I'm not reading this right. I texted my wife (then fiance) so much with this thing back in university. I bought two Cybiko Xtremes (still have them, dead batteries) and gave one to her for her birthday, which remembering her face at that moment really makes me laugh now. Pretty soon though, we were chatting in (e.g. Philosophy of Architecture) class when we weren't playing faux-tetris or some of the other games on there. We had a number of funny conversations that I wish I had saved somehow. A lot of them revolved around our nutty professors, one of whom had started a habit of eating out of a bag of chips while he started his lectures. " crunch crunch crunch so...what is a dwelling ?" At the time I also had an HP Jornada PDA which had some incredible features and a bright color screen, internet connection, etc. but was practically useless for chatting in this way, because there's no way I could have afforded a PDA for my wife. In fact, just comparing Cybiko with the Jornada, pretty much everything except for reading e-books and jotting quick memos was a waste of time on the Jornada. So it's amazing considering the price and hardware differences and how much I was using the Cybiko. I eventually loaded mine up with just about every app or game I could fit, and combined with my Sony Minidisc player my bathroom sessions at the university library went from like 6/10 (nice bathrooms) to 11/10 (nice bathrooms, ripped Internet radio music, ripoff arcade games). One of my professors once asked if anyone in class had a timer he could borrow, and when I handed him the Cybiko with the antenna still up, he kind of grabbed the antenna and folded it toward the screen like it was a stylus or something, then started to laugh with the class as it became clear this was the extreme definition of a gadget. One look at the screen, antenna, and all the buttons and most people would say, "what is that thing?" Finally on my graduation day I was chatting with my wife so much that after receiving my diploma I got mixed up and walked right back into the procession line instead of exiting stage rear. I almost went through twice, and ended up hiding behind a curtain slightly off-stage until the ceremony was over. Texting the whole time, and as my wife explained to my mom what was going on we were all cracking up. lol. Well, they had submersible underwater scooters back then. I thought that escape was pretty cool--Manfred Burmeister, 1969. It was awesome to open one of the manuals and see that it's hosted at archive.org. I really like using the reader software there, even on mobile[1], and have been reading a lot of texts recently, everything from the B-25 Mitchell manual to a book from the 1920s, full of essays on science and religion, to the Gregg shorthand manuals. It's really mind-blowing to even just browse a single collection like WWII and see what's available. Huge thanks to the team for everything they've done and continue to do. [1] Tap the magnifying glass icon, switch the layout to single-page mode, zoom as much as required to fit the page, and tap the pager arrows to switch pages. Zoom is preserved across page turns. Works especially well on higher-DPI screens. a) Are you serious about that second question and b) if so, can we discount thermodynamics in our answer? Otherwise it's kind of boring. "Essentially, all models are wrong, but some are useful." --George E.P. Box Giving possible scientific explanations for supernatural phenomena on HN: It's like asking for downvotes. There's very little social approval of that behavior here. How about something like this? You can opt to pay (e.g. hit a payment button inside your car) to enable manual, hands-on driving on a per-roadway basis. Otherwise you let the car drive in what it sees as the most efficient way, and pay nothing. When traffic problems are at their worst, you pay the most. Conversely, on an open road, no charges apply. In addition, some multiplier involving driving conditions (rain, wind, proximity to other vehicles) and driver stats (driving record) comes into play. > I consider it a basic point of computer literacy to understand this. Which statement does, by itself, a pretty good job of explaining why nobody even bothers to ask themselves if they are computer literate these days. > Marketing and design are surely down to a psychological science by now. Really? I just read an article about how Apple is intentionally avoiding a traditional social media presence as a part of its marketing strategy. So does the science work like, "if you are rich enough to buy out several independent nations, do not use social media for marketing?" Or what? And as a designer myself, I have to say "science" applied to design has a bad reputation among designers [1]. I put the word in quotes because true science is an interest of mine. And if one day in the future the application of science to design is solidified, hopefully this means fractal design software will rise from its current "American Idol without Simon Cowell" state of chaos to become part of the Adobe Creative Nebula, or whatever it's called by then. Because right now, the golden mean and fractals are just a couple of the millions of tools in a very intuitive toolbox, and they seem most likely to underwhelm when used alone as part of some grand demonstration of science meeting design. So: If there's a science to all of this, by all means elucidate. [1] http://stopdesign.com/archive/2009/03/20/goodbye-google.html Sometimes you don't want to have to worry about how long you're holding your finger down. It's much easier to control finger pressure than to guess how many seconds you have left before the screen changes fully into a new context. > “They are cut sodblocks turned upside down and stacked like bricks,” Lopinot said. Can anyone explain what a sodblock is in this context? I'm wondering why they would use this construction method. Do the roots of the grass hold enough soil together to make it viable for taller mounds like this? Thank you. Was it normally placed upside-down? What makes you say that? In the case of the I-90 project in the linked video, they addressed issues of risk and cost, as well as proof of use by animals, in the planning stage. Would nice if it were easier to self-host. Requiring Ubuntu 14.04 with 2GB RAM minimum...not terrible, but could point at a lot of work to be done to broaden the appeal. (Edit: And of course, a thank you to Dropbox for releasing it, this does look like a nice little setup) Wow, if the design that resulted in those now-well-known aesthetic qualities goes back that far, I wonder what they're thinking is new and cool these days. What you need is Microsoft Outlook. Nirvana TinyLetter is a really funky thing, and as you say it's more about nurturing an audience. What's special about it is more the way people have adopted it than anything. Like a public corkboard, its size and functionality belies its usefulness to a wide group (the analogy stops there, as these emails are one-way). Most of the TinyLetter emails that I get are just different, like a special recipe almost. I've been subscribing to tons of RSS feeds for business blogging recently, and while there are similarities, there's just no way I'd accept TinyLetter as a substitute for a feed. First there's the awkward idea of a gigantic email folder hierarchy to store it all. Then there are things like enclosures, a Youtube video, mp3 files, etc. Also, I've noticed that email links (view this in your browser!) tend to rot about 10x as fast and are not indexed by e.g. archive.org. So I dunno, it's just different tech. I saw so many of those when I lived in Japan. A friend of mine asked a woman if he could have a game system she was throwing away. She said "I don't care" and it was a first-gen Famicom with the gun and a bunch of games. In original box, in perfect shape. But overall it was kind of sickening to realize how the items varied by the culture but the symptoms of overabundance were the same. As a strong introvert I remember sitting in class, age 8 or so, and wishing with all my heart that I could have a big thick stone enclosure around my desk, extending halfway up to the ceiling. I was working on multiplication tables at the time and was feeling extremely overstimulated to the point where I couldn't focus (and to clarify, I didn't know I was overstimulated, or even that I couldn't focus, at the time). Since then I've learned more about introversion, and I now look back and recognize the brief moments when the school system tried to reach into my introvert life and make things easier. Unfortunately, by the time they filtered from administration down to me, these attempts (e.g. typology testing for career and school advice, or special workshops) were either so watered down as to be completely useless or so boring-sounding and voluntary that no student in their right mind would attend them without prodding. I was a teenage DARE ambassador, taught younger kids how uncool drugs were. But that wasn't nearly as effective as the time I drew a caricature of the class's newest drug user and a friend made 50 copies of it. Major fireworks, major drama, and all adults who wanted to know were now in the know. I may have almost destroyed that poor thing's life, but in doing so I believe I found a faster-acting solution than DARE, at least for kids who didn't want their parents to know. Did you see the video of the DEA agent who shot himself in the foot during a K-12 presentation? Tongue in cheek solution. No one should do this. The fireworks enveloped us all. I live and work in the emerald triangle now. There are so many stories like yours that it's more of a nuanced discussion: For whom, and at what age, is how much of which variant too much? :P I think it's in the beginning of Operating Manual For Spaceship Earth by R. Buckminster Fuller, where he says that he determined that he could predict advances around 25 years out and still be reasonably accurate. After that, no bet. But people would still tell him he was a century ahead of his time. Anyway, same idea. You should nail down this story. Write the guy, ask for background, confirm your version of the story, etc. The reason I say this is, if your memory is off by a single degree, that could change the entire story here. If your professor's memory is off by a single degree, getting that resolved could prevent some other people from hearing the story and going down a rabbit hole and causing themselves unneeded anxiety. I've never read a hypnosis book that suggested people would do things against their will, but that is different from being open to suggestion. I'm a member of a religion that is often thought of as a cult, and a website where I share my experiences in said religion is often Googled by people looking to confirm their cult-oriented thinking (edit: to clarify, they are googling to confirm that their assumption, that religion X as a cult, is true). So I ended up doing a lot of reading up on brainwashing. My tack was to determine the objective signs of brainwashing or mind control, and it was a very productive exercise, even though I came up negative regarding my own experience. What did fascinate me, though, was learning about Douglas Rushkoff's research on our consumer culture. "The Persuaders" (Frontline/PBS) is a pretty amazing show that gets at what I suspect is currently the biggest brainwashing-equivalent threat that we face. It's been a while, but if it helps, I divided my research into different categories, like the signs that you'd expect from an organization using brainwashing techniques, the objective signs that you'd expect in a leader or leadership team using brainwashing, and the objective signs of someone affected by brainwashing. Using #2 as an example, some people assume that because an organization has a publicly-visible leader, that person calls the shots (edit for clarity: when in fact the organization may rely most on local councils, etc. and not so much on the figurehead). That's why it's important to be clear on one's own status--outsider or insider. This was a huge research boon for me. That clarification results in a better idea of your own biases, and also gives you an idea of the way your opposites (outsiders if you're an insider) may be getting their information or education. It is extremely easy to get one's own subjective thinking caught up in this, no matter what your position. For example, some frequently-listed signs of brainwashing are "emotional attachment" and "dependency." Not very helpful in some hopefully obvious ways; these terms are practically plug-n-play with confirmation bias. On the other hand, it _could_ be helpful information if you developed a set of criteria. Some have tried, as I recall. Nothing scientific because you essentially end up typologizing. The other rather frightening thing was learning about government-sponsored anti-cult movements, like the fairly recent movement in Russia. TBH, the whole thing was pretty jacked up, and I cut it short when I started reading about possibly innocent people getting locked up in psych wards. Another surprising "anti-cult" force commonly listed is the media, and this seems like it could hold true at least to the degree that a news outlet is willing to sensationalize vs. provide solid reporting (then you get into what is solid reporting, etc.). After researching that, IMO if you're getting cult information from the media, it's a good idea to remind yourself that it's not the same as doing your own research, no matter what the facts are about the organization in question. Ah, so just to clarify regarding insider / outsider terminology, I'm getting those terms from my research into religion in general and anthropology[1][2] rather than my own religion. But that made me chuckle a bit, the idea of a bunch of stepford wives chanting "outsider...outsider" and banishing someone. That is a familiar sort of stereotype to me as an insider, though many outsiders (again, not really my term, just a convenient abstraction) haven't usually seen such a mental concept through to completion via e.g. direct research, so it's still a shockingly common perception. I have some pretty hilarious anecdotes from encounters with those perceptions, but they are long to tell. (BTW I'm happy to leave the non-scholarly use of terms like "outsider" to nation-states[3]...hehe) [1] http://www.amazon.com/Insider-Outsider-Problem-Study-Religio... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emic_and_etic [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaijin And "activate every push notification available on my device Thursday". Yeah, how...what is that? XML and XHTML are two different things. Related, but different. XHTML is no longer encouraged for website markup, that part is true too. That does not mean that XML is no longer encouraged. > Some modern translations are much, much better Not that this issue is really closed for debate or anything...far from it Wow, the silent hyperspace mode followed by the red alert alarm sequence is pretty cinematic! Had to watch that a few times. That'd be awesome. Heck after a lot of mobile use recently I've decided I'd be willing to start using a stylus instead of my finger again so that some of those gigantic [ w h i t e s p a c e ] buttons could give way to tight groups of actually helpful buttons. Oh man. Huge flashback to downloading FastTracker 2 back in '93, excitedly hitting "play" on e.g. Chillzone.xm by Norfair (edit, actually that tune wasn't released yet in '93, but there were so many great tunes) and seeing 32 waveforms going at the same time, sending amazing sounds through the Pro Audio Spectrum 16 I had gently installed in my ZEOS 486 DX/2 66 MHz. Amazing to see it all there in JS today...wow. Thanks for sharing the article. (Wait...where is Nibbles?) I always wished I knew how to work ST3. I ended up instead mailing away for a copy of Modedit shortly before the really user-friendly FT2 was released. Whoaaa! Thanks, worked great here. That is terrific to see it running like that. :) Sounds like two things: 1) Firing people blindly and 2) Doing #1 to fund an expensive hobby. Neither one really demonstrates responsibility that you'd want in a good leader, to say the least. So to your question: Nothing. But embracing parent's experiential data: Everything. I got lectured a bit by dad when I showed him a cool "violent" video game in 1987 or so. I think it was a C64 game, maybe Commando. He told me it was neat but he'd much rather see my brother and me creating things and learning. We would later leverage that little fact into our its-an-education-system arguments when we asked for an upgrade to a Commodore Amiga. I would like that. For comparing many software projects I sometimes use "how complete is the Twitter profile" as a metric, just like a lot of people use "how does the website look". One software project that I've been involved with for over a decade still uses the same old stale graphics, and it's basically telegraphing the fact that the SABDFL is not big on letting other people contribute to areas he's not comfortable with. We _are_ terrified about obesity. The weight loss market in the U.S. is at roughly $60 billion. But I wonder how long a single person can remain terrified about anything, or is indeed terrified by e.g. terrorism. I didn't believe you at first, and then I tried it. Bravo. That same article has a great video of a very nice deescalation by Seattle PD. So clearly not all Seattle cops should be lumped together as overreachers. When a consultant comes in and interviews you about "what exactly you do," nodding generously and saying, "oh wow, yeah" every few sentences. When management seems to continually allow ridiculous overreaches in employee behavior, especially when such behavior is critical of management. As a fractal artist myself as well, I've been ranting about this to myself lately. I've been thinking that the problem is inherent to algorithmic art in particular; I guess I can actually see some worth in renderings of e.g. Pixar characters, but maybe that's because I have kids who appreciate them, or because I've browsed Pixar art books. What I've noticed is that in order to make fractal art that typical art gallery-types find worth their time, you have to take on a kind of Simon Cowell role and inject your own intuition or library of culturally-attuned sensation memories into the creation phase, turning it into more of an audition phase. "This one just sucks...this one is OK...this one needs a little tweak and it'd look great, kind of like a rainy summer day." In order to make your product useful to other humans, you have to typologize, sometimes really brutally, and especially moreso since your computer can just keep pumping this stuff out. If you go the other way and shun the story, shun the critique, and say "typology is for the closed-minded," you can end up in scientism, completely free of such hyperbolic typology but lacking a compelling presentation of a set of convergences. Lacking a story, lacking any depth with which humans really identify. No matter how much machinery goes into computing scientific results, the results are still somewhere along a normal curve, and unfortunately that's not super useful to humans. But psychologically we find extreme typologies very useful. As a group, we'd rather say "ooh, a sports car" or "oh wow, dripping ice cream!" than "oh, it's a blob that could be any number of things." At its most vain, the typology-free approach can end up as a sort of pornography, an obsession with process to the exclusion of context, and to the deep satisfaction of barely anybody. That's why I really get frustrated with fractal art or generative art. After a point I have to put on my designer hat, and I might as well have painted the thing from scratch anyway. Or I might as well have used the software more like an artist would use Alchemy, as a sort of imagination cue. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYYSxZZzgjc Hey, I really appreciate you sharing that. Those seem like great ideas to me. Best of luck to you as you get that into motion! Wampaku has worked out very well for my team. My local IT companies seem to do fine...can you explain? > For better or worse, the economic and political restrictions China enacted allowed for local companies like Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent (makers of WeChat) to utterly dominate the Chinese market Well, that's the problem and the solution, as you hinted. At worst, the US giant Google is equivalent to what China has done. At best, it's better, because the US government didn't have to meddle quite so much to force such growth to occur. So I don't really see how Baidu is some terrific example of IT flourishing. If anything, Google, Facebook, and the companies that will follow their inevitable fall are noteworthy. And if you don't like Google, you have alternatives for every one of its services. Same with Facebook. Really viable alternatives, too. :) Actually Ford Shorthand was made in part for this purpose (loose obfuscation) and is much easier to learn since you can write out full words instead of learning abbreviations. http://www.fordshorthand.com/ No, people gave twice as much of a care how the website looked, and the tools were basically tables. The bottom line for getting hired as a high-level web designer was "can this person look at 1000+ lines of table markup and be patient enough to figure out how to prevent our email address from going off the page in an 800px browser window". Seems like the TL;DR would be something like: Man sees planet pass in front of the sun, but with fuzzy & bright bits & bulging where otherwise sharp edges around the planet & sun would be. Man then proceeds to explain why science is complementary to christianity. Crazy, about 20 years ago I read an article saying turkey tails were probably a huge cause of obesity in pacific islands. Then just now I wondered if I had confused them with mutton flaps...but no. Separate things! And it appears Samoa banned turkey tails in 2007 [0] until their desire to join the WTO _forced_ them to drop the ban completely as of 2016! Insanity. Seriously, these people are being abused, are they not? 0: http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2013/05/14/182568333/sam... Good point. It makes me wonder if someone near the top of the food chain at Apple was thinking "not really our focus right now anyway". Are the "don't eat me" signs of an incorrectly-followed process pretty obvious? Just wondering for next time I come across...err...out of curiosity So did you complete the book? I always appreciate some helpful furigana. > or there's some sort of corruption around it. Does this project count as "public procurement?" If so the chances of corruption would seem higher: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corruption_in_Morocco > (that is usually the problem, as SF has a bad habit of infect them with malware) SF is under new ownership as of last week, and they've already removed the most problematic behavior. If you find malware you should let them know, as the new ownership seems much more on the ball. > much friendlier I'll say. Just watching the video I felt like I had a peek into developer heaven. Pretty nice amount of polish there. The plug-ins. These have cost businesses a lot of money. I used to provide training for really highly customized WordPress sites and can still recall former DBAs wondering out loud why the vendor couldn't provide a simpler solution. "Because you aren't important enough to them" was really the only answer that would have made sense. The plug-ins. These have cost businesses a lot of money. I used to provide training for really highly customized WordPress sites and can still recall former DBAs wondering out loud why the vendor couldn't provide a simpler solution. "Because you aren't important enough to them" was really the only answer that would have made sense. > I have a hunch that most people who tend to read self-help books about habits work in such unstructured situations. Yes. I do this and am self-employed. I developed a measurement spreadsheet for daily/weekly satisfaction and eventually figured out a good way to keep negative outcomes in check. A lot of it involves being very protective of my time and forcing balance into every day. I also used to teach artists and the really high-end artists always laughed and said they were very organized, contrary to society's expectations of them. This is very similar to the way my team of subcontractors works. The only downside is when you are the only member of the team who is not up for a particular job. That can cause some friction. > sunset They might like that it implies more of a gradation than a binary on/off. A lot of these companies do help people migrate, etc. before going completely offline. I dunno. I just set up DreamSNES for my son the other day and he played Metroid until we basically had to threaten to burn all of his toys just so he would put down the controller. But yeah, I guess speaking of myself there's not a lot of lasting interest there. That would be terrific. Can you imagine the decrease in data costs vs. increase in usability / experience once a few popular services were available? IDK the one where you jump out of a crashing spaceship and explore some lonely tunnels. > Core problem is that [some] > creators of value want to be paid for it. The WWW has been a proof of concept of how much people will do _without_ direct monetary compensation. If you're thinking who's going to build Kayak on a glorified Gopher though, maybe you should start by asking where audiences will go when they find something that provides a better experience than Chrome. I love the archive.org online reader. I was surprised at how well it works on my phone, where I have a bunch of open tabs holding my place in various books. I wouldn't mind if some of the current sci-fi magazines would let me open to a reading view like this, and then hide the controls: https://archive.org/stream/1967-12_IF#page/n5/mode/2up > The vulnerability here is tricky to exploit but actually simple to describe. Yessss finally > There's a padding oracle hysterical sobbing sounds So the question is, how's the watch otherwise? :-) If you can, start passing around links to Manager Tools or just drop references to it. It's a podcast where they absolutely hammer leaders on issues like doing one-on-ones (this problem often goes right up to CEO), running meetings well, etc. With any luck management will pick up on it and change while you're still there, but if not--these people will probably be managing other people for the rest of their lives so someone somewhere will probably be grateful. Anybody know how long the reboot takes? That seems like important information. Especially if e.g. your AAMs need directions from the master system (?) in order to take over tracking by themselves. Other dangers are more present and tangible. Among the great nations, who will drop their gun first? That might be a good question to start with. Otherwise people will rightly think you are a kook, because there will be no future us anyway, without security considerations here and now. OP's sample size is just low. My kids' mom happens to be incredibly great at noticing minute details that went wrong in websites. Sometimes a competitor of mine, like a big agency to which I lost a bid, will launch a new site here locally and I'll ask her to let me know what she thinks just so I can gloat. I have worked with other moms who suck at details but do incredible brand strategy, etc. Seriously, if you're not running a study and you need to typologize to _any_ degree, you should at least pick up e.g. MBTI because it is so much further down the road than "moms". I like this. Not because I use this process or even Emacs, but because it focuses on the center of the issue: Bringing your full mind to bear on the object at hand. If there's anything that will de-stress a frustrated hacker, it's that sort of directed, decisive action toward the best perceivable outcome. Often you don't even have to save your notes file if you are just using this as a method to defeat procrastination or build up momentum for a busy day. Many of mine don't survive the day and that's fine. I don't see why it would be more motivating than just getting the current cash value of the stock, in a situation like Amazon's where you _maybe do, maybe don't_ really influence the stock price. Are you saying you write such influential code that you think you will manage to tip things in your favor on such a grand scale? The way those artifacts gradually start to blend with the greenery is fascinating. It'd be fun to play there as a kid I'll bet Some Extras; i.e. no air conditioning > new Coke had a huge backslash Sadly no appropriate MS-DOS jokes come to mind That's cool, I remember the yen signs. I lived in Japan for a while and studied Japanese but have never used an actual Japanese keyboard (just various IMEs over the years). What keyboard do you use? [/guy who was just modding NIBBLES.BAS yesterday] This is so great. It's like watching an early 20th century period piece unfold. I'll give it a shot. I've been getting out of bed at 4-5 am for the past 5 months when I have no need to other than to accomplish more personal stuff. 1. If you need to get up early for work, leave a good handle on it the night before. Like leave detailed notes on how to accomplish the next step or steps. Detailed enough that your first half hour to hour will be brainless peace and harmony. 2. Leave an exciting reveal for the morning. Say you finished building a cool new feature. Don't try it out until you wake up. I like to leave a 3D image or animation rendering overnight. 3. If possible change your schedule so that the early morning can just be full of fun stuff. 4. Plan to lay in bed for about an hour before you fall asleep. Incentivize it with a bedtime-only iPad or a pile of good books for bedtime only. 5. Lay out your clothes for the morning, the night before. 6. Do not get out of bed cold unless you find that invigorating. I bought 5 long-sleeve cotton shirts and sleep in those and some comfy pants and short socks. If I get hot, I use fewer blankets. I also keep a coat ready to put on. 7. Make breakfast or a cup of tea/water beforehand. 8. Make a fun routine. I bought a nice radio for early morning use. It picks up stations far away and I listen to it while I work. 9. Plan to take a nap later whenever needed. Schedule in the downtime. 10. Lay out a plan for your entire tomorrow. I do a mind map on paper. With this done the evening before, there should be nothing left to avoid thinking about in the morning, making it easier to consider getting out of bed. Edit: And yes, it will change your life and people will wonder how you do it. Also I consider this practice a great burnout-prevention tool if you can keep work out of it (or out of the rest of your day). Thanks! First, I'm not as likely to do any planning or detailed planning when I wake up at say 7:30 and immediately need to get kids to school. It probably won't happen at all. So with that taken out of this equation, the rest takes me maybe 10 minutes to do. In the evening just laying in bed now puts me to sleep in about a half hour. And pre-sleep in-bed stuff is remarkably similar to my normal couch stuff anyway. I can't give exact figures but even being conscious that early in the morning seems to be some sort of amazing life hack, like you are sitting there going "I did it. I did at least that much today." There is some holistic benefit outside of the spreadsheet, in other words. But regarding planning in general, I know I have made some astounding productivity gains with planning. The first time a planning session saved me four hours of work off of a six hour estimate, I put away my hotshot coder/designer mentality, redoubled my planning efforts and started flow charting, mind mapping, etc much more frequently. I don't plan everything out with exactitude, but let's just say that while I used to laugh at those obsolete books on flow charting, now I pore through them to see if I've missed any tips. And I use them for all kinds of things, not just coding. A design agency asked for my template a while back and I made it available on the web for libreoffice users. 6. Opposite is true in my case. In fact going to bed late was causing more bickering in the morning, and my relationship with my SO was suffering from that. Plus she was always saying, "I wish we could get up earlier." Since I started going to bed earlier, she's able to do that more often. My own life plans accelerated too; I'm more an ambitious and energetic. Since late last year, I lost 80 pounds to reach a healthy BMI. Getting more specific, I received feedback that "physical affection between us is more frequent now and I wonder why?" Etc. 4. I had read about this too. However, it isn't true for me, or at least I associate my bed with general pleasantry and I sleep great. The biggest sleep aid I found back when I had insomnia was writing 1,000 words before bed every night, but I don't have that problem now. 9. Not sure what to say; I read a lot about naps and as a result I think it's OK to have mixed feelings about naps. If you don't want to nap, there are lots of alternatives depending on your schedule. Some people slow their schedule and get more done. Others meditate. I hope you take whatever steps necessary to maintain optimal cruise mode. Google free libreoffice flowchart template and you can't miss it, blue background. > One of the author's here I'm feeling so conflicted all of a sudden and it's even April 1 Yeah, but these people with such great apps are also consuming stuff (like apps) created by people with more expensive hardware. A Pakistani friend of mine just received a laptop from a government program and he seemed like he was about to burst with joy. Now he has more power to create. For the foreseeable future, the guy with the laptop and phone will be able to do more than the guy with just the phone. And any person with six monitors stacked, a nice keyboard, a mouse, an office chair, large desk, dedicated office phone, large screen TV, new gaming console, cup full of pens and a pad of paper (all these are technologies) plus a laptop and a smart phone will probably tell you the people in developing countries are missing out if they want to experience what he experiences, let alone compete with him. This is why all that stuff is still on the market, and people are really pessimistic and fearful about whatever weird plans Apple has for an iOS/OSX merger. Wait so where are you on the diesel yes/no question Can there be a minimum average speed past the first lap? Something to preserve the appearance of a race? :) Nah, I think you'll have more personal hygiene kits being carried around. Hit the market now and get in before the rush. Gantt charts helped me and a group of subcontractors compete against some huge corporate teams. It's legit to complain about a lack of gantt charts. I run Xubuntu 14.04 here and it's been great. I thought it was a worthy upgrade to 12.04. Also I just put it on a friend's new Lenovo (dual boot) at his request and he is enjoying it, having only used Windows before. So I kind of get the feeling that OP has at least a few very particular system-specific or setup-specific things (I don't even use bluetooth, let alone on multiple systems) going on that aren't affecting everybody. Could be wrong. My main machine has been a Macbook Pro for the last 4 years, and as long as I don't need to be using Photoshop or Coda, I'd rather be using Xubuntu on a system with even half the specs. > Taken to an extreme, everything is unhealthy. This really needs context in order to be considered a relevant phrase. I've had close friends use it on me when I lost over 30% of my obese bodyweight on a diet. Others use it to effectively say, "healthy living is unhealthy," which is of course false. I believe such a phrase often comes from a place of fear, as do arguments like, "if you are going to stop doing A, you might as well stop doing B, which also comes from the same roots as A!" Points for imagination but humanity doesn't really hold such requirements for us. I thought this was going to be about link rot or something but not security...wow, quite fascinating Very similar to what my parents (actually just my mom) did initially. Mom's complaints later faded as she encouraged me to befriend some neighbor kids who were being ostracized because of general nerdiness & neediness. In fact at that point she was asking me if I wanted to go play games at their house, not to convert them but rather to ease their social pain a bit. To this day I am glad she raised me. And I play RPGs with my kids and find alternate non-satan-involving scenarios just by default :D RT is to the Russian worldview as McDonalds is to the American healthy eating movement. Sorry, but it really is that bad. Hi, just saw your reply. I'm glad it helped. Other books I recommend are "The Wisdom of the Enneagram," (very good advice, though based on a different test) "8 Keys to Self Leadership" (fun exercises for INTJs, mainly Ni, Te, Ti, Se, and Fi, but also Fe and Si if you really want to round out your personality--btw Nardi himself is an INTJ) and "The New Diary" by Rainer (a good way to coax out helpful extraverted thinking in an INTJ). Online references I like include the Socionics wiki and the Personality Junkie website. http://personalityjunkie.com/the-intj/ Hope that's helpful. > But they're perfectly happy to confuse and harm others with their disingenuous rhetoric. Well, we don't want to moralize or anything. (Because somehow drawing shaky conclusions from perfectly good data is worlds better than moralizing...) Like one of those corny people who tells you to keep a gratitude journal. Let's not be that guy. But you should _really_ keep a gratitude journal. This was an oddly-worded comment. I read two sentences and still didn't understand anything about the referenced "E-Tailer" corporation. Is this what upvotes have come to? A lot of developers still don't do this often, don't do it properly, or don't know what to call what they're doing. To you it may be 101 stuff, and it is to me, but if you were educated in front of, say, a form designer, that's a hard habit to break. This reminds me, I'd really like to know what to expect with a 4K monitor in 16.04. Curious what you want to remove in Windows 10. Not an evangelist, just set it up on a dual-boot refurb for a friend and thought the initial experience wasn't bad. That's great to hear, thanks. I'm using Xubuntu most of the time but I'll probably give it a shot and upgrade myself. While it probably confirms a lot of fears around here, this comment is pretty hyperbolic. That is to say, it captures the lowest lows (replaceable cog) and some of the highest highs (experimental physicist in Tetris universe). But most of us are not really suffering under those conditions, except (critically!) in an imagined way. > it doesn't require any insight, unless you intend to write good software, but no one cares about good software. This last statement is demonstrably false. Many people care about good software. Just like they care about good cars, good vacations, good hot dogs. But still, grumpy developers will upvote this and believe in it. They then become a self-fulfilling prophecy. They see threats that don't exist, then at some point they call out those threats and in doing so cash in their chips. I've seen many smart developers miss great opportunities in doing this. They could be learning to make their own terms and push back, taking advantage of high demand. Instead they become a plumber, landscaper, or Ph.D., thinking the grass really is greener over there. Well, maybe so. But that mentality has not changed, so what are the real chances? How soon until a Youtube user inhales the contents so we can all watch? Usually when you think you can find some new treasures in there fast. I use an API cheat sheet all the time. Also when the topic at hand isn't very google-able and the cheat sheet is the next most efficient choice. But a lot of the time cheat sheets get useless fast. Thanks for sharing. I like your idea and noticed that big lunches help me through the evening. Can I ask: What percentage of your weight are you losing per week? I'm doing diet and exercise at the same time and was reading some ideas on percentages to expect/aim for. I had a similar experience when I was a bicycle-riding missionary in Japan. I unwittingly reduced my calorie count drastically one day by switching up my breakfast menu and had to return and refuel early. At the time we were riding about 60-80km a day. Thanks! I'll check out the link. > Alas, the perfectionist in me wishes I could get a proper 100 in both tests... I have a client that is hoping for a similar result. I worked for half a day to raise their mobile score from 60 to 71, eliminating all JS-related concerns. Then I ran the test again without making any changes. The JS section was still gone, but the score changed to 59. It really sucked to write that one up to the client; luckily they are pretty patient. If anyone is wondering what Tate Mode might be, "tate" is a Japanese word that indicates the property of standing up, or being upright. It is pronounced tah-tay. Yeah, regarding the not sorry enough position, people of the West generally broadcast toward Japan rather than the other way around. Read a book like "Senso," a compilation of letters to a Japanese newspaper by Japanese people sharing their recollections of the war. The sorrow becomes apparent. The shame is not hidden. Did you miss the FP/Lazarus resurgence recently? The forums are active, they made a nice introductory video, it's cross-platform...since I think we're talking "really dead" here, I doubt it qualifies. There are a lot of people still writing BASIC code. PureBasic, QB64, FreeBASIC, etc. Check out how active those communities are. Has everyone _really_ abandoned it? The bar for dead is just that: Dead. > because who writes malware for a 30 year old OS? Careful. I believe I just read an article (Wired?) about some hackers doing exactly this. Security through Seniority might be a good name for the mindset. :-) > Finally, I will say it bluntly: I am a developer, and I am not paid 40 $ / hour to produce a stupid idea which will change the world. I don't understand, could you re-phrase? Also, do you see your current hourly as sending a high, middle, or low end signal to clients? It's a much safer platform these days... ...most of the sites with really important data have long since migrated away. Haha I built my own with an off-the -shelf CMS (Textpattern) and a bookmarklet. Works great, almost 3000 links in there, searchable, etc. I wrote a tutorial on it for txptips.com. A lot of artists in various industries use Alchemy to generate ideas like this. I like to use the ms reading on my stopwatch when I don't have anything else nearby. I'll draw up a few scales like inorganic organic, long short, heavily armed unarmed, and then get a 0-99 ms reading for each by pausing my stopwatch. Edit: Example. https://www.instagram.com/p/BG0Gr5BRBs7/ The same can be done for character gen, scenario gen, life choices :), etc. I like having VLC around but as a day-to-day music player I find it uncomfortable. I have been looking for iTunes alternatives for normal mp3 listening and so far I really like the simplicity and purpose-built nature of qmmp and a bunch of playlist files. It's a mix of different issues going on in that comment: - Some kind of perfectionistic NIH accounting system is probably not what people have in mind when they talk about this personal finance accounting being useful - The project details seemed to overcome the initial scope - Rather than addressing the need for a more elegant framework for personal accounting, OP decided to just make more money, and for all we know has discarded personal financial accounting - We know not what kind of blind spots this may have created (for real: You are absolutely discarding a level of granularity and the freedom to find a way to make use of it) - While we can trust that OP will probably be fine, we are left to wonder if it's really so great to tell people not to do this kind of accounting when you kind of turned it into a hyperbolic mess when you implemented it yourself. As a Mormon myself, I've never heard of this guy or his plans. I've heard of lots of "niche" Mormons with crazy ideas though, so I read on for entertainment purposes. I was pretty surprised by the quality of thought going into the project. This guy probably has a lot in common with the HN crowd so I can see why the article was submitted. He's a type of visionary/intuitive/big-picture thinker, someone who is concerned about the quality of systems, sustainability, things like that. The end of the article outlines the problem nicely though; there's a real conundrum--do we trust the guy who seems to know what he's doing and addresses the exact problems we complain about, or do we trust our fears that something always seems to go wrong? That's really cool. Do you know of any sources for his inspiration other than JS? And any standout memories of your uncle you can share? He seems like a really intelligent guy. It'd be neat if some scaled-down version of this could be tested without creating so many waves. That's pretty cool, didn't know about it. Thanks. I thought it was interesting that their sales went up in a down housing market. That seems like a pretty clear mark of quality. How do the Twitter attacks work? Just malware links on the Twitter service that are working via the spear phish? The article didn't seem to go into any detail there. > Shadows and subtle color reflections are a major part of that "layered paper" aesthetic. They're a part of design language, raw elements of design. This can get much bigger than the Material Design of now. It can make sure that the subtle or even zany, domineering design of tomorrow has just the right level of refinement for its intended audience. IMO as a graphic designer and as someone who has been doing 3D rendering as a hobby for 15 years, it's pretty awesome to think about PBR moving into the area of UI. Can we just create a community standard of plain-jane HTML to separate it from all this "publisher" junk that AMP stands for, and then build a gigantic web ring and a search engine and all that? Like tilde club but with standards enforcement. I'd put a weather forecast site like that on my home screen in an instant. > Make sure to wait two years Haha, this reminded me of a friend who did a summer engineering internship with a U.S. automaker. He came back and related one of the most important things he learned: "never, ever buy a first-run car." I remember hearing him tell about tolerances still being adjusted after all these cars had shipped, cringing to think of all the problems that could cause. Me too! Minus the Sweden. I played in Seattle. BTW here's my favorite theme remix. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Gf-M_j5MYQ What was their position prior to this? What changed to make this happen? Really curious. I like the accompanying "laptop fans" effect :D Haha. I did this with kung fu styles, wrote a little script that chooses a name, theme, and logo description. It'd be funny to see one for static site generators. Well, if you ever end up working with a company for which someone created a responsive email footer, I hope your missing their email is not a big deal. Not knowing what OP's specific change involves, key ENTP gifts are going to involve 1) ideating quickly over (or identifying relevant) new technologies or patterns in general and 2) constructing novel frameworks or sets of rules, and refining them to be more elegant over time[0]. If an ENTP working for me wanted to be less involved in managing the day-to-day, I'd be pretty happy about that and would highly encourage them to get their head back in the clouds and start proposing new solutions in our problem domain. The ENTP talent for ideation and ability to distill patterns into frameworks could be extremely helpful in creating breakthroughs in any industry. [0] 1: extraverted intuition; 2: introverted thinking, the primary and secondary cognitive functions used by ENTPs, based on the Jungian theory of cognitive functions. > so they will probably not enforce this new policy very aggressively. I don't know about that. I left one of those "in exchange for my honest review" reviews without using _that_ exact language, and they refused to post it. I had to re-submit with the right phrase pasted in. The language I used in the original review was even more upfront about receiving the product for free and my review procedure. So I'd guess that they will enforce something broadly across the board and then be kind of tone deaf about the way they enforce it. I think a big part of the problem with reviews is, when you're looking for something to buy, _and_ you're a savvy buyer, you generally want the product to fulfill conditions X, Y, and Z. If you receive it for review, you are generally only looking to fulfill condition X, and _maybe_ Y. For example, you'd probably never think, "oh, I should test this bluetooth transmitter from the back seat of my carpooling minivan" if you work from home all day. That you didn't think of condition Z and still gave the product five stars will probably piss off somebody somewhere, but really, people with special conditions or who are aware of specific issues with that kind of product should be researching _within_ reviews, not just taking some random reviewer's five stars as a green light. They should be asking product questions. They should be contacting the manufacturer directly if they buy the product and they think it sucks. But they almost never do those things. I agree there are dishonest reviewers, but I think Amazon's goofy review system--in which 3 stars == failure, and 4 stars == "think twice," is really the perfect setup for that kind of situation. I gave it a shot and couldn't find the form. Before I got anywhere near it, Google Help seemed to suggest that the address to be blurred needed to be a violation of Google's policies or something. Great update and a nice blog. I wonder if he knows about the distasteful ads that are shown by Disqus, right underneath his own writing. So does the Mark Zuckerberg of today still have the ability to directly access that kind of information? What, if any, safeguards are in place? Asking because it seems kind of an obvious issue. Maybe they are fine. I saw people online raving about Quest bars, so I bought five different flavors to try. Result: Gastrointestinal issues I haven't experienced with other protein bars. And I didn't even like the taste. Even with that experience in mind, I'd probably try a Soylent Bar. Everybody's different.