Deployment and reproducible builds were so bad for us that we switched to Nix. It largely solved the problem, but it has us doing a lot of work to maintain our Nix infrastructure and definitions. Putting aside the misuse of the term, "emotional labor" as a problem strikes me as possibly the least significant of all problems faced by any people group in all of history. I wonder why we spend so much time and energy tackling these kinds of issues when there are so many more pressing problems (for example, the workplace fatality gap). If "emotional labor" is the next frontier for feminism, then feminism is a distraction and thus counterproductive. My understanding is that much of Europe was deforested during the Bronze and Iron ages, mostly for fuel to smelt ores. Hopefully someone who knows more can comment? OP said "Google", not the "US". What's "silly" about thinking males are the majority at Google? Manslaughter and murder are already criminalized, at least in the United States. Where do you live? > Men may be the majority of Google employees, but they clearly aren't the majority of the population. That suggests there is discrimination somewhere, either in Google's hiring approach or in wider society (it's unlikely that there is some innate difference between men and woman that would account for such a disparity). OP was citing Damore's claim about population level differences. Damore's claim wasn't that the US is 80% male so of course Google is 80% male, it's that men and women have different distributions for a given trait (hence, "population level differences") and these differences in distribution might account for Google's demographics better than discrimination. One such population-level difference is that women are far more likely to choose careers that are flexible or to leave the workplace altogether to start a family. By itself, this difference doesn't likely account for the whole disparity, but there are others as well--women prefer to work with people as opposed to abstract reasoning systems. It could even be true that men and women are on average exactly as qualified to be a Google engineer, but that men have a flatter distribution (more representation at the extreme low and high end of the distribution) and that Google samples from the high end, ergo selecting more males. Greater male variability is common in lots of species (including humans) for lots of different traits. It's also interesting that female participation in STEM is inversely proportional to gender equality; countries with very high gender equality (e.g., Scandanavian countries) have relatively few women in STEM while cultures with less gender equality (the middle east, India, China, etc) have far greater STEM participation. It also seems unlikely that discrimination is the cause since women achieved parity in medicine and law in the '80s and '90s when the fields were notoriously, overtly sexist, but the tech industry can't move the needle despite sinking tens or hundreds of millions into "diversity". It seems entirely likely that innate differences play a significant role. There will undoubtedly be a lot of (otherwise very intelligent) people who will read "population level gender differences" and interpret it as "Wait, you're saying X is true for literally every woman?! How can you generalize like that?!". Of course, this isn't what I'm saying or what the OP said or what Damore said, so let's not go down that straw man rabbit hole. > If we want a meritocracy and opportunity for all, and if we want to maximize talent in our workplaces, we need to counteract the discrimination that's actually happening and not act as if we are in another world. This is at odds with history. Our society has been trending toward equality since before the civil rights era, and the philosophy that drove the change was individualism--a _rejection_ of identity politics. It's the only philosophy that has ever effectively reduced racism. "Fighting racism with racism" has only ever triggered tribalistic reflexes which increase racism (hence the uptick in right-wing identity politics following the mainstreaming of left-wing identity politics). Racism in any form for any reason is deplorable, and it isn't an effective way to reduce anti-minority racism. > I dated a lovely woman who descended from the very Inuit tribes you two are hand waving at Wow. Just wow. You're bragging about dating an indigenous woman? I find that to be very colonialist and sexist. Your use of their lived experiences to make yourself appear woke is also problematic. I'm just kidding. Could you imagine how insufferably boring I would be if I left comments like these sincerely? Of course, there's no evidence that women are "treated like a second-class minority". There are individual instances where women fare worse than men (e.g., sexual assault victimization), but there are also individual instances where men fare worse than women (e.g., literally every other kind of assault victimization). It's probably more of a nuisance for people wanting to use the content. E.g., copies with different metadata or tags. According to https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18496054 , these programs have to halt? How does this system guarantee that the programs halt? Does this mean eBPF is not Turing complete? Pretty sure this constitutes illegal discrimination under US law? I suspect people see a lot of enterprise-y boilerplate (IAbstractFactoryBeans, for example), absurd inheritance hierarchies, and other things like getters and setters--they think these things are "part of writing Java" in a way that isn't "part of writing Go". In some sense, they're right--Java has more of a boilerplate culture even though it technically requires less boilerplate than Go. You can break from that culture (and as I understand it, Java is moving away from that boilerplate culture) to a certain extent, but you're still likely to have to use libraries that encourage it (by extending a ridiculous inheritance hierarchy, for example) and you'll probably end up working on teams that require a certain amount of boilerplate (e.g., mandates like "getters and setters for everything!"). I don't think using a loaded word like "concentration camps" is going to improve the quality or clarity of discussion in this thread. Perhaps use a different term (e.g., "holding facility") or clarify that you mean "concentration camp" in some strictly technical sense that doesn't meaningfully resemble the usual imagery associated with the term. I agree with your point, but the snark here is unwarranted (pretty sure the parent isn't even contesting your point) and very likely to derail the otherwise interesting conversation (IMHO). I'm generally of the opinion that Go is less verbose than Java as well, but I'm of the impression that a lot has changed in Java since I last used it. It now has lambdas and other niceties, for example. Go has error boilerplate and lacks generics. Personally, I think Go's boilerplate is less of a big deal in general (Java's generics, lambdas, and exception handling come with their own issues which are often more significant than Go's boilerplate). Mostly I just don't think a debate about which language has less boilerplate will be very enlightening. Jail time doesn't determine whether or not an act is legal (consider running a red light or underage drinking). In particular, the law you cited above is pretty clear that entering the US to seek asylum is illegal but may be forgiven if asylum is granted. To be clear, these detainees are held under the pretense that they are going to be deported (however they must first be processed). The valid criticism of ICE is that they are apparently detaining US citizens and the detention conditions are unsatisfactory, but it's not a question that it's illegal to enter the US to seek asylum. I agree with all of this, but Go also has a pretty great standard library, tooling, and deployment story that you're overlooking. Notably, Go's tools are fast (no need to run a daemon because CLIs take too long to start up), there's no imperative DSL for its build system, there's a builtin/standard test runner, there's a standard formatter, documentation is simple and comes out of the box (no special javadoc syntax, just comments above functions; no need to write a CI job to build and publish docs nor a webserver to host them), profiling and benchmarking are builtin. That said, the thing I like about Java is that its JIT compiler and bytecode system allow for efficient metaprogramming; Go's runtime package works, but it's not fast at all. These use cases are few and far between, but it would be nice if Go had a good web framework story (e.g. rails, django, spring, etc). > Maybe conforming to an interface without explicitly declaring it (like you declare an instance of a typeclass in Haskell) may look like a controversial decision. I still think it does more good by removing boilerplate than bad by accepting an object as conforming to an interface in a rare case when you did not mean it. Yeah, I hear this objection pretty frequently, but I've literally never heard of a single instance of this resulting in a real production bug. If it's a rare case, it's vanishingly rare, while it's no exaggeration to say that virtually every project benefits from the advantages. "Illegal" is a well defined term. Punishment or lackthereof are irrelevant. > Which comes with its own (sometimes dangerous) downsides. I don't buy this. I've heard the theoretical arguments to the contrary, but I've never (in 7 years of consistent Go use) heard of anyone being bit by this in practice--certainly not to any significant consequence. On the other hand, implicit interfaces materially benefit nearly every project in the Go ecosystem. I would make this tradeoff all day every day. Illegal immigration is a prosecutable offense replete with fines and prison sentences. As I understand it, a judge hears the cases and can sentence an individual to deportation, fines, or prison time depending on the defendant's circumstances. IANAL. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_and_Nationality_Ac... Immutability is neat, but you can get a long way by passing by copy and/or documenting whether a value shouldn't be mutated. I would like to see immutability added to Go, but it would break my heart if it was inspired by Java (i.e., final) instead of Rust's notion of immutability. It would indeed be really interesting to understand how the court was able to rationalize that; INA is pretty explicit. In any case, I doubt typical "illegal immigration" can be meaningfully described as "fleeing persecution", and I say that with an abundance of sympathy for those garden variety illegal immigrants. One incident doesn't make it "far from theoretical". I concede that it's "vanishingly small", however. > Secondly, I found that in practice, it doesn't buy you much, and on the contrary, makes working with code more difficult (even with an IDE). I don't know about you, but I don't like having to write boilerplate to make a third party class implement a first party interface. > It's valuable information to know what interface(s) a type implements, not to mention finding all types down the hierarchy that implement a given interface (much more tedious and resource hungry with golang). How is that information valuable? The only thing I can think of is "I want to change the interface and consequently I need to update the implementations". In which case, just change the interface and the compiler will tell you what broke. As for "resource hungry", who cares? I'll trade 50ms of computing time per search (note that this is a generous figure) if it means developers don't need to maintain "implements" annotations and the corresponding boilerplate discussed above. > It's useful when you want to know where a certain concrete type is being passed as an interface. If you have a type Foo that has functions bar() and baz(), then it becomes very tedious to see where Foo is being used as a `Barrer` (in golang style), `Bazzer` or even `BarrerBazzer` because it now automatically implement all three interfaces. That's just a generalization of the example I gave, and the same solution applies (although there are probably automated solutions). Unless there are other special cases that you have to do so frequently that the solution previously mentioned is too tedious, then I don't see what the fuss is about. > Another use case is that it becomes awkward to define "tag" interfaces (look at Rust's `Send` trait for instance). Now you're forced to define an interface with a function `isSend` or something and hope that no one else declares another interface with the same signature and passes in types that implement that. Again, more bug-prone behavior. I don't know how to take this comment seriously. The odds of someone implementing isSend and passing it to the wrong interface have to be astronomically low. The frequency of such bugs must be approaching zero. It's patently unreasonable to consider this to be "bug prone", moreover, if you're really, really concerned about it, randomly generate your private method name to whatever degree of entropy you prefer. > On any non-trivially sized project, it takes way longer than that to look up implementations of interfaces in the IDEs I've used so far. You're looking at 30s+ sometimes. File those bugs with the IDEs. Any IDE worth its salt holds the set of types in memory. Even if the set is just a list/array (as opposed to some data structure that is indexed by the interfaces they implement), it should take no time at all to filter that to the set that implements the interface, even if there are tens of thousands of types. From TFA: > The principal audience for ADRP 6-22 is all leaders, military and civilian Can you elaborate on what makes it a good VM? I know very little about VMs, but I'm curious. This is really cool! One suggestion: logging to a file makes it harder for things like Docker to exfiltrate logs. Log to stderr by default, and the caller can redirect to a file on disk if they want to. > Anyone who has only been deplatformed and is complaining that the world is becoming authoritarian needs to realize that this has always been the way of the world. Forever. There has never been a time in history when someone could voice an unpopular view or be seen as an unpopular identity and not receive public ridicule, shame, or retribution of some kind, and where companies censored no content whatsoever. I generally agree that historically we haven't had totally free speech; however, we've been on an upward trend, and some of us are sad to see organizations at the helm of huge channels of speech using their power to prop up certain worldviews, especially somewhat extreme, fringe worldviews with questionable moral credentials (to put it charitably). We should keep the trend going; not reverse it to regress back to "the way things always have been". > There has never been a time in history when someone could voice an unpopular view or be seen as an unpopular identity and not receive public ridicule, shame, or retribution of some kind, and where companies censored no content whatsoever. No serious person is asking for the ability to express views without criticism, and regarding corporate censorship, utilities aren't allowed to censor speech--I support regulating social media companies as utilities. This doesn't mean social media has to be a dumb channel either; those companies could curate content so long as it's not on an explicitly ideological basis. For example, it would be fine for Twitter to promote content that is popular, so long as "popular" is determined purely by their users and not dependent upon Twitter's ideology. > What America, and other nations who value freedom, have is a protection against government interference. Let's keep it that way and accept that people are jerks to each other and not everyone wants to hear what you have to say. I think social media in its current state is represents a kind of threat to free speech that formerly could only be mustered by governments. Notably, there is a significant concern on both sides of the aisle that social media companies can be used to steer governments, including as an attack vector by foreign governments. These companies have unprecedented control over speech at this volume that it must be dealt with, in my humble opinion. > When people do it, it's just dissenting voices. Except when those dissenting voices make credible threats to your person, family, and livelihood or libel and slander you at a volume that is infeasible to litigate. > I little sympathy for people getting upset at being deplatformed - they can go elsewhere Where can they go when all of the major social media companies share the same general ideology? This idea that social media networks are plug-and-play beggars belief. Or perhaps you simply meant that people who don't adhere to this ideology simply don't deserve to participate in social media; that it's a privilege and not a right? > their cries of freedom of expression cry wolf to the constitutional issue of those in power doing actual oppression. What does this even mean? "disagree" The Equal Opportunity Act begs to differ. Specifically, companies are/were prevented from discriminating on a racial (etc) basis even though (in many places, at various times) it was unpopular to employ minorities and could even impact the companies' bottom lines. Personally, I'll trade employer profit for employee rights all day every day. My impression was the criticisms of flash stemmed from its security issues, it’s closed nature, it’s relative unfamiliarity (compared to popular languages of the time), and the nuisance that was making sure you had the right version running on your machine at any given time. Modern JavaScript addressed these issues, hence its popularity over Flash. This doesn’t endorse the gratuitous application of JS for fundamentally static content, but it sets the context for your perceived “shift in dev culture”. I agree that that was a turning point for usage, but we're discussing popularity among developers. Flash was unpopular among developers long before Apple banned it. Devs hated Flash for all of the reasons cited above, but browsers didn't support anything better for many use cases. > People often say "It works on my machine (and not in cloud)...", to avoid this we have simple solution - always run in docker container. And when I say always I really mean it - build in container, run in container, test in container. Actually I didn't mention it in previous section, but the make test really is "just" docker run. I've had nothing but bad luck with Docker for Mac. It's been super slow. If any container is running at all, the com.docker.hyperkit process eats 160% CPU even if `docker stats` shows the process hovering near 0% CPU. This has been the case for our entire team, and we're in the process of moving away from it. I like Linux as much as the next guy, but the Linux desktop ecosystem (hardware and software) doesn't get the investment it needs to be on-par with Mac. It's cheaper and easier to jettison Docker than MacOS. > But to add a serious note, why is every dependency on the environment so complicated that we just wrap it in some container to just get rid of it? Bad build/dependency-management tooling and non-perfect abstractions over system APIs probably account for most of the issue. Containers are conceptually useful; it's nice to have ephemeral, isolated environments. But if it literally eats all of the CPU it can get its hands on, then it's not useful. Yeah, it affects everyone working on our project. I'm certain it's volume performance, but we've tried all of the workarounds, docker-sync, and several other suggestions. Also (and respectfully), I wonder if your frequency of incidence is artificially low given that many courses tend to use toy-esque projects (although perhaps yours isn't, somehow?)? I'm pretty sure MacOS and most of the headless Linux distributions require you to install it (from a package manager or similar). It's not hard, but usually the alternatives aren't hard to install either. I agree with your point, but make solves the problem rather poorly. Besides the poor UX, it only knows the thing it built most recently, as opposed to maintaining a cache of things it has _ever_ built. And since it doesn't have a cache, it definitely doesn't have a distributed cache, although you could conceivably try to shoehorn NFS or something similar. Lastly, it's not reproducible. It's not going to fail a build if you accidentally let it depend on a file that isn't a formally specified dependency. These are all important concerns, especially for a CI environment. Something like Bazel theoretically solves this problem, but it's poorly documented and non-trivial to use or operate. Other Bazel/Blaze derivatives are worse with respect to usage/operation/correctness. Nix improves on correctness but is even harder to use/operate. There's a lot of room for improvement in this space. > I agree with the observation. But the alternatives are grossly over-engineered or a case study in NIH. I'm sticking with Makefiles until someone can present something better. I agree that they are complex beasts, but that complexity is incidental, not essential (some might argue "a lack of engineering" rather than "overengineered"). The documentation for these tools is also pretty atrocious on average. However, I don't think they're NIH insofar as their direct ancestor (Blaze) was never publicly available and Bazel didn't exist when those original Googler pilgrims brought their build-system ideas to Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc. But nevertheless, there are half a dozen shitty tools instead of one decent tool. Worse, they're pretty much all designed for use in large organizations' monorepos--organizations who can employ people who are specialists in operating/maintaining these tools. > I don't think Nix improves anything when you are stuck writing a weird javascript derivative. This comes from a packager writing bash for a living. The improvements are certainly not uniformly distributed, nor are they sufficient to really justify its mainstream use, IMHO. :) I might be mistaken about MacOS, but it definitely doesn't exist on centos, ubuntu, debian, or alpine--at least not their headless/server variants. Missed opportunity: s/cutest/coolest touche I don't think this is true. C compilers often have a whole bunch of optimizations built in, which could easily make them quite a lot slower than a less-optimized compiler for a language with a more advanced/complex type system. There are other factors as well, such as the efficiency of the compiler--the same C compiler implemented in C and compiled with an advanced C compiler will handily beat a C compiler written in Python and executed on CPython. But to your point, all-else-equal, a program in a language with an advanced type system takes longer to compile than a simpler type system. The judiciary branch. Churches shouldn't pay taxes, but yeah, having the government collect the tithe seems like not enough separation between church/state. Even still, as long as the tax isn't compulsory for non-believers and the countries in question are generally happy with it, it doesn't seem like a very big deal. FWIW, in the US and elsewhere, we have ideologies like Critical Race Theory which are not discernibly different from religions (certainly more religion than sociology or research) and which are taxpayer funded. (And no, this is not the same thing as religious studies programs--studying a religion/ideology is not the same thing as promoting, producing, and enforcing it). I don't think anyone is suggesting that WASM is the new way to write for the web, but I think it's certainly an aspiration that WASM will allow more languages to be used for everyday web development in addition to solving other more niche problems. https://webassembly.org/docs/high-level-goals/ > 3. Design to execute within and integrate well with the existing Web platform: > * execute in the same semantic universe as JavaScript > * access browser functionality through the same Web APIs that are accessible to JavaScript Lawyering aside, I would say that this is pretty much the same thing as "enabling the development in web apps in other languages". Are you really willing to give up affordable transport (outside of your metropolis, anyway) and commercial goods? I know cars are Not Very Utopian or whatever, but public infrastructure has to have one of the better returns on investment with respect to tax dollars. I agree that "Don't slack off dummy" would have earned a rebuke, but I wouldn't be surprised if any controversial political activist message would have been grounds for termination, especially with Google's new policy regarding political activism in the workplace. She would likely have been rebuked if she had just posted a flyer in the cafeteria, but she modified an internal tool. > this is so weird to me. i have a really difficult time on hn often because i don't understand why people that claim to be intelligent can't distill out the fundamental/primary issues. I feel the same way, but not about /u/weberc2's post. > it's a free/proffered/donation/voluntary/no strings attached piece of code. that is the first thing that defines its use/understanding/existence/ontology whatever other words. everything else is contingent upon that. This is another of your own axioms. These aren't universal. In particular, if a maintainer states or otherwise implies that his project is secure and suitable for production and then behaves otherwise, criticism is warranted. Even if he doesn't, criticism is still permissible. > you can debate this point - you can say something about the social contract of open source software and your responsibility to the community if you yourself have benefited from other open source projects and etc but no one is debating this. everyone is debating aposteriori things. No one is debating this because it's not necessary. The maintainer's explicit assertions about his project (its security, etc) override implicit "social contract" responsibilities. > if i put a mattress out on the street with a sign "no bed bugs" and you pick it up and it has bed bugs in can you be mad at me? can you take action against me? Not sure, but I can certainly criticize you. > i don't know what kind of framework i need to appeal to in order to underscore this issue so that people address it directly instead of things further down the line. i would really appreciate someone showing me how to either do this (put the focus on the thing i'm engaging with) or tell me why i'm wrong for focusing on that. In general your arguments are based on your own axioms. If your axioms aren't widely-shared, then you will run into these sorts of disagreements. > No, the attempt to make somebody do what you want by brigading is what's attempting to exert force and what's rude. Unless the critics are engaging in threats, intimidation, and/or violence, we're talking about criticism and not force. > Criticism isn't "force" or "attempted force". If you think criticism is rude, that's fine. Hypocritical, but fine. No, the attempt to make somebody do what you want by brigading is what's attempting to exert force and what's rude. > The author of the package didn't force their code onto the users. No one is arguing this. Weird straw man. > The authors of the criticism forced their criticism on him by throwing it his way in the form of bug reports etc. even when it was clear that there's no interest in it. Wow. I really didn't anticipate the "bug reports == force" equivalence. It's your axiom because others don't believe it being on github or free immunizes the maintainer from criticism. Licenses and GitHub ToS have no authority over who may or may not be criticized. You reason that it's not eligible for criticism because you hold the axiom that it is unreasonable to criticize open source projects. The "gift horse" phrase doesn't apply to situations where the "gift" is a liability; i.e., something that could leave you worse off than before--the Trojans would have done well to look their gift horse in the mouth, for example. > Heck, let’s spend 99% — $1.485 billion (in the states alone) on better support. That should put a dent in the support bill, and I’d sure pick up $15 million if I saw it lying around. Wouldn’t you? According to PEW ( https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2018/01/09/diversity-in-the-... ) there were 17M STEM employees in 2016, so this leaves less than $1000 per employee for childcare. According to Fortune ( https://fortune.com/2018/10/22/childcare-costs-per-year-us/ ) the average cost per child is $9K/year (probably more if you adjust for the distribution of STEM careers?). I'm guessing STEM employees have at least one child on average (some have none, others have multiple, etc), so that only covers about 1/9th of the bill. That's a dent in the bill, but I'm not sure it's enough to make even a proportional dent in the pipeline. Note that this assumes the money finances a benefit that must be offered to all employees; if you can target the women in question, the calculus clearly changes; however, I suspect that would be difficult under current US discrimination law (IANAL). That said, I'd rather that money go to employees where it would certainly be useful as opposed to the current programs which, as far as I can tell, is squandered (to put it nicely). This is correct; that's what I intended to communicate. Rust is great and I'm really glad it exists; however, I'm skeptical that anyone ever "gets up to Python speed" or "gets up to Go speed", at least provided "speed" means "time to an acceptable result" and not "time to perfect" or "time to pacifying rustc". It's a laudable aim, but I don't think we're close. There's still a lot that Rust makes you think about that Python/Go/etc don't, such as memory management and lifetimes. Even if you are very good at thinking about those things, the cost isn't zero. Of course, Rust gives you a lot in exchange for the reduced velocity--safety and performance; however, those are tradeoffs and we should talk about them as such. It feels dishonest to present Rust as "as productive as Python" even with the "(given enough experience)" caveat. Fully agree about "depends on how you measure"--that's kind of my thesis. If you're willing to trade iteration velocity to gain correctness, I would seriously consider Rust, but probably not if the value proposition was inverted. > But also, I don’t think that “makes you think about memory” is that simple. I don’t have to think about memory in Rust very often at all: that’s what the compiler is for! When I make a mistake, it corrects me, and I’ve only thought about it for a few moments. Ok, you don't think about it, but the back-and-forth with the compiler still takes a nonzero amount of time that you don't have to deal with in a GC language. At least not until you start to hit upon GC performance issues, at which point the value proposition shifts in Rust's favor, which ultimately brings me back to my point about it being an issue of tradeoffs and my skepticism about Rust-as-silver-bullet. I never really felt that way about Go error messages, but I also came from Python, Java, C, C++ (via GCC and Clang) where the error messages are far, far worse. Maybe there are languages/toolchains where the error messages are better? For better or worse, I read it as accusing them of ignoring Republicans; making no attempt to address them or speak to them (presumably because they are the evil other, beyond redemption). > We can see these effects in the economy if you look closely, the labor participation rate among men is declining, most new jobs (which are service jobs) go to women, millions of men are missing in our society due to this system which throws away human capital. For what? Is that the cause? I've always heard it was due to changes in education policy/practice that resulted in lower graduation rates for males (I know some people here will reflexively think I'm challenging something; I'm not, this is a genuine question, and for the little I know about it, restorative justice sounds like a pretty good idea). > labor force participation among males has been declining in past decades while the number of folks incarcerated has risen and that there is no doubt a relation between the two Would be interesting to look at male education outcomes, labor force participation, and incarceration rates and compare them against their female equivalents. I know for fact that female education and labor force outcomes have been improving at the expense of male outcomes, but I'm not sure about female incarceration rates. My guess is that they are also increasing, but perhaps not at the same rate as male rates? > Also, build times and sizes don't matter too much in the grand scheme of things. Unless you're changing the Dockerfile regularly, it won't matter. Why? Because Docker caches each layer of the build. It does if you practice continuous deployment, or even if you use Docker in your local dev setup and you want to use a sane workflow (like `docker-compose build && docker-compose up` or something). Unfortunately, the standard docker tools are really poorly thought out, beginning with the Dockerfile build system (assumes a linear dependency tree, no abstraction whatsoever, standard tools have no idea how to build the base images they depend on, etc). It's absolute madness. Never mind that Docker for Mac or whatever it's called these days will grind your $1500 MacBook Pro to a halt if you have a container idling in the background (with a volume mount?). Hopefully you don't also need to run Slack or any other Electron app at the same time. As for the build cache, it often fails in surprising ways. This is probably something on our end (and for our CI issues, on CircleCI's end [as far as anyone can tell, their build cache is completely broken for us and their support engineers couldn't figure it out and eventually gave up]), but when this happens it's a big effort to figure out what the specific problem is. This stuff is hard, but a few obvious things could be improved--Dockerfiles need to be able to express the full dependency graph (like Bazel or similar) and not assume linearity. Dockerfiles should also allow you to depend on or include another Dockerfile (note the differences between including another Dockerfile and including a base image). Coupled with build args, this would probably allow enough abstraction to be useful in the general case (albeit a real, expression-based configuration language is almost certainly the ideal state). Beyond that the standard tooling should understand how to build base images (maybe this is a byproduct of the include-other-Dockerfiles work above) so you can use a sane development workflow. And lastly, local dev performance issues should be addressed or at least allow for better debugging. To be clear, the only file in question is requirements.txt; Docker has no idea what files `pip install ...` is pulling and doesn't factor them into any kind of cache check. Beyond that, I didn't realize that timestamps were factored into the hash, or at least if they were, I would expect git or similar to set them "correctly" such that Docker does the right thing (I still think Docker's build tooling is insane, but I'm surprised that it breaks in this case)? I didn't know about hadolint, but I don't see how it (or any other linter) can address any of these issues (unless "these issues" is not referring to the issues I was mentioning in the post you responded to). I'm not familiar, can you elaborate on how those solve these problems? I'm always looking for a better way of doing things. My quote was our observed performance across our fleet of developer machines until ~December of 2019. Maybe our project was hitting some pathological edge case (more likely this is just the performance you can expect for non-toy projects), but there's no documented way to debug this as far as I (or anyone else in our organization) could tell. Note that this was the performance even if nothing was changing on the mounted file systems and with all watchers disabled. Bystanders can feel free to roll the dice, I guess. To be clear, the CPU on the container itself was negligble according to `docker stats`; however, the VM process was still using its max allotment. My money is on the volume manager, but we didn't see it being worthwhile to figure out how to debug deep into the bowels of the VM technology (we don't have VM or filesystem experts on staff) to sort it out. Note that we also tried docker-sync and a variety of other solutions, but the issue persisted. Eventually we gave up and just moved back to native processes managed by PM2. Our local dev environment sucks a fair bit more to set up, but it's cheaper than debugging Docker for Mac or dealing with the persistent performance problems. This is true, but it doesn't solve the problem. If you give Docker half of your overall resources, it's just going to take Docker twice as long (most likely longer) to finish running the test suite or whatever you're doing in Docker. The crux of the problem is that Docker for Mac has pathological cases, probably involving host-mounted volumes that are big or overlaid or something else that we were doing; the containers can be near idle and Docker for Mac consumes 70-100% of its CPU budget (presumably doing volume/filesystem things). Note that a little Googling reveals that this is a pretty common problem. I don't see how buildkit could possibly build the correct dependency tree because the Dockerfile language doesn't let you express nonlinear dependencies. If you have a command `do_foo` that depends on do_bar and do_baz (but do_bar and do_baz are independent) and you do something like: RUN do_bar # line 1 RUN do_baz # line 2 RUN do_foo # line 3 I'm guessing the buildkit dep graph will look like `line_3 -> line_2 -> line_1` (linear). Unless there is some new way of expressing to Docker that do_foo depends on do_bar and do_baz but that the latter two are independent. EDIT: clarified example. We looked into this. The biggest tradeoff is that your whole team has to change their workflow because the repo has to stay inside of a container on the Linux VM (it can't be shared with the host or you'll trigger the performance issue) which means anyone who wants to cat/sed/edit/grep/etc a file will have to go through a Docker container to do it. It's also a bit more complex if you're running multiple services via Docker Compose, as we were. We couldn't see this workflow change working out well in the long term, and someone had already done the work to use native processes orchestrated with PM2 and that seemed to work reliably once it was set up. (A) is true, but it's not the only way to bust the cache. Changes to the filesystem are much more common. You can try to account for this by selectively copying in files in some sort of dependency order and this can work okay so long as the dependency order resembles your filesystem hierarchy, but if you want to (for example) install all of your third party dependencies before adding your source code, you'll need to add each requirements.txt or package.json file individually so as to avoid copying in your source code (which changes more frequently). Doing this also tightly-couples your Dockerfile to your in-tree dependency structure, and keeping the Dockerfile in sync with your dependency tree is an exercise in vanity. Further, because you're forcing a tree-structure (dependency tree) into a linear structure, you are going to be rebuilding a bunch of stuff that doesn't need to be built (this gets worse the wider your dependency tree). Maybe you can hack around this by making an independent build stage per in-tree package, which might allow you to model your dependency tree in your Dockerfile, but you're still left keeping this in sync manually. No good options. Yeah, there are a lot of workarounds when you leave the standard tooling. I like the idea of using something like Bazel to build Docker images (since modeling dependencies and caching build steps is its raison d'etre) and eschewing Dockerfiles altogether; however, I haven't tried it (and Bazel has its own costs). I'm not familiar with buildkit in particular, but it's cool that it has an internal representation. I'll have to dig around. For large, repetitive configurations (Kubernetes configs, CloudFormation templates, CI job configurations, etc) you often want ways to abstract and/or DRY your configurations. Kubernetes folks use mustache/jinja/Go templates via Helm, which is a real mess. CloudFormation builds its own (shitty) evaluation language on top of YAML. This presumably aims to improve on those sort of hacky solutions. I feel strongly that the "right" solution is either (1) generate a YAML config with Python/JS/etc or (2) use a terminating expression language (I think that may be what this is). Since (2) implies a much steeper learning curve for average developers, I opt for (1). > Reporting on a bunch of different databases is a hard nut to crack. Maybe, but your business analyst already needs to connect to N other databases/data-sources anyway (marketing data, web analytics, salesforce, etc, etc), so you already need the infrastructure to connect to N data sources. N+1 isn't much worse. The argument (which I sort of buy) is that microservices provide rails that keep people from doing certain stupid things like N clients depending on the data schema (making the schema a de-facto public interface). The trick with microservices is that the ecosystem is maturing and there are still lots of ways to screw up other things that are harder to screw up with monoliths. In time 95% of those will go away (my specific prediction is that one day we will write programs that express concurrency and the compiler/toolchain will work out distributing the program across Cloud services--although "Cloud" will be an antiquated term by then--including stitching together the relevant logs, etc and possibly even a coherent distributed debugger experience). I'm not pro-chemical, but it's hard to imagine other solutions that are actionable in the timeframe of a weather prediction (this timeframe is critical because these swarms were spawned due to weather anomalies). Indeed, according to TFA it sounds like the UN isn't even trying to curtail the locusts at all but are just preparing for disaster recovery. Crop insurance seems like a more tractable solution. > The early stage is a lot of work, but why should you skip the work while your wife has to do it all? > What about your wife's career. Isn't she held back if she had to spend all the time taking care of the kids? Why should she not be given similar opportunities as you? He is working, and perhaps his wife prefers caring for their child to working a job. If it's working for them, why criticize? Why is it wrong for this couple to distribute the work in the way that optimizes for their happiness? We're not talking about all mothers, we're talking about giving individuals the opportunity to make the choices that work for them. The loving parents would also be monarchs. FWIW, when Go made that change, it was a much less-widely-used language (smaller blast radius). What's the difference between "platform capitalism" and "collective bargaining" in this case? Seems like Spotify, etc are acting on behalf of their customers to get a better deal from the music industry. Did the parent significantly revise their comment? Because in its current incarnation, it doesn't argue against tithing nor that those who tithe are being exploited. It seems like you're responding to the wrong comment. For posterity, here's the original comment at the time that I read it: > It always surprises me that wealthy churches pretend to take Christ seriously, when Jesus was not very fond of amassing money. I get why the churches do it (of course they don't believe in Christ), but why do the exploited masses believe them? And here is your response: > The concept of tithing is absolutely taught in the Bible. If you believe Christ to be the God of the Old Testament then He absolutely taught it. You seem to be under the impression all religious people who give tithing are merely being exploited. I can promise you are wrong there. The mentality of "I've had no such experience with God so everyone who claims they have is a kook" is quite ignorant. Perhaps you could learn something from those who have. I browsed their github and their linked docs, and it wasn't obvious to me what benefit cranelift has over LLVM. There was one section on implementation differences, but I'm not familiar/smart enough to infer from that what use cases cranelift enables. So are those the motivations/design-goals or just nice properties? In particular, is JIT/fast-compilation speed incidental to the relative youth of the project? I.e., presumably fewer optimizations vs LLVM allows the compiler to be faster? > I imagine NPR must recruit reporters exclusively from this region because it would be difficult to find the accent anywhere else People can learn other accents. In the UK, there is (was?) a "BBC accent" which presumably didn't imply that every BBC personality was hired from a particular region. * Container images are generally huge. Layer caching helps to the extent that layers are reusable. If you're lucky, you can use something like alpine for smaller huge images. If you write in a language that supports statically linked executables (e.g., Go) then you can get by with a scratch in many cases, but then you could more easily ship a naked executable * Container images take a long time to build and build caching only works well if your dependency tree is linear (it's not). (Caveat: there are niche alternatives to docker build for which this may not hold, but then you're subject to the other issues with niche tools--support, docs, compat, etc) * Your deployment target has to have a container runtime compatible with your image format. This is a PITA for end users in many cases. * Most popular container runtimes make container processes children of the daemon process, not children of the client process. This means killing the parent process will not kill the child process, which means CI environments need to handle all sorts of edge cases. For example, a CI job is waiting on a stuck container to terminate, but eventually times out or the job is killed or similar; each time this happens a container is leaked--this means that CI tools have to support the container runtime explicitly and handle all of these edge cases because it's prohibitively complex for users to manage. IMO the only advantage (and this is a huge advantage where applicable) for containers is that they can be orchestrated by things like Kubernetes or AWS Fargate. Presumably this means that no one has implemented a suitable static type checker or its type annotations don't provide sufficient information for a static type checker to work in principle? You're describing optional type systems; in this regard, Julia is on par with Python or TypeScript. The linter you're describing is also a type checker (like Python's Mypy). That said, it would be really interesting if someone would make a type checker that would evaluate/resolve those more complex types, at least those that can be guaranteed to terminate. "our" refers to homo sapiens. Even if she weren't, many (most?) Africans probably have ancestors who were not born in Africa at some point. You could use Go to generate Terraform configs. I’m using Python to generate CloudFormation and it’s an order of magnitude easier and more maintainable than vanilla CloudFormation, especially for large integrations. I never understood why governments don't require companies to put down cleanup expenses upfront or purchase insurance or similar so they can't externalize these costs. Same with virtually any commercial building, etc. Politics aside, I wonder if a tech union would have a strong incentive to make their individual workers irreplaceable--encourage them to hoard knowledge or make the code deliberately difficult for others to understand--such that the company would have a lot more to lose from a strike. As an outsider, most unions that I'm familiar with have employees that are more or less replaceable (one certified welder can fill in for another in a relatively short amount of time), but I don't think this is (as) true for tech. Thoughts? > Okay, pay me the money you were going to spend on snacks and the money you were going to pay the person who you pay to fetch the snacks, and I'll go fetch my own snacks or order them off the internet to my desk. Your office manager (or whoever) orders snacks from a contractor in bulk once a month (they don't make N GrubHub/etc individual orders every day). If they give you your fraction of that back, it wouldn't cover your GrubHub/etc order. Perks work because of these economies of scale. You can rail against the value of these perks, but "give me the cash and let me decide for myself" doesn't work. My question was about whether unionization constitutes an increased incentive (and I would think that it would for the same reasons that unionization gives a collection of individuals more power than they would have as individuals); I don't think that depends on whether or not existing institutions are good or bad at preventing vital cogs, etc. I might be wrong, but I don't think it's because of the efficacy of existing institutions. Right, that's the feature. If you can't afford to go into business without polluting (or otherwise externalizing costs), you can't afford to go into business. If we want to keep the barrier to entrepreneurship low, we can subsidize it, but we don't get to pretend that pollution/etc is free. It feels more expensive because we either raise the barrier to entrepreneurship or we raise taxes, but the reality is that we've been subsidized by a whole bunch of environmental debt. If you don’t value it, that’s fine. No one is holding a gun to your head and demanding you eat the snacks, but your original proposition was about using that money to buy your own snacks which doesn’t work for the aforementioned economies of scale. I'm not referring to large, faceless corporations, I'm referring to >100 person orgs. My experience can't be an outlier as there are plenty of vendors that specialize in this space, so someone out there is buying from a vendor. Here's what I found on the first page of search results: - http://dockspace.co/ - https://snacknation.com/ - https://naturebox.com/office - https://www.eatclub.com/ - https://www.workperks.co/ - https://fruitguys.com/office-fruit-delivery - https://www.bevi.co See the second sentence of my previous post. > That's not a feature. You're basically pointing to a world where only established multinational corporations are going to be able to afford to do anything at all. See the second sentence of the post you replied to. > Oh great, it's the 2020 meme. First I've seen it, but I just know I'm gonna be reading this bs phrase everywhere now. Look, I'm not a lefty, I'm a moderate independent, and I'm probably fiscally conservative, which is precisely why I hold this position (it's "personal responsibility" applied to macroeconomics). So put away any notions of partisanship you might have had. "environmental debt" is exactly what this is (by all indicators, anyway), and if you disagree feel free to substantiate. > Requiring insurance is not the same as requiring the money to be put aside up front like a bond, which was what was being suggested earlier in the thread. The suggestion you're referring to was mine, and I suggested either insurance or a bond. > I don't think the economics of that work. The current economics only "work" now because the books are cooked. No one is accounting for pollution. Like I've said before, we can address the environment and keep the barrier of entry to entrepreneurship low: subsidies and tax breaks for small businesses to offset the regulatory burden. Lastly, I'm mostly fixating on the environment/pollution for convenience, but we should really be doing this anywhere that we are externalizing costs. No, I was responding to the specific argument made by the OP which I quoted above. Any country should require a ship registered to it be either bonded or insured The entity to whom the bond was payed then pays for the ship’s salvage. You don’t need every country to implement this. There can be bond havens just like there are tax havens. It’s not ideal but it’s still a huge improvement over making every country a haven. And anyway, there are lots of things a country can do to devalue havens, such as prohibiting businesses operating within said country from doing business via ships that are registered in these havens, including transitive. No system is perfect, but why would we reject imperfect solutions that still do a ton of good? I think you replied to the wrong person? I didn’t make any such accusation... If it works properly there isn't another layer to debug (and anyway, one has to debug OCaml's syntax as it is, so it's more like trading one debug layer for another). I've never had to debug into assembly before, for example. And while syntax is normally just superficial, OCaml goes out of its way to be obscure and I don't have time for that. Especially with all of its other warts (stdlib issues, crappy package management, crappy build tooling, still no multithreading, etc). I eventually just gave up. Which is too bad because the type system (absent the OO stuff) could be useful. In fairness, it's dead because it was shitty and made most things harder, and the things it did improve JS copied. If OCaml fixes its syntax, then we won't have any need for Reason. If you were right OCaml wouldn't be the only language with a popular syntax veneer. I expect that you lose efficiencies with respect to security. I.e., it's not easy to secure one large nuclear reactor (fission or fusion), but it's a lot easier than securing dozens of small reactors. TypeScript extends the syntax to support type annotations; it's not trying to fundamentally fix JS syntax. > where are the people clamoring for F# to adopt more of Reason's ideas? Probably writing C#. > As a guy who tried to get into OCaml development several times, the language is not the problem at all. It's the several different "standard" libraries, lack of good official agreed upon tutorials and guides, and the fact that it has a GIL and is essentially single-threaded. I agree that those things are pain points (I said as much upthread), but clearly the language is also part of the problem or else there would be no interest in Reason. > As a guy who tried to get into OCaml development several times, the language is not the problem at all. It's the several different "standard" libraries, lack of good official agreed upon tutorials and guides, and the fact that it has a GIL and is essentially single-threaded. A big reason Erlang is similarly unpopular is its syntax as well (many of the most popular languages are dynamically typed, so we know it's not the type system). This theory is supported by the relative popularity of Elixir, which shares Erlang's runtime and which has enjoyed a fair amount of popularity in a relatively short time despite introducing a number of syntax- and non-syntax-related quirks. OCaml on BEAM would certainly appeal to the intersection of FP and static-typing enthusiasts, but it would not remotely be popular. None of that supports your 'accusation' claim. > because in an economy of scale, snacks simply are irrelevant. That's not what 'economy of scale' means. > If you view snacks as an inherently important thing I don't, and it's unrelated to my argument. > I realise what I said is not an undisputable truth and I wouldn't argue about it. I probably should have just said that I am observing an almost global strive for dev teams to be able to catch bugs earlier and to have a bit more guarantees by the mere virtue of the program successfully compiling. But it might be my filter bubble. I think this is a pretty broad pattern, but: 1. It's not happening in isolation; there's also a move toward greater development velocity 2. There's lots of low-hanging fruit to be had--lots of people can get tremendous safety benefits by moving from languages like JS and Python to Go or TypeScript or typed-Python even if they don't have as elegant a type system as OCaml (and those alternatives don't require the same tradeoffs as OCaml or even an OCaml on BEAM). > This is why I said an OCaml with the BEAM guarantees would likely rise very high; because my observations lead me to the belief that people want more compile-time guarantees. And yeah, that might be a skewed observation. Like I said, I don't think it's a skewed observation, it's just that there are other ways of getting most of those compile-time safety benefits with fewer tradeoffs. But I would be a huge fanboy of an OCaml-like type system on BEAM (especially if it can have Go- or Rust-like attentiveness to practical software engineering concerns). No one is moving the goalposts. TypeScript's raison d'etre is to add static typing to JS. Reason's is to fix the syntax. (Yes, TS adds new grammatical constructs, but grammatical constructs are about grammar, not syntax, contra Reason). I have no idea how you got that from my post. I don’t know whether type safety is “a fundamental part of a language” or not, but that’s irrelevant to my point. TS extends the JS syntax to support type safety. Reason changes OCaml’s syntax altogether because it’s broken. Big difference. I don’t think that paragraph was referencing compiler guarantees. There isn’t inheritance, so there are no hierarchies in the problematic sense. Go’s tooling is generally straightforward and there is usually one canonical/standard implementation. No insane DSLs to build your program, no daemons required for fast builds, and batteries are included (test framework is part of the tooling). No crazy documentation syntax, no docs packages to publish and link against your dependencies, etc. In general, Go is simple so your organization can focus on business problems. Is ignoring errors really a problem in practice? I’ve been using this language since before 1.0 and I don’t think I’ve ever been burned by this. I’m sure it happens once in a while (albeit at very low frequency), but people in this thread act like you can’t build software in Go because the compiler doesn’t catch every ignored error. It’s a good aspiration to eliminate needless complexity from a language so people can spend their cognitive resources (be they great or few) on solving real problems. If you can lower the barrier such that a layman can do it, then a genius specialist can do that much more. Those aren’t hierarchies as I understand them, nor do I understand those to be real problems (I’m sure someone has been bitten by one of those but only by the law of averages). I don’t see how that’s relevant. What are you talking about? You could do exactly this in Java or C# or Python or Ruby or JS or etc. Not sure what ”traditional” languages you’re talking about, but this is just reflection and downcasting. It’s a bad idea, but it’s unrelated to OOP. This hasn’t been my experience. I’ve been involved in the language and community for nearly a decade and I’ve never seen an incident where the grievances against the language weren’t seriously overblown. The most credible one has been dependency management. There’s still plenty of room for improvement of course, but the idea that Go’s flaws make it anything short of one of the most productive languages is generally nonsense. My understanding is that Ballerina has semantics for defining multiple services in the same program, and it “compiles” to a set of containers and cloud configs that allow these programs to talk to each other. So very basically it’s like putting Kubernetes or AWS into a language. But there documentation is pretty unclear as many others have noted so I really doubt my interpretation is precisely accurate. ESR might be a lot of things, but he’s not a junior dev by any standard. And experience reports are pretty consistent across the experience gradient—Go is useful for solving real world problems, and often the very abstract languages fail to do so (often especially those languages beloved by intellectuals). You can challenge the qualifications of the reporters with respect to their own experiences if you like, but that seems like a silly thing to do. If PLT can’t produce languages that practitioners find useful, then PLT is at fault, not practitioners. EDIT: Rereading my last paragraph, "PLT is at fault" sounds harsher than I intended it to. Mostly it just sounds like PLT is based on a model of software development practice that doesn't fit well with the real world. The model performs poorly, but PLT supporters like the parent commenter are (implicitly or explicitly) blaming contemporary software development practice for the mismatch. > I can’t for the world understand what it means... It means Go performs well on real world projects. People feel productive, the language, tooling, and ecosystem get out of the way. You (and most PLT advocates I've encountered) seem to be evaluating languages on their inputs/features (presumably because you believe axiomatically that certain features--e.g., type systems--have a huge effect on the success or failure of a given software project) while the "useful for real world problems" view is about evaluating languages on their outputs. The latter view is harder to measure objectively, but it accounts for everything (e.g., syntax, type system, tooling, performance, ecosystem, etc) in correct proportion (no axiomatic beliefs). Many PLT proponents generally seem to struggle with the notion that languages are successful when their model predicts that they shouldn't be. For example, many PLT proponents believe type systems strongly predict the success of a language, yet languages with very sophisticated type systems which are much admired by PLT proponents do poorly in the real world and languages with very flat-footed type systems (e.g., Go) do relatively well. Either the qualitative data about these languages are wrong (e.g., contrary to the qualitative data, Haskell actually makes for more productive software development on balance than Go), or these PLT proponents' whitebox model is wrong. My money is on the qualitative data. They aren’t “hoping it implements an interface”, they use reflection to determine whether or not the type implements the interface. This is pretty much the same thing in Java or C# with reflection and downcasting, but it’s a bad idea in both languages. I’m also disappointed that Go isn’t approved, but the UI framework is implemented in Dart, so it seems like an understandable decision to permit Dart. You might not agree, but the idea is that you should devote your cognitive resources to the problem you’re solving and not working around complexities in your language (such that brilliant developers such as yourself and “stupid” developers like me can be even more productive than we would be with C++ or Haskell or whathaveyou) or choosing stylistic standards for how contributors are to program (because the language is so expressive that the solution space is astronomical). “Go programmers are stupid” is a deliberately uncharitable interpretation. Considering how infrequently this happens and how utterly trivial it is to recompile, I'd take this every time over complex deployments on the happy path. I do wish Go would adopt sum types, but in practice errors like you describe are vanishingly rare. It’s mostly a theoretical problem. Can you elaborate on Azure DevOps? Is that the Azure infra-as-code solution? And if so how does it compare to CloudFormation? Ah, ok. Will do. Thanks for the recommendation. > I don’t, so please keep you assumptions to yourself and don’t put words to in my mouth. I'm hardly putting words in your mouth. You were expressing more-or-less exactly this sentiment in your previous post. > What is this based on? It follows by definition of output-based or blackbox evaluation. Evaluating the output of a system implies that you are evaluating inputs in proportion to their contribution to the output. Socialism is an economic system. I’m pretty sure France has never had a socialist economy. It's hard to make a concurrent GC that also allows for the kind of super-cheap allocation that OCaml depends on for its performance characteristics. Allocation is expensive in Go, for example, but this is okay because Go has value semantics and an imperative model (no need to allocate memory on every little operation). Not sure how Haskell's GC works, but I'm guessing it more or less depends on Haskell's immutability guarantees. EDIT: Downvoters, I'm genuinely interested in hearing from you. Did I accidentally cause offense or am I mistaken? > Performance is hard because OCaml users are used to well performing code, with low and predictable pause times from the GC ( I would expect that low pause times are easy enough (or relatively easy considering the difficult domain of GC optimization), but keeping the allocations cheap is (one of) the key constraints, no? Java's GC is an impressive piece of engineering with a whole lot of investment, and even then (at least until very recently) it came at the cost of high stop-the-world pause times. I agree that the standard library database tooling is really clumsy in a lot of cases, but it's the library implementation at fault, not Go itself. Notably, contrary to your last sentence, you aren't troubling yourself with "weird Go semantics", you're troubling yourself with the semantics of the database stdlib. > Code that is silently incorrect is an absolute disaster on an enterprise level. Enterprise software is not well-known for its quality or correctness. This is silly. Lots of people are very productive in Go without generics. Even more productive than many languages that have generics (including Rust). Lots of people are very productive in languages without static typing at all . Generics will significantly improve a relatively small proportion of use cases. If you want conventional shared memory parallelism, then your allocations can't assume thread-locality. Ah, thanks for correcting me. Like I said, I am unfamiliar. I was mistaken; wasn't thinking clearly as I responded. JVM can get away with this because it's generational/moving; bump allocator works in the young generation and then objects are subsequently moved. Generational/moving is tricky, especially with C APIs (if the GC moves an object that C has a pointer to, the C code dereferencing the pointer will find potentially garbage data) and I believe they make it difficult to get good STW times, but at this point I'm pretty well out of my depth. I'm not sure you're making the point you think you are. Serious projects like major Cloud infrastructure? And what are these damning flaws? If they are damning performance flaws, then presumably no project can succeed in a language slower than Go. If they are static type safety flaws, then surely no project in a dynamic language can be successful. If they are lack of fine grained control over memory layout, then surely no major VM or interpreted language holds a candle. Look at Go’s HTTP library. It’s much lauded for striking a good balance between performance and ease of use, but it’s not as performant as it could be. For that, fasthttp exists and is quite popular although not nearly as popular as the standard HTTP library. Your comment gives the impression that this is a failure because the library for niche performance cases hasn’t become the go-to library for the general case. I disagree—it’s ideal that we have a canonical general purpose library and another for high performance cases. Perhaps you would argue that we should have interfaces that allow for a pluggable performant implementation and an easy-to-use general purpose implementation? This is all well and good, but it’s inherently not possible, because the interface is about ease-of-use and the performance is achieved by trading off on friendliness. You might offer Rust as a counterpoint since many of its standard libraries use an interface that is suitable for the general case and the high performance cases; however, this is a lie: these interfaces (and the core language) are manifold harder to use than their Go equivalents. In other words, Rust’s “general purpose” interfaces trade ease of use for the ability to support high performance implementations. This tradeoff isn’t inherently bad, but it is bad to pretend as though it’s inherently good or that there is no tradeoff at all. But who supports json5? I’m skeptical of this finding out at least it’s generalizability. I know (and like) Rust a fair bit better than JS, but I would be surprised if I could build a nontrivial web app in Rust faster than Node. And that’s without using TypeScript. YMMV, but I’d be curious to hear from others with experience with both languages. I agree with everything you posted (and I also really like Rust!), but I especially took note of this: > A lot of functional languages offer this by avoiding mutable data, but that's high cost This is true, but the inverse is that Rust's ownership model itself poses its own high cost in terms of a significant cognitive burden (and while I have no doubt that the burden decreases with time, I'm very skeptical that it ever gets to the point of a GC language). This is roughly what you're saying in the second paragraph, but I wanted to be a bit more explicit that the ownership model itself comes with a cost. I'm already on-board with data-oriented design, and my pedigree includes lots of such projects and languages (C, C++, Go, etc). I'm also familiar with Rust; I've been dabbling in it since ~2014. Still, I come to opposite conclusions. Rust is a magnificent language for many things, but I'm manifold more productive in Go or Python, even in concurrent contexts. Notably, the ownership rules guarantee correctness, but they also prohibit all sorts of correct programs (e.g., functions that only run in a single threaded context or whose shared data doesn't actually mutate). I would say I have the hang of these rules, but I still struggle to make sense of the lifetime error messages (and I find this nearly impossible when I'm tired), contrary to your experience about the clarity of the compiler messaging. I don't mean to slight the compiler--communicating about lifetimes is fundamentally hard; however, the point is that these error messages must be dealt with in all code even though the overwhelming majority of my code isn't subject to race conditions in the first place. I really want to like Rust (I love it in theory); however, frankly I don't see how Rust can approach a GC language with respect for productivity for anyone unless the domain prioritizes correctness and/or performance above all else. Fully agree that (all else equal) static type systems are more productive than dynamic type systems; however, that's mostly orthogonal to GC vs Rust's ownership model. I agree that Rust's ownership model provides for more correctness than GC, but at the expense of a whole lot of productivity (which was my original point). I also think the returns on static type systems (and static analysis in general) diminish quickly after (roughly) Go's position on the axis. To be clear, I would like to see Go have a more expressive type system (generics and sum types), but I think Go recoups upwards of ~90% of the quality difference between untyped Python and Rust (for example) while still allowing you to be at least as productive as with Python (which is still about 90% more productive than with Rust IMO). Disclaimers: this is all super subjective, error margins are huge, and YMMV. I’m perfectly comfortable with a “functional” as it pertains to Rust. In particular, Python (and to a lesser and more recent extent, C++) have had a lot of functional features (iterators, first-class-function, etc) for quite a while. The lack of GC actually makes it harder to use closures in Rust than Python or even Go. Unless I'm missing something, that sounds like the same net effect. Why is one better than the other apart from price? > +0 tonnes is not equivalent to -1 tonne of C02 emission, because maths. Right, but we're talking about -1 tonne (reducing emissions) vs -1 tonne (taking carbon out of the atmosphere) and last I checked, -1 tonne is equivalent to -1 tonne. > Reducing current C02 levels is more difficult and expensive than just reducing C02 output, and has a greater impact on overall reduction It makes sense to me that it's easier/cheaper to reduce C02 output (at least as long as there is lots of low-hanging fruit), but it doesn't make sense to me that one would have a greater impact than the other. They used to do exactly this. Various agricultural and construction equipment manufacturers operated in such a way that they could shift production to tanks at a moment's notice. Structural subtyping can be based on attributes a la Python’s Protocols. My experience is the same. It's interesting to me that people are very concerned about Go's structural subtyping, but they generally have no qualms about passing functions around. Given that the contract for a function is the function signature, and the contract for an interface is [all function signatures and their associated names ], surely the latter is less error prone? Frequently in Go I find that single-method interfaces are easier to work with when made into a closure. Instead of `type Foo interface { Foo() }`, I often find `type Foo func()` easier to work with. There are probably exceptions to this; I'm mostly just voicing my own observation. I don’t think we were driven to explore so much as we were hunter gatherers often following our food, especially as human densities in one area came to exceed the number of hunter gatherers that area could support. (The Pacific Islanders are perhaps an exception) This. We’ve been chugging along happily on Fargate for a while now. We looked into EKS, but there is a ton of stuff you have to do manually that is built into Fargate or at least Fargate makes it trivial to integrate with other AWS services (logging, monitoring, IAM integration, cert manager, load balancers, secrets management, etc). I’d like to use Kubernetes, but Fargate just works out of the box. Fortunately, AWS seems to be making EKS better all the time. This might be a bug rather than a feature for a lot of people. Many people want humanity to concentrate in urban areas because it is better for the environment. Others complain about urbanites' tax dollars paying for rural roads (which is effectively the scenario you're describing, even if those tax dollars are labeled "UBI" and routed through rural citizens' bank accounts first). Still others see rural Americans as their political adversaries. (Note that this is just an observation; not a value judgment) Like others have said, cross that bridge if/when we get to it--there's no sense in incurring the Kubernetes cost now because one day we might have to switch to Kubernetes anyway. It's also worth noting that Fargate has actually gotten considerably cheaper since we started using it, probably because of the firecracker VM technology. I'm pretty happy with Fargate. In the current case, politicians are deciding to route dollars to rural roads because people live there. In the UBI case, tax dollars are given to people who live in rural areas who then pay tax to fix their own roads (or maybe we don't change how rural roads are funded and we just add on UBI?). Seems like you're making a distinction without a (meaningful) difference. You have the same issue if you pass multiple callbacks to a given function, except as previously mentioned, you're more likely to pass the wrong set of callbacks than to pass the wrong interface implementation (because interface methods are named must be bound to the same data). Like I said elsewhere in the thread, you can have the same problem with callbacks: func receiver(next func() bool, getItem func() Foo) {} vs type FooIter interface { Next() bool; Item() Foo } func receiver(iter FooIter) {} You're more likely to pass the wrong set of callbacks than to pass the wrong FooIter implementation since the type system doesn't require the callbacks to be related to the same data nor named any certain way. This is the line of reasoning I was referring to. Also urban areas emit (cause?) less carbon per capita than rural areas and both do better than suburban areas. I agree, but we're arguing about a hypothetical bug scenario that has probably never ever happened: accidentally implementing this sort of stateful interface. These stateful interfaces are already very rare (at least in Go) and accidentally implementing an interface is itself vanishingly rare (I don't think I've ever heard of this happening in practice). It doesn't make sense to me to take grievance with Go's interfaces (which offer strictly stronger protections than callbacks), but be okay with naked callbacks on the basis that "people tend not to use them in a stateful manner" (never mind the stateless scenario in which bare callbacks also provide weaker guarantees than Go's interfaces). I don’t think anyone is advocating for choosing a different language per function, but rather you can use the best language for the job. For example, we have a Python monolith that has one route that is CPU-bound and would otherwise be an ideal use case for a language with real multithreading. The Python version often times out (60s) while a native Go (or perhaps Java) version would probably be on the order of a single second. In our case the limitation is less about the monolith architecture and more about our team’s unwillingness to learn a new language. I’ve had some luck with Mypy, but it’s still very bolted-on. Even getting the type checker to find dependencies installed on your system is nontrivial. But this sort of tedium is just par for the course with Python. > Sounds nasty. The classic python answer is to try rewriting the innermost loops in cython/c/cppyy etc or try using numba/pypy Yep, we’re doing this. The problem is that we’re still calling back and forth between C and Python very frequently and rewriting that next layer in C or similar is prohibitively unmaintainable. > The problem with this "best ... for the job" phrasing is that there's an objectively, indisputably right answer, where I've experienced atrocious choices being inflicted upon a team under that guise, resulting in a component that nobody wants to maintain because it's foreign to everyone. Fine, then let’s at least not use the wrong tools for the job, in this case, Python and language’s that impose similar tradeoffs. It would go a long way if the post used a Rust-like syntax even if it’s not a real language. Perhaps ReasonML, but I think that even does away with more parens than necessary IIRC. We didn't try numba and couldn't get pypy working; we had dependencies that didn't work with Pypy. I'm curious about numba though. > I don't think well written cython should be any more unmaintainable than Go IMHO. I've written a lot of Go, it's always struck me as about as maintainable as Python (I would put it at a bit more maintainable than Python given its mature static typing story--mypy still has lots of problems). I haven't given Cython a fair shake, but it doesn't seem very well-invested in; this is generally what has kept me away from it. Maybe this is what Factorio has been preparing me for all this time! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factorio Let’s sort that out on Earth first. :p It was a joke, relax. > that developing software and testing it on AWS is an order of magnitude more expensive than doing things on-premises Is there any truth to this? Every time I see this claim, it is actually comparing the price tag for servers in the on-prem case with the price tag for compute on AWS/etc (which includes a whole lot of engineering and data center management costs). It's a pretty meaningless comparison. My guess is that AWS has the economies of scale to outperform your average private data center on a total-cost-of-ownership basis. I guess I always assumed this is more or less how it worked everywhere, at least anywhere that respect intellectual property. Is this not the case? What other models are out there, and which ones work better? In my personal experience, reading alone is less efficient by at least 1 order of magnitude. Python is only easy to write. Managing environments, dependencies, deployment, tooling, etc are all abysmal and Go gets very high marks in all of these areas (including ease-of-writing). Yeah, I saw this. They were specifically talking to experts at the Museum of the Bible. Good episode indeed. I keep an open mind about unions. I hear they work well in many places (usually in Europe, for whatever reason), but many of us from blue collar American backgrounds only have experience with them protecting laggards and creating ridiculously inefficient working restrictions[^1][^2] which (presumably?) drive jobs overseas. I guess my questions for union proponents are: "Why do unions seem to work so poorly in the United States?" and "How do we make sure these proposed software unions don't suffer similarly?". How do we get the good without the bad? [^1]: A particularly egregious example from the factory where my dad works as a maintenance person: they have a machine that cuts cardboard; to service the blade, they need 3 people: one to remove the bolts holding the blade in place, another to remove the blade, and yet another to service it (and then the first two must replace the blade and the bolts, respectively). There must be three distinct people (IIRC because they're from different unions or something similarly silly) by contract (not because removing the bolts or the blade requires special training), which generally involves a lot of waiting for each person to be available--something that could take half an hour often spans multiple days. [^2]: Another particularly egregious example from my father-in-law's IT office (he has since retired): employees generally laze about doing little; they aren't allowed to browse the Internet or play games, but some bring in books and one woman literally sits staring vacantly at her black-screen monitor for hours on end. No idea why electronic idleness is okay, but reading, etc are okay. Presumably population density is the more relevant factor. (I didn’t downvote you). I actually think this is the one time the media’s criticism isn’t hyperbolic (Trump always merits criticism, but somehow the media takes it to ridiculous extremes). I don’t think Trump is the frothing racist he’s made out to be (although I’m sure he has all sorts of subconscious biases), but he is an idiot narcissist with a national crisis on his hands and he seems to be handling it miserably. Why didn’t we have testing in place sooner? Even if you pin the blame on the CDC, why weren’t there remediation plans announced publicly/immediately? Why is there still no word about how we will manage the crisis when it hits? What of ordering more ventilators and other necessary equipment or scaling up hospital capacity? What of containment measures to slow the spread? How are we going to ramp up testing (I’m grateful for the Roche test deal but who knows if Trump was even aware of or involved in it)? This isn’t leadership even by the crudest standard, and people will die as a consequence. To his credit, he’s working with “Google” to make the website and that’s not nothing, but there’s still a lot to be done and he gives no impression of proactivity or even merely reacting to what is already happening in other countries. I don’t want to be in the middle of the crisis hearing him shift the blame onto the Obama administration when there’s plenty he could have done or plenty he could be doing to mitigate. Citation please? This seems like overt misinformation. They’ll be the first, but almost all of them will be fine. They’ll just pass it onto the elderly, cancer patients, etc who won’t be fine. No Darwinian justice here, I’m afraid. Coke cans don’t have the same regulatory hurdles and moreover there your coke can R&D is amortized over something like a trillion units. There’s a real argument for why this lawsuit is dumb, but this ain’t it. I never understand these capitalism criticisms. It’s like criticizing modern medicine because Coronavirus exists. Yeah, it’s not a perfect system but I’m not going to switch to homeopathy just yet. What about on MacOS? The trackbar escape key is super flaky... We didn’t know this virus was going to be this bad, but we knew that we were overdue for one and there had been recent epidemics that targeted respiratory systems. Our respirator stockpile was in the tens of thousands—several orders of magnitude lower than would be necessary in a national emergency. Europeans seem pretty proud of their Internet, at least relative to the US, for example: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22631036 I'm shocked at how modern this bird looks considering it coexisted with dinosaurs. I thought birds looked more like feathered reptiles at that point, but I guess Archaeopteryx is 125 million years ago (putting the new fossil half way between Arch' and us). I really hope this virus prompts our disaster management agencies to get their shit together, and specifically to consider supply chain security as part of their threat model (and no, we don't meaningfully do this or we wouldn't have such a pitiful national reserve of respirators and other respiratory treatment devices following SARS and MURS). Not sure exactly what this would look like, but identifying key partners in industry and working with them to enable them to turn-key ramp up production seems obvious. I think everyone would like to see the CDC be better funded. Hindsight makes that an obvious mistake, but monitoring C19 should have been their number one priority in any case. From January onwards it was clear that it was the number one threat. There's still no explanation (afaik) for why they rolled their own test instead of using the WHO's test, nor have they effectively communicated their plans for ramping up testing or medical capacity. I don't see how this is anything besides mismanagement (e.g., how does funding impact which test they used? Presumably being under-funded would prompt them to use the test that the rest of the world is going with instead of rolling their own), and I really hope congress or the justice dept rips into this after the crisis is averted. EDIT: Note that I say all of this as someone who is a big believer in "it's almost always more complicated/nuanced than it looks", but there seems to be no information about said nuance or complexity. Optimize for the aspects of the supply chain that don't depend on the specific drug. For example, the packaging of pills probably doesn't need to vary that much in general. But the point isn't that we are prepared for every eventuality (e.g., chloroquine), but that we are doing due diligence in preparing for the likely eventualities (e.g., general purpose respiratory treatments like ventilators). Agree, and that's kind of my point. Being "fully funded" wasn't the problem--it was hubris/mismanagement. I didn't see any such explanation on the CDC page either, and I thought I was pretty thorough in searching for it. I did know that they were developed concurrently, but I'm unaware of any information about why they couldn't at any point pivot and use the WHO test, for example. Why is this information so hard to find? Same here. If someone could summarize instead of downvoting, it would be helpful. Sorry for the confusion. I didn’t mean to suggest the post violated the rules; I was only trying to request more information (my comment was the second in this thread—no one had posted a summary or workaround at the time). Thanks to everyone who summarized or referred me elsewhere. why can’t she be a physicist or an engineer? Is the implication that no one will hire her? If so, could you substantiate? It seems hard to believe. Harrowing indeed. It reminds me of the numerous instances in which Title IX was abused to ruin the lives of students and faculty, including TFA. Yeah, I feel the tension with this. We have people like Susan who are genuine victims and then we have all of the Title IX “victims” and university administrators who wielded the law to ruin the lives of their (largely male) targets. Seems like due process and due diligence offer the best of all worlds. If class warfare is weak, then it probably just annoys the upper class and makes them less likely to cooperate. If you have some violent “glorious revolution” in mind, then you very probably wreck the economy and damn a huge portion of the lower class to extreme poverty, including the deaths of tens of millions and you also probably create a new, even narrower, more corrupt class of oligarchs with even more control over policy and the “means of production”. All outcomes aren’t similar, they are proportionately worse the more violent “class warfare” becomes. The best path forward is almost certainly (in my view) incremental cooperative progress towards a stronger social safety net. Nothing good is going to happen over night. I've heard this about LLVM a lot in the past; does LLVM recognize its C++-centricity as a problem in delivering on its mission of being a multilingual target platform, or has it tacitly changed its mission to be more-or-less implicitly C++-centric? And specifically, what sway does Rust hold on the LLVM project and its goals? I don't think the tribalism is even really in the language communities themselves as much as it is among onlookers, casual users, or otherwise fans of either language. (Note that there is certainly plenty of enthusiasm for each language in its respective community). Rust in particular seems to have a large following of people who aspire to use it but haven't really learned it or used it in anger (this especially used to be the case). Basically they (like me) appreciate the ideas of strong static guarantees, strong performance characteristics, and the general aesthetic of Rust code compared to other high-performance languages or other "functional languages". But those people (and to a lesser extent, many in the Rust community proper) tend to believe that Rust is optimal for those use cases that are conventionally considered to be Go's purview, which is to say they believe Rust is more productive than Go, Python, Ruby, Java, etc for the sorts of applications that those languages are regularly used for (SaaS application backends and other network services). They argue that you just need a little more experience with Rust and you will hit some productivity nirvana; however, each year, I (and many others with experience in this domain) get another year of experience with Rust (as a hobbyist--not full-time development) and still I'm far more productive in Python and Go than I am with Rust. And I don't think the "just need a little more experience" argument holds water. It's based on the idea that the borrow checker and memory management in general become progressively more natural. Well, I have a decade of C and C++ experience and manual memory management is very natural (almost said "super natural") to me, and the trend is asymptotic--with more experience you do indeed get better with the borrow checker and memory management, but it never quite reaches the point where it's in the same ballpark as a garbage collector (where you truly don't need to think about memory management outside of hot spots). Of course, GC languages also don't help you deal with race conditions, but 99% of the code we write in these domains isn't subject to race conditions (and if you are writing something that is pervasively subject to race conditions, it might well be worth considering Rust). Note that there are a handful of very smart, well-respected (and deservedly so) people who also have lots of experience with Rust and who are familiar with the domain in question who disagree with me. I think theirs is the niche opinion, but I think it's worth hearing them out and forming your own opinion. I always interpreted it as a recognition of different economic models between what we're taught in school ("software bugs will kill people! Remember the Therac-25! Remember the Patriot missile failure! Even if your bugs don't kill people, bugs found late in the lifecycle are super expensive (based on a single paper from 1990 or something)") and that of most saas applications. The academic attitude is appropriate for critical systems and to a lesser extent for systems that can't get realtime updates, but if your app is non-critical (especially entertainment apps a la social media) and you can roll out a fix in a couple of hours, moving fast and breaking things is perfectly fine, especially for features which don't constitute core functionality. In the saas world, bugs are typically very cheap (or can be made very cheap via continuous deployment, microservice architectures, etc) and opportunity costs are through the roof. In that sense, moving fast and breaking things is probably eminently desirable, since it's cheaper to react to a bug than to delay an opportunity because you want to do quality assurance as though your software updates need to be mailed to users on physical media. It's important to note that there is a difference between "making crap" and "spending inordinate effort to preclude bugs from my software". The idea is that you write the best code you can as quickly as you reasonably can and provide the degree of quality that suits your economic situation. You will make mistakes, learn from them, and then the next iteration will be fast and incrementally better. In theory if not in practice, this will make you a better developer (better code and fewer bugs) more quickly than if you were to spend lots of time perfecting each project, never mind the value that is generated from the additional features that you've shipped (which you otherwise wouldn't have shipped if you were spending time scrutinizing your code for bugs). > You don't really synergize social media with cloud infra. I think your first-mover and competitive industry points stand, but I don't see how retail and search synergize better with cloud infra than social. The cloud infra business model is (as far as I can tell) just building general purpose computing-at-scale features in a reusable, billable way and selling those to consumers. VM/container/database/serverless/etc orchestration isn't more aligned with retail than other businesses as far as I can tell. Do they have a "move fast and break things" philosophy in 2020? I know they did a decade ago, but is that still true today? Further, does that philosophy apply to their core infrastructure, or just leaf-node feature development? Is there any indication that Facebook's cloud infra team sacrifices stability for innovation? When was the last time Facebook had a major outage that was traced to some core service? How does their infra track record stack up to AWS (I'm a happy AWS customer, but their infrastructure flakes on us in a major way several times per year)? I agree; however, a point of clarification: If you model the resource as an object then the ownership system precludes concurrent use of that resource within the process (the ownership analog for RAII). However, if you have multiple processes attempting to access the same resource, then no, of course those static guarantees don't help, and (perhaps to your implicit point) this multihost/multiprocess model is the more common case in saas applications. Write Python or similar that evaluates YAML. This works super well for config management. Give it a shot! I really hope we (the US) conducts a thorough and credible investigation as to who is responsible for this failure to prepare for this crisis. I have minimal faith in government or regulatory agencies, but I thought the CDC was one of the few government agencies that had its shit together. Apparently they couldn't even be bothered to keep a reasonably stocked reserve of masks and ventilators--things that we knew we would need in the event of a respiratory disease outbreak which we were looking pretty probable following SARS and MURS. Never mind planning to secure and ramp up critical supply chains. I'm sure there's lots of blame to be laid at the feet of congress and various administrations, but these things seem to be squarely in the purview of the CDC and certainly aren't line items on the congressional appropriations bill. I want criminal charges pressed against bureaucrats and politicians tarred and feathered not so much because I'm pissed that their negligence has killed / will kill thousands but so that future politicians and agency heads will take this shit seriously in the future. If there aren't sufficient legal avenues for holding politicians and bureaucrats accountable, then we need to create some. By my estimation, most elite media, academia, and other epistemological institutions retained a strong sense of professional integrity prior to ~2012. They certainly had their biases, but they took some care to veil them. This change felt pretty distinct and abrupt to me; before the sort of overt partisanship was widespread among the general population, but these elite institutions were generally seen as above the fray. Afterward, we saw a steep trend toward tabloidism that climaxed early last year with the Covington Catholic affair (for the unfamiliar, the media doctored a video of some students to make them appear to be frothing racists to the effect that they were mobbed online and received threats of death and violence even from celebrities) but which has remained in a lesser but still heightened state ever since. We have accountability for every other executive. Why do top brass at CDC get to plead ignorance? Maybe to your point the CDC or Congress really is just one guy working out of his Atlanta garage and it is too much to ask of him to maintain a stockpile of basic supplies for the most likely disaster scenario (you know, those respiratory disease outbreaks that we've seen 3 of in the last 2 decades). If this is what the investigation finds and this guy really did everything he could with the budget he had, then let's name and shame the politicians who gave him that budget. Like I previously mentioned, I don't doubt that congress didn't give the CDC a stellar budget, but I have a hard time believing that they spent their resources on better things than masks and ventilators (no, not based on hindsight, but based on the pattern of respiratory disease outbreaks) and that they couldn't even afford to plan to secure supply chains. That's like one analyst's job for several months. But again, maybe I'm wrong and the fault lies squarely with Congress or one or several administrations--those politicians still deserve to be tarred and feathered (again, accountability is a real thing). In any case, we won't know without an investigation . > conduct an honest investigation to prepare for the future, rather than punish people. Nope. "Accountability" is preparing for the future. Without it those in charge will just ignore those best laid plans because they're too expensive and there's no cost to ignoring them. If you drive drunk and kill someone, you go to jail. If you are in charge of a federal agency and you don't do your basic due diligence and your glaring fuck-up kills thousands of people, we shouldn't laugh it off. I think it's largely people talking past each other. One group claims that deeper understanding is useful and the other group says "no way, you don't need deeper understanding to get into (e.g., web) dev!". Being useful doesn't mean "necessary for an entry level position in the highest-level subdomains of computing". You don't need to be proficient for an entry level position by definition. Further, proficiency at programming is only tenuously related to an immersive knowledge of computer science topics. Further still, proficiency at software engineering is more about soft skills like writing readable code, managing projects, and collaborating with teams to ship large units of software. Having lots of knowledge of low level components or math is icing on the cake for the overwhelming majority of applications (much to my chagrin--I really like the lower levels and the technical nitty-gritty). Seems like “profession” just is t a very useful or meaningful term. If you insist on using it, I might suggest that “programming” and “development” aren’t professions, while software engineering is; however, there are lots of SEs whose jobs more closely resemble dev jobs. > It's the exact opposite. I don't think that's stuff should be abstracted away. Why not? The Kubernetes/serverless/DevOps people have a compelling argument--organizations can move faster when dev teams don't have to coordinate with an ops/sysadmin function to get anything done. If the ops/sysadmin/whatever team instead manages a Kubernetes cluster and devs can simply be self-service users of that cluster, then they can move faster. That's the sales pitch, and it seems reasonable (and I've seen it work in practice when our team transitioned from a traditional sysadmin/ops workflow to Fargate/DevOps). If you want to persuade me otherwise, tell me about the advantages of having an ops team assemble and gatekeep a bespoke platform and why those advantages are better than the k8s/serverless/DevOps position. I might be misunderstanding you, but this line makes me think you misunderstood the k8s/serverless/devops argument: > your tiny DevOps team is spending 80% of their time managing a huge portfolio of small apps In a DevOps world (the theory goes), the DevOps team supports the core infrastructure (k8s, in this case) while the dev teams own the CI pipelines, deployment, monitoring, etc. The dev teams operate their own applications (hence DevOps), the "DevOps team" just provides a platform that facilitates this model--basically tech like k8s, serverless, docker, etc free dev teams from needing to manage VMs (bin packing applications into VM images, configuring SSH, process management, centralized logging, monitoring, etc) and having the sysadmin skillset required to do so well [^1]. You can disagree with the theory if you like, but your comment didn't seem to be addressing the theory (sincere apologies and please correct me if I misunderstood your argument). [^1] Someone will inevitably try to make the argument that appdevs should have to learn to "do it right" and learn the sysadmin skillset, but such sysadmin/appdev employees are rare/expensive and it's cheaper to have a few of them who can build out kubernetes solutions that the rest of the non-sysadmin appdevs can use much more readily. This feels like more of a criticism of libc/glibc to me. In either case, it makes me glad that Go doesn't lean so heavily on libc/glibc (even though everyone complains endlessly about bugs like those that happened that one time MacOS made a syscall API change to the effect that users needed to update their binaries). I guess I wasn't intending to advocate for hitting syscalls directly so much as I was advocating against targeting libc and calling it a day. Libc is a leaky interface (as previously discussed, things randomly break if the implementation isn't glibc which itself has lots of issues), and I like that Go targets each platform individually (even if there are issues with its macos bindings). It works out very well in practice, and even the issues with the macos bindings are nigh insignificant. Yes, I completely agree—we’re saying the same thing. As an American, I was really disappointed in the CDC response. Even in the initial confusion, it's their fundamental job to prepare for and monitor these crises. Despite SARS and MURS, they still weren't prepared on a basic level to confront a respiratory disease (no meaningful stockpile of N95 masks or ventilators nor plans for ramping up production of the same) and then the whole debacle with the CDC vs WHO tests. The experts seem to be saying that tests are the most important aspect of the response and we botched that royally; only recently has our testing capacity begun to trend toward adequate (failing to address this sooner means the loss of life is exponentially greater). Note that these failures are independent of whatever initial confusion there may have been about this particular disease. And I don't think this is a simple case of hindsight: we've had several respiratory epidemics in the last couple of decades and we were still caught unprepared. I'm no expert and perhaps there is a reasonable explanation for all of this, but I suspect it was really negligence to the tune of thousands of American lives and who knows how much economic damage. Doesn’t it prosper everyone? What happens if the workers from the poorest countries aren’t allowed to work in the wealthier countries? Surely they and the wealthier countries are all worse off? “Non-zero-sum game” and all that... The claim wasn’t about JIT in general, but rather about JS. It is, but that’s not saying a lot and it’s still far far slower than Go/Java/C#, and it also isn’t compatible with lots of existing Python code. Such as anything that would like to talk to a Postgres database. Pypy is great, but it can’t fix a broken ecosystem and general lack of leadership in the Python community. :( (Broken ecosystem = lots of things don’t work with lots of other things; package managers are another example; Mypy another) There are no supported drivers for it as far as I could find. The common answer is to use psycopg2cffi, but that hasn’t had a commit in like 4 years. The alternatives I could find were in the same shape or worse. I’m not advocating for the post or anything else, I was just clarifying a misunderstanding. I recall looking at pg8000 in particular, but it didn't inspire confidence for our production use case. It had only 20 commits in 2019 and fewer than 100 stars. I also didn't have a good understanding of the performance tradeoffs (pypy/pg8000 vs C library). My experience with Mypy has not been pleasant. It doesn't work with a whole host of packages including zip packages (PEP 441) or those that aren't built for Mypy directly (you have to sprinkle empty .pytyped files in various places in your project IIRC or mypy will ignore the type hints you provide; I ran into this with the `black` package. Further, getting it to find installed packages is tremendously difficult--it generally just fails with "couldn't find package" or something similarly useless and the docs it links you to are not helpful in my experience. Mypy also barfs on recursive types, so you can't express things like JSON, nor can you constrain generic types based on protocols. Similarly, Postgres doesn't work for Pypy unless you're willing to use libraries that are unmaintained or only very lightly maintained, and even then who knows what the performance tradeoffs will be. Those are pretty substantial caveats for a production use case. I haven't used Poetry, but I've heard good things. I'm very cautious though, because I've also heard high praise about pip/virtualenv, pip-tools, pipenv, etc and every single one had spectacular problems on the happy path (30 minutes to resolve dependencies with pipenv is my favorite). For better or worse, your schadenfreude will only last as long as the aid package. When the money runs out, the power dynamic reverses, and the economic aftermath may well leave poorer Americans in a worse bargaining position than they were before (as economic downturns often do). Wages are largely a function of supply and demand. This downturn favors critical workers because the demand increased faster than the supply can increase, so their wages/perks should go up accordingly, but nothing happens over night. There is that possibility, and while I can understand the desire for a change of administration after all of this, I can't understand why socialists are so positively gleeful. The federal government (not just the administration, but the CDC and the FDA as well) have failed in every conceivable regard in this pandemic response (somehow after 3 global outbreaks including 2 respiratory diseases in recent years, the CDC couldn't be bothered to secure a supply of masks and ventilators, never mind the testing debacle) while private industry and state/local governments are picking up the slack (scaling up testing capacity, innovating on treatments and interventions, lobbying for aid, scaling up supply chains, etc). Maybe the media will take care to spin this as a "failure of capitalism" somehow, but as far as the truth is concerned, it doesn't strike me as favoring more government. Who is "them" and how are they pushing on the supply side? The supply is only increasing insofar as workers from other industries are able/willing to transition, and even for "menial" jobs such as these, there is surely a fair amount of training that must be done. Moreover, corporations will probably prefer to temporarily increase wages for their current workers rather than take on a glut of novice workers and then do layoffs or wait for attrition afterward, so the supply side seems limited in my view. EDIT: The parent has significantly revised their comment since I replied such that my comment doesn't make sense in the new context. SQL isn't type-safe, so Prisma has that over it if nothing else. There's also a lot to be said for the difficulty in composing efficient SQL queries. If this tool can do that (I would be surprised) it would be a significant advancement (yes, this would be "making you not learn SQL" in the same way C makes you "not learn assembly"). Something like this would make sure that all queries are correct per some expected schema and processes keep the expected and live schemas in sync. Such a process might be "database migrations run in the CD pipeline and nothing else changes the database". Of course there are edge cases here and there (someone will eventually need to log into a production database), but these processes go a long way toward reducing risk. > Sure that's true, but performance is about measurement. I have a very low degree of confidence that a pure Python solution (even JIT optimized) is going to compete with a native solution, not to mention that by all appearances it isn't sufficiently well-supported to meet our criteria. Measuring the performance for me feels like a waste of time; it's easier just to forego Pypy until the ecosystem matures. > Poetry has some missing pieces still (I can list them if you're interested but I'm on my phone) but it's the first time I've felt ok recommending a packaging tool to beginners. The experience is way better than the alternatives like pipenv. This is good to know. I'll have to give it a try. Yes, when we talk about type safety, we generally mean "compile time" type safety. Python is also "type safe" at runtime (which is to say, "it's strongly typed"), but we don't conventionally consider Python to be type-safe. What solutions does Europe, etc have that the US doesn't? Genuine question. Clever. What solutions has said legislature come up? Nothing in your post contradicts mine, but you're using a contradictory tone, so I'm confused. Dynamic/static typing are indeed orthogonal to weak/strong typing; however, the OP seemed to be arguing that "SQL is typesafe because it is statically checked at runtime/JIT-compile-time" which is almost exactly the definition of "strong typing" and not generally what we mean by "type safe" (the latter typically refers to statically typed). *come up with? (apparently I missed the edit window) It would probably go a long way if they advertised a roadmap of things they’d like to work on given donations. Maybe they have this out there and I just haven’t seen it, but I imagine it would be easy enough for me to persuade my small employer to throw a few thousand USD their way each year until some sane packaging solution is developed. Fair enough. This is a small consolation for practitioners, especially since much SQL is often composed dynamically, and the engine can't tell you about where the composition went wrong (unlike Rust, TS, etc). Maybe if SQL had its own hygienic macro language, but I'm not sure how that would compare to libraries like Prisma. In Chicago the schools are still handing out lunches to parents/kids to come and pick up. I think the you're largely observing the difference in purchasing power of a dollar between the US and eastern Europe. If you spent $200K to build a stone house, it would be much smaller (for example, in Western Europe where the purchasing power is more similar to the United States and stone construction is more common, houses tend to be much smaller than the US). This isn't to say that large houses are ideal, but Americans in general certainly tend to value living space more than Europeans. Further, the American model might be more susceptible to damage, but the damage is more cheaply repaired. It also lends itself to remodel as trends change (e.g., central heating and airconditioning, innovations in indoor plumbing [like removing lead-based plumbing], computer networking, as well as changes in interior layout trends), which allows a property to hold more value for longer. Bitcoin hardly created the perverse incentive; pollution has always been an externalized cost in most parts of the world. We really need a carbon tax (or similar) so that pollution costs aren't externalized. You and the GP are in agreement with each other and in disagreement with the OP's claim that Bitcoin created this perverse incentive--the incentive to externalize pollution costs has its origins in the Bronze Age or sooner. Bitcoin is further exploiting this incentive. Any idea what the driver (pun not intended) is on that increase? Were more guns sold? Did people abruptly start driving more? Lots of things pretty much require dynamic config. Nontrivial docker compose files, Dockerfiles (if you want a static include mechanism, for example), Kubernetes configs, CloudFormation templates, Terraform templates, etc. They need to be dynamic and most of those technologies have one or more popular and hacky solutions for introducing that dynamism (helm charts use ninja templates, CloudFormation adds an AST son too of YAML and drives users toward insane macro lambda functions, terraform keeps extending its “config” language, etc). I’m fine with those platforms preferring a static view of the world so long as there is a sane way to generate the configs dynamically. I would actually prefer a strictly static interface a la Kubernetes config YAML and other targets can generate the corresponding kubernetes configs. The best time I’ve had has actually been using Python to generate this YAML. I even use type hints so I can statically type check my configs, which isn’t something I can do with vanilla YAML (barring some grotesque jsonschema-esque monstrosity). Do we know that that is the driver of California’s improved outcomes vs (for example) climate? I believe illinois was similarly early (at least relative to its phase of progression if not absolute date) but I believe the outcomes are worse there, certainly on a population adjusted basis. EDIT: Californians, this is a genuine question, not trying to bruise your egos by suggesting suggesting you're perhaps equal to other Americans. Terribly sorry! I have a hobby blog that I'm trying to run for Browser (~3 lines of JS) -> API Gateway -> SQS Queue -> Lambda (ETLs queue into) -> Athena. I was originally just going to use Postgres, but RDS/Aurora are expensive and running Postgres in EC2 is going to be at least as much work (configuring SSH, process management, backups, monitoring, logging, image building, networking, etc). My custom plan is ~$3/month all-in provided I stay below ~1M requests per month, and even then it scales very cheaply. Also, this design is highly scalable, although I doubt I'll ever take advantage of it; it's mostly just icing on the cake. The main motivation is that these components are available on the free plan ("forever", not just the first 12 months) and/or the pricing model makes the charges negligible for my super-low-volume use case. Note that this doesn't give me pretty dashboards; the interface is SQL. Fortunately, there are other analysis tools that I have at my disposal which can plug in to SQL. Lastly, of course my $5 budget doesn't do justice to the actual value of my time; it's more of a fun challenge. If I really just wanted web analytics, I should shell out the $6/month for plausible or similar. A free trial isn't the same as "free for low volume / hobby usage". Not sure if that's what the OP is after, but it's what I'm after. And to head off a couple of popular distortions/digressions: 1. There's a difference between wanting a free hobby tier and believing that I'm owed a free hobby tier. 2. Just because a company should be paid for their work doesn't imply that I'm obligated to use their product. I've used GA before for this same blog, and the bloat was perceptible. Not only that, but the GA interface was poor and there was a lot of spam. Adding onto that the various ethical concerns (privacy and Google's questionable politics), I decided to go with something else. Also, to reemphasize, the primary purpose of the blog and its infrastructure is to serve my own amusement and to indulge my technical interests. > Might not be very helpful in your case but I'd recommend thinking about using a simpler setup than SQS Queue + Lambda, if that works for you ️ I did try to find something simpler, and I remember looking at Fathom but I don't recall off the top of my head what my qualm was. Basically anything that involves a VM is more complex than the system I described and anything that involves Docker is considerably more expensive (Fargate/ECS/EKS pricing models). I haven't looked at it, but I want to get away from managing (pet) VMs. I want something that is fully git-opsed, and git-opsing VMs is a lot of work. It's much easier to string together a bunch of AWS resources via CloudFormation (or Terraform, although I'm less familiar), and then I can stand it up or tear it down whenever I want. It’s one of the more common bugs in our office. Before we integrated a Python linter in our CI for a prototype project, we would see several such typo errors each week with a small team (and that was with symbols, not string literals). Maybe this is intuitive to JS devs, but what are the advantages of "zero third-party dependencies" and "being a comprehensive tool for the processing of anything JS related" or any of the other selling points of Rome? It seems like an impressive project, but it's not obvious to me what its actual benefits are. The point is that if you can make typos in identifiers in (unlinted) Python then you can make typos in string literals in Go. In both cases, there is no static analysis to help you. I'm all for pollution controls, clean power, etc, but I don't see how this is related to the article. There's no observable difference in the 'amount' or 'quality' of nature (except that it's meandering into temporarily vacant 'human spaces'), and limiting visits to these natural places will almost certainly drive down empathy and political support for nature preservation. This article doesn't demonstrate the earth "healing" (certainly not in a 1-month timeframe), and there isn't a quadrupling in bear population; the headline is a lie as the article later clarifies. The headline is referring to bears spreading out from their habitat to temporarily-vacated human habitats. Completely agree. I can't even find good information about what our current testing capacity even is (the numbers on the CDC website are hilariously wrong--New York has almost as many positive cases reported per day as the CDC reports have been run--both positive and negative results--nationally). Further, for whatever reason, I can't find good information from the media about what various levels of government are doing about testing. It was almost inexcusable in the first month--CDC was clearly planning for an outbreak on the order of thousands of people in total (tiny reserve of masks and ventilators, severely limited testing capacity, etc), but now it's been a month that South Korea has had drive through testing facilities and by all appearances our CDC still doesn't even know how many tests are performed per day much less how it's going to scale up testing so we can "reopen our economy". The free market is also 3M realizing after the SARS outbreak in 2003 that something like this might happen again, and building surge capacity into its manufacturing plants. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2020-03-25/3m-double... Unfortunately, the CDC learned no such lesson and continued to operate as though no widespread contagious disease could possibly break out on US soil, as they had virtually no stockpile of masks nor even plans to secure the mask supply chain, etc (not to mention their testing strategy only scaled to hundreds of cases per day). I suppose that's the unitary state. Of course, the CDC should have a serious reserve of masks (and other general equipment for the most likely outbreaks) and plans to secure the supply chain, including partnering with private industry to make sure they can operate at an increased capacity in case of emergency. There's no fundamental reason that our federal agencies have to be incompetent with respect to their fundamental purpose. Thanks for changing the title. When I checked, the top comment pretty clearly interpreted the title's claim literally, so I think people were genuinely confused. Thank you for your faith in us, but it seems it was perhaps misplaced this time. :) I don’t buy that argument because: 1. Masks were dirt cheap and certainly useful for any serious epidemic or bioterrorism event or just about any other emergency scenario for which the CDC would be called upon (our reserves were in the tens of thousands, but those masks sell for cents apiece—could have had a million masks for ~$500K) 2. The CDC didn’t even have plans to secure the supply chain, and plans are damn near free 3. The CDC was budget constrained but went and developed its own test instead of using the WHO test? EDIT: Updated math figure Only 3 orders of magnitude. :) Thanks for the correction. By no means has Trump done a good job, but I don't think he deserves credit or blame for masks or the testing fiasco. CDC exists to prepare for and manage exactly this scenario and as far as I can tell, it's done neither. There's lots the president can do (and much of which he's failed to do) as well, so there's no shortage of blame to levy at him and his administration, but I'm far more concerned about the CDC's failure because the CDC will outlast any particular president. Yeah, that was dumb. But the job of that team was to coordinate with the CDC, it wasn't the CDC. There's lots of blame to go around and much of it to POTUS, but the CDC failed in its most fundamental capacity and unlike POTUS, CDC has no term limits so we need to hold them accountable. The idea is reuse. YAML (and probably Terraform, though I can't speak to it directly) doesn't give you many facilities for reusing blocks of config, especially if they vary subtly in some parameterized way. CloudFormation gives you some reusability in the way of nested-stacks and macros, but it's seriously heavy-handed. We do use Troposphere in a handful of cases, and it has its own problems, mostly in that it makes it hard to write declarative Python code with it (which is generally what you want--declarative code but with more expressive power than YAML). I have a prototype of an improvement to Troposphere that I built for my own amusement, and I think I'm on to something: https://github.com/weberc2/nimbus/blob/master/examples/src/n... Note that this example is type-safe and declarative while Troposphere is not. Basically I don't think Troposphere is a good representation of what infrastructure-as-code(-not-yaml) could look like. Not sure about Pulumi as I haven't tried it. But I know the answer isn't YAML, it's not hacking an AST on top of YAML a la CloudFormation, it's not a different static dialect with its own dynamic hacks a la HCL, and it's not generating YAML with text templates a la Helm. The model is "use a programming language to generate static configs", so you can't provision infinite VMs--your program would OOM or run out of disk because you're trying to generate an infinitely-large config file. If you're seriously concerned about this (and you shouldn't be), you can use something like Starlark ( https://go.starlark.net ), which is a Python dialect that prohibits unbounded loops, I/O, etc. Note that if you use Python with type hints, you can actually get more safety than YAML. > It's specially dangerous to have a turing-complete language for configuration once you factor in that the reflex of an inexperienced developer who is more likely to make these messes is to use a tool they're already familiar with even when the tool is actively harmful to their goals, as Pulumi facilitates. "Turing complete" is a red herring. You can write a program in Dhall that will continue to run long after we're all dead. But this doesn't happen in practice and/or when it does we notice something is wrong fairly quickly and correct the problem. And because these infra-as-code-and-not-configuration solutions generate configuration, if you do have a loop that doesn't terminate or similar, it's not a problem because your program never deploys any changes. As for making messes, our experienced developers make more of a mess with static configuration because it's fundamentally impossible to manage large static configurations with their inherent repeatable segments that must be kept in sync. The static configuration players try to solve for this by introducing hacky mechanisms for reuse (macros and nested-stacks in CloudFormation, text templates via Helm for Kubernetes, etc), but these fall over very quickly as hacks do. I can't speak to Terraform because I haven't used it, but I'm skeptical that modules are sufficient for many of the same reasons that CloudFormation templates are insufficient. I think at some level you need the ability to programmatically generate arbitrary static configuration, and you end up needing something very like a real programming language to do that. If you need something very like a real programming language, you should just use a real programming language instead of a tool that accidentally reinvents programming language concepts and the corresponding unnecessary learning curve that that implies for developers. I think the reason these tools are surviving in the "marketplace" is because they market is inexperienced and they conflate "generating static configs (to be passed into a tool that can apply the configs) with an imperative language" with "imperative provisioning of infrastructure". The market sees static/declarative solutions like Terraform and CloudFormation as the only alternatives to "imperative provisioning of infrastructure". I think as our industry gets more experience and tools for generating YAML/static-configs improve, it will be clear that these are the ways forward. > I don't see this as such a terrible problem. The configurations may have more LOC's but there are not as many surprises. The dependency of declarable configuration makes it rock solid and favorable among operations teams who need to make these kinds of changes all the time. The issue is that your static configs often have lots of boilerplate sections that have to be kept in sync. Further, you can use an imperative language like Python, JS, etc and still write in a completely declarative fashion (or you can use a functional language which tend to be declarative out of the box). Conversely, you can model an AST in YAML (which is what CloudFormation is trending toward) and get the worst of all worlds. Bottom line: don't conflate "reusability" with "imperative" or "static" with "declarative". > want to point that ever since Terraform 0.12, all terraform params and modules etc are transformable in objects, what I mean by that is you can use functions like yamldecode or jsondecode to decode any yaml or json into terraform objects and pass into modules or resources or locals This sounds like an important development for Terraform, but it also sounds like it's proving my theory that TF is reinventing a standard programming language badly. > also "real" programming language is always funny to me when ops are going to be much more comfortable with HCL. Maybe (and I think it's a big maybe), but if you want to empower developers to do their own ops (read "DevOps"), then HCL is a strict loss over a language they're already familiar with. > JSON/YAML are not in the same class as HCL. YAML maybe can do nesting with & but they can't just create simple config style interface, where the user facing side is a simple yaml file, and the terraform code underneath take it in and pass it to its modules Right, as previously mentioned, HCL is accidentally reinventing a programming language. The YAML-based infra-as-code solutions also reinvent programming languages but they build them by building out programming language features on top of YAML (instead of extending the language layer itself) or by generating YAML via text templates. If I had to choose between these, I would pick HCL for sure, but thankfully I can just generate static configs with Python or similar. > It's the benefit of having limitations that come with being turing incomplete that prevent us from doing a lot of stupid stuff without realizing it and doing "hacky workarounds" without properly understanding the problem we face. You'll have to articulate your said benefits to be sure, but I would wager that the principle reason to be turing incomplete is to address the halting problem and that the benefits you're thinking about come from other properties of the language (functional purity, immutability, limitations on I/O, type safety where applicable, etc). Notably, there are lots of hacky workarounds employed in HCL and YAML because people don't understand the problem properly. The problem requires that we can generate arbitrary static configuration from a fixed set of inputs. If your organization is so inept that they keep adding in infinite loops and/or I/O, then by all means, try something like Dhall or Starlark (unfamiliar vs not-type-safe, pick your poison); however, if this is a consistent problem in your organization you probably need to replace your humans because these programs aren't hard to write correctly. > Or don't do static configuration and just use something like Terraform where you can just reference a resource and pass it around. Because this only addresses reuse at the resource level. You can do the same thing in CloudFormation; it's not adequate. For example, not everything is a resource. You ultimately need the ability to generate arbitrary static configuration. Terraform probably has lots of other disparate features that collectively address a good portion of the solution space, but programming languages have a unified concept ("functions") that satisfy the whole solution space and programmers are already familiar with them. Terraform's job should be taking static configs and applying them to infrastructure--let a real programming language generate those configs, or at least offer dynamic configuration language that is designed with a proper understanding of the problem (to use your words). > Well, then maybe you should try it before you decide it doesn't work! Based on the assumptions I called out about it, it necessarily can't work as well as a general purpose language. I intend to try it to see if my assumptions are correct or not. > It's a nice idea to be able to have a programming language you're familiar with available to do infra work, but deploying and managing infrastructure is a totally different problem domain than writing an application. It's not a hard domain. Developers can write a program that evaluates to YAML--it's not hard. The hard part is applying that YAML to the infrastructure in an efficient way, but programmers don't need to worry about this because Terraform, CloudFormation, Kubectl, etc do it for them. > If the concern is letting developers that don't have much ops experience architect an infrastructure, or you have recent graduates that "don't know HCL", then you have quite a higher learning curve than you actually think you do. "Learn Ops + HCL" is a bigger learning curve than "learn ops". Notably, learning two things at the same time is a bigger problem than learning them both individually. But you're right that using a standard programming language isn't a substitute for learning how to architect infrastructure--I never said it did--only that it removes the unnecessary complexity and unfamiliarity imposed by HCL. > I've never once thought "I really wish I could just use TypeScript for configuring my infrastructure". If that's you, great! Call me when you hit scale and your ops team needs to refactor it. Ha! If the industry hasn't moved past Terraform in 5 years time, it will only be because HCL has adopted enough of the general purpose programming language featureset as to remain competitive. That's certainly its trajectory. I've been keeping tabs on it for a while. Feel free to point out where I'm mistaken. > Yes, I agree with this. However, its predictable. As an operations person, I value predictability and am willing to pay the price of keeping static configs in sync. I think there's wisdom in this at small scales, but as the volume and complexity of your boilerplate grows, I think you lose any advantages. I also think this threshold is quite low (as an ops person and a dev person) since it's not much harder to look at/read the YAML generated by a script vs that which is hand-rolled and committed to git. > Hold on, I'm not conflating anything. Are you sure? Because you just said "I am willing to pay the price of keeping static configs sync" and then "For infrastructure, declarative languages are a lot more suitable for the properties they provide" and then you started to talk about "static types" in Python, which is different than "static" in the YAML sense (YAML isn't statically typed, but it is static in that it isn't evaluated or executed). I'm not trying to be a jerk, it just sounds like a lot of concepts are being confused. I also wasn't making the argument "you can write terrible things in any language" (not sure if you were attributing that argument to me or if that was a point you were trying to make). Consider this Python: https://github.com/weberc2/nimbus/blob/master/examples/src/n... It's fully declarative , but it does evaluate , so it's not static in the YAML sense. It outputs a JSON CloudFormation template (but it could easily output in YAML) which you could inspect visually before passing onto CloudFormation. It's also statically typed although that's not evident from this file since all types are inferred in this file (however there are annotations in the imported libraries), and while the static typing is a very useful property, it's not what I've been talking about in this thread. In my opinion, this is no less readable than the equivalent YAML; however, it's capable of doing much more (albeit if your infrastructure is just one S3 bucket, then this is overkill--to really understand the power of dynamic configuration, you would want a more complex example). Yeah, I meant that Terraform is more rigid with respect to reusability than a general purpose language like Python. This isn't a controversial point; the controversy is whether that's a bug or a feature. I think it's a feature, and to the extent that Terraform is becoming increasingly flexible, I would say I'm vindicated in my position. > You want to make the same change to 20 scripts? Trivial with a declarative language you can parse easily. You have this exactly backwards. You don't need to make the same change to 20 scripts because you have a real programming language; reuse is built-in. > If you environment requires complex scripts to get up and running, that is a strong hint that you are not done yet. Can it be simplified further? What options do you have for simplifying YAML except to generate it programmatically? It seems like you’re violently agreeing with me. Like I said, rectifying the infrastructure is the hard part and generating YAML is not. Let the tools do the hard part. They’re good at that. Not so much at the expressiveness and reusability part. > I can’t trust my teammates to write code that doesn’t use raw eval()’s all over the place. Getting them, nevermind relying on them to write Python/JS in the correct way is straight up out of the question. Then use Starlark ( https://go.starlark.net ) or Dhall or similar. > At least I know in Terraform/HCL they can’t map a config change over the 1000 new instances they spun up because they happened to write their for loop wrong. To be clear, the proposal is to use a programming language to generate your HCL-equivalent configs , not to imperatively modify infrastructure. Consequently, you can inspect the generated "HCL" (or whatever the output is) and make sure it looks like the code they would write manually. Further, you can even write automated tests. Our organization tried Nix for many years. Most of our problems were around usability, lack of documentation (including zero docstrings or type annotations in nixpkgs), and the overt unfamiliarity of the Nix expression language (asking a whole organization to learn something that seems deliberately cryptic isn't a recipe for success), and a long tail of other things. Still, at its core Nix for package management seems like the future; I just have no confidence that they're going to iron out those issues in the next 4-5 years. Of course, none of that speaks to Guix as I haven't used it, but hopefully it's awesome and solves all of those problems. I don't think Nix works for a lot of organizations as a package manager. It works for a lot of individuals for a different use case (NixOS). If you're mostly installing existing packages from nixpkgs onto a NixOS box, that probably works very well--users don't need to know much about the expression language or the nature of their dependency tree. If you're using it as a development tool, users are going to need to intimately understand Nix, its expression language, and their entire dependency tree. Further, how well Nix works for your development use case largely depends on which language you're using, how well that language is supported by Nix (is it compiled or interpreted, does nixpkgs have good coverage for your language's ecosystem, etc). Notably, working with Haskell or Go in Nix is probably quite easy, while working with Python is quite hard. As an example, I recall trying to build a package for psycopg2 (it wasn't in nixpkgs at the time, and even if it were, for one reason or another we couldn't directly use many packages from nixpkgs), the most popular Python library for interacting with a Postgres database; however, that required me to write packages for a bunch of C libraries that I didn't understand at all, including fishing random header files out of the Postgres source code. No one in our organization including our Nix veterans could figure out how to build it correctly, and it ultimately caused us to move away from Nix (it was among the last straws). Besides, just because it didn't work for us doesn't imply that there's a problem with our personnel (by several industry key metrics, our devops capability is excellent), but rather that the effort required to implement Nix successfully was greater than the work required to use other tooling. We could use C++ instead of Python for our organization, but just because we don't doesn't imply that our organization is incompetent; rather that Python's tradeoffs are more appropriate for our problems. In effect, Nix creates more problems than it solves for us, which is unfortunate because the problems it solves are really important problems, and many of the problems it creates are utterly unnecessary (add docstrings, use a more familiar expression language--maybe Starlark [ https://go.starlark.net ], provide and document 'escape hatches' so users can use system dependencies where it's prohibitively difficult to hermetically package things, etc). People forget that the "rule of least power" is "the language with the least power suitable for the task ". The question is whether YAML/HCL are suitable for the task to begin with. The following facts all testify that it is not, and that the principle of least power favors "real programming languages": * CloudFormation hacks things like references, nested-stacks, macros, imports, etc onto YAML * HCL becomes more powerful with each version * Helm generates YAML with templates and recently added support for Lua * AWS is building its CDK, which generates CloudFormation with programming languages * Things like Terraform and Pulumi exist For those who were having deja vu, this is a notification that GitHub completed its acquisition of NPM. It's not Nix's fault, but that doesn't make it cheaper to deal with. Whatever you want to say, `pip install psycopg2` just works because someone else already dealt with the packaging problem. The parent was talking about LCD vs CRT displays. The parent is confusing throughput (240 frames/second) with latency. There are other ways to get enough reproducibility without the headaches of Nix, however, so that’s what we ended up doing. Reproducibility is nice, but if we need to be able to develop software quickly and for the time being, Nix is an impediment. As previously mentioned, this doesn’t have to be the case; it’s mostly an artifact of lack of documentation and a strong preference for the novel and unfamiliar over the familiar, but also for lack of escape hatches. I also don't know what that's referring to. There's usually quite a lot you can do to optimize for GC here. Depending on the root cause, you can create fewer allocations using buffers, arenas, etc and you can also trigger manual collections or disable collection for certain intervals. Hard to know what limits he ran into without more detail. > Fyi - python ASGI frameworks like fastapi/Starlette are the same developer experience as go. Can you provide some context for this statement? I've used Python asyncio extensively in Fargate (no ASGI frontend), and the developer experience is far from Go; however, I don't see how an ASGI framework can fix this. It seems like it offers the same general course-grained parallelism that you get from a containerized environment like Fargate except that Fargate abstracts over a cluster while ASGI frameworks presumably just abstract over a handful of CPUs. For example, we have a large data structure that we have to load and process for each request. We want to parallelize the processing of that structure, but the costs to pickle it for a multiprocessing approach are much too large. We've considered the memory mapped file approach, but it has its own issues. We're also looking at stateful-server solutions, like Dask, but now we're talking about running infrastructure. In Go, we could just fork a few goroutines and be on our way. This comment makes it sound like Go and Python are pretty much in the same class because neither is perfect. I invite anyone who thinks this way to write considerable (shared-memory) parallel code in both languages and see which they prefer. As for Go's "set of problems with parallelism", they're pretty much just that sharing memory is hard to do correctly without giving up performance. No languages do this well; Rust and Haskell make it appear easier by making single-threaded code more difficult to write--requiring you to adhere to invariants like functional purity or borrowing. If you're writing Python, you very likely have values that are incompatible with these invariants (you want to onboard new developers quickly and you want your developers to write code quickly and you're willing to trade off on correctness to do so). Go is absolutely best-in-class if you have typical Python values. I've used Python and Go extensively. Go's packaging story has a few rough edges, but Python's is an impenetrable maze of competing tools that each purport to address others' major hidden pitfalls. To work with Python packages, you have to pick the right subset of these technologies to work with, and you'll probably have to change course several times because all of them have major hidden pitfalls: * wheels * eggs * pex * shiv * setuptools * sdist * bdist * virtualenv * pipenv * pyenv * sys.path * pyproject.toml * pip * pipfile * poetry * twine * anaconda To work with Go: * Publish package (including documentation): git tag $VERSION && git push $VERSION * Add a dependency: add the import declaration in your file and `go build` * Distribution: Build a static binary for every target platform and send it to whomever. No need to have a special runtime (or version thereof) installed nor any kind of virtual environment nor any particular set of dependencies. Running four processes with GOMAXPROCS=1 is strictly worse than 1 process with GOMAXPROCS=4. The difference is coarse-vs-fine grained parallelism. Notably, a WSGI+gevent system doesn't allow you to do parallelism within a request, not to mention configuring these WSGI implementations (especially for production) is a bunch of extra headache for which there is no analogy in Go. With asyncio, your whole app falls over if you accidentally call a library function that makes a sync API call under the covers. gevent (as I understand it; haven't actually used it) will patch all sync APIs and make them async. Also, if you do `aiohttp.get("www.example.com/foo.json").json()", you get a TypeError because coroutine has no method '.json()' (you forgot `await`) unless you're using Mypy. How do you figure? Go's packaging is wayyyy better than Python's. I've done considerable work with each and while Go's ecosystem has warts here and there, it's far from disastrous. I can't say that about Python. If nothing else, Go lets you distribute a static binary with everything built in, including the runtime. Python's closest analog is PEX files, but these don't include the runtime and often require you to have the right `.so` files installed on your system, and they also don't work with libraries that assume they are unpacked to the system packages directory or similar. In general, it also takes much longer to build a PEX file than to compile a Go project. Unfortunately, PEX files aren't even very common in the Python ecosystem. I’ll take “doesn’t even try, but just works” all day every day. What is Github’s downtime for cloning in the last year, and how does it compare to Pypi? And if you’re really worried, why not use a caching proxy just like you do with Pypi? In my experience (using Python since 2008 and Go since 2012), Go package management has far fewer problems. For either case, Python’s story is more complex than Go’s. I fully agree with this assessment, but I don’t see how this puts Python’s story on par with Go’s. While GOPATH was certainly idiosyncratic, it generally just worked for me. While go modules aren’t perfect and the history was frustrating, they generally work fine for me. Python feels like an uphill battle by comparison. I do it when I have to do it. Most things are I/O bound, but sometimes things are compute bound. And since Python is about two orders of magnitude slower than Go (and Python also makes it much harder to optimize straight-line execution because it lacks semantics for expressing memory layout), you tend to need parallelism more often than you would in a fast language. Sometimes you can leverage pandas or write a small chunk in C, but very often those options aren’t available, and naively throwing c at the problem can make your performance worse. Are any congresspeople pissed about this? Can't they demand an account of where the PPE is going? I think the parent was suggesting that they would be used for storage. That’s my experience with StackOverflow in general. I hear complaints like this sometimes but I don’t relate. I don’t know if my style of programming is simply less abstract than others or if I just learned how to write (typesafe) abstract code without depending heavily on genetics. Note that there are still times where I can’t get the abstraction I want in a typesafe way, but these cases have been rare for me. Goroutines are very, very low on my list of reasons that I prefer Go over Java. I think many people misunderstand the value proposition of Go. I disagree. I think there are tons of people who won’t touch Go because they can’t fathom programming without generics. I think lots of people will use the language and interact with lots of existing code and realize how far one can go with respect to type safety without ever touching generics. Unfortunately, I’m also afraid that this sea of newcomers will bring all of their paradigms to the Go ecosystem which is made possible by generics, and frankly the consistency that makes Go so productive will be lost. I like generics, but I’m afraid of the cost. Tooling and deployment are two big ones. Go doesn’t have a Turing complete DSL for it’s project files (that you have to run in daemon mode if you want a fast feedback loop); just a simple list of dependencies and a lock file. Testing is dead simple and built into the standard library and toolchain. Documentation generation is just comments; no javadoc syntax to learn, nor documentation packages to build and publish—godoc.org and friends can read any package available to them (including private repos if you host your own instance) and they automatically link to other packages’ docs without additional work. Also, static linkage by default that just works—yeah, fat jars and AOT are things in the Java world, but they take extra setup and often they aren’t feasible in practice. Meanwhile, I can send a Go binary to any Linux server and it will run. A lot of Java people love Java tooling because everything is super configurable and you can do just about everything you could ever theoretically want to do, but I rarely find this helpful—Go’s tooling generally does what I want it to do; I rarely have problems but I benefit immensely from being able to quickly figure out how to solve my problem. Different values, I guess. Another big one is the data model. Go doesn’t have object types nor inheritance; it has value types, interfaces, pointers, and closures. While in Java I don’t have to use inheritance and one day there may be value types, inheritance and objects are and will continue to be pervasively used in the Java ecosystem, which means I’ll have to interact with lots of such code. Not the end of the world, but I really don’t enjoy it—I wouldn’t spend time fighting it if I have the option of using something else. More importantly, the data model and Go’s AOT allow me to reason about code performance more predictably, although JVM’s JIT compiler would be really nice for the very few highly dynamic programs that I write. Notably, I don’t think Go does everything well or that it’s AOT model is good for everything and Java’s VM model is bad for everything. I actually would like to see a simpler, high performance JITing VM with better semantics for languages with value types (and a lower latency default GC although I hear that is improving in recent JVMs). I specifically don’t want all the bells and whistles for tuning my GC or my VM. I also want a dramatically simpler language running on it. Maybe a super simple lisp or something like Julia but geared toward general app dev. Yeah, I tend not to write or use these data structures. If I want a concurrent map, I usually write my own anyway. It’s easier to add the locks I want than to keep track of how sync.Map thinks about locking a map. I understand that this attitude angers a lot of people who believe that everything should be as DRY as possible, but this way works better for me. Yeah, I've been hearing that the ZGC work is promising! What an exciting development! It's interesting that you cite observability--I've always been of the impression that observing the inner workings of the JVM is tremendously difficult and requires a high degree of expertise? I'm tremendously impressed with the JVM as a runtime (JIT and ZGC); I just hope they're (you're?) able to really make the developer experience seamless so things Just Work. Nit: s/ancestors/descendants. Also, I had some friends from Cedar Rapids who made Kolaches. I never knew how to spell the word. I’m guessing it’s a Czech thing given how many Czech people are in CR. What does that paper represent if not a contract for oil delivery? Presumably there's some real world oil backing it, and if so, where does that oil go? > Middle class people frequently have insurance, but get hammered by deductibles and out of pocket maximums, rarely qualifying for "financial aid." This can be ruinous. How large are these OOP maximums and deductibles on average? I’ve always kept an emergency fund that’s well in excess of my OOP max. Is this unusual? Also, I’m off the impression that you can get onto payment plans if you can’t pay your bills right away? These aren’t rhetorical questions (although that won’t stop people from downvoting as though they are, I’m sure), I’m genuinely curious. I can imagine a wild in which the US pursues science based policy, but it swiftly results in the corruption of science to provide evidence that fits certain conclusions. I think this already happens to a degree in certain fields, and especially among think tanks. This isn’t a reason to avoid science based policies, but just a potential snare along the way. So if the fund declares bankruptcy, who has to deal with the oil? I agree with this, but we're not talking about I am not sure why you (and every other person that replied) assumes that I am suggesting an in-house solution when I explicitly wrote "freedom to choose between vendors". I used "build in house" as a simple example of a broader principle--if there is a "freedom to choose" option that magically lets you migrate from one platform to another at zero cost while imposing no overhead over the AWS solution, then absolutely you should do it. But generally these solutions require a significant up front investment and rarely actually deliver on their promise of abstracting away the underlying platform (now you're wed to $ABSTRACTION on AWS, for example), but that's another story. > That's pretty much the textbook definition of debt. Nonsense. That's not debt, it's deciding to wait to pay for something in cash until you know you want to buy it. It's not debt to wait to spend $30K (cash) on a car until you're sure you want to buy it. The "tech debt" analogy is intended to convey interest--you know you want to change course but you do the expedient thing now knowing that you're going to continually bump into it (each bump is "interest") until you can pay it off properly. This is the opposite--if you build it in house or use a dodgy "platform-agnostic" abstraction, you're going to be paying interest on something you will very likely never even need! As someone who writes a lot of server code, I've always been curious about the architecture for MMOs--how do you handle issues of scale (or is it fine to assume everything is running on the same server)? If you do concern yourself with scale, presumably you have to "shard" your universe somehow? Do you shard by in-game geographical regions? If so, how do you handle players moving from one region (shard) to another? What is the best practice for handling game state? A SQL database? A redis server? Or maybe you just keep things in memory and persist asynchronously? Can anyone recommend blog posts or similar on these subjects? Welp, looks like I'll be going down this rabbit hole all weekend. Thanks! Link to github? Seems like that would quickly fragment unless the ecosystem consolidates around one particular vendor or all such vendors consolidate on a standard fork. I've used a bit of LabVIEW; my hunch is that LabVIEW's standard library has high level components, which it can provide because its niche is so narrow. You could make a similar framework or library in a general purpose language. The other thing LabVIEW provides is a comprehensive solution for project management--many general purpose programming languages give you half-assed package and dependency management (less than half-assed if you're dealing with C or C++) and some make you learn an entirely different programming or configuration language or just to list your dependencies or make your tests runnable. Those are the big rocks that make LabVIEW easier than most general purpose programming languages; however, if you're comparing LabVIEW to C, there are many other advantages, notably garbage collection and abstraction--things that are common in high level programming languages (anyone who says C is a HLL can see themselves out). The visual language is gravy compared to the standard library and the integrated programming environment. Its one tiny write per team per minute if I understand correctly. Even with the best architecture, you probably have some shared libraries that are used across teams. These will often need to be updated, and they will affect several other packages (other repos, in the multirepo case). The only way to avoid this is to duplicate all code. Moreover, you can have a great architecture, but your teams are "feature-oriented" instead of service oriented (or some other vertically oriented team structure) in which case they'll need to touch many different repos (I don't imagine feature-oriented repos are a good idea) per ticket. I'm increasingly convinced that the monorepo approach is the right one, but the tooling needs to get better. Bazel is a hydra of incidental complexity and Nix has the right core idea but suffers from a variety of other problems (poor documentation, gratuitously and unnecessarily unfamiliar, too few escape hatches, etc). These issues aren't fundamental to the domain, and there's no reason these tools couldn't change course nor is there a reason that another tool couldn't come in and eat their lunch. Is it possible that supply chains are really under stress? I would love for an expert to weigh in if only to put my fears to rest, but it seems likely to me that supply chains can't just pivot from routing goods to loads of nonessential businesses to retail. I don't imagine supply chains are designed for such anomalous times. For example, think about the food that was previously routed to restaurants, but now must be routed and sold to grocers. If the supply chain can't pivot quickly, that food goes to waste and whoever invested in that food is out a lot of money--probably a ruinous amount. If those businesses have to fold, that sucks for them, but how many of those businesses can fold before it becomes a major problem--buyers can't get the goods they need to sell and sellers can't get their goods to buyers. That seems like it could be a compounding problem with major impact? When has the general public responded better to accuracy over emotions? We've been told for years and in ever greater detail that environment is dying and we won't do anything about it, but we see a video of a turtle suffering because it has a plastic straw stuck in its nose and it's a major legislative issue. Yeah, sorry, groceries were meant as an example. I tried to make that more explicit in my comment. To expand on your point, even if the vegetarian protien supply chains aren't directly affected by COVID the way that the meat supply chain is, if everyone who eats meat must abruptly switch to alternative protein sources, do we imagine that there is an overproduction of such protein sources such that it can absorb the demand without driving prices out of reach of the poor? What happens when everyone who eats meat switches to rice and beans? The price of rice and beans goes through the roof, and millions of people can no longer afford to eat rice and beans. What do they eat? Further, the food (and other inventory) piling up in warehouses is itself a major problem because it drives up storage costs beyond what those owning the inventory can pay, and those companies go bankrupt. We can sustain some bankruptcy in our supply chains, but at a certain point, it becomes unstable and it cascades. Everything is interconnected. If we shutter all meat production today, then we won't be able to scale production of plant-based alternatives before the meat in the supply chain runs out. This means the costs go up and the poor starve. Everything is interconnected; we shouldn't be so cavalier about condemning entire industries. Although I would suggest we shouldn't be so callous about sacrificing an entire industry (i.e., the families who are supported by work in that industry) even if that industry were magically insulated from the rest of the economy. The cereals in the supply chain today aren't going to be convertible into food for humans before the meat in the supply chain runs out. The meat supply chain is much shorter because it's much more expensive to keep meat fresh. Even if you don't care about the people who work in the meat industry and you think it's evil, surely shutting it down so abruptly (with the entailed food shortage risks) should be a last resort? Type inference systems generally have crumby error messages, and are harder to reason about all around. The best type inference systems are those that allow inference within a function definition, but the function signature requires explicit annotation. This keeps the inference local, which is easier for humans to read about. Good tooling can make either system easier to work with, but tooling is much less important in the type annotation case because the cost of adding annotations is trivial (contrary to your "torment" vocabulary) compared to reasoning about (non-local) type inference. In general, this reduces to the principle that concrete is easier to reason about than abstract. The type signature of an unannotated function in a type inference system is maximally abstract, while (especially in practice) the signatures for functions that are manually annotated are more concrete if not fully concrete. There are still problems in non-type-inferred systems with programmers who try to be egregiously abstract, but these are fewer and farther between. Maybe I'm misunderstanding, but I think the issue with dates is strictly different. Dates are hard not because time is fundamentally hard, but because there is lots of complexity in human representation of time (different places at different times have had similar but different representations of time). But that's not inherent to time. Ignoring relativity, if everyone throughout time used something like seconds since Unix epoch (or some similarly arbitrary point in time), then writing programs about time would be much simpler. I think the numerals and numbers issue is more complex because numerals are fundamentally hard to reason about. Even the question "what is a number?" is deceivingly deep. I think the problem is that people are often only taught base-10 so they confuse numerals with numbers. If you learn base 2 and then base 16 and then base pi, you start to realize that numbers are something more abstract than whichever numeral system we use to represent them. Rightly or wrongly, the way I imagine integers now is an infinite set of different numerals (base infinity?) such that there is only ever 1 digit (I don't actually have concrete pictorials assigned to those numerals). You say "no, dates are harder than that", but it sounds like you agree with me exactly based on the rest of your post. Time is hard because human representations of it are varied, complicated, and often arbitrary--not because there's anything fundamentally hard about the math of time (again, relativity notwithstanding). Contrast that with numbers which are inherently difficult to intuit about apart from issues of representation. Why are they completely unwarranted? I'm not an economist, so it's not obvious to me why printing money wouldn't lead create an inflation problem that is worse than the unemployment problem. I would be very interested to know the details that allow us to say such things so confidently. EDIT: Thanks to those who provided such insightful answers! Very helpful for a layperson like me. Who says pictorials have to be 2-dimensional? ;) Oof, I meant to write "numbers are fundamentally hard to reason about", not "numerals". Missed the edit window. The point I was trying to make is that numbers are very often fundamentally counterintuitive irrespective of notation. E.g., is the set of natural numbers larger than the set of decimal numbers? Or the other way around? Or equal? The complexities of time are almost exclusively inferring and converting between (often ambiguous) representations. Hey, I worked on the touchscreen at the end of the armrest. Internally at John Deere it was called GSix (6th generation). Built with Qt, WindRiver Linux, ran on a custom board (that 1"+ thick display is _just_ the monitor), resistive touch screen, speaks CAN/j1939/etc. One of the things it talked to was a buggy Bosch radio over a home-grown protocol that didn't actually expose the radio's state, so the display was forced to make educated guesses. This was a huge pain, especially WRT bluetooth pairing (at one point we had an error screen that told the user to just power cycle the radio because the display has already tried everything we could think of to get the radio back into a good state). The contractors for whom I originally took over apparently had a contract to write unit tests, probably for a certain amount of test coverage or something. There was a bunch of dead code buried that was only executed by the tests, apparently to bump up their unit test coverage. This was one of many such horrors. We ultimately told management that it was cheaper to rewrite the thing than it was to fix their backlog of "must have" bugfixes, and it was a huge success. Still didn't fix the radio issues, however. Ironically John Deere's experience was much better than many competitors, or at least it was for a very long time. Some competitors' cabs looked like the cockpit of a soviet era fighter jet, with everything controlled by a huge array of toggle switches. Never bought an RV, but $250K is not uncommon. You can also get tractors, combines, etc that cost multiples of that. I’m terribly sorry to hear that. Unfortunately I don’t work there any longer. I sincerely hope they get this issue resolved; this is awful. Nope, unfortunately it was not. :( > My understanding is that most evidence points to order of magnitude more lethal even when the hospitals aren't overflown. If those mortality estimates were based on the number of positive test cases, then they're very likely overblown. Recent seralogical studies indicate that the number of positive test results are likely a small fraction of the total number of cases, and likely the most severe subset at that. None of this is to say that it's less lethal than influenza, only that the situation is developing rapidly and any given mortality estimate may well be outdated. Seems like this would make serology tests a lot more useful. I would really like to know if I've had it so I can know how at-risk I am (and consequently the risk I pose to others). I'm terribly sorry for your losses. It's an awful disease, and loss of life is terrible. It is indeed concerning, but if we can understand whether these fatalities are due to high morbidity or "simply" because it is highly contagious, we can make better decisions about treating the disease, setting policy, etc which can all drive down the amount of suffering and death. That's perhaps a small consolation to those who have lost friends and family already. :'( Yes, sorry, I thought we were comparing IFR and not CFR. Another aspect no one seems to talk about is whether your deployment is monolithic or fragmented. It seems like a lot of the pain of managing microservices comes from designing a coherent CI/CD pipeline, how to share libraries between various microservices, etc. If you have a monorepo, good build tooling, and a good infrastructure as code tool, I think much of that pain goes away, but none of those things are easy and the precise selection and combination of tools depends a lot on your organization (I wouldn't recommend Bazel or Nix--build tools--to a small or medium-sized organization, for example). To reiterate the third/last sentence of my post, I'm explicitly not down-playing anything--I'm not asserting anything about covid WRT the flu, only cautioning against drawing conclusions based on potentially outdated information. We have decades of data about the flu--we pretty much understand its morbidity. We don't need to make guesses based on positive test results like we were doing with covid. Honestly, that sounds like the devops team didn't communicate well with the business when they pitched them microservices. The business can't reasonably know that moving to microservices entails a change in infrastructure and tooling--you have to build that into your high level estimates. Adding to the list of CDC failures was their utter failure to procure masks. You know, those things that would be absolutely vital for just about any epidemic or pandemic (never mind the respiratory variety that we knew would be the most likely). It’s not like preparing for an epidemic is the raisin d’etre for the CDC or anything. I’m normally not this snarky, but I too thought the CDC was the one functioning agency but it turns out that it’s closer to the opposite. And not only that, but their utter incompetence killed tens of thousands. Presumably there is some threshold at which debt (or the rate at which we acquire it, or one of the aforementioned adjusted for population) is a bad thing and unsustainable, right? This is a genuine question—macroeconomics is counterintuitive to me. The idea is that they should have been stockpiling them for decades. We’ve seen 3 major respiratory epidemics in the last few decades and we had a high degree of confidence that we were due for another. Masks were cheap for a very, very long time before the outbreak. Then make provisions to ramp up supply. Partner with private industry to secure the supply chain. This is cool, but looks like development has stalled. Last commit was Sept 2019. I feel like "Go has become the language of cloud infrastructure" is a bit of an inflammatory headline for this forum--I'm sure there are many cloud infrastructure components which aren't written in Go. The ones I think of tend to be AWS services that are written in Java or a handful of odds-and-ends things in Rust like AWS's Firecracker or some of CloudFlare's high performance networking systems. But especially in the open source world, there seems to be a lot of cloud infrastructure written in Go, and it seems to be accelerating. So in a sense I can understand saying "Go is the language of cloud infrastructure", but that framing seems unlikely to yield any interesting conversation. > What about ALL the other components NOT written in Go? Out of curiosity, which components are you thinking about? I'm not seeing that. It seems like there's lots of enthusiasm to use Rust, but that people can't justify choosing it over Go probably because Rust is quite a lot more tedious than Go and its strong performance and correctness guarantees aren't worth the tradeoff for very many applications. I'm hopeful that things like rust-analyzer will help close that gap, but I don't think it will ever completely close much less reverse. I write Go daily, and I don't think CSP really panned out. For most applications, I find it's much easier to use a mutex and standard threading tooling than channels/CSP. That might be an artifact of how channels are implemented and their many hidden error cases--perhaps a better channel implementation could change the calculus. There are lots of reasons to prefer Go to Rust IMO, but I don't think CSP is among them. And pretty much everything that Hashicorp has built since vagrant. This comment is transparently trying to incite a flame war, but I'll try to take it on a more productive tangent. > eg stop-the-world GC pauses, a longstanding issue that any experienced Java engineer could commiserate at length about This is a really interesting example, because it shows the lack of nuance in the anti-GC position. By your logic, because Java's 100ms GC pause times have been problematic (and yes, I'm aware that Java's upcoming GC will boast significantly improved pause times and that it's theoretically possible to tune a Java GC for low pause times even if no one has managed it in production) Go's 5us pause times will be equally problematic. Because a pause is a pause, right--why should we muddy the waters with considerations like "duration"? Single- or double-digit microsecond pause times completely change the conventional wisdom about the kinds of applications GC is suitable for. There are still lots of hard real time applications that Go's GC won't be suited for, but there are many soft real time applications for which Go would be fine (or at least the issues will be libraries or support for target architecture/platform and not GC). These tend to be applications with very high performance requirements, including Deno. It seems to me that the choice between Go and Rust is generally a matter of whether you value iteration velocity more than peak performance or correctness. Generally speaking, Go is one of the easiest languages to write with a simple text editor. Rust is among the hardest due to its complexity and demanding static analysis. This isn't a bad thing, and tools like rust-analyzer make writing Rust a lot easier. But rust-analyzer is amazing technology from the future; hardly an ordinary text editor plugin. > Go itself is probably the least software engineering friendly language out there My experience with software engineering went from "the language (type system, grammar, syntax, etc) is super important!" to "the language is one of the least important considerations in choosing a language". The more important features are tooling and ecosystem. I don't want to have to learn a new configuration language or imperative DSL just to add project dependencies or setup tests. I don't want to have to learn yet another documentation framework for generating documentation from code comments. I don't want to have to spend lots of time setting up CI/CD pipelines to build my source code and documentation packages and publish them to their respective repositories. I don't want to have to worry about whether my users or fellow developers have the right versions of dependencies or the runtime installed on their system. I don't want to have to make unmaintainable Dockerfiles because it's the only way to have performant builds in the happy path. I want to minimize time wasted during code review on comments about style or programming paradigms. Similarly I don't want to waste time waiting for code to compile. If the language is type safe in 95% of cases, that's good enough--people still make lots of money writing lots of 100% untyped JS and Python and Clojure and so on--the extra 5% would be nice to have but I'm not going to trade tooling, ecosystem, and developer velocity for it. Basically, as I become more experienced, I begin to understand the difference between programming and software engineering (my heart is in programming, but software engineering pays the bills). Go is a great language for software engineering, but most of its criticism seems to be directed at programming concerns. I think the point is that Go gets like a 90% score in most categories. You can get languages that score 100% in performance or testing or documentation, but they tend to trade off 60+% in several other important categories. Further, I contend that Go has excellent documentation primitives, notably that it doesn't have any sort of markup or documentation package management. I've never seen a better language in this regard. That has not been my experience with CSP via Go channels after 8 years of solid use (I still use channels here and there, but not in a CSP pattern). Different strokes, I suppose. Yeah. Not sure about BSD, but I was wading into building the GNU coreutils and other GNU packages just yesterday. Fresh hell, they all seem to be build dependencies of each other. ‘sed’ is its own build dependency. The whole C ecosystem is a joke with respect to builds—all dependencies are implicit; you’re just expected to have the exact dependencies installed on your system at the exact versions and in the exact locations on the filesystem that the build tooling is willing to look. Autotools and CMake are absolutely terrible; they make Python’s build ecosystem look sane and well-designed. So no, “security” isn’t the most compelling use case (for me, anyway), it’s moving past these dumpster fire build systems as quickly as possible so mere mortals can build their own software. Specifically, hasten the day where my entire application dependency tree doesn’t bottom out in some Autotools, CMake, shell script, project. Most scripts don’t depend on the POSIX standards anyway, they depend on GNU or BSD programs. CPython’s configure script, for example, blows up if the system grep is BSD and not GNU. The whole C build ecosystem is duct tape anyway and things rarely build without tons of manual effort (figure out what versions of which dependencies need to be installed to which locations in the file tree and then maybe things will build, but none of it will be documented and good luck reverse engineering those Autotools/CMake scripts!), so citing concerns about breaking things seems really disingenuous. Yeah, there are lots of good build systems for C (didn’t know about this one; will have a look; thanks for sharing), but the problem is that they have tiny adoption, especially among “core” ecosystem packages, like coreutils and friends. The problem isn’t technical, it’s political and cultural. This ecosystem is hostile toward its users for no discernible reason. If anyone knows of a distribution that aims to use only software with sane build systems, let me know, I would be very curious. Comparing coreutils to a self-hosting compiler is a strained analogy. Bootstrapping a compiler is about as hard as it gets; there’s no reason coreutils needs to depend on itself. > Considering the staggering number of languages out there that have implemented their own worse-version of make, or even those that haven't and the language-agnostic tooling systems that are implementing make instead... The language-specific build tools tend to be good, at least for mainstream languages introduced in the last 20 years. Certainly better than make. Bazel and especially Nix are really interesting and directionally correct, but like you mention, they are pains in the ass. Fortunately, their issues aren’t fundamental to the category of general purpose reproducible build tools. They’re just issues of execution. And arguably Nix isn’t even trying to be a build tool as much as a packaging tool (subtle but manifestly important difference), which is a damn shame. Yeah, Nix is really neat. It's the right direction for sure, but it's mostly used as a wrapper around autotools and cmake projects by third parties and not so much as a first-class build tool by the maintainers of C/C++ libs (this isn't going to change because Nix prefers to be "innovative" and unfamiliar in just about every design decision--its core approach to reproducible builds is right on, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired if you want to convince a community of developers to adopt it as a build tool). So anyone writing a Nix expression to package an autotools or cmake project (me, in this case) still has to deal with their nonsense. I don’t know man, I’ve written a lot of C and C++ and other languages and the sheer effort to get your average C project to compile is much greater than others. The dependencies aren’t listed anywhere, they are rarely compatible with the versions available via your package manager (so now you’re building more things from source), ./configure regularly runs into problems (“couldn’t guess which platform you were on”, “your version of grep is incompatible”, etc). It’s just a big mess of yak shaving. If you think I’m making too big a deal, I invite you to spend some time in the Go or Rust ecosystems where you just “cargo build” or “go build” and you’re done. You don’t need to understand anything about the project, there are no shitty DSLs to grok (looking at you, CMake). Things just work. > Nix is a package manager, not a build tool. It's never been in-scope for it to figure out how to invoke a particular compiler or linker. All it can do is make it easier for you to invoke another build tool, of which there are quite a few. I agree that Nix is focused on package management and not building, and that’s a bummer because Nix is perfectly capable technically. In particular, Nix can trivially invoke a compiler or linker; its issues are that it assumes that it will only be used by a relatively small number of package maintainers instead of a much larger number of developers, so it prefers to be novel and innovative instead of familiar and straightforward. This makes it really hard to get developers to buy in, but there’s no technical reason why it can’t be used as a build system. > I would not recommend the use of autotools in new projects, but in my experience CMake with Ninja is fine for distro maintainers to deal with — All other modern build tools I've seen are roughly the equivalent of it. If you find that it's hard to get over the hump with that, then I hate to say it but I don't think solutions will come easily elsewhere on any OS or platform. The state of things on free software operating systems is constantly improving but for now it's something you have to get used to. There are no silver bullets here. The silver bullets are getting away from the C ecosystem to the greatest extent possible, otherwise you will have to build way more autotools and CMake projects and this isn’t a good use of anyone’s time. As fun as C is, for most applications, we have better alternatives nowadays. They aren’t perfect, but they let you move a lot faster especially with respect to building software. It's not just propaganda. Many of us come from union backgrounds--either our parents, siblings, etc were blue collar workers or teachers or police. We've heard lots of stories of unions creating all kinds of nonsense inefficiencies and then when someone is being targeted by management, the union does little or nothing to protect them. My best friend taught in a low income school district, he was forced out because he wouldn't pass the basketball team when they wouldn't take tests or turn in homework; the union wouldn't protect him. My dad has a dozen such stories because he worked in factories since he left the family farm. This doesn't mean unions can't work or that things would be better without them or that we shouldn't trend toward more unionization; it only means that there are real problems with unions and it's hard to trust pro-union people when they won't even acknowledge as much. For me, I hear Europeans raving about their unions, so clearly unions can work, but if the pro-union side intends to get more political support, it needs to articulate what it is about American unions that aren't working very well and how they intend to address those issues. Chalking it up to "propaganda" comes off as patronizing and naive at best. I don’t understand your comment in the context of this thread. This comment seems like it could be insightful, but I'm a native English speaker and I can't make heads or tails of "Most jobs were make-work. Parking everyone up doesn't really matter.". There are lots of other languages that support full UTF-8 in identifiers (e.g, Go) and the non-English-speaking world doesn't take advantage. He didn't say "english letters", he said "english" which is a language. The implication is that we should use conventions (including potentially whole words) that are familiar to the English-literate world and not Greek glyphs. > The "english-literate" world (emphasis on literate) is, or historically has been, very familiar with Greek glyphs. I would be shocked if even 1% of native English speakers could list the full Greek alphabet much less have a comprehensive familiarity with what each letter means across all branches of mathematics. I would be shocked if even 5% of native English speakers could tell you what theta generally means in geometry, much less all its other meanings. > Except for "full alphabet", all of that applies to the English alphabet as much as it does for the Greek alphabet. Native English-speakers are very familiar with the "English alphabet" but that's irrelevant because we're comparing English words (or phrases) with Greek symbols. > But both of you seem to disagree on what "literate", "very familiar" and "historically" really mean. Perhaps, but I'm using standard meanings available from any English dictionary. > Which is fine, language is not made to be precise - luckily we can use precise symbols where precise meaning matters, not English phrases. For example in math and physics. You can assign precise meaning to words or phrases as easily as you can to Greek symbols. The two approaches differ in that it's easier for (at least English-speaking) humans to remember words or phrases that relate to or approximate the precise meaning than a random Greek letter (I'm sure someone will demand evidence, but this is hardly an extraordinary claim compared to its inverse) while letters (Greek or otherwise) are more expedient to write by hand. I've done a similar thing when I was writing a language (with generics) that compiled to Go and needed to implement name mangling. But in any case, this isn't an example of a non-native speaker using utf-8 to write in his native language. :) Unfortunately this approach precludes GIL languages like Python. If you're able to use a language/runtime that is amenable to multithreading, then using a thread per connection works fine for most use cases (and it's probably easier than using whatever async/await interface your language has). If you’re just handling requests there isn’t much for shared state, so you don’t have to worry about synchronization. Yes, but I was responding to the article which was describing alternative patterns besides wsgi. Right, there is some shared state, but it’s very minimal. Are there any resources for determining which US politicians support environmentalism (specifically meaningful, evidence-based policies as opposed to vapid virtue signalling) and/or where the "battleground" states are? I guess in general I'm looking to get involved more in climate politics, but I don't know where to start. With very few exceptions, any affordances technology brings are consumed by humanity's insatiable appetite before they can benefit the environment. If technology figures out how to make $X more energy efficient, we just run more $Xs such that the (trajectory of) energy consumption is constant. > Intelligence is just a form of fitness It's not _just_ a form of fitness--intelligence makes us aware of the trajectory that we are on; we know what will happen, and (I know this sounds crazy but hear me out) we could do something about it if we wanted to. So intelligence is important, but it doesn't make up for our utter indifference and willful ignorance. I'm not really sure how to break down "evidence-based" any more for you. It's pretty self-explanatory. Virtue signalling refers to actions that indicate you care about a topic (the environment in this case) but without any real commitment to the cause. For example, politicians who want to appear to care for the environment might promote a ban on plastic straws because it generates lots of good publicity, is only most mildly inconvenient, and is transparently negligible with respect to saving the planet ("better than nothing" unless one accounts for the squandered political will). This is really interesting; I wasn't aware. That said, "per capita" is the wrong metric since we're discussing humanity in aggregate. I might still be wrong about energy in general, however. In any case, I think the broader principle holds. > Yet unfair policing also drives racism, because it tends to perpetuate among white society an image of minority communities as hotbeds of chaos barely kept in check by a "thin blue wall". This makes it sound as though the relative prevalence of (especially violent) crime in American minority communities as compared to white communities exists only in the white imagination. Like it's some really simple problem but for those dastardly racist whites. I'm sure that's not what you mean (it's certainly an uncharitable interpretation), so I want to disambiguate. Of course it's much more complicated than that--there's a lot of variety in violent crime levels across different racial and ethnic communities. There are a lot of (both racist and non-racist) theories for explaining this (genes, variations in socioeconomic status, etc), but it's not just a figment of the white imagination. One such popular and generally credible theory (or rather, set of theories) suggest that the American policing model indirectly causes violent crime in minority communities. This is probably what you're suggesting (or if your post is a motte and bailey argument, then this theory is the motte). It's a genuinely interesting line of inquiry, so we should talk about it plainly and dispense with the ambiguous language suggestive of some racist plot (and for those who do favor "racist plot" theories, then I would rather we talk about those unambiguously as well). > And the next generation checker is based on datalog... Where can I learn more about this? There certainly have been various racist plots and of course they have left an awful legacy, but we're trying to explain the what perpetuates the ongoing cycle of violence. Thus it's important to be clear about whether you're espousing a theory of some ongoing racist plot or an emergent property of (for example) our policing strategy. In general, US race debates would be a lot more productive if we were clearer about whether we are talking about a historical injustice or an ongoing injustice--even otherwise good communicators fail to articulate clearly here, and it gives the vibe that they're afraid that their position, articulated clearly, can't stand on its own. I don't think they have as much to fear as they seem to do, and as long as these debates are floundering in ambiguity these real social problems will persist. Thank you! I'll dig into this. This sounds like exactly the thing I've been looking for! You misunderstood my comment. The "theory" refers to an explanation for what is perpetuating disparities in violence across racial communities, not whether or not certain injustices have happened or continue to happen. (hence, "There are a lot of (both racist and non-racist) theories for explaining this" ) > That obviously has something to do with the fact that a lot of folks living in "American minority communities" can't call the cops for help, eh? I don’t know. Seems plausible, as do many other theories such as the high incarceration rates of adult males leads a leadership/fatherhood void, lack of career opportunities, ratio of negative to positive role models, the types of behaviors that are glorified, etc. I would be terribly surprised if it came down to a single trite explanation (such as yours) as opposed to a complex interplay of all of the above and many more. Social scientists don’t even profess to understand, but you seem very confident, so please, take the floor. It's interesting the things that people think are essential and the things they are willing to put up with. I'm willing to put up with writing my own sort.Interface, adding in a few lines of boilerplate for error handling, loops, and the odd linked-list/btree/etc. I'm not willing to script my own build system in an imperative DSL or deal with dependency hell a la Java, Python, C/C++, etc. I'm willing but very reluctant to use a language that requires me to write a bunch of scripts to automate publishing source code and documentation packages. I'm willing but very reluctant to use a language with minutes-long build times. I'm willing but very reluctant to use a language that where most packages are poorly documented, lacking even basic type information (looking at you, Python and JS). I'm willing but very reluctant to use a language in which the ecosystem is an absolute mess due to the pervasive use of inheritance. I'm unwilling to use a language that simply can't be optimized (and "just write it in C" or "just use multiprocessing" are only applicable to a narrow range of bottlenecks--good luck processing a large Python data structure, for example). This isn't Go fanboyism; I've worked with lots of languages in my career, and I still get really excited and try new languages all the time, but they all tend to optimize for nice-to-have things (such as a type system that can handle those 1-5% of use cases where Go would have you drop to interface{}) in exchange for essential things like sane tooling. Rust stands alone as a possible exception, but only since it shipped non-lexical lifetimes, rust-analyzer, and a long tail of other improvements that have recently brought its usability down into a range that is acceptable for general application development. > Here they're talking about ... computation rather than data. The lisp people would like a word... In seriousness, computation is data, and this is perhaps especially obvious in a CI context where your “computation” is increasingly bash scripts in some string field inside of a YAML file. Whoa. I wasn't trying to be snarky; if anything it was intended to be a humorous jab at how "computation is data" is such a thing in the lisp community. I agree that your example illustrates the "computation is data" concept; I was just reconciling that with the apparent contradiction ("computation rather than data") earlier in your post. I wasn't trying to call "gotcha" on you or anything; sometimes I say things that are unclear and I appreciate it when others help me clarify. People scoff about "GitHub as a package manager", but it hasn't chafed me much. Moreover, the scoffing isn't very substantial--it's often some variation of "but GitHub goes down all the time?! You will never be able to build/distribute your software!", which is trivially refuted (the GitHub UI goes down all the time, but its git service going down is much rarer; you can use a caching proxy if you're really concerned about reliability of the git service just like you would with a more typical package repo; GitHub isn't necessary to distribute Go applications unlike Pypi/NPM/etc for Python/JS apps). There are probably lots of good reasons for why the GitHub model is inadequate, but for whatever reason these aren't brought up in the aforementioned scoffing and I haven't stumbled on them (e.g., I don't have any private repo dependencies for my projects, but perhaps it would be a PITA for those who do?). I'm pretty firmly in the "shared memory parallelism is a Good Thing" camp, but the counter argument to your point is that having a larger set of concurrency abstractions is a Bad Thing in that any particular piece of code has to consider all of the different permutations. In a shared-nothing world, there's a lot less to worry about (except occasionally performance). What does this comment even mean? I can’t make heads or tails of it. > It’s already suspicious by virtue of having a hand-wavy "Int" type (what size/signedness is that?) This is a silly criticism. The language is brand new; they haven't gotten around to ironing out low-risk minutia like naming numeric types. Anyway, "Int" can still be well-specified even if the name doesn't indicate size (the signedness is just as clear as with Rust and C++). > it appears to be object-oriented (so we have to rely on compiler optimisations to remove dynamic dispatch) Not a fan of OOP or C++, but implicit dynamic dispatch isn't a property of OOP as C++ demonstrates. And to that end, Bosque seems to copy C++ in this regard, or at least the code snippets show methods annotated with "virtual". > it's a garbage collected, OO language, not really appropriate for low level / systems level programming I'm of the impression that Swift is reference counted, which, while technically a kind of GC, is also appropriate for low level / systems programming (which isn't to say that Swift is a good language for low level / systems programming; only that its memory management isn't the disqualifying factor). Presumably LLVM closes the gap significantly? I was keeping tabs on the Python plugin for a couple of years (but stopped checking in about a year ago) and Python3 was advertised as "supported" the whole time, but no one was able to get it working. There were a number of open issues, none with any action on them. And while Nix has an insane learning curve, figuring out how to extend Bazel (and consequently build one's own Python plugin) was a nightmare. The documentation was unhelpful/incomplete and the codebase was incomprehensible and poorly organized, with inheritance sprinkled on everything for its own sake (which is to say, par for the course for Java apps). I know... "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth! / Don't complain about open source software!" Fair enough, but I don't have to use it, and I'm free to caution others not to as well. I'm not sure what you mean by "a meta build system" vs "a primary build system", but for many years Nix was what our company used to build and package our software. Unfortunately, it was a very bad experience; Nix doesn't strive to be a build system, it strives to be a package manager. The learning curve for writing packages is too steep to expect every engineer to learn it, and when things broke it was often hours and hours debugging into some obscure C library way down the dependency tree that no one in your organization has ever heard of. Worse, very little is documented well or accurately. Trying to figure out, for example, how Nix's python packaging libraries work is frustrating--partly because there is no obvious way to find the defining file for a given package dependency and partly because the package definitions in nixpkgs are rarely documented. These are all tractable problems, but Nix doesn't (seem to) aspire to solve them. This would have been a more interesting article if they had people from the evo psych camp respond to the claims. It seems like Gizmodo wanted to do a "Boom!" takedown of evo psyche ("We at Gizmodo have long rolled our eyes at evolutionary psychology..."). Anyway, the philosopher purports to address a fundamental flaw in the evo psyche framework/theory, but she seems to be simply taking issue with methodological issues: she alleges that evo psyche draws broad conclusions about all of humanity by interviewing a few college students--effectively she seems to allege that the field lacks rigor (which is odd because she also disclaims that individual evo psychologists are serious thinkers). If her characterization is accurate, this is indeed a real problem, but it's not a flaw in the framework and it hardly feels deserving of the sensational headline or the disparaging, condescending tone of the article (to be clear, only the Gizmodo editorializing comes off as condescending/disparaging; the philosopher is quite a lot more polite/reasonable). These conversations aren't helped by the fact that OOP isn't well-defined, and observations about 'typical' OOP--the banana that has a reference to the gorilla and transitively the entire jungle, or the pervasive abuse of inheritance--are "aren't really OOP and you can write bad code in any paradigm!" even though other paradigms (for whatever reason) don't share these issues at nearly the scale as OOP. Inheritance and god objects were certainly how OOP was taught at universities and in the predominate literature when I was in school circa 2010. And if these (mis)features aren't part of the definition of OOP, then what distinguishes it from functional and/or data oriented paradigms? Encapsulation? Seems like FP has encapsulation and DO is orthogonal. Certainly localization of state is common to both FP and DO--it's not an OOP innovation. If OOP is so abstract as to be indistinguishable from other paradigms, then what value does it add? > But who is actually pushing this story? Gizmodo is all about clicks and 'engagement'. Are they, really, trying to champion, or ridicule, this research, do they even care? I'm not really sure, but it smells fishy. What are lay people supposed to make of this article? We aren't qualified to evaluate the philosopher's critique and there is no counterpoint presented. Why should we trust her position over the other, presumably larger group of experts? Gizmodo was pretty transparent about its own biases in the first couple of paragraphs. Seems like this article could be reduced to the headline, "Publication finds expert to reinforce its own priors". This is certainly a valid perspective, and I feel the same way about many fields and I might also feel that way about this field if I were better acquainted. If that's her position, it wasn't presented very clearly--I certainly thought she was talking about addressing a fundamental issue with the theory/framework, both because of her own words ("I wanted to carefully try to articulate what seems to be a fatal problem with the framework and to put it out there.") and because of Gizmodo's editorializing. If your interpretation were correct, it would have been far more clear if the article would have stated up front that the philosopher believes there are remediable issues of methodology and rigor in the field as evidenced by X, Y, and Z; here's why you should care, and here's what can be done. Instead, it seems too try to conflate (not even well-supported) claims of lacking rigor with fundamental problems, or at least that's my perception. I think you and I must be part of different bubbles, because I haven't heard anyone advocating for moving away from OOP toward procedural code. Looking at new languages which are proudly not OO (e.g., Go, Rust, etc), none appear to be advertising that you can write code that looks like 60s/70s procedural code--or at least not in the "pervasive global state" sense that you originally attributed to it. Instead, those languages tend to have first class functions and discourage global state. In general, "OO design", which is to say if you're writing a BookStore application, there are no Book types with "sell()" methods that imply that book instances must have a reference to the payment service and everything else in the application in addition to their plain-old-data fields (note that this is another phrasing of the banana/gorilla/jungle quip). Inheritance and OO design are the distinguishing features of OOP in my mind; if you don't have these, then OOP is indistinguishable from FP or DOP. If Go is OOP, then which languages aren't, and why? That’s pretty much my point. If you strip this away, what is left to distinguish it from other paradigms? Inheritance? The whole GObject ecosystem is hacky object oriented C, to provide another suite of examples. I’m pretty convinced that it’s bad design, but many OOP practitioners (including textbooks and thought leaders for a good while) disagree. And even if you agree that all of these facets of bad design (including inheritance hierarchies) are Not True OO, then what is left that distinguishes object- from data-oriented design? What value does “OO” add to our lexicon? > How do we go about proving or rejecting your ostensible claim that this how OOP programmers say it should be done? Off the top of my head you could survey the landscape of OOP books, blog posts, and code bases throughout history. But it doesn’t really matter—even if you don’t believe me and all OOP programmers believe these are design flaws, then my question remains: what distinguishes “good OO design” from data oriented design? If no one does this taxonomic structuring or god object design, then what distinguishes good OOP from data oriented programming? Also, taxonomic design was popular in code and in pedagogy (in Java, C#, and C++ anyway) when I was in school circa 2010. Yeah, I delved into it when I was working with C, but by that time I had no interest in reproducing inheritance but only interfaces. Unikernels could also be the next phase of cloud orchestration technologies. They would be truly lightweight VMs, and obviate the need for containers (collapse the VM orchestration and container orchestration layers into a single orchestration layer). This would offer better security and better performance without impacting developer/operator friendliness. And a side note about improved performance, in the cloud space, being able to boot in ten ms means you can start a VM in the scope of a single request, which means you can scale up dynamically without keeping a bunch of VMs running idle in the background just in case your traffic spikes. This is real, significant cost savings for cloud providers and customers. Probably best to use a memory safe language so you don’t have bad pointer accesses and generally minimize debugging significantly. Challenge accepted https://play.golang.org/p/iTwreChPZH8 ᕕ(¬ ͜ ¬)ᕗ You can compile your debugging utilities into a unikernel for prod or debug builds (or not at all) depending on your development preferences, performance requirements, and security requirements. > but we do need a way to extend objects we don't control without breaking encapsulation. By definition, you can't extend objects you don't control without violating encapsulation. Encapsulation is all about controlling access so that the owner of a class can make changes without breaking downstream code. If downstream code accesses these private APIs, the downstream code may break, regardless of whether the access was via inheritance or composition (as a side note, "protected" makes no sense--who cares if downstream code breaks because it was accessed by inheritance but not by composition?). > As an example if you had a method that outputs XML and you want JSON, you can use an adapter object to call it, read the string, and reformat and pass it through. That works (and I've done things just as bad or worse many times from necessity), but it's definitely more hackish and less efficient than a solution that uses object fields to output JSON natively. Inheritance is my familiar way to do this in cases where I don't control the code (in which case injecting a Writer class of some sort probably makes more sense). You can do this just as easily without inheritance. You just need a way to access the member fields--whether you access them via inheritance or otherwise doesn't really matter. E.g., class Foo: def __init__(self, x: int, y: int) -> None: self.x = x self.y = y def xml(self) -> str: return f" " # Via inheritance class JSONFoo(Foo): def json(self) -> str: return json.dumps({"x": self.x, "y": self.y}) # Via composition class JSONFoo: def __init__(self, foo: Foo) -> None: self.foo = foo def xml(self) -> str: return self.foo.xml() def json(self) -> str: return json.dumps({"x": self.foo.x, "y": self.foo.y}) # Simple def json_foo(foo: Foo) -> str: return json.dumps({"x": foo.x, "y": foo.y}) > I'm not familiar with Go but apparently it has "embedding" which is a little different. Maybe that works. But it's largely playing the same role - a way to extend a class you might not control. Go's embedding is exactly composition. It doesn't let you access private member data of the embedded class. It's just syntax sugar for delegation. In other words, you could create the composition version of the JSONFoo class like this: type Foo struct { X: int; Y: int } func (f *Foo) XML() string { return fmt.Sprintf(" ", f.X, f.Y) } // The compiler will automatically generate this method: // // func (jf *JSONFoo) XML() string { return jf.Foo.XML() } // // And for a given instance of JSONFoo, the compiler will convert all instances // of jsonFooInstance.X to jsonFooInstance.Foo.X. type JSONFoo struct {Foo} func (jf *JSONFoo) JSON() string { return fmt.Sprintf(`{"x": %d, "y": %d}`, jf.X, jf.Y) } Note that a `JSONFoo` isn't a `Foo`. This is an error: func printXML(foo *Foo) { fmt.Println(foo.XML()) } func main() { jsonFooInstance := JSONFoo{0, 0} // printXML(jsonFooInstance) // error printXML(jsonFooInstance.Foo) // correct! } Yeah, webassembly workers is an exciting idea as well. Unikernels is similar, but it removes a couple of layers of abstraction (another way to cut layers would be to implement a low-level hypervisor that runs WASM). As for lambda not driving EC2 to extinction, these are different technologies for different use cases, and lambda is a relatively new technology—it takes a long time for big companies to change their ways, and it rarely makes sense to port a stable, legacy EC2 code base to functions. There are still plenty of mainframes kicking around for the same reasons. Blue Planet I and II are top quality. At least for the second one, they talked about how they invented new camera equipment and imaging techniques. Amazing work! As I read it, "this" refers to "a monopoly on communication/speech", not "a monopoly [of any kind]". > And why both parents need to take it I think this is key to addressing discrimination (simply making discrimination illegal is insufficient because discrimination is so difficult to prove); however, getting both genders to take it in roughly equal proportion is probably nearly as difficult, at least apart from mandatory leave, which would be authoritarian and awful. EDIT: Genuinely curious: why the downvotes? Do people not believe that taking leave in equal proportions is necessary to combat discrimination? Or do they think that it is easy to make people do this ethically? Surely no one thinks we should force people to take leave against their will? I'm all for paid paternity leave, but I've also heard that it does relatively little because men are much less likely to use it, and when they use it they use less of it. I think about this a lot too because my family could live off of my income alone. We might move to this at some point, but for now my wife prefers to work. That said, I'm genuinely curious if "single income households" were ever a norm, or if it was only a norm for the upper class (or perhaps for the middle class for a very short time, such as for a few decades in the 20th century). I wasn't aware of this, but I still don't think this is a compelling analogy. I doubt that these companies were able to efficiently parse the content of these messages in order to manipulate the distributions of certain messages, for example. Further, there's simply no way that post had nearly the same share of communication as do digital systems today (most communication was certainly by word of mouth and print). Sounds like OO to you is all about encapsulation. I think that's fine, but lots of paradigms support encapsulation. It's absolutely pervasive in FP and DO programs, for example (even C supports opaque pointers). Do we say any language with encapsulation is also object-oriented? Or is OO encapsulation + inheritance? One problem is that the OOP community seems split about whether or not inheritance is a defining feature of OOP. And since encapsulation isn't a defining feature, surely it's inheritance. Unfortunately, there's no clear consensus, so OO as a term is not very useful. > The philosophical difference with OO might be that OO uses the compiler to enforce that data is only accessed in approved ways. This is a logical extension of static typing. (Of course, for non-static-typed OO languages, it doesn't happen that way. They enforce it at runtime.) This is an interesting distinction; ironically C compilers support encapsulation via opaque pointers while Python doesn't enforce encapsulation even at runtime (it's all based on convention--"consenting adults" and all that). > I didn't say that inheritance hierarchies are bad. They're great... if you've got entities that are actually in a hierarchy. I think there are cases where inheritance doesn't overtly bite you, but I've never seen a case where inheritance is actually cleaner than composition (with the exception that in many languages, inheritance is the only way to automatically delegate--they lack something like Go's struct embedding). Specifically in your Statement example, you could have gotten your polymorphism from a Statement interface instead of a base class. Inheritance seems like just a particular subset of composition and polymorphism--there are cases for which it is appropriate, but why does it need to exist at all when you can get the same benefits from composing the constituent components (components being polymorphism and composition via interfaces/first-class-functions and object-/functional-composition, respectively)? It feels like having an add4() function--it's not always bad (sometimes you really need to add 4 to another number), but the more general 2-argument add() function works just as well in the cases where add4() doesn't overtly bite you, and it's much less likely to be abused. No doubt, but I suspect that the mid 20th century is a historical anomaly. I'm also surprised that only 60% of women work for pay at present. I want people to be free to make the tradeoffs that they prefer. If someone wants to choose family over work, they should be free to do so (that doesn't mean that they should get the same rewards as the person who prioritizes work over family). Similarly, those who prioritize family over work should be free to do so. It is an awful injustice to restrict someone's individual freedoms on the basis of their gender (and no, it's no consolation that it's in service of some arbitrary desire to prevent differences in distributions for some trait between the genders). Not much of a problem in theory; just include the relevant library. Unfortunately, it's not only you who must be disciplined, but all of your colleagues/collaborators and to a lesser extent the authors of any libraries you happen to depend upon (or will depend upon). Which is a shame, because writing C++ can be a whole lot of fun, but the aforementioned invariants rarely hold. I don’t understand. Optional parental leave would allow both parents to take work off. We’re debating whether or not parents (specifically fathers) should be forced against their will to take time off in order to satisfy an arbitrary desire to unify the distributions of work experience between men and women. In this debate, there is no dichotomy between freedom and justice; taking away one’s individual rights in the basis of gender is injustice—it’s neither freedom nor justice. Neovim is getting good traction in the vim space. It turns out that developers are also annoyed by these issues on legacy platforms and are motivated to support the new system. > In this post I hope to show that while the interpreter adds overhead, it is not the dominant factor for even a small microbenchmark. Instead we'll see that dynamic features -- particularly, features inside the runtime -- are to blame. I'm probably uneducated here, but I don't understand the distinction between the runtime and the interpreter for an interpreted language? Isn't the interpreter the same as the runtime? What are the distinct responsibilities of the interpreter and the runtime? Is the interpreter just the C program that runs the loop while the runtime is the libpython stuff (or whatever it's called)? I understand the notion of a "runtime" in the compiled language case; my question is about the distinction between an interpreter and a runtime in the interpreted language case. Perhaps out of naivety, I would think that the interpreter is the runtime--the interpreter manages the call stack, memory, etc. I'm not that familiar with the details. My understanding is that neovim at least mostly supports the vim language, but also offers other APIs (not clear about whether these APIs are extensions of the VIM language or altogether different) that allow developers to work around common VIM issues. My crude impression is that developers actively prefer to interface with the new APIs, and many packages aren't even backwards compatible with VIM. So is there anything besides the GC which satisfies this definition of "runtime"? What other asynchronous activities are going on apart from those of the Python program itself? This made me chuckle. I think it's broader than C# -> F# though. Java also has closures and higher-order functions, and in many debates on this forum it seems like OOP proponents aren't aware that these features are grafts from functional programming. OOP programmers also seem to have (finally) come around to the consensus that composition is preferable to inheritance. So if there is a long con, I think it is about turning OOP programmers into ML or functional programmers. :p I don't endorse the parent's perspective, but he was very clear that he wasn't saying it was impossible to build serious backend services, only that you will run into problems that you wouldn't with statically typed languages. Python is strongly typed. I fully believe that Elixir lacks the same problems, but not because of strong vs weak. If I had to guess, I would put think that it's because Python code is more likely to be mutable than Elixir, but that's just a guess. Go has a similar feature, and while I don't know that I would say it's especially controversial or frowned upon, it's good form to only use it sparingly if at all. I still wouldn't say that it is anywhere near as fragile as inheritance; however--I think inheritance's fragility comes from its polymorphism (not sure about Kotlin, but in Go, the wrapper class/struct can't be passed into a function that expects the component's type). Yeah, there is a giant repo of package definitions at https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs . Those definitions tell nix how to build everything from the ground up. This is because Nix needs to express a lot more so builds are reproducible and incremental. Docker doesn’t care about these things. > the DockerFiles themselves can also describe a reproducible process This is true, but Docker does almost nothing to support reproducibility. As soon as you do an apt-get, reproducibility goes out the window. > they are certainly "incremental" due to caching Caching is layer-based. Docker has no awareness of whether or not a particular dependency has changed or what is necessary to rebuild it. Docker only understands layers, which are inherently linear--you can only try in vain to force your dependency graph into that linear layer structure. An incremental build tool only rebuilds things that have changed (or whose dependencies have changed). > Does nix power merit such a big compromise against simplicity and readability? This is a good question. First of all, understand that Nix isn't intended to be a build tool, it's a package toolkit. It's intended to replace all of the stuff that the debian and centos people use to build and manage packages in apt and yum repos. That said, I personally think Docker's build system is sooooo bad that under many circumstances, Nix does a better job. For example, if your whole repo is Go or Rust or some other language with a sane build and deployment story, then they already have incremental, reproducible build tools and it's fine for Docker to call into them (or to invoke them outside of Docker and just have Docker copy in the static artifact). But if you have a heterogeneous tree including C or Python or other languages which lack sane build tooling, then you need something to stitch all of that together in some (somewhat) reproducible, incremental fashion if you hope to be able to build reliably and in some timely fashion. That said, there are a few other tools that are purpose-built for this problem; however, they all tend to be poorly designed, buggy, and hard to extend. I'm thinking of Bazel, Pants, Buck, etc--all of which are clones of Google's internal build system, Blaze. So far, Nix seems to be the best in class, even though it doesn't aspire to be in the class at all. Sounds like they were building everything from scratch, for some reason. Nix guarantees reproducibility, which means anything can be rebuilt from scratch, but that's a very abnormal use case. If it didn't work out of the box, it's a problem with the package scripts (the "derivations"). That said, all of our software tends to bottom out in a bunch of shitty C libraries that are all delicately cobbled together with autotools and cmake, so anything that aspires to reproduce these things is going to have issues. This tends to make Nix difficult to use, because it doesn't have nearly the same investment/manpower (yet) as other package ecosystems that is necessary to wrangle these dependencies into a stable foundation that doesn't leak its underlying havoc to higher levels of the stack. For a long time, Python3 support was advertised and there were lots of Python3 flags, but it was patently broken and there were many tickets that acknowledged as much. Allegedly that has changed now, but my experience was so bad I ran from it. Nix doesn't pay any attention to the rest of your system. It keeps everything it needs (including its own Python interpreter) in its own "nix store" directory, at /nix/store. You can crudely think of it as having its own virtualenv for every distinct Python target you use. It's worth noting that the bugs aren't evenly distributed across language plugins. Bazel might be solid if you're writing Java or something. It's hard to understate how much of a difference rust-analyzer makes. Rust is a complex language, and the compiler is very pedantic. This makes it very hard for beginners--even with lots of systems experience--to scan lengthy compiler error messages, to locate the relative line that it is complaining about (necessary for context), and to try to make sense of the error (Rust error messages are very good, but good messaging can only get you so far with respect to difficult concepts like lifetimes). This feedback loop is on the order of minutes, and it only starts when the user invokes `cargo build` or similar. Rust-analyzer dramatically shortens this feedback loop by _immediately_ highlighting errors: fewer changes since the last known good state, and it visually points you to the errant expression. For me, this (coupled with non-lexical lifetimes and error handling improvements) made the difference between "I can't justify using Rust because I can't be sufficiently productive" and "the productivity hit is sufficiently small that it makes good sense to use Rust for some of the applications I write, especially factoring in its rate of improvement". > If it builds once Nix, it will build again with Nix... That's the aspiration, but it doesn't always pan out. The rate at which you run into problems depends a lot on the packages you use, how much attention is given to them, and how hard it is to reproducibly package them. I've noticed in particular that the Python ecosystem is really fragile. > Do you have a specific example in mind that is less hand-wavy? A specific example that comes to mind was the psycopg2 Python package, which would build on some developers' machines but not on others. This sort of thing happens all the time, usually on macOS, and usually with C packages (sadly, so much of the Python ecosystem is built on C and its shoddy build tooling). I've also found quite a few packages in nixpkgs that simply don't build on macOS, but which presumably build on Linux; however, I forget which ones specifically. This is false, and we know it's false because in every country with optional maternity leave, more than 50% of women take their leave. Even in the US which lacks legal requirements for employers to offer paid maternity leave, over 70% of women took maternity leave--presumably the remaining 30% is largely a subset of the 33% of women who were not offered paid maternity leave. That you know people who were pressured into foregoing their leave is anecdotal. [0]: https://mchb.hrsa.gov/whusa11/hstat/hsrmh/downloads/pdf/233m... Mine as well. I haven’t kept in touch recently, but for a long time NY alone was responsible for 50% of the total cases and deaths, presumably overwhelmingly driven by the NYC metro. If you ignore that outlier, is the US in dramatically worse shape than other countries? How bad is the spread in rural America? I’m from a town that was profiled by CNN and others for having an outbreak in a meat plant. Things seem quite a lot better there than in the larger city where I now live. The impact outside of the meat plant seems minimal. Not sure how it is elsewhere, but my feeling is that the meat packing plant issue overblown. In most cases it doesn’t make economic sense to implement graceful failure. OOMs are rare (unless you are a Java programmer). I've noticed a very general principle here. Things which are 'before their time' obviously tend to fail, but the interesting bit IMO is that 'before their time' often means "the problem isn't yet constrained such that the efficiencies afforded by the design are economically significant". I think this explains why so much software (my branch of engineering) is miserably inefficient and bug-ridden despite the fact that we have technology to improve efficiency and quality by several orders of magnitude (at a relatively modest cost)--the economic context simply doesn't place a very high value on efficiency and quality, presumably because the market is comparing software against the many, many orders of magnitude worse performance afforded by humans. Perhaps all of this is obvious to many others; it's interesting and novel to me, anyway. > If you divide that in half (according to your logic) there would still be 800,000 cases in the rest of the U.S. That's still roughly the same amount of cases in the next 3 countries COMBINED. Forgive me if I'm mistaken, but don't you need to adjust for population in order to make a meaningful comparison? > I cannot believe that everyone is ethicality challenged, only perhaps the people in control. Seems likely that social media as an industry selects more strongly for unethical executives, presumably because online advertising is the only effective way to monetize social media and it is more or less fundamentally unethical. I imagine the same effect can be observed among tobacco and fossil energy executives--these are industries where there is no ethical monetization strategy, at least not one that is in the same competitive ballpark as the unethical strategy. > Online advertising as a concept is fundamentally unethical? No, I meant "online advertising as an industry". It's unethical to the extent that it depends on stealing user data, which presumably is the overwhelming majority of the industry by value (i.e., I'm assuming your privacy-respecting bike saddles ads don't account for even 1% of the industry's value). > More so than the fossil fuel industry? Big tobacco? I already addressed this in my second sentence: > I imagine the same effect can be observed among tobacco and fossil energy executives No, that wasn't meant to be an exhaustive list of unethical industries. Not sure why this is downvoted. Java, C#, and Python all tend to have slow CLIs. This is very much in-line with my experience. Even if the VMs do start up quickly, people tend to do a lot of expensive initialization, class loading, etc before the program starts. Go’s runtime is minimal by comparison and there is much less work done at initialization (by convention) than in Python, Java, etc. "Slow" isn't a typically big deal for CLI apps, but Python culture tends to do a lot of work on initialization, and I've consequently seen a lot of Python CLIs that take nearly 10 seconds to print --help. Because the way most apps and libraries are written, you end up loading and initializing every single library that any part of your CLI uses, even if the subcommand in question doesn't use those libraries (e.g., printing --help). This is solvable via lazy imports, but few go through the hassle of doing this, especially since it makes the code ugly and non-idiomatic. Zipapps are an order of magnitude improvement in the Python world, but there are still lots of other major pain points like dependency management and performance which still leaves Python several orders of magnitude behind its competition. Hopefully these things change going forward. > So if one day RustPython gets compatible enought with CPython that you can use it as a drop in replacement I don't think this will ever happen unless the community converges on a standard C-extension interface. Presently Python leans so hard on C-extensions, but there is no standard interface--if you're writing a C-extension library, you just depend on whatever obscure corner of CPython that suits your purpose. If you're writing an alternative Python interpreter, you have to implement the entire surface area of CPython, which generally means you must implement CPython exactly and you are severely restricted on the improvements you can make. At that point, why even bother? Fortunately, I think there are emerging candidate interfaces, but the community needs to either update C-extension packages to use those interfaces or support packages (and maintainers) who already do. https://github.com/pyhandle/hpy . In other languages it's a problem for neither, which I think is the parent's point. I'm not sure. I would certainly add psycopg2 to that list, since it's really the only well-supported way to speak to a Postgres database via Python. I imagine other database dialects will have similar issues. And there's probably a whole host of other prominent libraries that we're just not thinking about because we only run into them when we're trying to use something like Pypy, and even then we only run into one or two at a time before giving up and going back to CPython. I think this is true in general. There are very few "always right" ideas in software development--virtually every choice is a function of a broader economic context. For example, if you work for a startup and you need to determine market fit quickly, it's more important to move fast than to have very high degrees of quality (although below a certain threshold, low quality impedes velocity) or performance. Economic context affects virtually everything, and the difference between good and great software engineers is the ability to understand economic context (and changes in economic context) and the technology/process ramifications. Isn’t this all just different approaches to currying? It’s often convenient to have some function that you can call without passing the same subset of parameters to each invocation. Whether to curry depends on how much repetition is involved and how “expensive” it is for the programmer to curry. In the case of “curry by creating a whole named class”, the expense is relatively large, while a functional currying approach is much cheaper. If you have a function `foo(a, b, c)` and you find yourself passing the same a and b all the time, you can curry it into a function that only takes c: `f = curry(foo, a, b)` such that you can just call `f(c)`. The OO alternative would be to create a class: class Foo: def __init__(self, a, b): self.a = a self.b = b def f(c): return foo(self.a, self.b, c) And then you create an instance `obj = Foo(a, b)` and when you need to call `foo`, you call it via `obj.f(c)`. This is a long winded way of saying an object is a poor man's closure. Yeah, you’re probably right. I don’t understand all the tedious, annoying functional jargon; I just know there is a function in Racket called “curry” which does what I described above. Sorry for my error. > I suppose the real major thing is you've put a bunch of parameters into a single class/tuple/struct rather than spelling them out individually Yes, this is the mechanic, ultimately. Partial application vs structs/objects/tuples are just two different solutions for the same problem. Arguably they may even reduce down to the same underlying solution (to the extent that closures are objects behind the scenes). These seem like flagrant violations of constitutional rights; I would be interested to hear from a lawyer what kind of legal liability the police (as a department and as individual bad-apple officers) are opening themselves up to by behaving this way. Hopefully justice is served and constitutional rights are protected. > I'm not sure what your point is. Is it that it's okay to arrest them if they're not live? The point is that it's not even in the officers' own self-interest. Why are you responding to me like I expressed some opinion that you disagree with? I was just providing clarifying context. > It's become clear time and again that they never open themselves up to actual liability. I understand that the criminal justice system is very often lenient on police officers, and I'm strongly in favor of increased police accountability; however, there are still many cases of police officers going to prison and departments/municipalities being sued for police misconduct, so to say that there is no actual liability is hyperbole. > We've seen multiple murders by police happen on camera in the past couple years, with little to no action taken. I don't doubt this, but I don't see how you get from there to "there is no liability at all". > The present one is the first case I know of where anyone from inside the government actually called for an investigation, and it was probably because they were afraid of the very riot situation we now find ourselves in. I'm not sure what you mean by "anyone from inside the government is called for an investigation"; do you mean you don't think police officers in these situations are never or rarely investigated, charged, etc? Or are you speaking about some other government official (and if so, I don't know what you're talking about specifically or how it relates to this broader conversation about liability). > When they can kill someone who isn't a threat, on camera, and face no consequences, why would we expect them to face consequences for something like a frivolous arrest? Your premise is wrong. A quick Google search turned up this collection of police department settlements[0] and this collection of police officers[1] charged in recent, high-profile killings. Note that there is a middle ground between "there is no accountability" and "the system is working just fine"--we absolutely should increase police accountability, but "there is no liability/accountability" isn't accurate or helpful. [0]: https://www.themarshallproject.org/records/1712-police-settl... [1]: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/cases-police-officers-ch... There's not enough liability, perhaps, but there's certainly some. Here[0] is a list of police department settlements and another[1] of individual police officers being tried and/or convicted for recent high-profile killings. Note that media coverage is inherently sensational and therefore not reflective of reality--just because the media gives much more attention to killings than to the legal repercussions doesn't mean that the latter doesn't exist. In this particular instance, surely CNN has a strong case against the Minneapolis police department? [0]: https://www.themarshallproject.org/records/1712-police-settl... [1]: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/cases-police-officers-ch... > I have seen tweets from blue check marks essentially calling for violence and Twitter didn't remove them As a Twitter user, I've been concerned with this as well. Clicking on the Minneapolis riots "trend", roughly 1/3 of the top tweets were promoting violence while the overwhelming majority of the remainder were merely sympathetic toward the violence, with only a small sliver denouncing the violence. Note that I don't follow violent or far-left accounts (generally a-political tech accounts, and I'll unfollow people who have especially authoritarian or hateful views in either direction), yet these are overwhelmingly promoted to me (in general, not just in the particular case of the MN riots) either in trends or in the random "here, have this extreme, toxic Tweet from another follower of someone you follow" Tweets that Twitter tosses into my feed. I'm not sure that Twitter is actively promoting extreme left-wing views (it could be that Twitter's user base is really just so far left that its algorithms just can't find any moderate content for me or something), but I don't blame anyone for thinking it does. EDIT: I'm aware this is a controversial topic, but I'm curious if I'm being downvoted because people don't believe my characterization of my timeline/trends or because my tone was less than thrilled with the volume of left-wing tweets I'm shown or something else. I'm a heretic and I don't deserve my Internet Points, so take them away, but indulge my curiosity about your specific objections! :) I agree. There needs to be more accountability for police. > Not personally, of course, the payments will come out of liability insurance (and, therefore, taxpayer coffers). I think this might actually be eminently desirable that the taxpayer is on the hook. We shoulder a lot of responsibility for our police (not the actions of any given officer, but the system that either fails to weed out 'bad apple' officers or fails to adequately train them or whatever other systemic failure is responsible) and it's right that we shoulder the cost for our lack of will to enact police reform or take it seriously. Of course, I don't think the liability--criminal or civil--is adequate in magnitude, and I would like to see more of both. I'm of the impression that in March and perhaps even in April "experts" (whoever they are) thought the US alone could see death tolls in the millions? Is this true? I recall looking into this and finding that swallows, bats, and other "mosquito predators" don't put a dent in mosquito populations (mosquitoes are numerous and only account for a negligible percentage of these predators' diets). > Latest estimates are 0.5-1 percent fatality rate I read just a couple of days ago that the IFR (infection fatality rate) is only ~0.25%-0.3%? Still ~four times higher than that of the flu, but not ten times greater. How do you suppose you increase accountability for police officers (or any other police reform) without public support? And how does increasing accountability give police officers the special skills that they increasingly need, for example, to for interacting with mentally unwell members of the community? "Figure out how to be a mental health professional or face jail time"? To use your "doctors" analogy, we also have a system that adequately trains doctors and filters out the unfit. I generally agree with the above, but you're framing this as a disagreement which makes me think you misunderstood the context of the thread. My position is that there is some accountability but it's not sufficient for any reasonable standard of justice. Pretty sure that 0.4% is "among people who develop symptoms" and 35% of infections are asymptomatic. So 0.4% of 65% of infections, or ~0.26% of infections. [0]: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scena... No problem. This stuff is all very nuanced and rapidly changing. It's hard not to make a mistake.