Sun was already on life support when they tried the open source strategy. Their failure isn't related to open source. Those are your own definitions. open-source/free software is about the license, period. Then some people wants to add some romance around it but that is just their own opinion. What about Julian Assage? US laws shouldn't apply to him yet they want to extradite and trial him for things done outside US juridiction. > Having a “devops” team would feel like having a team called “agile team” or something - you do “devops”, you can’t build it. Too late. The industry has chosen to deviate the word. For years as a sysadmin I was arguing people that devops is a methodology and not a function. Now I have the Sr Devops Engineer title. I know I am still just a sys and platform engineer who's job is to facilitate life of developers but hey the industry insist on calling me devops, I have other fights more important than fixing my title and team name. I just tend to think that 20y ago people were relaying memes about sysadmins being motherfuckers who just randomly denied everything to clueless developers while the devops term emphases more the collaboration side. I hope the devs I work with are happy working with me, I sure have a good relationship with them. If that is being what the industry now choose to call a devops, I am a devops. I've worked in a company working in holacracy. Some people are more active or passive than others. Some people are more vocals than others. Some people have better social and negociation skills. In the end although there is no hierarchy per se, some natural leaders emerge, and they are usually best suited for the job than some managers who are clueless about what the team is doing because they still have to do the job and be accounted for. Some metrics always have to be implemented to make sure the teams fulfill their role. Metrics depend on the kind of role. As a sys admin team we were relying on uptime of the services we were managing. As a bicycle and old motorcycles user I am gobsmacked that so much people accept that the vehicule they are using is connected or regularly phone home to the manufacturer. I guess if you share all your life on facebook and instagram, why shouldn't you also give away all your errands to any third party. Is there at least a license agreement you are showned at and have to agree to upon delivery? Can you operate those vehicules offline by choice? Well all my bikes are "muscular bikes" for one thing, and I build most of them out of spare parts. And I haven't jumped on the electronic shifting band wagon either. I don't necessarily see all these technos as bad but I spend enough time in front of my computer and I want my bikes to stay part of the analog world. These kinds of features could, and should be optionnally usable by connecting your car to an open source self hosted server. There is no need to send everything to the manufacturer and a way to avoid that should be mandatory. I think this is a case of first world country arrogance of putting perfectly working things in the landfill just for the heck of it. I use a beamer instead of a tv but it is not complicated to dedicate a small computer like a gigayte brix or an old laptop and use the tv/beamer as the screen. Be it with kodi or using regular apps doesn't make a huge difference these days. With the advent of hidpi monitors, all modern OSes support scaling the icons/text/widgets so it is perfectly viewable from a few meters of distance. I use a wireless keyboard+trackpad combo as a remote which I leave out of the way inside my living room table when not in use. But if you are living with the current performance just fine, why do you have to seek a faster one. As long as I can work, play 2 concurrent movies while having videocalls at the same time, I don't see the point upgrading just for the sake of upgrading. Unless the security of my devices is at risk. Why would you want to cram 50 so called "smart" devices is the real question. Is your quality of life improved by having your lightbulbs and switch connected to the internet. Why do you need sensors at all? My home is completely analog, like I even have to operate my windows blinds manually. I have lived in a totally connected and electrified house and I didn't view any improvement in my quality of life. Only downsides when the power grid had an issue. I don't know any website that uses facebook as its only way to authenticate. I never use the usual suspect for authentication, always choose the regular account option tied to an email address. That is what password managers are for anyway. Have had 2 kids in the last decade in Switzerland and we only had a visit or two and it was mostly about providing councelling, not helping you in your daily task as a proper kraamzorgster. Keep in mind that these kinds of systems are not necessarily compatible with some cultures/usages. My gf has a friend who is leaving in the Netherlands and was getting crazy about having that krammzorgster around in the house all day long while her mother was already here for a few months. It looked like it isn't even optionnal and they couldn't just tell her to go elsewhere. They are mexicans. As a user, I have yet to find an electron app I have tested and kept using. There are many tools available as electron apps that I have to use for my daily job that I prefer running in a browser window instead of the buggy electron app such as teams or slack. And I don't see any downside in using the website instead of the electron app, quite the contrary in fact. Even on mobile there are some tools that I prefer to run on the browser, mostly for better control of my privacy. If you develop on the web, develop on the web. If you want to build desktop app, develop your apps like desktop apps. Users will thank you. man synecdoche Hmmm, pulseaudio volume control allow me to change the volume and device used for every single source (app, firefox tab...) I am running. Don't mistake "people using adblock" with "I don't have a valid business model". Adblock users are a minority among people browsing the internet. As an avid cyclist too, I think the biggest misunderstanding is you mentionned "trail", which you are probably confusing with "non paved path". That Bike Shaped Object mentionned up there would totally be destroyed in a few hours of riding any challenging trail at a decent speed. The fork would bend and lockup itself, the brake pads would be dead before reaching the bottom of the hill. Another problem with buying such a lowend bike online is they are very often badly assembled. You might find quickly that it becomes noisy because some parts were installed without enough grease, or components may become nearly impossible to remove because of oxydation when it will become time to replace them, and it may just be unsafe because something hasn't been torqued to spec. I once had a thorough look at these kind of bikes and a sticker on the fork clearly stated it was not really rated to be used off road. Thanksfully the CE norms have been done so that bicycles do not explode on potholes filled roads so even a bike not made for off-road is made to survive common abuses on and off the pavement. My biggest issue with these kind of cheap e-bikes with stupid barely functionnal gimmicks such as (badly) suspended fork and chinese low end electric system is they often turn very quickly to the landfill because something end up being non functionnal and the owner do not know how to fix it himself and which component to replace wit. So to the eyes of many what you really bought appears to be waste (or soon to be) which would have been better replaced by something that might last better. Take the same bike, replace the suspended fork with a steel rigid fork and remove the electronics and you have a bike that can be ridden for years with decent maintenance. But how many people will do that instead of sending it to the landfill and replacing it with the same shit when it gets to this point? Having said that the good thing with cycling is you don't have to have the newest more expensive bike to enjoy riding and as long as you do it within the capabilities of the bike. And suprisingly a bike can be operated for long while being in a very bad state as long as speed is kept low, squeaking and grinding his way to your destination. If you would literally pay for an amazon filter, why don't you put your money where your mouth is and buy from dedicated shops? Initially because I hate monopoly but also because looking for something decent on amazon is a major PITA I avoid amazon for nearly everything. If I need a computer, I buy direct to the vendor or to a computer shop. If I need new bicycle parts I go to an online bikeshop, if I want a new sampler groovebox, I go to a store selling home studio gears. Well this isn't totally true as I now favor second hand stuff but the reality is Amazon is not very effective at offering you the best things, and not even at the best price. Most online shops nowadays offer shipping time on par with what you get on Amazon. In then end I don't see any good incentive to use Amazon. Some people will say centralized market place but if searching a decent product takes much more time than finding a good specialized store and getting decent product quickly you haven't really gained anything. Single account for all your shopping? Many shops offer buying without creating an account. Others will allow you to seamlessly create the account at ordering time and password managers make it easy to manage multiple accounts. Nearly all of them allows Paypal/Google/Apple pay among other. This is definitely not what I would call obscure 3rd party. Figuring out wether ticking or not ticking the box usually involve knowing how to read. And as I said many of them allow for guest access without any account creation. Which is the reason they are bought by the truckload. It is akin to an android tablet without the terrible android game ecosystem. As a parent I am happy to have chosen the switch for the following reason: 1. Kids can carry everywhere, like they can play in the plane when going on holidays. 2. They don't have to monopolize the main family screen every time they want to play, yet you can still play in the living room. 3. It cost a lot lower than a playstation or xbox 4. Most games have a decent and long enough offline gameplay, keeping my kids away from being online and be exposed to harassment 5. It is not on a phone, so they don't have to own a phone or use mine. On the cons side it is way to fragile and has been replaced once. Note: my kids are 8 and 11 and not heavy video game players. They don't have free access to the console, which mean they didn't develop addiction yet and they can spend literally weeks without gaming. Exactly, I see the very same reusal of IP on all platforms. For parents nintendo is a guarantee of having access to games made for kids. There are certainly comparable games sold for Playstation and Xbox lines but the price range and advertized games show they are targetting adults. Parents of young kids would tend to stear away naturally. They use the word big the same way people started saying Big Pharma. To put people selfhosting at home in opposition of using huge companies. I think it depends what kind of work you do and if you travel a lot. Pre/post pandemia are also different for a lot of people. A lot of people are now working 100% at home in a dedicated office and could only use a desktop while they used to move from meeting to meeting with their laptop prior to the pandemic. Others were travelling a lot from conf to conf and customers. Some still do a lot of customers on site work. There are many use-cases. Anyway a laptop becomes a desktop by plugging it's usb-c port to your docking station so there is very little downside appart from being subject to throttling when doing heavy cpu stuff to using one instead of a desktop. Which not everybody is subject too, mostly only people compiling stuff on their laptop. I personnally spend most of my time in my office at home with dual screen but I like to move to the living room when attending conferences, in my rooftop when it is not to sunny or in the kitchen to have a chat with my gf while grabbing a tea when she is at home and I am waiting for a job/whatever to complete so a laptop is still nice to have even when working 100% from home. You can still do a lot of great work and have decent screen by just focusing on second hand stuff. I never bought a personnal laptop as new and right now my main laptop is one I bought from my previous company when leaving. The bonus is usually once you get them they are already fully supported and stable on Linux. It only costed me 375 euros. It is not a high end model, but a mid range (Lenovo E580) from a few years ago that was specced with the fastest i7 cpu and with as many ram (32GB) as supported. It is not Macbook M1 whatever fast/nice but for me it is still pretty much current. I cringe when people say they cannot work with 1080p screen but the reality is you are perefectly comfortable on them as long as you don't know better. This is something I have learned with different domains, not just computing but also sport equipment, music hardware. You don't necessarily miss the new tech until you tried it and you are not necessarily less productive, comfortable, creative or competitive on older tech, only expectations changes. But once you tested the new drug sure it is hard to come back. Who listen anything on speakers anyway? When travelling I will always use headset, when hooked to docking it uses my home studio monitor speakers and if I want to listen to watch a movie in the bed or a show in my kitchen it is paired to my Bose bluetooth speaker. Well terminology is important depending on who you are talking to. Some governments may call that trail but riding down a black track at Whistler or Champery is different than just riding along on a non technically challenging gravel road/path. Besides, trail bike is a term used by the bicycle industry for a category of bikes that are much more capable than a cross-country mountain bike on challenging terrain and downhills while not being as much extreme as a Downhill bike with double crown forks which are pigs uphill. As for your other question it really depends on the kind of e-bike. Well integrated e-bike from bigger companies have the engine in the bottom bracket area so you can't remove that and the battery is usually so integrated inside the frame. Most cheap e-bike like yours, if it is the same as the one I see on the viribus website, are regular cheap alu frame on which they have strapped a battery on the standard 2 bolts usually dedicated for the water bottle holder cage and the engine is on the rear wheel. So the frame is pretty standard in that regard. Remove the battery and swap the rear wheel for a regular rear wheel and you have a conventional very entry level hardtail. I cringe every time I hear the US president being described as the leader of the free world, as if there were 2 specific sides and USA were leading it and as if USA was an advocate for freedom. > Docker is successful in part because it punts library versioning and security patches and distro maintenance to a third party. Not only do you not have to worry about these things (but you should!) now you might not be able to even do anything if you wanted to. This is a very restricted view. Besides this article is about building your own images, not using existing ones. Main issue to me is that in my experience unless I put the phone on the dash (where it can easily overheat in summer unless I put it right on the aircon vent) the phone doesn't grab the gps satellite signal that easily. I have always been a bit dubious about e2e encryption on whatsapp especially seeing how the forward message feature work. Example: upload a few minutes long video to a whatsapp contact, depending on your phone connection it can take up to a few minutes. Then forward it to other contacts or group and it is done instantaneously. For the videos and images to be sent and retrieved instantaneously by my contacts when forwarded while I am using a crappy connection it means they are retrieved from some whatsapp servers which means there is at least some kind of man in the middle proxy-cache stuff involved. I certainly cannot do the same on other apps I have used doing e2e encryption. On deltachat, atox, jami I have to send back again the data. While inconvenient when using a bad connection I am willing to get the tradeoff to have no mitm on any server. Anyone can share if there is a similar forwarding function on Signal? From my experience, the nextcloud android app autosync features are unreliable while I never had this problem on syncthing. Not really multiplatform though. Opensource clients exists but they could break anytime from some MS changes. That's wrong. Linux works for myriad of usecases the same way that windows and macos do. And it sucks at a fraction of other ones but windows and macos do too suck big times at other things. The difference with my grandmother and most average people is she hasn't been forced through school and work to the windows or mac ecosystem. She wasn't used to software x and y. When she asked how to do things, she didn't have any preconceptions. Resistance to change is the main deterrent to people. Most people used to amiga or atari suffured when they had to learn windows. Most people are struggling a bit when switching to MacOS, I sure do as well. The difference is you seallow it easily because you actually bought a freaking expensive equipment and feel forced to get used to it. While if you are just a format + reinstall away from windows you will just not have the patience to dedicate the time to discover the UI, shortcuts and softwares to achieve the same thing but with a slightly different workflow. If anything, Linux and the BSD have never struggled from unsolvable usability or compatibility issues, provided the hardware was chosen carefully, they struggled because they are free, are installable on commodity hardware already sold with other OS and thus aren't taken seriously. I don't agree either. I have been using Linux as a primary desktop for 24 years and I don't have any major issue. I have a lot however, when I am using a Windows computer. Gaming on computers is such an edge case for a tiny fraction of the population, the hardcore gamers. Most people simply don't even have a powerful enough computer to run AAA games anyway and buy a playstation, xbox or switch to play games. And I always had fun playing hedgewars on linux with some friends, thank you. It is funny you mention drivers because: - printing and scanning on my fedora laptops is a totally flawless and transparent experience, only requiring at the beginning to install a package which was pretty quick using gnome software. Doing the same on the windows laptop of my girlfriend required spending 10 minutes getting the correct driver on the manufacturer website, installing the drivers including a ton of random unneeded software, rebooting the laptop and now everytime she wants to print anything she gets some annoying popup windows. - the prior scanner I used for 25y before moving country was still perfectly supported on my linux distributions while the last available driver for windows was for windows 2000. Better hardware support from Linux actually allowed me to use my scanner more than 10y longer than if I had been using a Windows or Mac. Some exotic hardware may not be supported at time of release on linux but all in all if you do your homework before shopping there is no issue. Dunno I consider myself a minimalist (my living room is basically a sofa, a coffee table, hifi and a beamer) and my coffee table is made of wood pallets found in the street. Still I don't consider I am living in minimalism because I am not living alone and I leave alongside a ton of shit from my gf and kids. The living room is basically my only minimalist space in the appartment. I won't go into the PC/MacBook debate but there is a thing about having less, but expensive and durable products, than tons of shit that keeps breaking down and being replaced. That's usually the point. I´ve moved something like 12 times in my life, as a kid, as a young adult, maried man with kids, now divorced one with shared custody. I've lived in studios, appartments, houses, most rented but 2 owned. My conclusion is whatever space you have you might end up using all of it and only because it is available, not because you are using all that shit. I got back to renting close to a large city center because I wanted to get rid of cars and be able to go anywhere with my bicycle, have the kids walk to school , to their friends place or outside without me having to drive them left and right. Leaving in family do not mean you need so much things/space, hobbies don't have to require space. Also a lot of things can be shared with neighbors. I think what is wrong is telling people they will earn cash while the electricity bill will make so that only Norton will get money instead. All this while increasing global warming and energy waste. It may be opt-in but there is just nothing good in it. Huge in money because gamers spend a tons of money on hardware and games. It is not huge in term of % of computing users. Most computers sold are tablets and laptops without any decent GPU. Most people cannot run less than 10y olds AAA games (and many of those usually works well on linux with proton anyway). Aren't developers always using the same version and blindly downloading and running malicious code doing the same thing, running a single version? Only those were harmed. And by harmed it was just really a bunch of tests runs failing, I guess no production workload was impacted by that jerk move. To write and merge code to Marak's version DABH has its own copy so your question makes no sense. Marak could decide to make his repo disappear it doesn't make the local or hosted repos of other contributors disappear. It seems that github managed to distort your mind into thinking that git was no longer a decentralized cvs. Most people don't even know the size of their laptop drive. Only measurement they know is if it is full or not, and it can even take them time to realize this. I don't see where it is not ethical. At any point you can decide to pursue or stop maintaining the code and anyone can decide to fork and take over. It is just naive to think you will always find fun in working on it or pretend you might make a living out of it unless you have a strong business plan. As said earlier, this is a sentiment that is not socially accepted, so you will have a hard time finding examples or people admitting to it. I have 2 daughters, I love them but in hindsight if I had to start over I don't think I would have kids. And it is not necessarily about the money. I realize I give up waaaay to much of my own needs and freedom. It may just be also about how I am. While many people will tell their kids to litterally go fuck themselves (well with different words) while they are watching football or leave them unattended while they go for a bicycle ride, I am one of those who will never say no when my daughters ask me to play or require assistance for some creative stuff. Yes I enjoy doing stuff with them but I'd rather go for a bicycle ride, play music or do carpentry. Thanksfully there are a few things we have in common, like playing basketball. Now that I am divorced and we share custody of the girls, it makes it feel somehow harder, as I can't just get away from my ex-wife. There is always something to negociate/organize. Thanksfully the pandemic has opened a lot of possibilities regarding work from home so I could change employer without having to move to another place but I'd rather use the remote work possibilities to become a digital nomad and travel all over the world. I would also be happy living in a camper moving from place to place every few weeks/months. Having kids while being separated from their mother makes it impossible. > Many, many middle aged people with families actually say they prefer the office because it's impossible to get any work done at home with 4 kids The kids are supposed to be at school pretty much during the same office hours, so I am not sure what you mean. There may be more or less 1 hour of overlap in the morning and late afternoon but that's about it. Morning is usually the times I go through my emails and schedules so I can do that while the kids are taking breakfast and preparing themselves, when they come back home I give them a snack and ask them to do their homework. Sure there is the occasionnal arguig between each other but that is only covering a tiny fraction of my work time. I definitely trade that tiny parenting time against commuting time and I'd rather be at home than finding out they burned the house while I was at the office. It is the ethical problem of those companies, not of the people writing the original code. > The thing that matters most is what the npm project points to, since it is relied on by other packages and apps. And it doesn't really matter that much because the NPM people can decide to make it point somewhere else wherever they want, or people can decide to create a new package name on NPM and use that new name on their package.json file. So Google liberated kubernetes under the Apache License 2.0. Many companies are now relying on it for their workload and we see contribution from other big companies as well. Are you saying that it would be unethical if Google find out they'd now rather work on something newer/better, and stop having engineers contributing to it? I think you are mistaking the GPD Pocket 2 Max with the non Max version. The Max version has a real touchpad while the GPD Pocket 2 has that tiny thing on the upper right. I have the GPD Pocket 2 and while the trackpoint thing is not the most precise you get used to it and I have no complaint to do regarding the hardware. It just works. My first computer connected to internet was the family Pentium 100Mhz with 64MB of ram that ended up retired by my father for a much powerful athlon whatever. It used to run Windows 98. I inherited that one and immediately ditched the Windows 98 as it couldn't allow me to listen to music while browsing and use an office apps, audio was stuttering all the time. This is actually the reason I started using linux. I remember internet was usable at 100Mhz back in the days, I could play some videos (obviously at a much lower res, I was using a CRT). The funny things is some of the apps mentionned here already existed at the time so it resonnate with my experience, although back in the days I tended to prefer apps running on terminals unless it was absolutely necessary. Emails, music player, I was a terminal for all of that. My computing life was not that different than today bar the videos resolution increase. And the web wasn't less interesting or usable. It is incredible how crap internet has become that we can't reasonnably think we can browse it comfortably on what would have looked like a supercomputer at the time of my 100Mhz Pentium. Some people like Gnome. I like using gnome on my Lenovo Yoga as it is as efficient being keyboard driven as it is using the desktop as a tablet. I think there is a case about using day to day the product they want to improve, but there is also a case about knowing how competitors are doing it. The hardest part I think is working and sharing work 2 different systems at the same time. Not that the technical solutions do not exists, but muscle memory will always make that one system end up feeling unbearable and it might not because it is worse but by resistance to change. It all comes down to the time you are willing to dedicate in learning something new. For most of the stuff that runs on windows and mac there are alternatives on linux, some equal, some worse, some better. I have been mostly a linux users for years. I still have one laptop with a dual boot on windows...for only one use case: music production. Not because there are no music production software available, not because they aren't good, quite the contrary there are fairly decent tools both opensource and proprietary, but because I don't know them well. I only do music as a hobby in my free time and so far I have been too lazy, or more interested in producing music than learning a new workflow. I admit it is mostly about laziness and time to dedicate to something new. I intend to correct that because I don't want to feel forced to use windows, which I mostly hate for anything else, for that. I don't see vanilla kurnetes as complex. It is the whole ecosystem around it that is complex, especially as there are no 2 setups done the same way. Also each third party operator has its own set of pros/cons/limitations/learning curve. This is the reason when you follow a tutorial about how to publish application X using helm on your local kubernetes minikube/k3s whatever setup on your own laptop usually works fine but just doesn't necessarily translate quickly to deploy a production ready working app of your own on your company's managed k8s setup. Nowadays the content is an or embed product placement itself so even if you don't see/hear an ad you are exposed to advertising content when watching/reading/listening to anything. Also before powersteering manufacturers had to do a compromise between ease of use and available grip. Parking a car with wide tires such as a 70's/80's supercar was a real workout. Hence many cars of that era without powersteering had narrowish tires and thus very poor available grip and emergency braking efficiency. Powersteering has allowed cars to have much more available grip and it is not a inherently a bad thing although it comes with its downsides too. Mainly fuel efficiency and overconfidence issue. I wish these kind of cars with touch screen could be optionnally equipped with controllers on which user could assign and customize whatever function they want. Something similar to midi controllers for DAWs full of knobs, buttons and sliders. Search 'Akai midimix' to get an idea if what I am thinking at. > Lutris, PlayOnLinux, Proton, etc. are all really cool. But, if you value your time and security, just keep a dedicated Windows system for gaming. I keep all the things I actually care about or don't want stolen on my Linux system with full drive encryption and I keep a gaming PC that has absolutely nothing I care about on it. The Windows system is never allowed to access my email, credit cards, or anything I care about in any way. I agree with the part about running a dedicated system for gaming. I do the same but for creating music (I am not gaming). On the other hand you don't need to do that on Windows so these tools still are useful. I will add that if you have network segregation and firewalling between your main computer, your dedicated setup (gaming, whatever....) and the potential iot things running in your house it is even better. You can't ask people to use a driving aid and not end up less focused. With advertising, "infotainment" (which is really disguised entertainment), music, oustide environment and passengers it is already hard for a driver to focus on his driving. You can't expect any human being short of people paid for that to keep hands brushing the wheel and feet ready to slam the brakes. Having said that I am not sure most people are safer for cyclists and pedestrians. FSD is in such a bad state right now that the tesla is driving in the streets at the speed 80y old people do. What I saw in a video is a car that drive at a similar pace to a cyclist, it is even much slower in the crossing sections. I don't really understand the fuss about lan port. If you are using a cable, you are probably not anymore in a mobile situation and most of the time you connected the laptop to a usb-c docking station as you also want to plug a screen, keyboard, external pointer, etc. I wouldn't call that "a lot". It is more niche use nowadays and for these kind of use one usually prefer a dedicated tool. Nowadays the datacenter guys would favor a mini laptop like the GPD Micro PC (which also comes with serial port by the way) for example, people working in the field would rather use Panasonic Toughbook lines that also kept serial ports and ethernet. It would be nice if Lenovo still had one or two sturdiers models available with similar I/Os but it makes no sense to have them on all models. For us occasionnal users just having one of those 5 in 1 adapters in the laptop bag is enough. The thinner/lighter form factor is more comfortable most of the time and said adapter can be shared accross different devices. If I do the count I have 5 laptops in my own, 2 personnal, 1 professionnal, the other 2 are used by my partner and kids. I am very unlikely to need to hook a RJ45 cable on all these laptops at the same time. >There are >400 million monthly active Facebook users in Europe today [1]. It is pretty absurd to think that a substantial amount of them would prefer losing access to Facebook over an EU mandate, especially considering most people are likely aware at this point that Facebook is using their data. Most people who rely on it are business, and they stay in to compete with businesses who are also in it. If nobody has access to it they will just rely on other means, their own personnal website, other social medias that would fill the gap... Most individual would be annoyed at first as well, but then all end up migrating to the another thing once the dust settle. More than facebook, this would be more the loss of instagram and whatsapp that would annoy them but they would easily move to telegram and signal. Many non-tech people already have a telegram account for example but don't move out of whatsapp because they are all on it already. Nobody wants to be that guys asking anyone else to abandon the group and move to somewhere else just for the heck of moving. As for instagram, they would quickly switch to tiktok, snapchat or something else that fills the gap. I'd like to think open source and decentralized tool would have en edge but I am very doubtful it would happen. It is always easier to migrate to a single jail cell than being free. Anyway, Facebook/Meta has just filled a form to cover their ass. They aren't threatening to leave EU. If they have to keep and manage the data in EU they will find a way. It will just be costly and hurt their finances hence the obligation for them to mention the riskier route. Yet many also have a telegram account, some also have signal. There is no big move out of whatsapp because people don't see the advantage of moving. but if whatsapp had to disappear one day, people with already a telegram account would quickly redirect their relatives to it. I understand the founders are Terry Pratchett / Discworld fans from the name of the associations. For non french speakers, Deuxfleurs is the french traduction of the Twoflower character appearing in The Colour of Magic, The Light Fantastic and Interesting Times from Terry Pratchett's Discworld books series. You are supposed to look at the road when driving, not a screen full of album arts. Anytime you send something in utf-8 you send an mms if my memory is correct. SMS only works with ASCII and thus english language. I see it as a direct reference to the "for dummies" books. >I'm amazed at how the openbsd community seems to like calling people idiots. Nobody called anyone an idiot. You just missed the direct and obvious reference to the "Complete idiot guides to" series of books which are themselves a reference of the "for dummies" books. Well I am not find of his method, especially about doing a classification of people you would call friends. This is something I would hate to do and would hate feeling others put me in a drawer. On the other hand while local friends can be easy to reach, invite or bump into randomly maintaining long distance friendship is a lot harder to do and require actively looking for that relation to not die. It is ok not to talk to friends every month when they are living far away nor does it diminish your feeling towards them and the pleasure you would have to meet them even if it takes 10y to do so. However if you are not actively maintaining a relation, and that requires some additionnal efforts as it is not natural to reach for people you aren't bumping into every other week/month, you might simply lose trail. It is relatively easy to reach to someone who has social media accounts under his own name and never changed phone number. It requires a lot more of detective work to reach out to people who aren't active on social medias. I have lived in several countries and I had to resort to use linkedin to get back in touch with some of my friends and it can took months for them to reply as most people don't even log on linkedin on a regular basis unless they are actually looking for a job. Some of them I lost complete trail as I couldn't find any social media account either. So automatising your own reminders and force yourself to talk to people you might not reach out on a regular basis, because your local social circle already keeps you busy a lot, is not necessarily a bad thing, even if it feels forced. > How do you manage to lose touch with friends? Did you not miss them? Well yes you can not miss your friend for long period of time because they are far away and a large enough social circle keeps you so busy locally that your mind do not get the opportunity to feel it. Anyone who has been living in different areas/countries lost track to some real friends. There is always a moment when you feel you might want to reach out to them again but sometimes it is too late. Any decent government allowed you to print the qrcode. By the way were I live almost everybody has a smartphone but a lot of people just don't even knew where to find the correct app or how to get access to the covid euro passport from the app as a lot of people have been waiting for hours in front of the medical center to get their cert in paper. Many took a picture of it to present it from their smartphone later. Sounds stupid, you don't pay her salary by using firefox. Did you actually took the time to setup firefox to your liking once? From the above post it looks like you didn't. Pocket is pretty much invisible, especially if you remove the button from the toolbar. The only time I see mentions of the mozilla VPN is when I go to the configuration of an existing container and I see the option to integrate it to mozilla VPN. The problem is not to have a place where to put content, the problem is to have place so big where anyone can just create a new account in a few click without validation. I managed a web forum dedicated to one particular hobby. It was quite popular. Yet simply from spam management we disallowed auto activation of new account. We asked people to reply to a few questions in order to know a bit more about them and their intents. Yes we probably lost a large number of potential users but we actually got the users that were really motivated and not thousands of shadow accounts waiting for activations by bots as before. I guess it wouldn't be out of question for a platform that allow anyone to put content to ask for a mandatory copy of the ID of the user as well as a receipt for a electrical bill or something proving where they live in order to be able to report them to their local authorities if they post bad content. All these measures can be defeated but the amount of content to moderate would be in a much lower scale than when you allow accounts with random names and no validation. By knowing who your users are, where they live and be able to report them to their local authorities if they post bad content. There would still be things to moderate, and people beating the validation system but the traffic of content to moderate would be much lower. You are taking this backwards. - there are more fonts without ligatures than there are fonts with ligatures. - every single OS I can think of include by default a monospace font that do not support ligatures. - there are still a huge amount of terminals which do not support them. - for almost any font that has ligature there is a variant without ligature - there is virtually no way to end up with ligatures without actively looking to get ligatures. - any terminal/editor that supports ligature has a setting for that. - most people do actually like ligatures which is the reason they use those editors/terminal/fonts and want those activated by default. Compare that to browsers having more market share and firefox isn't any more intrusive or less focused at being useful. Chrome is totally shitty in stock form as well unless you love ads and don't care about privacy. It is not like every update break everything. They did one major update that broke a number of extensions and they didn't even do it without prior announcement and time for extensions developpers to adapt them. Appart from them those are tiny changes. You can use one of the forks such as librewolf or any other fork which comes with a firefox already tuned with a more privacy oriented focus. Creative Commons licenses aren't open source licences. Your phrasing is misleading. They are however copyleft as they allow for redistribution and modification and this is the word you should be using. Not everybody got 802.11ac at home already and most people are fine with 802.11n speed for their personnal usage. I would say this is irrelevant for a large fraction of the population. Also not everybody need declarative configuration, especially when talking about a monodevice scope. And a lot of people only get a new access point when they either receive a new router from their providers or change providers. This is not uncommon to have the same wireless access point for a decade or so and people are generally fine with it. Also most people don't even know there are different revisions of the wifi standard and if you say 802.11 they will just look at you with clueless eyes. I am not saying it is ok for any OS to not support it but it doesn't necessarily affect everyone's life. Some work is done on that front though: https://wiki.freebsd.org/WiFi/80211ac I lived in Valais for years without knowing that story but it sure is a good one :-) Well in the case of last name unless those dead peoples was the last one standing with the surname there is always the possibility of a descendant or someone from a different branch of the family name tree commiting bad things. Add to that some people sometimes decide to give a famouse surname as a firstname for their kids. There is a non negligible number of people sporting the Lafayette, Napoleon, Lincoln as first name for example that could do something bad anytime. Edward Shishkin has been the main maintener of reiser4 for years. I guess it is a way to say that the business model is probably not right and they won't last long. But what do I know, I never launched a product. I haven't came accross a single rar file for years. Last was when I was a teenager in the mid/late 90's downloading pirated games/app. Then call it weboob. I am already out --> [] The functionnality of a scrollbar is provided by the touchpad, mouse with wheels , pageUp/Down and search tools so I have never missed it. I don't really understand why you would want to click to have focus on a window. How many times do you really use that ≡ "burger" menu button of firefox in a day really? And after how many times do you end up having learned the keyboard shortcuts? There are only a handful of them that don't have a keyboard shortcut. I don't know a single UI accessible with a keyboard that do not accept Home/End. afaik ctrl+shift+b show/hide you the bookmark toolbar. I think there is none for the ≡ menu nor for settings* which is sad but most submenus are covered. I actually wish I could unmap or change the inspector menu shortcut (ctrl+shift+c) as I often use it by mistake if trying to copy/paste stuff from browser to my terminal. * I actually do ctrl+t then type pref and find preferences in the history usually instead. On those very same program (vim/neovim) come to my mind there are specific shortcuts to go to the start/end. Didn't know that, never came accross one. Not sure I understand the reasonning about adapting an UI for shitty hardware though. Vote with your wallet damit. For a feature you use once every other week/month I don't see it as a resignation. Don't see the point from a UI perspective to show me everything, including features I may never ever use, each time I want to access features used on a more frequent basis. Doubt that, I know they exist. I don't know I don't use it. Is it so hard to have just one portion of wall with a neutral color in one's home office setup? I work in different part of my home, but I dedicate one small space for video calls, where I stand, not sit. It is designed to provide a plain background. If I didn't have a wall at my disposal I would have installed a white ikea roller window blind on the ceiling. It is much more effective than any blurring/background replacement algorithm. You choose to work from home, you choose to welcome work in your home. The good thing is you still have the liberty to limit and design the small part of the home you are welcoming your coworker's in. My linux and freeBSD desktops at the time were faster/more responsive than my win2k one and I have plenty of choice for apps that would use less memory. It is silly to compare to todays requirement. Nowadays system use more memory because we have more available. That's the problem with this kind of things. They mostly attract people interested in tech, but those kind of people are usuallt already working in tech. As much as I love those things, the last thing I want when I lock my laptop is start coding and fiddling with electronic devices. I either have to take care of the kids or go for a bicycle ride, spend time with my partner, have a beer or the sea/beach or all of the above and in no particular order. I need so much to be outdoor when I finish my work day I barely find time to make music although I love doing that. The people who could do that are the people who have time to spend hours watching Netflix series but usually they are the lazy type and not interested in that kind of things. Unless it is used by a school most of those things end up in drawer not to be used again. You know those features can be easily disabled right? I never got any ad on firefox. Usually if you have a working freebsd system you know the handbook exist and you refer to it for that kind of instructions. Even my grandmother who used her first computer late in her seventies knew how to do that on linux. I've been working in companies that use office 365 for the last 4 or 5 years and I had no problem working with office documents either using the office 365 web apps or libreoffice on linux. Well not exactly turn key solution but you can do a lot with a self hosted elasticstack instance. I guess you might be able to do interesting dashboards with grafana. Usually when you sell your old phone you give away your old charger. All the people around me only have one crappy old cables whose housing start to separate from the usb connector from years of use. I tend to be the exception in the sense that I am the clumsy one of the group who keeps dropping, losing or breaking his phones and have bought other devices that requires usb-c cables. More than the look, I'd be more worried about going over the bars at the first deep pothole. On the other hand Nintendo never pried the NES, SNES, original gameboy and gameboy advances and N64 from its customers hands. Internet started being centralized when companies started making decisions instead of keeping it collegial and use IETF RFC's. Business companies all strive to get monopolies, hence they build things to capture consumers. Same companies are more attractive than open standard because making things not interoperable is more agile/faster as you can break things whenever you want. Thus companies build more attractive things to the users and users get captured in those shiny gold plated cells. Nintendo isn't bricking it. It prevents firmware from being downgraded. That is a bit different. Most of my services are at home in a dedicated lan but I still have one vps server that is used as a reverse proxy and which forward everything via a tunnel. The OS itself doesn't need much maintenance. I have set up auto updates and auto reboot on a regular basis. And you know what? Distros do their job very well and it just works. We are talking home service, I can deal with (less than) 5 minutes of downtime once in a week. I use rhel derivated distro which means major disruptive upgrade are only dealt with once every n years. I may choose an immutable distro in the future when support ends though. Rotating https certs? Certbot makes automatic rotation easy. ssh? What is the deal? You set it up basically once. Add a bit of port knocking if you want more silent logs. To add a bit of security, set up crowdsec, fail2ban. Again, these tools do not require a lot of maintenance. Most of the burden of maintenance comes from the management of the apps/services you want to have live. PaaS won't really help you much with that. SaaS tend to be expensive or lock you, they help if the service you want to maintain is complex. I don't think that is the case for the services described in the OP: static websites, git and backups. There are traps though. For example should you run containers to easily maintain certain services or use the distro packages? You can argue that containers whom upstream project provide image for allows you to easily upgrade any service. I can switch from any postgresql version in a snap for instance. However while it is easy to track and set up auto update a major version using a tag, you might want to be more cautious with major versions bumps. And this keeping informed with the various upstream project, know when and why to do major upgrade, what are the impact and potentially maintenance task of any major release upgrade. This is the hardest part. Sometimes it might be best forgetting about using upstream container for some services and sticking to the version supported by your long term maintenance distro that does the job of backporting any security patch to have that peace of mind. You can still run it as a container, but using the distro packages. That is what I do for databases for example. A much cheaper and better solution is to use an opensource OS that use Sane. I ditched it 2y ago when I changed country but I have been using an old usb scanner whose latest drivers were only installable on windows ME and 2000 for years on my different linux distros. If you don't want to use linux as your main OS, most virtualization solutions support USB forwarding and shared folders which allow one to scan on a vm and get the files directly on the host OS. I don't think the task is hard but it requires patience as nothing is more complicated but you need to learn to do everything in a somewhat different way. Despite being a sysadmin I have always been clear with my partners that I would never provide support for their windows computer. If they were willing to switch to linux they could and I would help them, otherwise they were on their own. I never tried forcing anyone. Might look extreme but after a day of work I didn't want to fight an OS/ecosystem I hated for its lack of transparency while I could rest or spend quality time. When I was married to my first wife we had only one computer that I configured with dual boot so she sometimes used my linux to browse something when I had it open as she didn't care about rebooting and thus ended up curious. After some kind of frustration on windows she started learning a bit deeper how to do things on Linux (I was using slackware at the time!). The thing is she was unemployed at the time so had plenty of time to learn. She was also interested in illustration and we were simply too broke to buy the Adobe Suite so she started using sodipodi and then its fork inkscape that weren't initially ported on windows and gimp. Later on when we divorced she kept that computer as I had purchased a laptop. I have lost contact now but 5y later she told me she had been given a faster one from friends and had replaced the windows that came with it with an ubuntu. My 2 subsequent long-time partners never did the switch. I believe the difference is not that they are more clueless about computer but with kids and/or a job it leaves little time to dedicate on learning something new despite all the frustration and swearing they get from their windows computer. Current partner is frustrated a lot as her windows 10 simply takes ages to boot and be usable so she sometimes borrow the laptop I dedicate to my daughters which runs on Fedora when she want to consult something quick. Main barrier I guess is the data she already has on the original computer which I patiently wait for it to die or she throw it through the window. I did an exception with my no support rule to set up some backups so she doesn't lose anything when it will happen I don't think it is a usable way to make a european grasp that. Analog clock or not, for all of us 12 is 12 only at noon, otherwise it is 0. The Ante Meridian / Post Meridian explanation works better. Still, it is a fucked way to say time. By the way 24h analog clocks exist too. We do but 12 is noon for us, otherwise past 11:59 in the evening it goes back to 0. The problem with that explanation is it doesn't make it more logical that 12:59am is one minute before 1:00am. > It seems like KDE and Plasma is the place where look and feel is constantly but incrementally refined; Every time I see a comment like that, I try again KDE, only to leave it 15 minutes later because it is a huge mess. Everytime I try configuring the panel to my liking nothing goes where I want to and I end up with widgets everywhere. No only a small number exists but most are still 12h analog clock. Anyway that is not really the problem, we just learn from being kids that 12 is only valid for noon otherwise it is implicitely 0 as the next one is 1 anyway. And, at least in my country, we rarely say 12 as we use our words to say midnight/noon. software patents are a USA thing only. They don't sue because they can't sue. Software patents aren't valid in europe. "Whether it's Netflix, games, Office/Photoshop, obscure drivers, whatever... I can just run an app and expect it to work, and if it doesn't, it's not my problem. I'll wait a while and someone else will fix it. I don't have to tweak obscure config files or apply patches or sideload package manager repos." I am not sure what you mean. I have been a linux user for the last 25years and I haven't had to apply any patch manually for the last 15 at the very least, nor looking for obscure drivers. A config file is the same as an option/settings menu, with the advantage that it is usually much better documented. Nobody told you that you can watch netflix on Linux as well as running games, use office and powerful photo editing apps as well? Adobe softwares can be replaced by other tools and their licensing these day make it something you don't want regardless of the platform it would run on. Office 365 works well enough on the web, calligra and libreoffice are compatible enough to make it a non issue. You can even upload and work on odf documents on office 365 these days. I like having 4k in the living room and I have a chromecast for that but I'd rather not have my gf and kids play 4k content while I am working at home and they all have 1080p or lower laptop screen anyway. You don't miss retina if you never used it. As for the rest of your experience, I guess it comes from poor buying skills. You don't buy a Dell to run MacOS on it. I purchase my laptops and hardware with linux compatibility in mind. Saying Linux UI is a poor windows 7 ripoff is a lie. I am actually one of the - usually silent - happy gnome 3 user and I think it is a superior desktop UI to anything Microsoft and Apple have produced so far. You get a very focused window without any distraction from unneeded icons and information everywhere and everything can be piloted quickly with the keyboard but also work flawlessly with a touch screen in tablet mode when I flip my Lenovo Yoga. Just buy hardware that is compatible from a start too. > This line of thinking baffles me. I should put up with subpar text-rendering and pixelated fonts and widgets because that's how we did things before? My fonts are fine thank you, and look much better than on the windows 10 that was provided to me initially by my employer. Now let's take an example. My employer sent me 2 1080p external displays for work. What would Retina on my laptop provide if I don't benefit from it on my external displays? Yes sometimes it is better not experiencing better/nicer technology if you can't afford or if your emplyer can't afford to equip all your devices with it. Otherwise you just get frustrated. I am not saying you should go back to CRTs and vintage techs. You like it or not, the market and world is not yet ready to provide affordable retina/4K/5K monitor/displays with decent refresh speed and latency in all sizes at prices anyone can afford. > The reason your experience is so good is because people find these bugs and fix them. Are you saying other OSes / apps ecosystems are bugfree? They are not. And the bug aren't necessarily fixed earlier than on free software. For instance, Windows has been virtually unusable in a non US/english only context for decades and they have never cared fixing the default keyboard layouts. On linux I don't have to memorize arbitrary ALT + 3 digits numbers to type common, daily used letters in my language, I just compose them easily from the default keys. I can name countless of people swearing every day because their app has bug, eratic behavior, crashes, all OS and software license included. > Let us look at Windows and macOS for a second here, and exclude Linux, because Linux (rather, Linux + your favorite DE) is realistically the issue [...] If you design around a given language for the most recent versions of a native OS, you'll never have issues. Both macOS and Windows include common libraries that map to their respective styles. That is a bold statement and largely not true. Most DAWs are only developed and maintained for Windows and Mac. Almost all of them are using their own set of widgets/gfx because they want control on their style and they want it to be the very same on both Windows and Mac. Their software is very specific and want their tool to look and feel like hardware, not a regular software. It is mostly about control. Linux doesn't have anything to do with that and any software maker can decide to only support GTK or QT, libwine or whatever toolkit it wants to use and stick with it. Linux users are used to run QT apps on Gnome or GTK apps on KDE, they are not the one that would complain and given the market share, the software companies are happy to give the middle fingers if they do so anyway. I now would have to take a plane to go to the office so I am now 100% remote but in my previous company they implemented hybrid for those who wanted and the idea was that the conference rooms were to be used for those being on site and the rest of the team would be remote. All rooms had been equipped with decent audio and camera that made the process seamless. People who wanted to be there 3 days a week or more could have a fixed office and leave belongings, other would have to reserve a shared one and work in a clean desk method. No company can expect having an hybrid system work without a little bit of investment and some decent guidelines. With so many space gained in the offices there is a lot of space to liberate to build more small conference rooms and some storage area for those who don't have a fixed desk but may wish to keep things on site. With more and more "office" workers working remotely there is less reliance on paper. I signed my contract digitally, never printed anything. But I sometime write on my desk to take quick notes (but don't bother using paper). Tell that to the homeless You can have a bank account and use cash. As mentionned in the article, some people use cash because they struggle with budgetting. They may get a specified amount of money from the ATM each week in their wallet and get an immediate visual clue of where they at in any moment. Using cash actually make you see the money going out. It is much more tangible than just numbers to a lot of us. We could probably think of other options, like having rechargeable money card with some kind of visual bar indicator showing the amount of money left but that is not there yet. Also as much as I like using my cards and phones for payments, they are really bad for privacy. All you payments get stored in a database waiting to be dumped, stolen and leaked. And it is not a matter of if but rather of when. European here. Back after WWII most european people, supported by the scientific community, agreed that the concept of race was not something applicable to human species. It is only used nowadays to talk about the breeding of particular groups of dogs, cats, cows and goats mostly. For us it all look weird and plain racist to hear race still being used in the US, including in official/administrative papers and law enforcement. We attribute that to a huge part of the US being reluctant to abandon segregation. I don't think anyone say racism disappeared. I only said there has been a general consensus that human races do not exist. That do not means people suddently like people of a different color, accept other cultures or want to see them express their due freedom of religion. And I think most of the racism was kind of hidden as something people would keep for themselves or in close circles. Trump has recently acted as some kind of enabler and we see a resurgence of far-right people in many european countries not being afraid of plainly expressing their hatred and politician and writers not being afraid of getting fined. I would say the future is kind of cloudy in many european countries right now and probably all over the world in that regard. We are kind of back in the 1930's, just with better tech. Never said you should be forced to use Linux. I was just mentionning that the days of patching and recompiling kernel and drivers to have a usable computer are long gone. I am not sure why everybody always mention Gimp as the only photo editing tool that work on linux. There are many other tools in the graphic edition/illustration and video production, including some proprietary ones. TBH, I have no idea how Ubuntu default desktop UI was a few years ago. I vaguely know they tried going with their own ideas with Unity, a desktop that was loosely based on gnome but without using gnome shell. Tastes are not universal anyway and I don't understand how you can stand a windows desktop if you are fine with a mac laptop. When I was given back a new laptop with windows on it by my employer, I tried to get used to it and like it. The font rendering is terrible, the ergonomic is bad, the virtual workspace aren't as seamless and quick to use, the software installation process is shitty, even with linux inspired tools such as chocolatey, making containers and virtual machines work with the cisco vpn was a major PITA and involved having powershell scripts being triggered in scheduled tasks by log events to get anything working. I reinstalled Fedora and was up to speed in a few minutes. As you said, to each their own. > It's worthless for trying to find an app. The descriptions are terrible and often misleading 2 notes: - the google playstore is even worse to find something and much more misleading. Hey you can't even sort out apps that include ads. - You usually get the necessary info quickly even though it might take an additionnal step. The project repo/website is always mentioned, you can consult it. But yes regardless of the store, sometimes it is faster to check for an app and eventually install it using a regular search engine and follow the "playstore/f-droid/iOS/direct apk link". > At least in English, the word "race" does not apply to animals, the word we use for them is "breed". Race is used exclusively for human beings. And in french "race" is direct traduction to "breed". The thing is mixing skin colors, physical features, cultures and possibly religious choices/origins to form a blob named race do not work at all. For example my girlfriend is mexican, her skin is maybe a little more brownish than the average mexican, thus she has been suffering from racism in her own country, hearing her mother saying she wished she had been more white, suffering discrimination during her studies, getting systematically refused entry in places such as dance clubs and generally being dismissed by "white mexicans". Now she lives in europe and whenever she meet another mexican, it doesn't really matter if he/she is whiter or browner than her. Being all away from their roots are all happy to see and share their common culture, talk about what they are missing (mostly about food ha ha) and they feel much more united than inside their own country. What about people with parents with white and brown skin colors. I often have a laugh when people mention someone looking no more brownish than the average south spanish being called black because he has a black father or mother. There are so many body characteristics, so many gradients. At which point of brownishness are you sliding from being white to black? So in a way they are part of a same whole but they can be destinguished at times. And some people having exact same skin color do not necessarily face the same kind of racism depending on where they live and what is the current culture. Racism suffured by black people in the US of A do not have the same characteristics as the racism suffured by black people in other parts of the world. Racism suffured by asian people has different charistics but then again is not the same depending on the country they live. A lot of people from Portugal, Romania, balkanic country suffer from a lot of discrimination and mockery here in europe even when they can't be mistaken physically, just because people figure out their origin another way. Racism is about creating groups based on arbitrary, unscientific, often fluid and tenous differences. Using the concept of race within a country, even with the idea to fight its effects such as running statistics, positive discrimination can only promote more racism. > That's useless advice. Even Webcams from laptops as older as 6 years still don't work under Linux. Anything which has an Intel webcam for example is almost guaranteed not to work, outside of perhaps a couple of popular models (like MS Surface devices, and then not precisely "out of the box"). I have 5 laptops on linux at home, all but one being from a "pro" line (ie Lenovo thinkpad, HP elitebook, Dell latitude, all have a working webcam. I'd say with the exception of fingerprint readers which I never cared to test all the functionnalities have been working from day 1. I think anyone is safe provided you buy profesionnal models, don't buy the latest and newest tech and avoid nvidia GPUs. Unless you blindly launch all apt-get call with the -y command it will ask you for confirmation before uninstalling anything. If you say yes, it is not an accident but 1. your own decision 2. it is easily reversible. Don't tell me a large part of the population, especially in the southern states, would not still agree with segregation if they were allowed to. And yes segregation still exist in modern american society: https://www.epi.org/publication/modern-segregation/ https://ideas.darden.virginia.edu/segregation-in-2020 https://www.salon.com/2021/06/26/modern-day-segregation-in-h... https://www.diversityinc.com/what-does-segregation-look-like... https://www.studyfinds.org/white-flight-segregation/ >Would you say that the percentage of French ethno nationalists is above 1% of the population? Sadly I would say yes. I never said Europe was more enlightened or superior. I merely said USA is still using the concept of race and it is mostly cultural due to its history. Which means racism/discrimination issues are treated under a vastly different pane of glass. And yes it is fucked up but racism/xenophobia is a global problem. I never said europe fared better but it seems like mentionning US as a european triggered something that make US people think their country is under attack and they should just enter into negationism mode. Calm down, it is not a US vs Europe thing. More an ackniwledgement that different cultures react differently based on their history. The idea is not to hide the message but to condemn it and motivate people to not do that. This is the reason justice system has the concept of prescription. You cannot be prosecuted for something that wasn´t deem unlawful in the past and even if there was already a law about it we can't condemn you if we failed to do so within a not distant past. It pretty much cover you in case meaning change over time. The tech is not the law. > Now it's much better targeted It works so well that we usually end up get ads for things we already bought and do not need anymore. Doh! > These people would certainly blanche if suddenly asked to pay the full ad-free rates for all the services they enjoy, especially because the average person's internet experience is being subsidized to the tune of hundreds of dollars a month by advertisers Seeing that most of the web content is accessed through procrastination which is usually an addiction pattern. I tend to think forcing people to pay the real price would make them consider better if what they consume is really worth their time and money and would make everyone's life much better. It is like modern transport. Most people use cars and plane for anything not because it is only faster, but because it is heavily subsidized to make them more affordable. In reality if we made people pay the real price for their transportation they would switch to more environment friendly alternative, better air, more liveable cities. Sure everything would be probably more expensive, less immediately accessible, but also immensely more enjoyable. > And finally it's also somehow internally contradictory. What would it take to have a world free of annoying ads? Well, people would still need to find out about services, You can do search without advertising. Also mouth to mouth is a multimillenium old tech but but still works a lot better than what google has ever proposed. You make it sounds like google and meta invented the internet or made it so much better by itself. Sure they open sourced a few technologies and steered some evolutions but I don't see anything immensely relevant. Problem basing on reviews is that people mostly only review when they receive and test the product for the first time. Not many will bother finding the item and review it n months ago when the bad capacitors dies or they gave up frustrated by a recurring but intermitent issue. You can do that with iptables if you don't need traffic to be encrypted between vps and internal server. I don't really see where the problem lied but whatever. Sounds strange to base a (free) software choice on a note in an installer. If it can be installed with chocolatey, it can be installed in an unattended way. I quite like the epiphany / gnome-web functionnality to create "apps" out of separate website. Too bad it doesn't work with msteams and I wish firefox had that function as well so I can still use my extensions on thoses. Dtrace, zfs and smf were nice but came too late but they are things that appeal the engineer, not the manager that sign the contracts. And Sun was already on life support when Oracle bought them. Sure there was still a lot of companies still using mostly solaris back then - I worked for 2 of them as a Solaris "expert" somewhere during last decade - but all of them already had projects running about replacing Solaris for more cost effective redhat, even those that bought exadata racks. "expert" meaning I was still one of those survivors still young enough to be still willing to work in an operation team and having more than 5 years of experience administrating Solaris and AIX shit. I must say I loved the integration of zfs with gnome2's nautilus back then on opensolaris. I used it for a while as my daily driver at home. The real lesson I make of it is that we shouldn't use a cloud product or SaaS if vendor do not allow customer to request recovery or prevent the customer to manage its own backups. I know git is decentralized and no code is ever lost but github is so much more than git. Backups aren't mean to recover from outages. They are also, and I would even dare saying mostly, used to recover from human mistakes. If the vendor terms and conditions don't allow this, github is not a production ready solution. Being open source doesn't mean the people running the public searx instances aren't tracking you. Self-hosting makes you lose all the benefits of proxying. In the end be it ddg or searx you can only rely on some third-party trust. Apparently in Mexico it used to be the case 5years ago but nowadays you can't rely on Uber either anymore if you are a woman and you don't want to just be a dead raped corpse the next morning. Source: mexican gf and her family still living there. Not sure if the issue comes from Uber not giving out drivers info, drivers blaming someone borrowed their car but not disclosing identity of supposed borrower or police not even asking but it seems to be the true reality. Also a quick google search shows there are occurences of this in the USA as well. The fact the driver may be charged and found guilty after that sadly do not prevent the crime from happening in the first place. I never had to use gcc or git to poay hedgewars or any other free game. Game engine is not what is paying the developpers rent, and Stallman has always explained that he didn't believed artforms should be made open source. It doesn't sound complicated to me to understand that you can sell games whose code is open source but the 3d models, graphics, levels building and artwork aren't. Customer would still retain all free software liberties, be able to port the game to other platforms and the dev studios would still get paid. Care to explain which was killed? Neither centos nor redhat. He just reply according to where the cursor is placed regarding ethics. The same way anyone who think selling metamphetamines to vulnerable people and kids is unethical and wrong, then you should not do it and find another income to feed your family. Nobody is put a gun to the temple and forced to write proprietary software to make a living. There are myriads of other jobs. Well Cancun is not mx anymore. GF is from Queretaro, which is somewhat considered a safe place. She would not take an Uber alone anymore as she used to do. > You can't take passengers in a bike. I take my 8 and 11y old daughters on my old granny bike. One on the handlebar, the other upright on the rear rack. Besides you don't need passengers when everybody can take his own bike and chit chat while riding. > You can't transport large or bulky items. > > You are limited in how much you can transport (how much can fit in your backpack basically). False. Anecdote, I once bought a tree at a garden center. Everywhere I looked, people where struggling to put plants without spilling dirt on the trunk of their van/wagon. The only 3 who were fine were a pro with a pickup bed, a middle age guy with...a convertible and me...with a bicycle trailer made to carry kids. > Cars are faster if you are going more than about a mile - even including parking. Not so true. Cars are marginally faster or plain slower in many urban areas with lots of traffic lights and/or with heavy traffic. > You can't ride a bike in bad weather. Hard rain is very unpleasant, and snow is impossible. false. Hard rain is very unpleasant for drivers, most barely see anything. At least cyclists see where they are going. Also unless you live in a place hit by moonson, rain is rarely an issue. For the many days that forecast some rain, the actual chance of being riding at the exact moment it rains is not that high. There are not that manu days in a year hit by continuous rain all day long. Also I've commuted on snow for years, and more efficiently than many car drivers thanks to very efficient bicycle studded tires. In cycling we say there is no bad weather, only bad equipment. You wouldn't drive your convertible open during a thunderstorm, right? > If you live in a place with hills, bikes are just not practical. Not true anymore with e-bikes. Also fitness come with practice. > Bumps in the road, potholes, etc, are very dangerous in a bike You just learn to avoid them. Also skills increase with practice. Also there are bikes an bike. Using bigger tire volume help tremendously. Overall driving a car is much more dangerous. Despite the protection, odds of dying are statistically higher. Perception of danger in cycling is similar to people afraid of boarding a plane. Irrational. As is the perception of safety in cars. > CentOS, have you missed the news? Alternatives popped up literally days after the annoumcement of centos stream. We got back to original point. If you know the history of rhel and its clones, you surely know they used to be tenth of projects similar to centos, some much more active/reactive. The redhat funding of centos as a perfect rhel clone is more a parenthesis in history than anything. So in the end freeloaders still get exactly what they want. > Yeah there is CentOS Stream now, but that isn't what freeloaders want. I would say that isn't what some freeloaders think they want. All the feedback I get from people deciding to stick to centos stream and trying it out before a potential switch to something else has bern mostly the same: a lot of fuss for nothing, their life hasn't changed and centos is still meeting their needs. I guess if you have a recurring need for it you might be able to contact them to have access to some system on demands or a scheduled windows. In the last news it says the following: "The system will be up from time to time to help open source development - but it is closed to the public." No issue on my two thinkpads (E580 and Yoga 390), my Dell Latitude 5310, my GPD Pocket 2 in that regard. I have an HP elitebook 8140p that works well with netflix, hbomax and youtube but seems to have lower framerates with other video streaming services. Not sure if it because it uses the nouveau driver or because it is just more than a decade old. Your point is a bit moot because removing bios support will actually allow the maintainer to stop maintaining the bios parts regardless of the fact some other old things are kept. While actually not removing bios support won't allow you to get rid of the aformentionned MS techs such as fat support. Having said that I think this is a wee bit early. > You made a factual mistake: MBR/BIOS based boot does not depend on a specific filesystem, nor does it depend on a specific executable file format except for the boot sector. I never said that. I said removing bios support allows you to remove anything that provides bios support and that choosing to not remove it won't allow you to get rid of the EFI dependencies so it is a moot point to talk about old techs used by EFI. Tell that to all the bent Op-Z owners whose dials pop out randomly from the case. For thorough review, look for loopop as usual: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DqqKYAGsGo I would even dare say that all those small gadget are an environmental nightmare and unethical. I know those who build them are passionated people but when you enter something in the market you should have moral rights to not build things whose more than 80% of the items end up in a drawer or bin before at least 2 decades of use. Not that they are the worse offender, it is a global problem that touch both indie and big corps. They didn't have much to gain entering this market, especially as other were willing to do it for them already. Yes but AD is king and has been for many years and is virtually undethronable. You can authenticate linux and macos X users to AD, this is the only thing they needed. To compete with MS they would have had to build infra tools that are also compatible with MS product. This would have been a high risk low reward task. Licenses do not supersede laws. If you build a software and because of a bug it breaks something, that is fine. If you deliberately change a library to make any software running it crash and you know it is used among other things by software that control nuclear plants or elevators, my guess is it will probably considered a crime in most juridictions. This regardless of the fact said software makers should test their changes. >What if a kid who plays with this today ends up being the next XYZ who makes something positive for the world? That is so irrelevant. And regardless of the positive things said kid would bring that would not erase the waste ALL other devices have created. >If you are truly worried about there being more "stuff" your concerns should start with non rechargeable batteries, which are still produced in record numbers, and rarely recycled. These concerns aren't mutually exclusives. In all objectivity you can do much more with one single laptop than a number of synth/sequencers/controllers/groovebox. But: - we are tactile people - we like knobs and things that plugs into themselves (a sexual thing?) The 2 aformentionned items are partially solved by the the use of midi controllers but: - software instruments launched by a DAW lack relief - we like owning things - limitations inspire creativity - when using a computer you are all too often exposed to procrastination through the proximity of the web browser, communication tools / social medias notifications, etc. - some of us spend enough time in front of a computer during the day that once we are off we prefer not open it again - there are people who collect things - machines can be sold back, software licenses activated online usually cannot. - I would totally bring my Model:Samples or any other pocket groovebox/synthsequencer to shape some draft of music with headphones, I wouldn't bring a laptop there. It is, I have been doing diff of files from different remote machines using meld and gnome gvfs mounting for years. It works out of the box and is really mature. Only thing app that wasn't working well with gvfs was libreoffice. I don't know if it is still the case but it refused to handle a file gvfs mounted on my NAS regardless of the protocol (ssh, smb, nfs). > but you can't understand it or change anything" That is not true. SELinux is not hard to understand nor change. Most of the issues you might encounter are simply solved by changing a label in a file or directory. It is just not straightforward to debug and understand if you don't know it is there. I think most people who complain about it are multi distros/OS users and just only realize after losing precious time that an issue is selinux related. They make it so that you usually don't have too. You run into selinux issues usually only when you: - run some server stuff - try to serve a non default directory And 99.99% of the time you will usually understand the issue from the log file and just label the correct files/directories. All this without having to change a policy. Policy creation/modification is pretty much the job of a package maintainer only. I have been using Fedora daily for something like 7 years and have never had to write/modify a policy. The article originally linked is about some guy who do tests and run beta distros on prod and fiddle with his system by blindly copy/pasting stuff he sees in forums without really trying to understand what he does, then complain about his distro breaking on update. I don't think you can ever render your distro unbootable unless you do some very stupid things. And Fedora do not steer you to do those stupid things. There are just so many policies it is not practical to list them all if you don't need them. Only complain I would say is that sealert is not installed by default so if you want to have desktop notifications about an selinux issue you need to install it manually. I'd prefer it to be just a toggle in settings defaulting to no to decide to show or not show those notifications. > There are tools for interacting with the system, but good luck figuring out what they’re even called. They are mentionned in the selinux documentation of your distro. > Answering the question, “What do I need to label files that should be read by program X?” is waaay to hard. You’re expected to put your files in certain locations and then some things work out-of-the-box. However, there’s no documentation on where you’re supposed to put the files. The default directories are usually mentionned in the manuals of those programs. If you are using an selinux based distro, you know that if you don't use those default dirs you will have to label your custom dir. This is not hard to understand nor to do. Is it that weird editor they tend to put on our distro these days were we end up having a lot of i x r R :s/foo/bar :w and :q embedded in the text and that we need to close quickly in fear of adding syntax error before doing an EDITOR=vi ? oh I didn't say it wasn't solvable, just that it catches me off guard every time I install a fresh new OS. That was tongue in cheek. I would say the problem is not to not know which app you are using but muscular reflexes. Sames happen to me if I open gedit, notepad.exe or even an text processor such as writer or word. I had to put vim binding to make vscode bareable otherwise I kept making errors. No idea how true this can be. I know only one airfrance pilot but he did regular civilian flying school and flied for the french Army before applying for Air France training. Memory is blurry but I think at the time he needed some creds from previous flying experience to apply. Here in a coastal south spain city, the rule is pretty much this: weekly short term rental price in summer = monthly rental price for long term resident. So if you rent for 12 weeks between late may and end of september you already make as much money than having a rental resident, and can still rent more expensively than a short term resident. For example owners typically rent a lot to tourists during the hottest months and in autumn/winter/fall a lot of digital nomad are filling the gap. They also usually have done the math and can swallow the higher rent than a local would. Having said that, I don't want to be an owner here. Administration is horrible but basically everyone you will meet are either lazy or want to defraud you in some way and they have absolutely no sense of quality work. A friend of mine is renovating a small house all by himself because he got fed up by the locals. Maybe the end result won't be , but here the pros won't give you professionnal quality job anyway so at least he won't feel screwed. It is not about buying/delivering the app. It is about doing payment within the app once it is installed. In that case Epic is paying/maintaining its payment infra. Your point is irrelevant > One of the many reasons I switched to Windows. Linux is just too much pain for the eyes: Blurry fonts, screen tearing, ugh. Strangely I got given a windows laptop by my employer a few months ago and I couldn't stand the font rendering quality compared to my Fedora 35 setup. I think font rendering is fine on GTK-3 / QT5. I only upgraded to Fedora 36 beta on an highdpi. Judging from the issues on MacOS on smaller DPI I think the problem is universal and there is a fracture between the low and highDPI world. People using retina and 4/5K screens will probably be fine with GTK-4, issue is you can't force everyone to upgrade their gears, it is wrong from an environmental POV and a lot of laptops/monitors are still sold in FullHD or less resolution. well I did that and it still look shitty compared to my Fedora. I don't think any of those 3 could have been a good team player. They are entrepreneurs. So yes I am pretty sure you don't want them at your company. Well it depends on the potential agreement with the other authors, I would say it is none of our business if they don't complain about it. Not sure if it becomes "legal" to breach the GPL if original authors die though. If the main concern was not identity theft, I would just say consider it as a blessing and forget about google. What I would do now is concentrate on right now is buy a new comouter and phone, swap the sim card to it, shutdown all other connected devices, change my main password manager password, the login on each service / account I have in my password manager and change the password, email address and credit card number (get a new one from your bank asap). The point is that anyone who own my email account now cannot login to them or do some social engineering using recepts found in old emails. More often than not acccount recovery support ask you to verify your identity by asking you the last 2 to 4 numbers of your credit card numbers...very often the very same numbers that are left in clear text in receipt, you may still have some in your email history. Once done, do an offline backups of your other computers and wipe them all as well and factory reset your original smartphone. Start now and already call you boss to take a day off if needed it will probably take you more than a day if you have hundreds of accounts. A best practice should be to unsubscribe to any automatic newsletter and delete all mail that relate to an account so that someone who compromise our accounts cannot figure out which service we consume based on our email history. This is better kept locally without staying on the email servers. Most people don't do that because they want their email archive accessible from any device out of conveniency. I work for a company who's headquarters are there. It has great infras (railway, bicycle lanes), everything is modern but...it is pretty boring, lacking character. You can't create and buy a thousand years of history. The problem is it tried so hard to be a 3D movie that it was lacking in all other area. The movie itself was pretty boring with everything so predictable. Funnily nobody watches movies in 3d anymore I think? Looks like it was bust a fad. exactly. Best practice is to not click on any link in an sms/whatsapp. I don't recall any useful link sent by SMS. Whenever it is important it is always a warning telling you to connect yourself via the offical app/website eventually using the token/parcel code/identifier sent on the actual sms. Who cares how trackers look. That doesn't mean you can't have fun producing music with them. I own a Model:Samples, the battery is just velcro attached to it. This is not awkward, it serves as a tilt stand which is actually nice. The Deluge buying process involve adding to cart, pay. How different is it from anything else really? We are talking about boarding a plane? How boot time of the MPC Live/One or a daw on a laptop is relevant? Depends on the people. If you want to be safe to retire early, it is a good idea to keep living humbly while you are making a lot of mone and not adopt the Jet Set life. I've seen example of people selling their company, retiring early and stay low-mid budget. One particular example is very wealthy but live in a small house, drive a 10y old compact hatchback car. You wouldn't know his fortune just by looking at his habits. He enjoy more a BBQ with his neighbors than going to expensive places to eat and help around when someone in the village needs an additional hand. He is still probably spending a lot more than I do traveling on holidays and he has nicer furnitures but he is still doing it like most people do, only a few weeks a year when the kids are out of school. What he has is the ability to justify buying expensive but sturdy stuff that last, instead of things that break and have to be replaced on a regular basis. > Tesla dragged the rest of the auto industry, kicking and screaming, into the EV business. I would say that the advance in battery technology, the laws introduced by state of California and north european countries did more than Tesla ever did. Also the Renault Zoe, still top selling EV cars in europe, had her first concept car showed in 2005 and was on sale only 5 months after the Model S in 2012. The Leaf also predates the Model S.The 1st generation Tesla Roadster sold poorly like most other contemporary EVs and most of the sales happened in her last year in 2012. It was as niche as all other EVs in the market in its first 3 years of commercial life. The Mitsubishi i-Miev and its Citroën and Peugeot variant outsold the Tesla Roadster by more than a factor of 10. Almost 30000 cars between 2008 and 2014. What Tesla achieved was showing the wealthy people they could greenwash their way to the same energy wasting life by going EV. A good publicity stunt. The first Zoe was a concept car, the second one was a production model and it didn't popup from anywhere. It has been the most sold EV in europe for many years already. >Look at i-Miev and the Roadster and tell me which one do you think a typical car lover would love more. If you think that would've taken over the car market .. then you're definitely not in the same circles I am :-) The car industry do not care what the typical car lover love more. They have been a dying breed for more than 3 decades. The i-Miev and derivated counterpart sold 12 times more than the roadster because they are actually usable things and not enthusiast toys. It even outsold the Model-S in all the other markets than USA when they were both available. The Model-S,X,3 and Y success came much later. The automotive industry definitely had a more cautious approach in the upper end segment but they weren't sleeping. > The same with music, and inversely - a great song will still sound great and enjoyable on a really crappy car stereo. Not really agree on this one. I would say you will still like it and maybe enjoy it because this is the only way you can enjoy it while driving. But that doesn't mean it sound great. The issue is that most music is overcompressed these days to make up for the fact that most people are listening to music in hostile environment or with bad devices. Which make the difference with higher fidelity equipment less important. Without being an audiophile I have records from the 90's that only felt so great on headphones or decent hifi. The music was less compressed these days, there were much higher amplitude difference between parts of the song, instruments. Back in the days listening on the radio felt weird and flat. We just lowered the bar to the point that everything feel weird and flat. Like fast food or premade dishes that only have a general way too salty or too sweet tastes where your palate cannot do the sorting anymore of the different ingredients that have been put to it. I still think a decent hifi equipment would make a ton of difference for someone into classical records. Modern POP music? Waste of money. No they don't. They could just start the debian distro without network configuration and gui and end up with a shell, with a MOTD saying this is just a base distro and a full reinstall to a supported OS is advised before connecting it to a network. I guess they only do that because the FreeDOS name does not frighten the average tech guy who only used microsoft products as much as linux. I doubt that. Most likely it is an agreement that is seen as a win on both party. HP has no incentive to pay ubuntu for anything, and ubuntu can't get any new market if it starts asking companies to pay for it. And they could use whatever distro they want that do not have those clauses instead of ubuntu. > From what I've seen from comments of supporters on patreon, the community tends to be much nicer to the dev than typical forums. It's always strange to me that people who don't want to pay tend to be the worst when it comes to support and politeness. I would say that it is rather that only a small fraction of people pay, and those are usually the most satisfied users anyway to be willing to pay for the additionnal features. The platform has little to do with it. Why are people using "building" while all they do is merely assembling? There is no aggeessivity in my question. I assembled many model kits and it never occurred to call myself a builder. Model kit builder concieve the kits and or create parts out of raw material, epoxy putty and/or 3d printing. Similarly a bicycle builder will solder/bond individual tubes to build custom frame and fork, possibly custom stem and/or racks. A brand that source frame builts in Asia will but mount the ready made part will say "assembled in . Maybe I am picky with semantics but it strikes me as arrangant to call ourself builders when we just pick up and assemble parts. I do the same and I have 2 kids. Not using a cart allows you to gauge the weight of everthing and it is especially useful if you walk or cycle to the supermarket. Now I am working from home so I just go several times a week, I definitely don't mind doing that as the first thing I want to do when I stop working is having a walk or a bicycle ride outside. Before I used to do that when commuting back home. > Yes, I am saying that if you cook frequently for yourself, it takes more time to shop every day. I don't think there is a single rule. I depends entirely which day/hour you do the shopping and where. When I lived in Switzerland supermarkets were closed from saturday at 5pm during the weekend. Which means doing your shopping on friday night or saturday would take a lot of time as a lot of people were doing the same. Doing it any other day of the week was much quieter. I don't necessarily shop every day, but I do it several times a week. Also I don't buy my vegetables at the supermarket but at the fruteria (spanish place where you only buy fruits and vegetables). I mostly avoid premade dishes, I even do my own pizzas and tart doughs as well as bread sometimes. That means I am cooking every day. Problem with shopping once a week is I would have to decide for 7 breakfasts, 7 meals and at least 6 dinners. That is a lot of planning and live very little room for improvisation unless you are wiling to waste things or have a giant refrigerator which I have no room for in my european kitchen. And yes I enjoy going out for a walk/ride every day after work so it is not annoying at all. There is a lot of parameters to take into account, home space, schedules, shop opening hours, proximity, if tap water is drinkable and taste good...YMMV. Well anyway I couldn't do that whithout relocating. 1. my fridge wouldn't be big enough 2. I have chosen to live carless because I don't have my own parking space and it is very difficult to find a parking space at any given time of the day close to my place. 3. I can only carry 2 european sized grocery shooping bags and a small backpack with my motorbike (a maxi scooter as they call it) when I go there with my gf. I can carry more in a hiking backpack if I go alone and I could theorically buy a bigger top case, similar to the big cube the pizza delivery riders are using but that would still be less than a fully loaded shopping cart. > But I'm also trying to be careful to do proper threat modeling [1] so that I don't burn out, as the rabbit hole goes very deep. I have never been applefied, but my exit from google and meta is also a statement (that I wish more people would do). Think of it as putting your money (or rather privacy) where your mouth is. As nice there devices seems to be, they are never perfect either (see complaints about the keyboard) and it is fairly easy to de-Apple. The same is much harder for Google and in some regions meta, mostly of whatsapp. Yes. Alao furnitures. Though they are out of style I would totally accept the well made furniture my parents own than the shit we tend to buy nowadays at ikea and similar that don't last 2 moves. Problem is partner would probably not accept it. As said above, if there is more than one child the most common is that the no child can afford or is willing to pay his siblings their share of the existing house and it ends up split. Also most people have their own life/home, often far enough from their parents place to want to relocate there. I try to remind myself to print albums on a regular basis as I am pretty sure my daughters will be as happy as I am to go through old photos albums as the digital stuff will probably be hard to manage. What you are looking for is BigBlueButton: https://bigbluebutton.org/ It is targetting the virtual classroom market but it does general videoconferencing just right. > So how long does the microchip shortage continue? In my humble opinion, there is no shortage. There is however a huge priorization and a control of the production to elevate the prices. I guess some people in far east asia figured out they have power the same way as the founders of OPEP did in the 70's. Look at all the microchips based shit you can buy on aliexpress. Doesn't seem they are affected much by shortage. You seem to forget that bar exceptions (people working on the road all day), most passenger cars are staying parked 99% of the time and use for small errands. The aptera is also built to provide up to 1000miles in its highest spec out of one complete charge. If I was still using windows I would totally block everything and run a wsus server in a VM that has a vlan and firewall config. The issue is you can only control your firewall at home. Whenever you are out you are pretty sure that MS and Apple bypass any rule you'd put on the local firewall. I prefer running sane operating systems. The aptera is still plugable and you would still benefit from the efficiency even in sorry sad UK...And I have seen nowhere anyone saying it was for everyone. It only have 2 seats and limited luggage capacity for a start, it won't replace a family van. I live in Andalusia where decent sunlight is all year and I would love a similar thing with 4 seats. With only 2 I don't really see the advantage over using my motorbike which is much easier to park. They don't state you shouldn't ask the parents (and also invite them) to complete task 2. Unless you look like a crackhead or beggar, anyone would lend his phone for a few seconds/minutes. Not true. Most people aren't using and can't afford the flagship models. I personnally have never bought a smartphone more than 180€ and I know a lot of people doing the same thing. My password manager is locked by default but I have a second android profile that I switch to when I hand out my phone to someone else. I imagine iOS has a similar feature. I don't want my kids or a friend ruin my browser history. Last time I dropped my phone in the sea, I got a new sim card the next day from my operator, reactivating all the 2FA shit isn't too complicated as long as you keep the same number. It was annoying but 99% was taken care of as soon as I had the sim card. The only thing that took several days was access to a bank account I have open in a remote country as I hadn't given them my latest address and they had to do back to back verifications, shipping me codes then calling me to verify the same person who was on the phone was living in the place he pretended to live, then sending me back 2 different letters one with a new password, one with a code to activate 2FA. I also handed out my phone to a drunk homeless guy who wanted to call a friend so that he can lend him money to go back to his country of origin after an unsuccessful attempt to start a new life here. Monthly payments exist and some people use them to pay for a flagship phone but most people understand this is just diguised credit and they'd rather have a cheaper subscription. Also I've seen people do that drop/lose/get their expensive phone stolen and then pay for almost 2 years for a device they don't use. The replacement is usually a lot cheaper and they realize their life is not that different with a cheaper smartphone and don't repeat the experience unless they are social status show offs. 2) Author mentionned it came with the place. I don't know, 25 years ago most people didn't even have a personnal computer at home yet they were forced to learn to use desktops from windows, os2, solaris cde, mac os or sometimes just an arcane text based terminal. Not so long ago people were still working mostly with a fullscreen curse based window from a telnet client. >The main problem, at least in my experience as a user, is the fact that Desktop Linux is janky to use. Unless you have the time and patience to learn about all the subsystems and fix the issues that keep cropping up, you're going to want to just spend the money on an OS that "just works". OSX is obviously the best in this regard, but modern Windows with automatic driver installs comes pretty damn close. When was the last time you used Linux, 2003? The only problem with Linux is manufacturers that don't advertise support of their devices and that there are way too many distros so you can't have one ecosystem like you have a windows or macos ecosystem with certified devices. But if you stick with Lenovo thinkpads, brother printers and bog standard everything running a Fedora linux is like running a macos with well supported devices. We'd nerd having all kind of hardware sold whose compatibility is well tested and sold under the brands. Gnome evolution too. If firefox is the bottom, I don't really understand where do you put chrome or edge. Abysses? There is a lot to say about Mozilla management but Firefox the browser is really good. > no interest in learning text editing Why is this relevant to the use of gimp ot libreoffice? I never had to open a text editor to use gimp or libreoffice (well apart than writer itself duh). > It's just clunky and frustrating to use, and there's no sugar coating that fact. Having used both as well as alternatives (like paint shop pro and some others), this is mostly resistance to change. You are used to photoshop so anything with a different paradigm will feel unituitive. Same with libreoffice and office if you don't care to understand the concepts. Resistance to change is a strong thing. Objectively, macos and windows desktop are slow and clunky interfaces compared to say, gnome3. Yet many people even among linux users hate the later because they have been used to slow and clunky and don't understand smooth. > You can be as smug as you want with your "2003" comments, but the reality is that it's simply not fit for purpose as a general purpose consumer OS. Tell that to my girlfriend who swear against her windows 10 laptop that takes 30 minutes to be usable at boot and who 99% of the time end up borrowing mine to get something done. Do you call that fit as a general purpose consumer OS? > For the 95% use case it's fine but the 5% where stuff just breaks is infuriating. This applies to all OSes. > I don't want to navigate between a bunch of files and waste time editing config files for hours. Not something you usually do on Linux but well. > Give me a UI that tells me how to fix my shit. My understanding of the UI on proprietary OSes when something needs to be fixed is they don't tell you at all how to fix their shit. You just enter an insane loop of "please wait while we fix your issues" dialog windows which almost never solve the issue. At least in the FOSS world you can usually look at the logs and understand the error. Open the windows event viewer and you are mostly faced with codes that you have to search online for a signification. So basically the idea is to not have a life until you are ready to retire. I hope you don't get diagnosed of cancer at 45 when following such a strategy. Having said that nobody needs that insane amount of money to own a property comfortably in Europe. 80k/y is way enough. The fact there are differences between a software and hardware synth doesn't mean that: - you could spot it isn't the real one outside of a comparison test. - you would prefer the real one in a blind hearing test - it matters once the sound has past through effect, the composition has been mastered and compressed. - it matters once lossly streamed, playing on the typical shitty bluetooth speakers and headphones while in a noisy environment which accounts for the majority of the context where records are played. I would say to be totally correct those are more smartphone mounts for EF lens given the weight and rigidity difference. It is local, purely happen between the shimano di2 junction box on the bike and the bike computer. In that case it is legally broken and or there are terms within the contract that would assume penalty if done afterwards. I assume it would have been easier to reverse engineering than sign a contract as there would be no annoying term. Campagnolo is pretty much niche nowadays with a less dense dealer network and few OEM contracts. Look at Campagnolo like Ferrari, only offering select high end items for the road while Shimano is more like Honda offering anything from the little Aygo to the Acura NSX and also offering SUV/trucks. Sram would be more like Mercedes, tackling the mid range to upper end but skipping on the really lowest end. As underpowered as it was I somehow miss my pixi. It was just so tiny and the keyboard was surprisingly practical. The convex shape of the keys made sure you wouldn't press 2 keys at the same time. I did much less typing errors than I do know. You don't. For me time off is to go ride my bicycle, spend quality time with my kids and/or girlfriend, go to the beach, socialize, cooking, drawing, fixing stuff at home, do stand up paddle or other activities, mostly outdoor. We are not made to be laboratory rats. We need to spend time outdoor, interact with people. Sure there are a lot of dev/homelab stuff I'd like to do, as well as make music, books I'd like to read. But at some point you have to accept you don't have time for everything and I choose to dedicate that time on healthy and outdoor stuff first over things that involve a screen like coding, video games or netflix. If I wasn't working in front of a computer, maybe it would be different. I haven't checked because I don't have a mac but it really depends if they have decided to increase support life and security updates of the previous macos release. You don't really need Ventura if your current release is supported a long time. I usually use head or less for that. Using cat for first look is usually looking for trouble if the file is huge or some binary file. Just find another job from a remote friendly company. It is not like it is hard to find these days. You don't need to quit until you have found it, just work as you always did and state that you can't move until next january. You have virtually no risk anyway, the market is on your side. I am french and it is true. When I come back from visiting my family in France I even complain about my compatriots habit of complaining about everything! Sounds like almost a week of additionnal days off from both cloud vendor and local power outages. :) This. There are studies that shows there is a pandemia in some countries of heart and other health problems directly associated with the lack of sun time. And in contradiction to what suncream vendor would say, this can't be solved by vitamin D supplements. I don't know. The rare time I use vscode instead of neovim I always end up with a lot of random characters into the code and have to close it without saving for fear of having broken something. You call that user friendly? Which editor did you came from to think vscode start fast? msword? Which gap? There are so many plugins. The only use I did of vscode this last year was to use the drawio integration and now I am doing diagram as code when I need to with mermaidjs or python diagrams and no longer uses it. You seem to not be aware that intellisense LSP support is available in many other editors than vscode. See my previous comment. LSP/intellisense support is available on vim/neovim and many other editors. It is not like it is an exclusivity to vscode. Also many people actually configure their vscode to use vim-like keyboard bindings because they actually like the separation of the different modes. Macros, substitutions and search commands are useful for many things and an editor like vim/neovim/emacs is not only used for code. Nobody ever talked about typing fast. Exactly my experience. Always start with a conversation... "you have never seen that movie ? let's play it" "wait I don't see it on netflix, neither on prime or disney or...I should have bought the vhs/DVD/blueray at the time." Not sure if you can find most +2y old movies on torrent platforms, last time I checked I couldn't find what I was looking for. I lament the death of local videoclubs where you could rent movies from any decade. > What I find truly bizarre is how many software engineers, [...] are so resistant to paying anything for tools that make their job easier and faster. It blows my mind. What I find truly bizarre is why you bring this up in this discussion. The mentionned link is about a developper who switch from one proprietary to an open source software, both being free as in free beer. The rest of your post is about being a fanboy of Jetbrains. Sure you may like it and are free to do so but I don't see what is difficult to understand that other people may have different preferences. > The amount of time I saw people spend on tuning, fixing, tinkering, debugging and otherwise modifying their .vim or .emacs files Are you making things up? I only tinker with my neovim init file whem I want to add a plugin, which is adding one vim-plug line and command and don't take much more time than adding a plugin for another IDE. Most people have their preferred settings that they migrate from one machine to another. I used an example vim init file from someone else and only did a handful of changes that took me probably less than 10-15 minutes over as many years. > - discontinued: Atom just got discontinued. It's open source. Photoshop on the other hand has withstood the test of time. If you like Atom and still want to use it, you can fix potential bugs yourself and make it evolve, you can't with a proprietary one. You can also fork if project take a different direction that you would like. When gnome3 came up, some people who preferred the gnome2 desktop metaphor started mate and cinnamon, the former forking gnome 2 to port it to gtk-3 while the later forked gnome3 to adapt it to work more like gnome2. > - you'll never have a guarantee that a tool you invest time in or money in will be the leading tool in five years. Nobody has to use the leading tool. My preferred IDE is neovim which is kind of a niche project. While they are the leaders there is no reason for me to use Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code if I am not comfortable on them. There is nowhere mention about money in that article. > This anti car shit is so dumb IMO. This is anti-petrol, not anti-car. They haven't banned the sale of cars. You realize it is the same developer and can leave thunderbird whenever he is not happy with the direction it takes? Them having a legitimate reason to believe anything doesn't change the fact that the detainee should have been released with their passport of origin if no charge has been filed and/or they haven't been declared culprit. Regardless of the price jetbrains intellij based editors are so slow they are borderline unusable. > I cannot imagine the economic pain if the former federation was suddenly divided by a hard border, as Scotland and England would be. It doesn't have to be, even if Scotland was part of EU and not England. UK and Spain/EU negociated maintaining some of the Schengen rules for the Gibraltar/Spain border despite its status still being disputed by Spain and a bumpy history. There is no reason Scotland and rest of UK cannot have a treaty allowing soft border. I am not sure what is misleading in the title. What is missing however is the percentage of crash per amount of cars registered with and without assistance equipment and per brand. I have no way from this article to know if it fare better or worse than other brands and/or traditionnally operated cars. >Application Lifecycle Management that still requires Internet Explorer. That is so ironic. Love it. > As long as you don't commoditize piracy too much, it's fine. Still, I wouldn't call that piracy at all. As a non subscriber they open their door to you, offer you a counter and tell you you can lurk anything until the counter say you have to leave or pay. But that counter only really work if you accept to put batteries inside and turn it on and nobody is really bothering to check. Also they chose to use drug dealers methods knowing very well that network effects will make you knock at their door on a regular basis. Choosing to ignore that counter would be unethical/rude the same way taking photo in a museum that prohibit them is. But none of this is piracy. Can't those xlf files be stored in a separate repo or in an object storage and let the build system fetch them from there? How hard is it for you to put a sticker on them, color code them with a posca pen or sharpie something on them? Not a lot of people have tons of cards AND need to carry all of them 24x7. Besides having multiple cards from the same bank do not means they have to be the same colors/design. I have 3 from a unique bank and all are different. Banks keep changing the design of their cards and it is rare to get all your cards issued at the same moment. Well, there is monorepo and monorepo. Git was primarily made to host code, not necessary artifacts. I would categorize those files as artifacts and in my opinion it would still be a code monorepo to have everything else on a single repo. The silent majority is just using wayland without complaining because it just works. The Gnome dev do not force anyone on anything, especially regarding parts of the linux desktop they don't develop themselves. This is just conspiracy theory. This is just a shitty conspiracy theory in your head. People who have been choosing nvidia gfx cards in the last 2 decades to run linux desktop are these kind of people who tend to accumulate shitty life decisions so they can pose as victims and blame the states and the whole world to be against them. You can't really raise the nvidia flag in an argumentative in a linux desktop discussion unless you want everybody to know you don't really want things to work well. It only depends on motivation and time dedication. Anyone can be a developer. Also if you go past the 3 main desktops there are many many window managers, standalone launchers, panels from which you can pick up the pieces you want to build something you like. >They are code files managed by a different set of people (translators), not generated artifacts (as they explain elsewhere in this discussion Translations do not look like code to me. Rather human generated artifacts. What I understand is there is a strong tie/match needed between versions of these translations files and the code itself, so I believe this is where having all in the same repo would make sense, having the translators update those file when code has been modified... > And if you mean that we should get rid of even more roads for bike lanes, you are actually going to restrict people engaging with distant relations and friends. That is utter bullshit. You could dedicate half the secondary roads to non motorized traffic and add a separates bicycle path alongside every highway and fluidity of the cars traffic wouldn't be affected at all. It would even improve. There are a number of bicycle tourers who adopted pets, mostly cats and dogs while travelling. It complicates a bit the "administrative" part to get accross borders but it can be done. Small ones can ride in the basket provided they have ample shades, there are dedicated trailers for dogs and there are even dogs who get used to jump in and out of a simple platform trailer to run or get carried depending if the road is flat, going uphill or downhill. Even better on a tall bike https://youtu.be/WcdA4D9IyLM What does it do better than simply installing any decent linux distro? > The software updates are automatic, unobtrusive, and almost instantaneous. Multitouch input stack actually works. You can attach and detach displays as you like without anything weird happening. I don't know about that multitouch thing and what it provides (is it similar to using 2 fingers to scroll down), I never have any weird thing happening when I attach/detach display and I would describe my software update as automatic, unobtrusive and fast on my fedora laptops. No idea what "binaries highly optimized with profile guidance and link-time optimization" are though. Doesn't seem so extraordinary then. I would treat the last point as a con more than a pro though. > I mean, phone cameras will literally always be better than laptop cameras. They're just a lot bigger. Sony RX0. The things with webcam is nobody want to spend any substantial amount of money on a third party usb webcam and nobody is willing to pay his laptop 10 or 20% more because it has a quality camera inside. Nobody wants to spend that amount of money on a webcam. People would buy second hand Sony RX0 for that kind of thing if that was the case. It has but we are talking about touring, not racing. Once you start putting panniers it is game over as far as speed is concerned anyway. This is a reason why there is kind of 2 worlds in term of bicycle touring / bikepacking. Those that ride very light and focus on efficiency with very light hardware, one set of clothes/change, a bivy and a tarp but no capability to cook and would have meals and dinner on the parking of a supermarket or in a café. And those that truly set camp and will carry a lot more stuff and possibly walk the bike for a bit or grind very slowly when they encounter a very steep climb. I personnally feel that Facebook is way too powerful. I don't want to use whatsapp, I could use any other messaging app and I'd rather use something open that is decentralized. But nowadays if you have to work with small business, it is either inconvenient by phone, or text based through whatsapp, many have abandonned the email (I can understand why). If you have kids, all the associative world use whatsapp by default to keep track of all the details about your kids activities/training/competitions. Nobody update their basketball club web page anymore. Heck, they don't even update or post on their facebook page, all his done on messy whatsapp groups these days. If you refuse to use whatsapp you can just tell your kids no more sports in a club for you. If you have remote friends and you stop using whatsapp, you can still call them once in a while but good luck convincing them to call you on a regular basis. Some may do but most won't. People have forgotten what a written letter or a regular non video phone call was. It is not that you count less than their other relatives, but they will reach other people so easily you will just disappear from their life natuarally and gradually if you are too far away. It is either you swallow it or you live like with only a tiny and very local social life. you are kind of forced to use somehow google backed products/services, but you are not forced to own and use a google account. Bank apps are accessible through the aurora store for example and many work well with microg instead of google play services. But is it? I don't think iphone market shares are large enough to make a company like tumblr die. Well in europe regulations have kind of forced 2FA (which is not bad in itself). At the beginning most banks were relying on sms but most of them are phasing it out. Problem is instead of choosing a TOTP which would have been compatible with any OS/device they favor their own proprietary app with a push based solution. This suck. No idea about other continents but my MX girlfriend is locked out of her own MX bank account until she go there to sort this out because she do not have her original mx phone number anymore. Globally it is less than 20%. Maybe argument if you are downvoting? This title and the linked website is strange. Regardless of the story and who is at fault, I wouldn't expect a company to hire again someone it had fired previously and I understand an HR department acting in a cautious manner. I also dismissed candidates that seemed ok on paper but had that huge red flag in their history. Yes you can only have the smaller passes. But taking the GA is really convenient. You just enter every public transport without thinking about buying a ticket. I had a general abo for years and decided against renewing it when I moved to a job 3min of biking distance from home, I missed it dearly despite owning a car. You are drunk after a late night. Some sort of public transport will bring you home. You want to do some hiking today? You just go to the nearest train station and decide at the last minute. You want to go to that music festival/concert on the other side of the country? Take the train, have a nap, chitchat or share a meal with your friend for a few hours without the stress of traffic, looking or paying for parking a car at your destination. Train is great, it allows you to move from A to B while basically being at the pub. You might not need to access your whole country but once you realize you can you use that opportunity and realize your country is much deeper and more interesting than you thought it was. I tend to agree with the comic but it treats about "online community". In the case of youtube we are talking about a platform. While it could relate, up to which level do we consider that it is a private platform? What about writing something on your own website that is hosted on a vps and you end up terminated by the hosting provider ? What if you end up terminated by your ISP and your mobile vendor ? Do we have to draw the line and if so where ? Only if you own the car in the first place and wouldn't part with it by any mean. Owning a car is brutally expensive. I think the problem is not what it does or solve. I have used jira in 8 companies, maintained an instance in 2 of them and I have never seen a fast one nor figured out to make them fast. Any single click you do on it reminds you of the time when people were waiting literally minutes to be able to do anything when booting windows on a laptop with 5400rpm hard disk. Whatever help it is for your company, it makes you pay for it with billions of swears. Why do people keep talking about something that doesn't even exist? Be sure to check the hydra level song of thunderforce III. Possibly one of the best video game music ever. Well you can't really get laid if you spend day and night playing video games and binge watching series. Every time I broke up I was mildly welcoming some time for myself but never managed to be single more than a handful of weeks. And I don't consider myself particularly more attractive/interesting than everybody out there. Any X-only diet doesn't seem healthy to me. There is no magical ingredient and we are omnivorous. Sure you can reduce weight with many types of different diets but it doesn't mean it is good for your health. It is better to develop good healthy habits than you can maintain for years and also while socializing and living in family. Since it is a webapp running on electron, I chose to install microsoft Edge for Linux and use the web version of teams. It also handle output/microphone devices changing much better than the app and is more stable than the windows app. Well most obs users like the facility of composing scenes without having to check how to identify each window/input/source. I tend to favor cli tools but we are talking about video software and the ability to have immediate preview is really comfortable. Also I don't think ffmpeg can switch scenes comfortably. I am using obs to create some video tutorial at work. I could record different rushes but I find it more convenient to record a single rush with different scenes and cut the hesitations or repeated moments due to bad prononciation or cough or whatever afterwards with avidemux. However this give me an idea about a tool that would export scene composition and video output settings to ffmpeg argument for easy reuse. It is true that if you don't have an usecase where you switch scenes it could be handy to start a record/stream from a command line. For example I have been ripping some videos from my streaming services so that my daughters can watch the movies on a plane, works great for that. Didn't bothered using ffmpeg because the preview allowed me to be sure I was recording the correct window without realizing 2h later I had recorded trash. Surely there are better ripping tool but at least this way probably do not attract attention from said streaming services as you are recording in real time. That is the reason GranTurismo was soo popular. It was quite a shitty simulation but visually really good and accessible to everyone. However hardcore simracer were just glad other sims like Assetto Corsa exist. Looks to me like MSFS is the way to go for someone who wants planes with the same "granturismo" approach. In that particular case the openoffice name was trademarked so they wanted to find something bearing a semantic ressemblance. What was your suggestion for a name and where were you when it was time to choose it? ? Now when I will hear libreoffice again, what will come to mind are clueless illiterate gringos ridiculing themselves on hacker news. I guess you were already a generous donator back then already then! shoulda woulda Can't discord's web version share a screen? If not, why? If the only issue with bt is sound, there are some usb dongles that are recognized as a sound card and do the bluetooth part outside of the OS. You have to trust the manufacturer though. If there are other requirements such as file sharing, they usually can be done easily another way. I am not sure who and why would anyone using openbsd want to mount an ntfs filesystem on a regular basis to do large transfers. > Never got compromised. What makes you 100% sure you would have figured out? That is not true Like 1 Billion people in the world are native spanish or french speakers and understand libre verbatim. Add to that most people speaking a latin language will also understand it despite the slight difference in spelling. Most people speaking english know the word liberty and those that have an IQ higher than an oyster do figure it out easily. Additionally you don't have to have a connection for a name to work. I mean there are a lot of software used by millions of people without them never ever thinking why they are called like that. Which is an horrible practice and has roughly the same attack surface as login as root all the time. this is not safer. I mean it is running a daw so... I think there are two valid reason to call some grooveboxes daw-in-boxes: - if it has a song mode allowing one to do a complete composition without having to record his live performance - if it allows the installation of audio plugins For example the akai mpc series are basically computers running linux and the mpc software DAW preconfigured to make use of the physical knobs and pads. Same for the NI Maschine+. To me they are Daws in boxes. However an elektron machine will be more a groovebox. More throughput means more storage space needed at destination or faster loading / offloading speed and more local delivery rotation which won't be possible in final destination. >Do you find it odd that most people buy chairs capable of supporting 200kg when they know that no one over 100kg will ever sit on it? I guess you never had sex on a chair. I know a number of mexican people who hate that dubious automatic America / USA association. How is "not being a top performer" an insult? Not everyone is born/made to be a top performer at work. And that is fine, especially as it is probably the least interesting quality in a human being, especially outside of work. Even by cyclists standard, 6% is pretty mild. Is referring to my previous comment where I said it was pretty mild. The road in my backdoor that I use for my short cycling climbing loops is averaging 5.8% over 18.8km, from sea level to 1100m. It is only difficult because it includes 2 small descents in between which mean that some parts have to be double-digit gradients, including one at +17%, to reach that final elevation. Appart from that 17% part it is still considered a relatively easy climb. So is it a hill? Yes. Is it a really small and mild one, also yes. And I've seen people climb it with some 2-3 decade old 26" MTB and I climbed far more difficult climbs with my 13kg (28lbs) fat bike and my 15kg (33lbs) full suspension trail bike. Seriously, we are in 2022. If it is important, someone will call you or reach you by instant messaging anyway. I don't understand people setting up gazillion of email alerts/warning per day. If you reached that point you don't rely on notifications anyway so it is better relying on a synthetic dashboard showing you what is ok and what needs attention. > And DMs from people are annoying. Annoying people will be annoying whatever the medias but at least on instant messaging platforms you have only one thread per person, that you can actually choose to mute/ignore. And you can put yourself offline whenever you want. What is their fault is how slow it is. >What are the equivalents for Jira ? One equivalent that does everything and is as flexible as jira, I don't know. There are however a multitude of software that provide some of the functionnalites or can do many things jira does but in a more opinionated way. It depends if one's company want a tool flexible enough to suit gazillons of different workflows with integration with many other tools or not. If the goal is only to have tickets and kanban boards I think there are many alternatives. >What are the equivalents for Jira ? One equivalent that does everything and is as flexible as jira, I don't know. There are however a multitude of software that provide some of the functionnalites or can do many things jira does but in a more opinionated way. It depends if one's company want a tool flexible enough to suit gazillons of different workflows with integration with many other tools or not. If the goal is only to have issues and kanban boards I think there are many alternatives. Funny thing is jira is such a mess Atlassian introduced jira service desk more focused on tickets while the former can also do that. Sometimes you find bugs more eaaily by compiling same software on different OS. Diversity is not a bad thing. Also while the asahi project made great work I could have seen a good incentive by having a well supported open source OS that run on new Mac Arm series and doesn't need reverse engineering every time Apple release a new proc. That is me hoping Apple would have also released the drivers as open source drivers but I am probably just dreaming/being naive. I am surprised of such a low number. ISP and mobile carriers have been supporting ipv6 for years already. Is it because a large portion of the traffic is done through corporate enterprise networks and proxies? Enterprises are the ones slowing down the adoption of ipv6. Who is to blame is irrelevant. Because if you are on duty for production issues you may not be able to put your entire smartphone in do not disturb yet you don't want to be woken up at 3 am because some coworker send you something non critical. Having separate devices for personnal and professional stuff helps. I can't speak about iOS, I used it way too long ago but both Android and most messaging platforms do not provide ways to have flexible do not disturb policies depending on multiple parameters such as sender/timeframe/app/format of message. It is usually a mix of the global do not disturb function for the OS, the global notification parameters per app and possibly some mute options on a contact/channel basis but that is not time range capable and only works on a blacklist instead of whitelist model. We like it or not, spam, corporate and commercial harassment made so that many people have dropped email for most intra team communication a long time ago and barely check it or only once a week. Main private laptop is an HP elitebook 8440p from 2012 and it works perfectly fine with modern web and streaming, currently running Fedora 36. It came out with a core i7 and it supports up to 16GB of ram. I upgraded it to 12GB a few years ago and an SSD. Caveat: it was a model from the professionnal line, came with free ram slot and is easily disk swappable. The same could not be said of a model from the consumer line that would have had its memory maxed out at 2GB. This is were things like browservice comes to the rescue if you have a bigger machine available and only need more independent terminals: https://github.com/ttalvitie/browservice Also rdp/freenx/x2go/vnc can help. That doesn't make the old computer a full independent desktop but it can avoid sending a perfectly good keyboard/trackpad/monitor in the landfill. And unless you are a dev, 99% of the time you need a browser you already have network and won't point to localhost so that remote faster box can be connecred through vpn anywhere. Dunno my companies all used regular sms, teams or xmpp in the past. I don't think any coder (or any professionnal required to type a lot) need to look at his keyboard anyway, I don't think their eyes would suffer regardless of the color. I am pretty sure part of it is also some kind of greenwashing move to abstract away your carbon footprint. Like exporting pollution to far east by producing there. Sure there are tools to calculate your energy/carbon footprint from cloud workloads but if you don't operate a datacenter yourself anymore you can't be as much accountable as the cloud vendor is. But there will surely be a backlash and an - at least partial - return to operating your own datacenter for some companies in the future. Sure but they should be taxed heavily based on height. The heavier vehicles are, the more maintenance and faster the roads wear out. That road maintenance need to be financed. My first reaction would be to look for a bicycle/car tire that blew up. Is it? I replaced the nvme drive on my thinkpad with one from a different brand and it worked straight away. I tend to see them as the easiest path when looking for a good opensource OS compatibility as many Linux and BSD devs are using them. Yes these are the unexpected one that hurt you. When you are taking a step back, or when your kid is crying in the middle of the night and you walk to his room all lights off and step into one that was left somewhere in the house (not necessarily in his room). Only if you are used to hiDPI in the first place. And your computer suddently burst into flame if you aren't using the latest version? You don't have to. But I don't really see how it relates to efficiency however since all are VMs running their own kernel. It doesn't change anything that they are different versions or not. Saying it is a secret while it is full of tourists every summer is a big stretch. Religions are mostly a way for people to overcome the fear of death. Religious books, practices and leaders are used to control people or justify laws using said fear as a lever. They may be considered secrets internationnally but they aren't really. All the mediterranean coast is packed with tourists every summer. The difference only is on the individual restrictions in urbanization, natural parks/parking space limits that makes that some areas are better preserved/less practical to visit. By the way, regardless of the exact place the best way to enjoy the mediterranean coast is to dial your habits/schedule. I can literally see the mediterranean sea from the office I am writing that comment and only have to cross the street to enjoy some beach time. By 11am the beaches are just packed. What I usually do during summer time is go to the beach/sea before work and 2h before sunset when most tourists are leaving the beach to take a shower and dress up before going for dinner. When I go doing standup paddle between 7 and 9am the beach is the cleanest and empty. In portuguese the word for the bird is peru, probably for similar reason. All it takes is opening a window really. I am pretty sure is numbers are skewed by summing RES which include for each process the shared memory. So he is basically summing things that shouldn't be summed. Who asks for wifi in 2022? Everybody has a mobile data plan these days. I am actually surprised to hear Pokemon Go is still on and there are still player. I thought it was a fad years ago tgat had gone extinct. I guess current players are now so ashamed they avoid talking about it or making it too obvious. I don't think it is user agent based. I think they just detected some js wasn't run by the browser. I don't have any godaddy account to try it out but I very often get captcha to respond on on websites with a message saying my browsing has been flagged as possible bot access. I am using ghostery on firefox. adblocker / js blocker and privacy extensions can trigger that. I get similar error for different websites or gets additionnal captcha to answer because I use ghostery. Those that haven't died before of electric gremlins. Agree on this one. I went to a concert this week. When the concert started, thousands of smartphones were raised in the air and many people spent an awful amount of time grabbing ugly videos with saturated sound. I was guilty of grabbing a 1min one. Do we really enjoy the moment as well when grabbing everything. I doubt it. Any browser that do not have a multi-containers features is unfit for use in 2022. My experience is that taking pictures is only worth it if you print them quickly and put them in an album with comments. I and my daughters will very often grab a photo album randomly in the living room and enjoy remembering those moments. The digital albums? They only serve as a backup thanksfully synched remotely in case my house burn. Normal non pro photographs human beings have very little energy to organize/tag/process their pictures, they mostly lie forgotten until google photos remember them of those moments, more often than not showcasing the ugiest badly framed photos. Thanksfully, the part that suffered the biggest increase are the parts (food, drinks) that you can bring to the venue or skip (parking) by doing things wisely. "You can only wring so much blood from a stone. The problem of declining working class comfort can't be solved by belt tightening forever. We, as working class folks need to start banding together and reclaiming our portion of profits. " Best way to do that is to create, participate and or support the non industrialized entertainment, not crying in the clouds. That are so many free/cheap sports to watch, more than often very locally, why sticking to the high dollar working class milking stuff? There are so many cheap yet interesting cultural stuff happening, why going to the big theaters to watch blockbusters? There are so much stuff to do in the woods, national parks, lakes, rivers, why going to entertainment parks when you could be doing fun stuff outside with a lot less money? Like it or not, we aren't talking hifi and you may not love their specific coloration but the audio quality per form factor and price of bose bluetooth speakers is quite great compared to alternatives. I mean there are certainly better ones obviously but my soundlink revolve and my soundlink micro are much better than the models from other brands they replaced. Reliability however may be a different thing but I have not treated them very kindly to say the least. I also bought a Bose noise cancelling headset 2y ago and I would say it is quite good, I think the only great alternatives in the same price range are from Sony, the Yamaha, Apple ones are much more expensive. Maybe other decent alternatives would be from technics or sennheiser? I used to be on call too and it sucked. At some point I even bought a personnal pocket laptop specifically so I can still go on bicycle rides when on-call, I also did paddle surfing with phone connected to a bluetooth speaker so I can go back home in case of alert. Now that I am working for a company who has team members in all timezones this on-call thing doesn't make sense anymore. I understand some companies are not in a global market in term of customers but I don't see why their IT/dev teams couldn't employ people from all over the world. You are much more efficient responding to alerts during your own local office hours than when you were just woken up 30s before in the middle of the night and can barely open your eyes with the laptop backlight on. Obviously doesn't apply to the one taking care of datacenter duties. But then you look at the average speed of cars and you realize that in most urban area it is roughly the same as the cyclists. How many stupid motorists kept screaming their engine when I was commuting just to pass me then come to a screetching halt behind other cars at the next traffic light while I just pass them back to the front of the line. Imho individual cars should be banned except maybe for people with disabilities. They simply make people hateful, angry at everyone and generally unhappy. And an awful lot of space is wasted for them to stay parked most of the time. Between 15 to 50% of the existing roads should be dedicated to non motorized use (depending on the geography, moutains can pose some challenges at times), the rest to a dense network of autonomous buses and last miles autonomous delivery trucks. Long range goods transport should be allowed only on railways, we could remove space used by multilane highways to reallocate them to rail. All I see is it remove the motivation barrier and just create waste for the sake of creating waste. Another devices that people buy, tinker with it a few hours then sit in a drawer for years until it will be binned. More than a nice hacking tool, this is a pollution and waste of resources tool. There is nothing positive about that. "Yes, the one with the touch-sensitive buttons." Aren't all buttons touch-sensitive by definition? What does it means? Does it supports different levels of pressure? Does-it support not pushing them but just contacting the surface? you mean those have feelings that can be hurt? ^_^ Having the technical possibility doesn't mean you have the moral, corporate and legal rights to use that possibility. Be it emails, databases, file servers, anything reading content from anything else but a test account/db/folder is a no go for a sysadmin/dba unless given explicit consent by the user owning that content. Also, night trains. Who cares if it takes 8 to 12 hours if you board the train, have dinner there, sleep a good night and have breakfast before arriving. It is more about how much patience do you have than steering angle. I don't understand why anyone would choose that over a motorbike. This is a definitely something that should be pointed at every time we mention the movie. This is something that drives me crazy. A B and C are talking with no single hesitation, then D who come from nowhere and didn't follow the conversation already know what to reply to everyone. I watched Twin Peaks for the first time only 2 years ago during covid lock down. It was refreshing to watch something at much lower pace. In french it is called esperluette. There are different theories. The most convincing one is it came from the occitan language where "es per lo et" would translate litteraly in english to "it is for the and". Sounds similar to the origin of ampersand. This is a very old symbol and occitan was the primary language used by more than a third of what is known as France until very recently. Yes this is one of the other theory which can have some weight. The reality is it could be a combination of the two. People from northern areas of what is now France would have initially using et, per se, et then et, per lui, et while the occitan speaking part would have used et, per lo, et and a merge would have taken place somewhere more recently. Same here english is not my native language. There are many other errors that makes me cringe, like people writing "could of". Most of them are done by people whose english is their primary language. But on the other hand I also see people doing similar errors in my mother tongue. You are not alone. I love it being easy to use keyboard driven. I like that the virtual desktop are dynamic I love that on my Lenovo Yoga I can use it as easily as a regular desktop or like a tablet (you haven't appreciated reading the hacker news comment until you start doing it on your couch with a screen in portrait mode). My only gripe is I wish I could dial the titlebar height depending on the context. I am still waiting where he social engineered? On the other hand they act like they owned the street and you have no rights to be there. I have been annoyed by a film crew filming a netflix series for 2 x 5 days this spring around my house and it was fucking annoying. From the screetching tires and the horrible smell of that saab 900 they had chosen for one of the main character while I was on videocalls, to preventing me from actually leave my house and start my motorbike to do some errands and leave cigarette butts in front of my door. Not a single warning a few days before so I can accomodate nor a compensation for the annoyance. Additionnally it may not be entirely the fault of tge film set but the police would put signs only the night before and tow all cars still parked in the street the next morning. Nice for the people not in town or who simply don't use their car everyday. Well the film crew were still rude with the people, most of them having no idea what was happening before seeing the equipment nor having experience with how they operate. > What should the consumer to do? Don't use cloud streaming services and purchase your copies if you don't believe in cloud streaming services. It is as simple as that. That is untrue. Also you named it: service. Not everything is a service, and not all services are required. While you can't easily avoid insurances, bankings, healthcare, internet/mobile provider you can easily avoid spotify, office365, netflix, evernote or telegram or a gym subscription. You usually can with a bit of research or asking for it. You are however not certain it won't change. No it wasn't because from the start these were called "chevaux fiscaux" and nobody was mistaken the 2 kinds of horsepower. At the time nobody cared about the real horsepower anyway. Until the late 80's the only benchmark that people view in term of car performance capability was the top speed and at a lesser level the 0 to 100kph numbers. The first speed limits had been introduced only in 1974 and at first been presented as temporary measures. > I rather not spend time messing around with my own OS (my workflow aside) and leave it to other people. I don't really understand what "messing around mean" in your context. Exotic things like slackware or alpine aside, all major popular distros now offer unattended updates, easy upgrade path between major releases. Your vscode, neovim, jetbrains whatever or emacs do not work differently from one distro to another and since nowadays many external stuff is either distributed as static binaries, containers or flatpacks or appimages everything is quite straightforward and not distro specific. I guess we should expect our isp to start banning us without giving reason in the future too. On the other hand if they are completed you could just keep a tarball. I want to see high-res pictures of that device after 2, 5 and 10 simulated years of use. > agree this is a good attitude and start off point for parents-to-be but I have to agree with other commenters that it is impractical and goes out the window pretty quickly unless you have nerves of steel :). Imagine for example being on a flight with a toddler throwing a tantrum, for the sake of everyone's sanity an iPad is a wonderful device. It doesn't have to be the kid's iPad though. We have a "family" nintendo switch. I sure don't mind if they play with it on the plane, but at home they only have access to it on request and within a limited time. Same as for a laptop if they want to watch something or my eldest daughter's phone. There is no way these devices stay in their room either. I give them an allotted time, and all these devices need to get back to my office where the charging cables are once time is over. And if for some reason they try to cheat and use the fact I am busy with something to not take notice they are still using it, they get punished for a week without access to said device. In the end I am glad my daughters are so creative and spend so much time drawing, building things with cardboard, glue and tape, or play outside. Usually screen time is limited to when I am cooking for dinner, after they took a shower. They still aren't stranger to tech but don't need to be hooked on social medias. My daughter's phone is mostly used to play music and for whatsapp, as well as camera when we go out. But since her time on it is limited, every comm is asynchronous and doesn't end with her having to answer to every single notification right away. I am in the same camp, my roomba is collecting dust (pun intended) in a corner. And they are so noisy and take so much time. From furnitures that aren't compatible to kids leaving socks on the floor or the gf laptop charging cable or ... these things get stuck all the time. I bought back a regular vacuum cleaner and mop manually. It is not that big of a deal. Actually the floor is the easiest and fastest part when it comes to cleaning a house. No you can just buy another one on the spot if repair lead time is too long. Silca do not have their own stores but they are distributed through regular brick and mortar shops too. That would be illegal in some countries. So basically this is for people who bought and use noise cancelling headphones and want to put back noise in their life. What about...removing said headphones and listening to the life around you? And even better, open the window? Common, these are only two letters. N and O. > You'll become "the guy who doesn't respond to GitHub issues" and that is going to backfire on you because commercial software or other projects are going to be coming and saying "you see, this open-source software is not maintained" I fail to see how it would be a bad thing. > Keep in mind that Oracle is the copyright holder of ZFS. So you (and Ubuntu) are violating Oracle's license terms. Would be realy interesting to see what happens if Oracle decides to sue an Ubuntu user. Would Ubuntu step in to help? There is nothing in the CDDL that prevent a user to use ZFS with a kernel under GPL license and no leverage for Oracle to sue the end user for this. The end user is not distributing the software. Ubuntu or possibly an hosting provider or a company incorporating ubuntu in its product does. Not sure what do you want to prove with that anecdotal point. I've seen coworkers spend a month or 2 with both their new and old mac or windows laptops because they weren't seeing the end of migrating their stuff from one computer to another and setting up their dev environment. Some people are just bad at this. They works great when conditions are ok. As soon as there is an outstanding parameter they fail spectactularly. We can also talk about AI support service crap with accounts banned/locked without the user having any way to know why or prove he didn't break any terms of the contracts. > It does sound hectic, but it's not hell, because he loves what he does, and clearly loves his wife and kids. That sacrifice (on the part of him and his wife) is for those they love. Well I love my kids but I still think in retrospect that it was a shitty decision to have kids. Things aren't mutually exclusive. Having said that I am not saying anyone ought to regret having kids or that it is a shitty decision for everyone. > Eh, it doesn’t feel like work for me. I really enjoy my partner, she enjoys me, and I don’t think we have to do very much “work” to maintain that. For some people it isn't until it is. There are many things that can break a great relationship. Routine, lack of common projects, financial difficulties, personal struggle of one or both. https://git-scm.com/docs/git-send-email Actually twitter is fine on a mobile browser provided you use an account. What I miss is the multi-container extension on fennec/firefox mobile. I keep using those sites in incognito mode but that mean I can only use one at a time. Well I respect that if you don't want to participate that's fine. There are still way of using an alternative web frontend like nitter. You are talking as if open source was a single entity. This doesn't make any sense. You have to take into account that the open source software constitute a very small fraction the overall software both in term of quantity of products and in term of developpers involved. Also there is a lot of innovation in open source software, the thing is those are often not seen nor directed to end users. Because many open source projects are initially started by developers and not by product design and marketing teams, the most successful open source projects that make products that solve developers problems or meet their needs. What about OpenSubDiv by pixar? https://graphics.pixar.com/opensubdiv/overview.html What are better proprietary alternatives to Kubernetes, Nomad, Docker, Podman? Aren't the most widely adopted web servers and frameworks open source? I am only naming a few areas. If it allows you to work without losing 5 to 10 seconds at every click you do on jira, I don't call that fetichism. Part of the reason a lot of work is never logged anywhere is because the tools are way too slow/cumbersome to be pleasant to use by users and this is a problem for every corp. It is not solving the same problem but back when we were working more with pets than cattles I worked for a company that had a nice tool installed on every solaris and linux machines, it allowed you by a single command to say exactly what you were about to do or what you had already done and why. Everything ended up in a remote database with a simple but efficient dashboard allowing you to know the history of every server. I think you could also attach the output of the script command. Adoption was great because it was quick and easy to do. I wish I could remember the name, I wouldn't use that at work anymore but for personal log and homelab it would be nice. I guess nowadays I could just do that using logger or create a shell function that send a json to an elasticsearch or solr instance for easy indexation. Those people can look at a dictionnary when they don't understand said word. I am not a native speaker and I do it all the time. It has never been easier and it enriches my language, why would I want to avoid that? "English words in your posts that not everyone will know?" How do you define that? When I am on a videocall with my coworkers and want to fill my glass with water, I like being able to go to the kitchen without having to undock and drag my laptop all over the house. Same if I need to find something in a shelf. That is pretty much the only reason I use bt headset. My bluetooth are ok until I reach the kitchen table and fridge because they are close to the door. It starts doing robot voices and cutting out a few step further. Just refuse the meetings you don't/can't attend. The meetings overloads are totally unrelated to the fact employees are working on site or remotely. It happens in both models. > Naw. Two years isn’t enough time for large organizations to fully devolve into tiny silos of people that never collaborate outside their immediate team. > [...] > Everything exists on a pendulum and it is gonna swing back in favor of real in person work. How do you think companies that have team spread across different continents have been working for decades? Why do you think apps such as slack and msteams were already heavily used and popular in the workplace before covid hit? In my experience it helped companies realize their onboarding sucked in the first place and was relying way too much on oral tradition. They were forced to act on it and implement processes that make them much better than before. For example it was not uncommon before covid that you'd start in a new company and you either didn't even have a computer ready or were missing lots of accounts to even think about starting and do something. When I switched company a bit less than 1y ago, I received all my equipment one week in advance, got a 3h meeting with HR scheduled on my first day at 9am, a list of mandatory and mostly useful trainings to do that I had to complete in the first month. Those helped me a lot get through the eventual idle time you get when your coworkers cannot dedicate time for you in the first days. I was also assigned an onboarding buddy that I could annoy anytime to help me navigate through anything I didn't know. Never saw that kind of efficient onboarding before Covid. Looks like lots of efforts to recreate the crappy MacOS X UI and user experience. I mean it was fine and less a mess than windows has ever been but it barely evolved since Nextstep in term of UI paradigm and feels dated nowadays. The interesting part in Apple products is mostly the hardware. I hear a lot of people saying that. What I find out mostly is their last experience of linux on a desktop dates back to the early 2000 and or crappy distros like ubuntu. So basically you played with fire(nvidia) and got burned. There is one way to run nvidia stuff on Linux and have a decent experience: run a distro that actually support and has partnership with nvidia, which mean a distro like Redhat Enterprise Linux. It has long term support too. It is the same with Apple or windows if you start using shitty drivers from a shady brand you will run into issues at some point. I feel gnome3 is a much better/faster/ergonomic. It works great regardless if you are a keyboard, mouse or touchscreen heavy user. My only gripe is I wish firefox would integrate it better instead with an UI similar to (now defunct?) Eolie web browser. Also I haven't spend enough time with it recently but I think kde plasma has the flexibility to be probably as good as gnome. I just don't like the default settings and have always been too lazy to dig deep into it. I used to love kde3. >Well, that's one way to look at it: you need to carefully pick your distro, make sure it's compatible with your hardware, and so on. > >My way is rather: I don't want to even pollute my brain cache with that. I That is exactly what you did by choosing Apple. If you go on the redhat website and choose certified system you can pick your hardware from any vendor the same way you choose your Apple machine on the Apple store. The earlier versions weren't as polished as what we have right now and it felt like we were missing features that were working fine on the latest gnome 2 release but this is all in the past. It happened in 2011. Ironically the same happened in the kde world a few years before. I had been a very happy user of kde 3.x and kde 4.x happened to be a crashy pos and it only really got better with kde5. The difference being that on linux you are for the most part free to implement the keybindings you want. Example on Kitty, my current preferred terminal emulator this is just a few map directives away in the config: map ctrl+c copy_to_clipboard map ctrl+v paste_from_clipboard map ctrl+shift+c send_text all \x03 >- don't even mention printing Sounds strange because both Linux and MacOS share the same Cups software for printing. AFAIK Cups main developpers are employed by Apple. I haven't run into any hiccups these last 15 years. Everytime I was in the market for a printer I just verified it was supported well on openprinting.org. On my current printer I just needed to install one rpm. Compare that to all the crappy software that was installed on my gf windows 10 laptop, involving a reboot, annoying popups telling you about ink level on every print and an app loading up at startup to stay in systray. I like to mention that I used for 18 years a scanner on linux and bsd perfectly while it was out of support in Mac and windows since 2001. It wasn't even a device that would have used very old connectors impossible to find on modern hardware. It was using USB! In that particular case I don't think that Mac really accounts for what you'd call a "Just Work" experience. For the most part and in most countries, including wealthy ones, people born after 1980 don't really expect to have the luxury of being able to retire at all. I also bought a GPD pocket 2 to be able to do bicycle rides or socialize without having to carry a large backpack while on call. Ironically there is not a single electron app I ended up using in the long term. For all of them the web version ended up being superior: always up to date, running on a properly secured browser and on which I prevent any external tracking, ads, when I allow or not access to my location, webcam, microphone, etc. Why don't you use a regular computer plugged to the TV? All you need is a wireless keyboard+trackpad combo. With firefox and an ad blocker I don't have any youtube ads. Also netflix shows start faster on a browser than they did when I was using a chromecast. What do you mean by "unconfigurable". Gnome boxes on my distro has an "Edit Configuration" button that allows yu to modify the libvirt xml config. I'd say it is more user friendly than virt-manager if you want to deploy quickly a vm to run a live environment. Also the ability to pause the vm automatically when not accessing it is nice when you just want a separate vm to access, say, your ebanking or want to run quick tests. It is less user friendly than virt-manager if you want to do a lot of customization but it is still configurable as you get access to the vm xml file. So if you have a cheatsheet or a text file containing usual additionnal configuration you need it is just a copy/paste away. I have virt-manager installed on my laptop but I still use gnome boxes when I want a vm for quick tests or specific dev environments, when I want to try out a beta version of a distro before committing to upgrade mine, or if I need to run some quick tests on a specific distro that I use somewhere else in a more critical environment. You can do a lot of things in Preferences --> Resources --> Edit Configuration. On the other hands 2.4GHz is perfectly fine for a lot of people. Actually I often select 2.4GHz on purpose at home because 5GHz works really bad with thick walls and I barely get any network in my kitchen and rooftop. People will say it is easy, setup a mesh network or some powerline adapters but: 1. It is much more expensive 2. It is not practical in an old flat with very few power outlets, especially when you are not the owner. And I don't really run into use case where running 2.4GHz limits me. They are respectively larger than cars that had similar interior space 40 years ago. Saw a review of an old peugeot 505 wagon. It was way smaller than the current Toyota Camry but you could fit 8 persons and still have larger storage capacity. It is rather the cars that should slow down to 30kph in cities. I have been contemplating buying a bullit cargo bike for years but on all but one place I lived I would have had the storage required to store it inside. Can't see leaving a 5 to 8K€ bike in the streets. I am using a trailer and some front and back panniers instead. It is not entirely as practical as a cargo bike when you need the cargo but it is impressive the amount of shit you can still carry and the trailer is stored when unused. > Outside of some developing countries I've never felt threatened by cars, but I've been just less than a second away from death or permanent disability because of bicycles in Helsinki, Berlin, Tel Aviv etc. What less than a second away means to you? I think there is a bias based on perception. When people see a cyclists going in their direction they assume said cyclist will ran into them on purpose while a bicycle comes into a complete stop in just a handful of meters and can avoid objects easily. I am not condoning riding fast and recklessly in path shared to pedestrian and cyclists and I tend to lower my speed at barely more than running pace but a lot of that comes from perception. One other example, I have been riding MTB for years in swiss Alps, in trails shared by hikers and mountain bike. If I am in a descent I tend to go quite fast when visibility is good and I can see what is at the exit of a corner. When there is no visibility I will reduce my speed dramatically to be able to stop for any hiker, cattle or whatever that could be in the way. The thing is braking hard on a mountain bike with aggressive tires on dirt/rocks is quite a noisy affair and involve a bit of sliding, which is fair and nice. Hikers on the other side of the corner would often end up being afraid by the sound and shouting insults at me like I was a criminal while I had preventively braked to a safe speed in order for anyone to be safe. Perception bias. In later years I started braking much earlier and in a longer distance has to do less noise, removing fun just so that people are less afraid. It didn't change a thing regarding their safety. Sad. Isn't relying on your window manager the best UX instead of relying on universally bad tricks from web devs? >As far as I understand it, anything a user installs with pkg that isn't included with the base system is installed into /usr/local. > >For me, this is a nice benefit because I can know that anything installed into /usr/local can be removed and won't break the basic system's functionality. This organizational structure I think is also just very sensible imo. I don't really see how it is relevant. First I don't see why would anyone want to randomly remove things. On my linux system everything that I compile or install by myself goes to /usr/local. Everything managed by packages goes to /usr, any thing that comes from a precompiled tarball is better installed in /opt. How is that different? What I liked about freebsd when I was using it was the handbook that was fairly complete. A number of reasons: - bikes aren't registered, very few are marked and second hand buyers never ask for papers and proof of purchase - Locks that can defeat battery power tools for more than a few seconds weight like boat anchors and you wouldn't want them on your bike. - market is such that you can steal a bike and swap it bike for money the same day - it is easy to steal 10-15 bikes, load them into a van and sell them in a city 500km away. I wish people would stop buying bikes without asking for a proof of purchase. It should be mandatory that any purchase of a bicycle should include a paper with a copy of ID/Passeport and addresses of buyer/seller and the serial number of the frame. Those things happen at scales too. The best idea to reduce theft is make selling stolen items more difficults. Most bike thieves don't keep the bikes for themselves. Which means global mamdatory ownership registration. Having said that it is very easy to steal only a handful of parts with mostly basic tools but I guess we could also have a tool to associate parts with ownership using serial numbers. The rest is just bandaid. Who is subscribing to all of them really? It is actually mentionned in the article that typical streaming spending is around 20-30$ per house. Also, despite not being allowed by terms of service most accounts are widely shared accross families and friends which mean most of us pay for only one service. Have you opened aforementionned link on a smartphone? I did and it renders well. Plain text is responsive by design. Also the browser on my phone allow me to dial font sizing in 3 seconds. You can do n months on one service, m other months on another. Especially when talking about series with seasons. I don't usually mix series and follow one at a time It can take me a 2 weeks to a month watching a season, why would I be paying for another service at the same time? I wish I had discovered this before getting rid of my old android 4.4 tablet. That is mild inconvenience. I would tend to say that if you watch shows on a daily basis you are probably in an addiction pattern. You can always use your friend's netflix account if they have it. By showing netflix content to people outside of your household you are already breaching terms of use anyway. This is done for real estate or cars, do we talk about surveillance state? >. Crap like that was always on rented content since the VHS age, nobody cares and nobody enforces it :) Which is exactly why I say that you can uae your friend's account if they visit you and you agree on watching something you do not currently have access to. What about installing fennec from f-droid? Doesn't work? They cannot because they are struggling to maintain growth. Imagine they start banning all shared accounts, a wild guess is that 50% of them are at the very least. That would make them lose so many customers at the same time they wouldn't be able to recover from it. This + all the false positive from household members travelling. People would be so pissed of they would turn to other services that do not crack down on shared accounts before going back to netflix. What suck is what people came to do with email. Using it as notification system? That is a big no to me. Are you joking? - there are public transports - 10km is a 20min to 40min bicycle ride depending on level. The east side of Dijon being quite flat this is totally not a pita to do, more like a pleasant easy exercise every day. - A lot of people would run 10km before and/or after work to stay fit which can easily be combined into commuting provided showers are available. - in a lot of places in this world people are walking that amount to go to work every day, or even to get vital water supplies. The Rarámuri people living in the villages at the bottom of the Barrancas del Cobre (copper canyon) in Mexico aren't strangers to run that amount uphill every morning to go to work. I don't think there is any real, verified, universal connection. Do you really think they care? Why in hell would you put your email address in a public space in the first place if you care about spam? > Also, were diesel cars only getting those high mpg due to cheating the emissions limits? I never saw them in the US. Because you guys like huge heavy cars full of unnecessary toys inside. >Both of these can be true at the same time. True but decades of this has shown that people and their elected gov don't give a damn about trying to curb this by law and policing so we both know given the current state we are on our own to protect us about that. Well I have been cycling on the roads since I was 12 and I have cycled to work all my career but the last 2 years so I know what a busy road is. It is hard to talk about safety / how stressful riding a bike is because it is totally personal. I am used to traffic in a way I am not hyper anxious on the road while my gf is literally frightened in the traffic and it is not entirely corelated to the actual danger. For a 35km bike ride (used to do that), you definitely want a shower. For a 10km mostly flat ride? Take it easy and you should be fine just with a short cleanup and possibly t-shirt swap in the bathroom. I've been known to ride with studded tires in the winter, works really well. It is actually safer to ride a bicycle with studded tires than a car with winter non studded tires on black ice in winter. It means a bit of investment in a dedicated bike/wheelset though. Same for riding in the dark. Blinky 5€ lights won't do but reflective wearables and decent bright front and rear lights can do a lot to increase visibility and safety. A toshiba one whose bootloder was never unlocked. Reminds me a bit about the screamer serie. I think it does get widespread support. I am pretty sure they would welcome your pull request. Because they count on the fact that transfer rate is so slow people will really realize this too late. I guess this kind of business create an account on amazon, aliexpress and others, scam thousands of users for a month or two, close their accounts, create a new one before they get annoyed by disputes and everything. fennec is up to date on f-droid, currently version 104.something The one I am missing the most is the multicontainer addon and regardless of their respective performance differences, a firefox with an ad blocker is faster than a chrome without one. > And parents printing color-in pages of Elsa and Anna I can relate. I probably printed more coloring pages than anything with my printer. It is not a strike if they are working normal -non overtime- hours. Did they do any concerted activity to prevented their employer to hire more people? Additionnally, regardless of the diet a key is to relearn to eat slowly. By eating too fast we tend to feel satiated too late. I am not nearly attracted by ebook readers but I don't have room for hundreds or thousands of book. Public libraries FTW. First the linked article would do with a bit of proofreading, it is painful at this point. The market is mostly driven by portuguese government offering low taxes to people retiring in the country. This won't be sustainable in the long run as all those people retiring now likely got less kids than the previous gen and will gonna die soon. This is a bubble that will pop in the next 20years when the amount of people dying and properties being put on sale will be much greater than people willing to retire there. Also it is not like all these properties sold didn't benefit portuguese people. I read somewhere that there was a raise in bicycle factories in Portugal. Some euro companies are attractee by the idea of being able to put a made/assembled in europe label while keeping labour cost low, avoid asian supply issues and portugal provides that. It is as mussel IQ level thinking as drivers who raise the "but cyclists don't respect the traffic lights" flags whenever something is discussed about road safety. Is that really a problem? That doesn't make it right to lie. That is such a strange example. Whenever you get a laptop you usually get a docking station which is a hub. Desktops have plenty of ports. OP should have mentionned something like a real world example instead of an example from the late 90's: a ram upgrade, something to improve ergonomics (vertical mouse, special keyboard, chair/desk) or the purchase of a new software do get the job done more effectively. A developer is more likely to wish a 5-10$ per month subscription to a software/service than a specific piece of hardware. Author do not mention the frictions of going the other side (gmail/hotmail/live): - you might not receive all the emails people sent to you, for the reasons mentionned in this very article - you will receive much more spam/unwanted email. I quit using a gmail account because I kept reveiving newsletter and notifications from other people who kept mistaking his account with mine. There was probably a one letter difference in their real email address and mine. I surrendered and gave up trying to tell his relative they weren't reaching the right person, only had fun once by powning his NAS with a "cloud function", and gave up after receiving tons of newsletters and other shit. - you can lose your account any day, for any reason without any possibility to get it back. I've seen it happen to 2 people with hotmail. I am pretty sure in modern days most people have easier access to 1L of water or 1kg of flour than a fist sized rock. > In Fahrenheit: 0: very cold to people; 100: very hot to people. > > In Celsius: 0: not that cold; 100: I died 50 degrees ago. Celsius 0 and below, warning there could be ice on the road. Hot/cold is too subjective. My relation to heat/cold was not the same when I was living in north of France, Swiss alps and now in south of Spain. The author confuse being environmentalist with trying to reduce her carbon footprint. Environment is not all about carbon footprint. Reducing...or rather not increasing as much global warming doesn't help reducing the 7th continent or the micro plastics/graphene/whatever life threatening microscopic waste we are sending in the environment. The emergency was 50 years ago. If you really want to curb co2 emissions significantly, the only effective way would be to nuke the USA, Europe, China and sterilize all but 5% of the remaining world population. Anything else is just greenwashing at this point. My 8 and 11y old daughters love playing it. They really don't mind the old card design. We also built a "circuit" with cardboard where we use my old micro machines cars to visualize our trip. We also play with our own rules where there is no need to find a greenlight after reparing/changing wheel/refueling the car. Otherwise it is always the player getting the 'véhicule prioritaire' (aka firefighters card) who win and it spoils the fun. > We can have both if we're thoughtful about what indulgences we allow. Which we don't because we fear losing comfort/commodity and can't agree on modalities. Or you could make proprietary software illegal. There are web hosting plans at less than 3$/month. There are also community hosting networks offering different kind of hosting services for a small sum / year. Here is an example of such a network mostly france based but I am sure there are same kind of initiatives all over the world: https://www.chatons.org > This is great but what the article is about that you're underestimating is the decision anxiety and subsequent complexity of arriving at the specific configuration you've posted. The same can be said about finding your static site generator, your favorite social media, the color of your car, your home deco, the race of your next dog... If you want a life where people do the choices for you and stuff edibles into your mouth, there is one easy solution: a nursing home. Are the filesystem used on bsd and linux distros patent encumbered? Isn't UFS2 simple enough? Funnily I would have said the same thing, replacing vinegar by sugar. I am an atheist and as a french who lived in the Paris surroundings for years I got some tears when I saw Notre-Dame de Paris burning. I guess it is more nostalgia and the loss of what feels like a constant in our life. The more they stay the harder it is to see them go. Having said that while I am not the kind to wish for heads to roll I think it is a good time to realise you might not wish to allow someone else take her place and be an expensive parasite now =) > I think most people would prefer William, but if you'd have waited over seventy years to become King of England, how likely do you think it would be that once you'd finally become King you'd pass it over? I don't know, if I never had a job I am not sure I would want one at 76! > Older software like this runs extremely fast on my newest hardware. Surely you mean more efficiently. I would hate my music being speed up :-) Is there even a modern nethack interface? Not with k3s. But still, for a single or less than 3 machines and/or in a single location I don't see the point. You are meaning modern like 1991 then. I've seen the same with people at the office disappearing for a long time. I even found out once we had a coworker taking naps in the toilets seat and one that got fired after years of setting up fake meetings while he was playing golf or running errands. You can't be on everyone's back all the time anyway and this do not really happen in a well managed company where everyone has a real purpose, goals and has to report on the job done. > Even Mozilla can't compete. Apparently they can't but they still do. Typing this from a mozilla browser. > realistic Having looked at the project and followed a few serenityos updates videos and if there is one word I would do to describe Andreas Kling and his contributors is that they are realistic about what they do and do not. Some people started setting cars on fire in a number of neighborhoods randomly in my city the last few weeks during the night. One of these fires happened next to my bedroom. First car was traditional ICE but the second car was hybrid and water was useless on it. The firefighters came up with a second truck and stopped the battery fire using a special foam. Interesting note, the fire was propagating from the back to the floor - where I imagine most of the batteries lies - to the front engine bay but never burned in the cockpit area. I guess those battery equipped cars have some additionnal isolation to protect the passengers. There are many people bypassing the limit using hacks or on some cheap chinese kits just by going in the settings (usually a button combo, knowledge widely available on the internet). Yes it is illegal but in the same way the 50cc mopeds are supposed to be limited at 45kph (27mph) and all the kids always modified them to go faster. I believe there has always been more unrestricted 50cc mopeds than legal ones in the street. Only some old people kept them restricted. Most people are willing to take the risk of not getting insurance coverage and a fine once in a while to gain a few minutes per day and be the king of the road. Most only have third party insurance anyway and a bicycle or a moped don't usually create that much physical damage to other vehicules. It only becomes ugly when people hit pedestrians but thankfully and for obvious reasons it is a much rarer event than car drivers doing it. > I was wondering why more cities don't try smothering battery fires with sand. Because it is much more annoying to clean the street afterwards than foam and water. oh yes that Almodóvar movie was really weird. I remember feeling a bit nauseous in the end. Scale down the speed of your processor and you quickly see what a resource hog jetbrains IDE are. I would say their main problem is the amount of bathrooms available per person. They put the quotes incorrectly. Normally all the titles should be about incest or pedophilia like on the real websites. The strange things is why there was never any helmet law passed for cars and truck drivers. Let's say western europe then. While you can't control all the outside parameters we also don't tend to drive them the same way.