I can't speak for Share This, but here's some actual data for AddThis from my site, http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ : Past year: 1.5 million visits, 4.7 million pageviews, and 108 "saves" via AddThis. In the past month, 40% of saves were for Facebook, 40% for Google Bookmarks, and 20% for browser bookmarks. Go to UC Berkeley. Is that realistic? Running random AdSense + 20,000 people a day = "more than" $1,000 a month? The reason I ask is that my site gets about 7,000 unique visitors a day. If 20,000 = $35 a day, 7,000 = $12.25 a day. I make about half that. I don't recall seeing any articles on HN about advertising options (AdSense vs. AdBrite vs...) or optimization. (Though it's possible I've simply missed them.) Any good resources I should investigate? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ You just need a bit better ads. I'd be quite happy with better ads, but my understanding is that one's control over what AdSense ads display on one's site is limited. Using the "competitive ad filter" you can explicitly block specific ads, but there's no opposite analogue: you can't say what kind of ads you want to run on certain pages. The ads that run are up to Google's discretion. It does its best to determine what the page is about and shows ads accordingly. Perhaps I need to tweak the template text, meta description, and meta keywords - but again, Google has final control over what ads are run. Do you think the ads are improperly placed? Thanks for the feedback! I actually used to have the big vertical ad ("wide skyscraper") in the right sidebar (where the "Subscribe to updates" etc. boxes are) but it performed terribly. Putting it where it is now increased clickthroughs by something like 10x. BTW, Google's AdSense terms "[prohibit] placing ads under misleading headings such as 'resources' or 'helpful links.'" https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=... > I'm not sure whether to be annoyed that their installer messes with my system configuration... Could you add more details / post a link before I try installing? I didn't see anything in the release notes, etc. Thanks. I took a class from George at Berkeley. We used Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and Its Challenge to Western Thought as the text. Absolutely fascinating stuff. The article ( http://edge.org/3rd_culture/boroditsky09/boroditsky09_index.... ) is well worth reading. She explains that English speakers will usually refer to a "short movie" or "long movie," and that Spanish and Greek speakers will usually say "small movie" or "big movie." Then: "Our research into such basic cognitive abilities as estimating duration shows that speakers of different languages differ in ways predicted by the patterns of metaphors in their language. (For example, when asked to estimate duration, English speakers are more likely to be confused by distance information, estimating that a line of greater length remains on the test screen for a longer period of time, whereas Greek speakers are more likely to be confused by amount, estimating that a container that is fuller remains longer on the screen.)" That one parenthetical sentence blew my mind. Edit: Added some missing context to the article quote. > I wonder if he really will? Really will what? "Bill Gates recently bought the rights to a series of lectures by legendary Caltech physicist Richard Feynman." Do you mean spend money to open source books? > Keeping very many bookmarks or history items seems to destroy performance... Amen to that. I have ~12,000 bookmarks, and FF3 on Windows takes ~10 seconds to both start up and shut down. > Why would you have that many bookmarks? Why shouldn't I? Firefox 2 handled it fine. Automattic has released their TOS and privacy policy under CC-SA. http://en.wordpress.com/tos/ http://automattic.com/privacy/ How much karma do I need for that privilege? How so? > "Uh, I'd love to say we have a plan," Torvalds replied to applause and chuckles from the audience. "I mean, sometimes it's a bit sad that we are definitely not the streamlined, small, hyper-efficient kernel that I envisioned 15 years ago...The kernel is huge and bloated, and our icache footprint is scary. A friend of mine trained himself to be able of lucid dreaming, but stopped with it when he began to have "nested" dreams... I experience that with normal dreams. I suspect it happens to anyone who has a vivid dreamlife. I wouldn't let this scare off any would-be lucid dreamers. > ...the Ctrl+K combination to get straight to the keyword box is equally useful for those who use one search engine... It's actually not. When typing in either the keyword box or the URL box, it shows similar previous searches in a dropdown. The URL box's method is superior: For suggestions, the keyword box does a "StartsWith" query against your previous searches. The URL box does a "Contains" query. The keyword box has a delay between when you stop typing and when previous searches are displayed. The URL box does not. (Firefox 3.0. Can't speak for other versions.) Google Begins Fixing Usenet Archive http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/10/usenet_fix/ From yesterday: Microsoft/Danger lose Sidekick user data in server failure http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=873882 54 points by bensummers 1 day ago | 63 comments > I would expect with all the revelations lately about Microsoft's behavior... What, in particular, are you talking about? > Perhaps he is referring to the sidekick/danger bump in the road... I thought that might be the case. > ...gaining... strained vendor relationships. With who, aside from T-mobile / Danger? If this incident is what the OP is talking about, I don't see how it's relevant for current or prospective Windows Mobile licensees. Very interesting. Keyword = "crush" = brief description = "this person considers the referenced person to be a crush (i.e. has a crush on the referenced person)" Keyword = "date" = brief description = "this person considers the referenced person to be a date (i.e. is dating the referenced person)" I'd argue that considering a person to be " a date " does not imply that one is dating that person. Doctorow: "In meta-utopia, the lab-coated guardians of epistemology sit down and rationally map out a hierarchy of ideas..." http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm > Much to my surprise the only mail I've got so far is people that are literally ecstatic that their pages weren't lost and people that send me their backups for inclusion. I seem to recall a recent post on another site about this - reddit maybe - about parallel efforts to archive GeoCities, and whether everyone was working together for maximum benefit. Did you make that post? If you could respond and link to it, I'd appreciate it. EDIT: Gotta be honest that I don't recall what exactly I'm talking about. Here are a couple reddit links for anyone curious: The making of Reocities.com - one man's attempt to archive the entire contents of Geocities.com http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9yne3/the_saving... The Saving of Geocities, a tale of bandwidth and stress, most if not all Geocities content saved! http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9yne3/the_saving... Attention downvoters: You are apparently not familiar with analogy syntax. Daemmerung is simply asking if there is a similar plugin, but using emacs syntax. AltaVista was great (or at least sufficient) until they disabled searching for phrases, which made them useless. It was at that point I switched to Google. Though AltaVista lost in a big way to Google, is it fair to say they are one of the 12 most tarnished brands? The Online Slang Dictionary - http://onlineslangdictionary.com The opinion of those who know significantly more than me is that newLisp is to be avoided. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=788157 In most anything written by a fan of newLisp, you'll find something like the following (taken from the linked article): > Today, unfortunately, whenever someone mentions newLISP on an online forum frequented by adherents of another LISP, an almost clan-like flame war will erupt. An adherent of one particular dialect, usually someone who has never used newLISP, will shout obscenities such as, "newLISP goes back on just about every advancement made by LISPs", or "dynamic scope is evil!" Maybe there's something to newLisp, but any time I see a group with that flavor of persecution complex ("All the criticism is wrong because they just don't understand !") I take pause. I haven't read (in your article or elsewhere) sufficient defense for newLisp's choice of o Lazy evaluation ("fexprs") over Lisp macros o "One-Reference-Only" memory management over garbage collection o Dynamic scope over lexical scope But you've found it "the easiest [Lisp] to setup, deploy, and develop for"? Great! newLisp has fantastic documentation and a helpful community? Perfect! I full-heartedly agree with zephjc: "if it works, it works, and more power to you." They're not productizing this any time soon. Read up on Gordon Bell and the MyLifeBits project. But software that reminds you of things for senimental life-lookback type stuff definitely has its niche. Absolutely. I'm sad this won't be productized soon (or ever.) Discussions about Microsoft tend to go a particular direction. I simply wanted to temper any Microsoft-will-by-default-show-my-kids-the-porn-I've-watched witch burning. > You can't patent something that has been publicly disclosed, including disclosure by yourself. Commercial use counts as disclosure. Incorrect. IANAL, so I will not attempt to correct you. I suspect YANAL either. Year-to-file is obviously different than cannot-file. making an invention != disclosure != filing != obtaining a patent. I was originally pointing out a fact lest others be led astray, but I'm not going to reply further. Rereading the thread, I think I misunderstood 10ren's point. I think we are all actually in vehement agreement. :) Apologies. Here are a couple pages I found in my bookmarks that contain some data. "Blasting the Myth of the Fold (2007)" http://www.boxesandarrows.com/view/blasting-the-myth-of "The myth of the page fold: evidence from user testing (2009)" http://www.cxpartners.co.uk/thoughts/the_myth_of_the_page_fo... > Most of my revenue has been been from virus and malware removal. I coupled the virus/malware removal with an antivirus installation service for $19 and most people gladly paid it. Once a computer has become infected, it's fairly impossible to determine if the infection has been completely eradicated.[1] I wonder that that $19 buys you. A few executions of anti-malware software until they claim "Clean"? [1] I realize that even in the absence of a known infection it's "impossible" to know whether you're infected. > For the love of god not VB. By "Visual Basic" I suspect he means VB.net. Do you have problems with VB.net or with VB 6 and prior versions? I've been working (very slowly) on a VMWare VM tailored for Lisp hacking. I posted to http://www.lispforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=588 to gauge demand. It didn't seem like there's much. I still plan on eventually "completing" it, but at the moment I'm sick of trying to get Emacs to behave in some small ways like other editors. > This much seems clear: the iPad will change how mobile workers work. Cops, postal workers, meter readers, field technicians & scientists, doctors, you name it. I'm afraid I haven't been paying attention: is there a brief, cogent argument for why the iPad will do this whereas the Tablet PC form factor did not? Wow. http://arclanguage.org/install should really be updated then. Self-taught? Uni course? What resources are you using? etc. The navigation on the front page is terrible. It's impossible to know that "n days left" means n days left of normal sleep , and hence those should be read first. I was able to figure out the nav only after clicking the links and checking the "posted-on" dates. 2dparts.com > Connection was reset while loading. > The page isn't redirecting properly > Firefox has detected that the server is redirecting the request for this address in a way that will never complete. > This problem can sometimes be caused by disabling or refusing to accept cookies. Screw it. > It was not even in principle possible for Mozilla, Opera and others to implement XHR as originally implemented by MS, since to do so would require implementing ActiveX support. Incorrect. The code to create an XHR object in IE looked something like this: var xhr = new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.XMLHTTP.6.0"); Any browser could absolutely have supported creating XHR objects in this manner without being forced to support ActiveX. What about if they use Scheme instead? Or switch not from C/C++ to Java, but from Scheme to Python? Hogwash. No good developer does what you describe, no matter what tools they use. > But making a living writing code, maybe even important code? Far more likely than you'd like to think. I've never seen developers who work this way: not in industry - not even in college. In my experience, the "mess around with the code arbitrarily until it works" style described by liuliu is the programmer's equivalent of a moral panic. Everyone talks about it and laments it, but it doesn't really happen. > I'm not even going to write about how this applies to hackers and why it could be a good lesson. ...How does it apply to hackers? Either I'm extremely dense, or everyone is projecting their own opinion on your vague comment. > to me this absolutely proves beyond any reasonable doubt that the software patent threat from Microsoft is real and not just some abstract academic debate. Honest question follows after the quote. http://www.techflash.com/seattle/2010/05/microsoft_sues_sale... > "Although Microsoft has been a frequent target of patent-infringement claims itself, it's only the fourth time in its history that the Redmond company has filed a patent-infringement suit against a competitor, and the company has said in the past that it views such actions as a last resort when it has been unable to negotiate a licensing deal." Do you use technology provided by (just throwing out names) Google, Apple, HTC, Oracle, etc.? Have they proven to be less litigious? If you do use technology provided by other companies, are you also planning on scaling back their use? > The turnover at MS seems to be intensifying. I haven't heard of any other high-profile departures recently. Have you? > On one hand, expect to hear many people outside Microsoft to boo this move since J. Allard seemed to be one of those "young executives who Got It". On the other hand, Steve Ballmer is left with less choices seeing those red numbers in Excel Spreadsheet almost overflowing whatever the data type in cell G-14, H-15 and K-25. I'm confused. Did you read the article? "The Entertainment & Devices Division has posted operating profits in the company's most recent two fiscal years, and it's on track for another profitable year, rebounding from the billions of dollars in losses it posted as the Xbox business was getting up to speed." Why on earth would "this shake-up" be needed? I can't tell if you're talking about Microsoft as a whole or E&D specifically. Because you bring up laptops and Bing, I'll assume the former. > Microsoft isn't used to being second fiddle. Hell, look at how they're stagnating in the web browser arena. Microsoft plays second fiddle all the time . Aside from Windows, Office, and (_maybe_) VS, nearly all their products are ranked second (or lower) in popularity. MSN Messenger. Bing. Windows Mobile / CE. Xbox. Windows Server. IIS. SQL Server. > Bing is an also ran that can't even come close to Google's dominance, no matter how much money they throw at consumers with that cashback scheme. I've heard good things about Bing. Claiming they bought all their users is disingenuous. > When the vast majority of users are obsessed with social networking, writing small little text/tweets, bite-size 2D addictive casual games with one-button control, and playing music and youtube videos, how are you going to cash in on that if you're a Microsoft? Try to replicate Zynga and Twitter? Then what? You don't, and you then compare the current financials of Microsoft, Zynga, and Twitter. > Maybe -- and this could be the key -- MS needs to start _aquiring_ technologies instead of trying to reinvent them like they're some garage startup. Microsoft acquires companies _all the time_. It's a common criticism: "Microsoft has never created anything. They've just bought out companies that create things." "Like some garage startup"? Hardly. > Go buy some big sexy new technology, actually ship it (or hell, ship surface/origami/courier/etc.). Whatever criticism Microsoft deserves, failing to ship is hardly among it. > But then again, didn't they clean up (or there were some stuff going on) their Online divisions couple months ago (or even last 1 or 2 years ago)? I believe so, but I don't recall specifics. > Once in a while, there will be divisions that would require some changes. Couple years ago, Vista (or the OS div) was the main target. They moved Steven Sinofsky from Office to OS. Sure. My original point (in response to you) was that E&D is in the black - not the red - so your vision of Balmer "seeing those red numbers in Excel Spreadsheet almost overflowing whatever the data type in cell G-14, H-15 and K-25" simply doesn't exist. > PS: I'm probably speculating. And I'm trying to bring everyone back to earth. :) > The main reason a Mac user is more secure than a Windows one is because a Mac system is running on a sounder security architecture (not administrator by default, etc.) In specific ways, how is OS X's security architecture more sound than Vista or Windows 7? Badly designed applications have nothing to do with Vista or greater's "security architecture", so that leaves UAC. Do you feel UAC has a worse security design than the privilege escalation mechanism on OS X? Or - since you mention teaching end users - are you talking about a user education issue? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ -----Uniques (March) Google Analytics - 470k uniques Compete - 124k Quantcast - 156k (not "quantified") -----Rank (at present) Alexa - 19,730 in the US Compete - 16,735 (US?) Quantcast - 12,957 in the US > The 60 cents Apple gains from a $1.99 app barely covers credit card fees (for multiple currencies), bandwidth fees, bank fees to send money to developer, and paying salaries for all those app reviewers. What's your source for this? > MobileSafari is not the new IE. You said exactly why it is the new IE: > The vendor prefix bullshit of the last few years is going to be around for at least another decade, with every CSS3 property being set three goddamn times because the vendors will have shipped support for the prefixed version for several major releases before they think about blessing it. I wish y'all would only do that stuff in beta releases to keep it out of the wild. > a bit buggy Anything off the top of your head that you've been bit by? All those "sometimes" seems to suggest that Parrot is much more than a bit buggy. A memory leak is one thing, but segfaults and assertion failures... Down to brass tacks: is this thing usable in its current state? No it's not. It's describing a very specific situation. She looks---really looks---at her husband and realizes that outside of his consumer marketing instincts and technical wizardry and (increasingly infrequent) write-ups in TechCrunch and VentureBeat and his nouveau confidence, he's quite boring. He was one of the guys she scrunched her nose at in high school. She married someone she wasn't particularly interested in for what his money could buy her, and came to realize he is boring. The story doesn't make generalizations about all women. IIS6. blech. Is IIS 7.5 closer to those targets? Did you use Hunch behind a reverse proxy? By bringing down the level of discourse here, you've magnificently proven NathanKP's point. IIS7 is still awful compared to pretty much any of the major linux-based webservers. I'm a few days late on this, but curious: by what measure(s) do you mean that? > FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment Kindly, justify this statement. > In fact, I don't think any game where the central mechanic involves clicking on isometric squares repeatedly to plant and harvest virtual crops is entertaining. I'm still unclear on your argument. Are you saying that any activity that people engage in, that you don't find entertaining, was invented solely to be addictive? Okay, here goes: FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment, it's only intended to addict you (to Zynga's benefit). That's an absolutely ridiculous statement, and I'm shocked that it has gotten so many upvotes on Hacker News. Slashdot, sure, but not here. Do you have any insight into Zynga's development of the game? If not you have no grounds upon which to make that hyperbolic statement. ...Unless you're arguing that anything you don't find entertaining was therefore designed solely to be addictive. Farmville, in particular, was designed to be addictive at the cost of being entertaining. Are you saying that its entertainment value is lessened by its addictive aspect, or that it's not entertaining at all? If the former, your original statement needs modification. Just about everyone I know - including people who play FarmVille - agree that it's really not very fun, but the app (I hesitate to call it a "game") compels them forward with a number of addictive mechanics. Few people I know classify watching TV as "fun," but it passes the time and is entertaining. No offense, but it really sounds like you have a horse in this race - do you work for Zynga? None taken. I absolutely have no relationship whatsoever with Zynga. Consider the argument Television isn't intended to provide entertainment, it's only intended to addict you (to the networks' benefit). I can't imagine it would be so uncritically received by Hacker News. Clearly FarmVille has addictive elements, like any game. I'm shocked that Hacker News so enthusiastically accepts that "FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment", and is punishing me for saying so. My boss expects me to be a jack of all trades. That's usually fun, but he holds me responsible for the success of projects I'm clearly unqualified for. Conversely, he forces me to do a lot of mindless work when I'd rather be writing interesting code. The hours suck. Most of my awake time is spent at work, and I don't get paid overtime. I don't get benefits. I've got to pay out of pocket for health and dental, which isn't cheap. The work is gratifying (and there's no shortage of it) but it's a hard slog. I'd say the only big perk is that I can pretty much take as much vacation as I'd like. (Though it is non-paid.) Is it worth it? At the moment, no... but I do get equity in the business and I hope the investment will pay off in the future. I'm my own boss. I am working as a external contractor for few clients, fixing 15 years old shitty code bases. Do I like it? No. Strangely, my favorite thing in the world is making nasty code beautiful. I guess in another life I'd be a home remodeler / furniture restorer / auto body specialist / ... Thanks for the response. Man cheer up a bit - it's a matter of outlook IMHO. Right. What I described is my reality, not how I feel day-to-day. That said, right now it still isn't worth it. Also, non-paid vacation is paid for by the long hours you put in, and necessary for you to continue doing the long hours. Finally, can you outsource some of the mindless work? I make only enough to cover living expenses, so vacation and outsourcing both would require debt. Also, can your significant other help with some things? No significant other. I thought you were trying to cheer me up! ;) That's cool. I take it the inputs are recorded with tick-level accuracy? Otherwise rand(time()) would screw everything up. Is that all there is to it, or am I missing something? He is wrong about the accuracy of speech recognition. I know he is wrong because I have actually used Speech Recognition to get real work done. As have I. The dictation capability built in to Vista / Windows 7 is really quite amazing. (They both also have voice control.) I'm an extremely fast typer, but dictating - even with time spent correcting mistakes - is quite a bit faster. ...have the entire hall smell like delicious chili... How do your floormates feel about that? I hope you at least share the chili with them. :) I'll be ... yep, tucked well away under Accessories/Ease of Access. Who knew? And try this one on for size: Microsoft Office 2003 came with built-in voice control and dictation, which could also be used in other applications! Yes, it did. But be careful: " In 2007, reports surfaced that Windows Speech Recognition could be used to remotely access and/or control a user's computer. Theoretically, playing a pre-recorded message containing Windows Speech Recognition commands could allow one to execute tasks on another computer remotely. " Why, that reads like a Wikipedia article about a Microsoft product! I found this article incredibly disturbing. Instead of plowing into the rear of the car ahead of him, he swerved to the right and popped up onto to sidewalk. In doing so, he accidently ran over a woman walking towards his oncoming car. He was incredibly ashamed of himself and profusely apologized. I was an extremely sensitive young boy. This would have been deeply affecting to me at the time. “It's okay. It's only a game. It's not real”, I reassured him. After a few minutes of me explaining the difference between a game and real life, he felt comfortable enough to continue playing. Dear god. I really hope the scene played out like: - Child was disturbed - Father was reassuring - Child continued playing entirely of his own volition And not like: - Child was disturbed - Father was reassuring and encouraged child to continue playing, because it's okay to kill people in a game - Child continued playing My main goal was to replace my voicemail... Most of them are hang-up messages from my mom or family member, so I mostly ignore them. Is that voicemail through your cell provider or Google Voice? I think every provider I've had since 2000 has filtered hang-up messages (presumably messages I think you are. By this definition, I am a customer of Google, as is anyone in this thread who uses a Google service. But I am not the final arbiter of meaning. The downvotes to my comment show that I am clearly wrong on this subject. I don't think I understand what you mean... Do you mean swapping the roles via inverting the sense of "giver of something of value" and "provider of service"? As in: "I provide Google the service of access to my personal data, and they give me use of Gmail as a payment, therefore Google is my customer." "I provide my vendor the service of access to currency, and they give me a product as a payment, therefore my vendor is my customer." That seems like a stretch, so I must be missing something. The guy was just expressing his opinion. What the fuck is with all the downvotes, HN? Did the karma requirement for earning downvote privileges get reduced? I might as well limit myself to Reddit. Same attitude, more content. Desktop monitor resolution is still at ~100dpi because no desktop OS has solved the scalable UI problem satisfactorily. I'm under the impression this isn't a problem. Scaling is a problem when you have bitmap images and try to scale from - say - an iPhone to an iPad. But on desktops, monitors aren't growing in size by a factor of ~2.77. If you leave the screen size the same but increase the DPI, bitmaps will look exactly the same. They might seem visually out-of-place next to crisper UI elements. Is that what you mean? Can anyone remember the last time MSFT innovated something (not followed an existing market/paradigm) and led the market by sheer quality of the innovation (not because of monopoly)? I can't remember the last time any tech company created a market/paradigm and then proceeded to lead it [1]. Can you think of any companies? [1] Presumably you meant for some particular measure of time. all the .Net baggage (Visual Basic anyone?) I don't understand this. What ".net baggage"? .net is a (huge) class framework that has evolved along with C#. How is Visual Basic relevant to C#? Are you talking about VB classic ? VB.net is just another language that compiles to the same IL as C#. Right. And strawmen like I know that there are many would disagree and claim that Mouse-driven IDEs and XML based configs are the way to move forward, but I firmly believe that such convictions stem from a lack of exposure. don't help the argument. While traditionally IE has lagged on web standards, the IE9 pre-releases are (I believe) the first browser to implement ECMAScript 5. We might not need to wait for IE12. Some portions of the Scheme community favor a much more dynamic semantics for macros, more in the Lisp tradition; others favor building macros on top of a more compilation-friendly semantics Forgive my ignorance, but aren't Lisp's semantics very compilation-friendly? Doesn't macro expansion happen at read-time? EDIT: I think that's the case for Common Lisp. By "the Lisp tradition" did you mean prior dialects? China is continuing to permit Google to show a link to Google Hong Kong, after likely withholding Google's ICP license renewal if they continued to automatically redirect to Goog HK. I don't see much opening up here. Clicking anywhere on the page effectively goes to google.com.hk so google.cn is pretty much just a dummy page. You're right. I thought that: "Under the current setup in mainland China, users can conduct a Google search and see the results, but often they cannot open the links." ...meant that users could conduct the search via google.cn without being redirected to google.com.hk. I'm working on automating slang term variant creation on OnlineSlangDictionary.com . For example, making the main entry "blow (one) away" also available under blow him away blow her away blow them away etc. It's an unfortunate tax I have to pay to search engines. Luckily it'll pay off additionally when I switch from Google Custom Search to a real custom search solution, and it'll be useful for a few upcoming special projects. Are you using any parsing tools? Like the stanford NLP? Not yet. Right now it's just boring search-and-replace ("(one)" => "me", "you", "him", "her", ...) complicated by the fact that the site has a lot of moving parts. (I started it in 1996.) I'll be looking into Stanford NLP, Python NLTK, etc. in the near future for the aforementioned "special projects". I am currently developing an API for the stanford NLP so that other web apps can easily use that parsing and word tagging tool. I'd be quite interested in that! Do you have a website / blog / some way we can keep up with your progress? Cool website. I like the idea of the "where is this slang used" feature. Thanks! Did you not read the Wikipedia article you linked to? It seems to answer your questions. Does that mean a Microsoft COO is admitting that Vista is bad then? That is bigger news to me Really? They did that years ago.[1] And since Windows 7 is just a polished Vista... That old chestnut, huh? Something like, "Windows 7 is a 64-bit tweak of a 32-bit extension of a 16-bit user interface for an 8-bit operating system for a 4-bit architecture from a 2-bit company that can't stand 1 bit of competition." Wikipedia has a good article on new features in Windows 7. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Features_new_to_Windows_7 [1] EDIT: Reading comprehension failure on my part: somehow I missed the capital "COO" in the sentence. However, various Microsoft employees at various levels in the company have admitted Vista is bad. GPL is not a virus that will force your code open without your consent. In a lawsuit, could the copyright holder of a GPLed work force the opening of GPL-violating code as part of a GPL-violation settlement? EDIT: I'm not a lawyer nor a student of the law. Presumably the copyright holder is entitled to some form of compensation, whether it's called a "settlement" or something else. Can the plaintiff dictate that the only form of compensation they will find sufficient is the defendant's release of the infringing code? Also, the project seems to be affiliated with CSAIL. Your everyday user has no idea who CSAIL is, but I think it's got some huge geek credibility. I wouldn't "hide" the affiliation behind the link to David Karger at the bottom of the page. Chrome might just be the best piece of software that I use daily, and I didn't have to pay a dime for it. Really? I find that it has an extraordinarily lack of polish. When I switched to Chrome from Firefox, I had a list of 80 bugs after ~1 week of usage. Since the beginning, we've focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we're designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line. Google's support for their free products is terrible. While they may take great care to keep the user in mind while designing products, and take care to optimize for the variables they track, their claim above rings hollow in my experience. Look Microsoft, you can create useful dynamic web services without requiring Flash, I mean Silverlight Microsoft "invented" XMLHttpRequest for their Outlook Web client. Bing Maps doesn't require Silverlight. Some people even prefer it over Google Maps. Given that Microsoft has been creating useful dynamic web services without Flash or Silverlight for some time, I don't they were particularly shocked by their ability to create this one. Which is not to say that Microsoft embraces it. Even internally their policies are almost downright hostile. How so? Okay, then. Since neither of us wants to violate our NDAs, I'll just say: you're wrong. I'm afraid it's anything but subtle. The first line is "Imagine a circle that contains all of human knowledge". All learning until the Ph.D. is within that circle . For better or worse, I'm convinced that this is the reason that PHP took off the way it did. The documentation was clear, concise, easy to access (perhaps the first example of user friendly URLs I can remember), and effective; That each function had user-submitted (moderated) comments was the icing on the cake. I've seen this (similarly highly-voted) comment made elsewhere. I just don't get it. The PHP docs are often woefully incomplete in their explanation of functions. The user-submitted comments are the blind leading the lame, often containing competing solutions to the same problems, all of which are incomplete and poorly documented. Aside from several highly-voted comments in discussions, though, the PHP documentation doesn't seem to be a frequently cited example of quality. I find that strange. "This post is spurred by seeing the Hacker News guidelines this evening" Were you able to import any Google Analytics data into Piwik? Does GA offer a way to get your data out , other than exporting specific reports? Unfortunately, Compilers is no longer a required class to get a CS degree. As with all degrees, that depends entirely on the school. Do you have data? I think its Australian for kerfuffle. Specifically, an argument amongst all scientists. all-in: involving everyone boffin: scientist barney: argument (from rhyming slang: "Barney Rubble" - "trouble") Enough to make it very repetitive, too little that automation would make much sense, especially considering the abysmal automation tools Windows comes with cough shell cough Hmm... I've been thinking about switching to Powershell. What do you find abysmal about it? You are kidding, right? No. Who is the target audience? People who want to utilize its access to hundreds of administration tasks across most (all?) of Microsoft's server products, to automate administration tasks. EDIT to add: Same reason why tcsh and ksh didn't get traction, and they even have merit to them. I can't tell: is the implication here that Powershell doesn't have merit? I'm trying to understand. What's Allegro Serve serving? To be clear, as andyn said: the blog post " suggests that Consumer Watchdog is a for-hire astroturfing organisation hired by Microsoft." Emphasis mine. Take a look around his site. For example, the links at the very top include: "Comes vs. Microsoft", "OOXML", "OpenDocument", "Novell". He's not an impartial observer. Ah America, where memory is indeed short. Read the quote carefully. There's an "A" in "STRANGER", not an "O". his seaside framework, which brought continuations to web Is this the case? I looked (briefly) for confirmation and did find at the very least papers discussing the use of Scheme's continuations for web session management, circa Seaside's first public announcement in 2002... It's unfortunate that editorializing is so strongly discouraged here that people shy away from even briefly summarizing the topic of the link. For those whose curiosity has been piqued by the title: the article is about exactly what adambyrtek's comment suggests - nothing more, nothing less. Cooking bacon. That's it. I don't like using the term "bloat." It's an extremely non-specific term that people use to describe software they don't care for, much as people cast arguments they don't like as "FUD". I was in a conversation with someone who said he felt IE 9 was bloated. I asked him why. "The right-click context menu is too big." "Uses too much RAM", "requires too much disk space", and "has too many dependencies" can all be valid complaints. But it seems that in most uses, "bloat" = "has one or more features I don't use." "How rude; you've tainted us all with the knowledge of a that patent." What is required to prove willful patent infringement? Is "Defendant's web history shows (s)he accessed a web page on which someone claimed the patent existed" sufficient? EDIT: "Defendant", not "plaintiff". Reddit was 4 until recently... I don't know if the new 2 hires are enough. Actually Reddit has been at least 5 for some time. The 2 "new hires" were announced retroactively. http://blog.reddit.com/2010/08/welcome-alex-and-lia.html Is either company particularly litigious? Microsoft has filed on the order of 5 patent lawsuits in the last ever. it is at least a little more surprising considering MS is still pumping out this trash Microsoft is a huge company. I doubt Office Marketing and Microsoft Research coordinated their release of a marketing video and GPL code, respectively. Oh, as the article notes, Windows doesn't ship with Flash installed, either. XP does. I don't know about Vista and 7. Presumably some large percentage of Windows desktops and laptops are sold with Flash pre-installed. Originally I/O was fixed to the IDE port allowing master and slave drives called IDE0: and IDE1: but now drive names are more virtual and are assigned to devices (“DRV0:”, “DRV1:” etc) Is that wise? Shouldn't they be prefixed/suffixed with forward slashes? SproutCore + Hunchentoot + MongoDB is it right choice? Even then you're not yet off to the races. In particular, Hunchentoot's session management capabilities are anemic out of the box. I haven't seen any drop-in replacements, so you're looking at reinventing at the very least this extremely core part of any web development stack. Hunchentoot also doesn't have any built-in capabilities for handling updates to the website's source code. Do you mean user authentication? No, I mean session management. Example of anemia: it offers no way to back sessions by persistent storage. You just load the new code and it works. Really? What about threads that are busy processing requests when you load the new code, which may have different assumptions? It seems like a better approach would be to queue up incoming requests, wait for existing requests to be handled, reload the code, and then resume processing requests. Queueing up requests works on a per-request basis, but what happens when your code changes affect existing sessions Good point. The session protocol is a bit awkward in that you need to implement all of it if you want to change only a small part, but it's there to be hooked into, which is what the frameworks built on top of Hunchentoot do. I notice you used the plural "framework s " built on top of Hunchentoot. Are there any aside from Weblocks? The data is from glassdoor.com. Here are the salary pages for Amazon and Microsoft: http://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Amazon-com-Salaries-E6036.ht... http://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Microsoft-Salaries-E1651.htm Previous discussion, with 39 comments: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1584597 I can see that Chrome tries to do the same but it doesn't work nearly as well. It doesn't. And it's so very unfortunate, because it seems like it could: my Chrome installation currently stores 1 GB of data as "History Index 2010-xx". For what? I don't know. What about speed? I empathize. I'm a bookmark junkie, keeping 10,000+ bookmarks in my browser at a given time. Firefox just couldn't handle that (on my admittedly older computer,) taking ~30 seconds to both start up and shut down, and ~5 seconds to navigate to a new URL. I blame it largely on the switch to SQLite as backing store, but unfortunately I don't have any hard numbers. ...for some definition of magical. Every time Chrome auto-updates itself, I notice it because it exposes some new "fit and finish" bug. The update to Chrome 7, for example, broke the Bookmark Manager if you have your font size increased - e.g. due to eyesight issues. The update to 7.0.517.44 (or maybe an earlier version? I have no idea) changed the word boundaries used when selecting text using the keyboard. It's frustrating. Local events This is my "Dream Project" - i.e. the one I'll build when I have endless free time that I'd like to devote to working. I'd love to know why you think it's of dubious utility. (Aside from movie times, I've never discovered an event through an "event site" - but I feel like I could...) Lots of people don't pirate because of the cost, it just used to be the easiest/fastest way to get music/movies/games. Rhapsody opened in 2001. If it took 9 years for music piracy to be "over", then I think there's something more at work than the "it's easier to pirate" defense. I know it worked for me personally, since amazon mp3 is around, I have no needed to look elsewhere. Amazon MP3 opened to the public ~3 years ago. Did you pirate your music before? What requirement did it satisfy? Multi-platform-available DRM-free watermark-less high-bitrate MP3s? Now it's much, much harder due to Facebook cracking down so hard on virals, but it can still be done. Bummer. I've got a viral Facebook app in the pipeline. Is this what you're referencing? "On September 21, 2010 Facebook took games off the news feed, limiting viral channels to discovery stories and invites." http://www.mediabistro.com/fishbowlny/game-building-on-a-bud... ("Distributing on Facebook" section) "Facebook is cracking down on free promotion | kills profile boxes" http://rooturaj.com/social-media/facebook-is-cracking-down-o... Is there more to it? this should be compiled or something. As a slang thesaurus in general? Groupon coined nearly every term in that particular list... If you're looking for terms that are in wider use, I maintain a slang thesaurus. (The only free one on the web, actually.) Here's the body parts category for comparison's sake: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/thesaurus/words+meaning+ana... (Caution: Many slang words relating to anatomy are not work-safe.) Summary: The author is a long-time Windows developer and extremely familiar with Visual Studio. I don't understand where you got your summary. Looking at his CV - http://home.pacbell.net/eevans2/resume.html - it seems he has a range of experience. - Increase revenue on http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ by 100%. - Tremendously increase work-life balance. Exercise. Pursue a hobby. Watch TV/movies somewhere other than at my computer desk. Take the weekends off unless I'm very eager to work. Actually it's far more common to get the "You broke Reddit" error message. There are a couple more in rotation. I haven't seen the "9/11 changed everything" one in a while, so they may have wisely stopped using that one. It'll be interesting to compare the discussion here to previous times IE9's stance on ACID3 has been discussed / referenced. A couple minutes of Googling brings up: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1859375 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1196054 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1399998 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1738681 Webkit had to request changes to the tests in in Acid2. The Wikipedia page mentions that Acid3 was also updated to match Firefox's change in behavior: "On 2 April 2010, Ian Hickson made minor changes to the test after Mozilla, due to privacy concerns, altered the way Gecko handles the :visited pseudo-class." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acid3#Development_and_impact My friends at Grubwithus (YC W11) are going to help me by organizing a series of dinners in the Bay Area... Do people outside of California use/understand "grub" as a verb meaning "to eat"? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/definition+of/grub Bing never addressed the points made by the "ambush". Which points did they not address? (I haven't been keeping score so I'm genuinely curious.) Honestly, I don't know that many people who have built a community site of similar traffic level that quickly Maybe I missed it, but did you mention the site's age anywhere in the article? Re: bing copying Google, it has already been profusely discussed all over the internet and has been shown as nothing more than a PR stunt by Google folks to avoid discussing spam I'm assuming the downvotes are because of that part. I keep seeing the argument that "Microsoft didn't answer all of Google's claims," but no supporting evidence. If anyone has some, I'd be curious to see it. (This is a legitimate request: I haven't been keeping score.) Thanks for the reply, Matt. Google believed that queries and clicks on Google search results were being used in Bing's ranking I thought it was the search results that Google accused Microsoft of stealing. I guess I need to go refresh my memory. Things we don't know include... Good summary, thanks. I don't guess anyone is very surprised that Microsoft isn't quick to offer up how it treats a single data stream. This chart doesn't show the 5 year sabbatical that Microsoft decided to take between August 2001 and October 2006. Major versions of IE tend to be (are always?) synced to OS releases. What effect did the Longhorn Reset have on the sabbatical Microsoft "decided to" take? Does anyone know? I can't imagine I'm the only one to ask this in the intervening 4.5 years, but my Google searches aren't finding anything. > So yes, it was for that first reason. Has Microsoft stated this or is it speculation on your part? I run a slang dictionary website which lets users assign an offensiveness score to each term. That would be an interesting bit of data to add: not only the raw word count, but how offensive the swearing is for each language. (For sample data, the 100 most vulgar words on the site are in a table here: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/lists/most-vulgar-words/ ) I don't know how Microsoft is going to react to Google adding a crucially missing feature in Office and leveraging its software for its own purposes. If Google isn't using undocumented APIs, then they're doing exactly what Microsoft wants: developing software that "plugs in to" the Microsoft ecosystem. I'm sure there are a dozen other crush notifiers out there. And there has been for at least ten years. Back then you entered your email address... and the email addresses of everyone you had a crush on. Of course, if any of those latter ones weren't the original crush, they would get email saying someone had a crush on them. And so on. The original "viral". Here's one of the messages I received. Subject: Somebody has a crush on you Date: 3 May 2001 16:42:01 -0000 From: CrushMaster@redacted.com To: wrader@redacted.edu Guess what... you've got a secret admirer! Want to find out who it is? Just click to " rel="nofollow">http://www.redacted.com/index.php3?email=wrader@redacted.edu... ; Email address: wrader@redacted.edu Invitation code: 5nmwa Make sure you enter in this information exactly as shown above. See you soon! Sincerely, /The Crush Master/ Yes, the name "Circles" is awesome. Yup. Circles was also the name of social groups in Microsoft's threedegrees software. Certainly looks better than Dixie / styrofoam cups. I wonder how the performance compares. You'll find many references in the following. http://www.google.com/search?q=microsoft+uses+open+source Still, why would changing one's country make HTTPS available again? Despite EFF's headline, it doesn't sound like this made HTTPS unavailable, but rather the "always-use-HTTPS" setting. Why those countries? Here's a guess: it was a localization issue. I bet changing your country changes your default language. And I also bet that the availability of localized strings (i.e. "Is string 8230 available in language X?") affects what options are shown to the user. After all, if a descriptive string isn't available in the user's current language, how do you show them the option? So what exactly happened? I don't know. Maybe they whacked some part of a localization table. Or rolled back to a previous localization table. Or mangled mappings from "language" to "current localization table". Software is complex. All in all, it really makes them look bad, even if there's an innocent explanation. The timing certainly invites theories of maliciousness. "Trading" is discussed on Hacker News at about a 1.5-to-1 ratio with "trolling". FYI, Google Fight accepts the same "site:" specifier that Google Search does. For example: http://www.googlefight.com/index.php?lang=en_GB&word1=si... If you have reading problems, you could use that technique to determine which of 2 words you're more likely to be reading here. I haven't seen much discussion of Google's Panda update on Hacker News. I'm sure many legitimate sites have been negatively affected. I wonder if people are hesitant to share their experiences here because they think that we'll judge their sites negatively because the algorithm changes judge their sites negatively. I have a very legitimate site ( http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ ) that lost 25% of its traffic due to Panda. I'm writing up more details and I'll post them soon. Like Apple products, Firefox branded itself as malware proof. --- http://web.archive.org/web/20041127034451/http://www.mozilla... "“Beware of spyware. If you can, use the Firefox browser.” - USA Today" "Privacy and Security Built with your security in mind, Firefox keeps your computer safe from malicious spyware by not loading harmful ActiveX controls. A comprehensive set of privacy tools keep your online activity your business." --- While that's technically correct - Firefox couldn't (can't?) load ActiveX controls, therefore it could't load harmful ActiveX controls - the Firefox extensions system has permitted installation of executable code for a long time, if not since its inception. Since that's what ActiveX is, more or less, Firefox has never been any more secure in that respect than e.g. Internet Explorer. Like Apple products, as Firefox becomes more popular (and therefore a jucier attack target) there will be more malware that targets it. I was making around $1,800 a month in AdSense revenue from The Online Slang Dictionary (and thesaurus) - http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ The site was collateral damage in Google's Panda update (which was hoped to reduce the prominence of content mills, etc. in search results) so that number has been greatly reduced the past 2 months. ActiveX hasn't worked that way for a long time. At least since XP SP2, released 2004. Possibly even before then - I'm not sure exactly what XP SP2 changed. Edit: Fix typo. No. And rereading my post, I'm just not seeing any blame. I'm presenting some pertinent history and tying it to the recent Apple malware news, which has been heavily discussed here. I've run The Online Slang Dictionary ( http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ ) since 1996. On April 11, the date of one of the Panda updates, traffic from Google dropped 20%. Between April 11 and a month ago, I made the following changes: * Correct spelling, grammar, and capitalization errors * Where spelling "errors" are legitimate "slang terms", link to the definition pages for those slang terms (gonna, wanna, ain't, dat's, etc.) * Remove unnecessary extra punctuation, e.g. example sentences ending in "???" or "!!!" * Checked keywords on top landing pages for searches like "slang", "slang dictionary", "slang thesaurus" * Remove unnecessary extra spaces in the middle of sentences * Use complete sentences even where completely unnecessary * Restructure entire /definition+of/word+goes+here directory structure to be /meaning-of/word-goes-here, since people search for "meaning of" more frequently than "definition of", and since Google seems to have stopped treating + as a word separator in some cases. * Reworked meta descriptions and page titles * Removed meta keywords. I know Google doesn't use them, but maybe they treat them as a negative indicator of site quality? Who knows? * Completely re-designed site's front page * Switched from Google Custom Search Engine to a custom search implementation, because I think I can provide better results, improve the user experience, and reduce search exit rate * Delay-load Twitter widget to reduce page load time * Use rel="canonical" on every page on the site, since Google is indexing the IP address of the site and showing it separately in SERPs * Removed nodes from the sitemap, just in case Google knows better * Fixed the "HTML suggestions" on GWT, such as short meta descriptions and duplicate meta descriptions * Excluded directories via robots.txt like /word-of-the-day/, since the words of the day are already spidered elsewhere on the site, in case Google is giving me a duplicate content penalty of some kind I've also made plenty more changes in the past month, but I haven't written up a list yet. Sine the Panda update, I've seen no improvement in traffic from Google to my site. This Google query works fairly well: site:news.ycombinator.com link: http://www.ibiblio.org/harris/500milemail.html Link to said query: http://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Anews.ycombinator.com+l... Query returns: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=123489 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1293652 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=385068 There are things I would _really_ like from google - where I fit in to their adsense categories, for example. Absolutely. I'd love to be able to get all of my Analytics data, for example. Retrieving some subset of the data report by report is nowhere near the same thing. SSH-2 window management has also been revised to reduce round trip delays during any large-volume data transfer (including port forwardings as well as SFTP/SCP) Doing a quick test, I'm seeing that PuTTY 0.61 speeds up SFTP downloads of already compressed data by a factor of 4 compared to PuTTY 0.60. Fantastic! Why not? Do you have insight into how Facebook calculates that number? MSN Messenger has >300 million users. QQ has three times that. Why do you find it so inconceivable that Facebook has 750 million active users? I don't have time for the Socratic method. Changes that Google made, designed to reduce the number of "low quality links" in search results, such as those to content farms. http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2011/02/finding-more-high-qua... Rather than being an algorithm change, it seems to be a process that Google runs only occasionally, which labels entire sites (rather than individual pages) as low quality. Sites with that label are penalized in search results. It affected many sites, including those that aren't content farms (mine included,) in what many webmasters believe is collateral damage. My site that was penalized is The Online Slang Dictionary. http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ It's the oldest slang dictionary on the web and had the only freely accessible slang thesaurus on the web until about a month ago. In contrast to other slang dictionaries, The Online Slang Dictionary is only for legitimate slang words. I've never used any black-hat or even slightly questionable SEO techniques or means to publicize the site. It started being penalized April 11, which is the launch date of what (IIRC) is being called "Panda 2.0". I've made many changes in hopes of fixing whatever it is that's causing Google to decide that the site is low quality, but haven't seen any improvement in ranking since then. A (now outdated) list of those changes is here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2664346 . #2. It's fallen in Google rankings for nearly every keyword for which it appears at all. Interestingly, the submission by pixelbeat around the same time already has 78 points and 15 comments: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2768036 In general, Google has not aggressively patented things. They have been issued ~300 patents. Compare to IBM's over 26k patents in the US alone. Is it possible that Google's patent assignment policy has affected those numbers "in Google's favor"? [1] For example, could the policy be that patents are assigned to employees, but employees grant Google a non-revocable perpetual license to use those patents? (IANAL, etc...) [1] i.e. Fewer patents assigned to Google = less aggressively patenting. The only people I've heard complain about Panda are the SEO and content farm crowd. I'm not a member of either crowd. Here's me complaining: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2767018 And I'm not the only one who has a quality site that was adversely affected. There was collateral damage. It would have been practically impossible for there not to be. The only question is the matter of scale. I won't stop you from sticking it to Rhapsody (their software has lost my music library several times,) but they've been independent from RealNetworks since April of last year. The bizarre approach in Windows 8 that has all kinds of UI doing the same thing with no clarity around development platform sounds exactly like what Jobs talks about with people going in 18 different directions. Do you mean adding the Ribbon to Windows Explorer and the announcement that you can develop Windows apps in Javascript (respectively)? How many people here use Python on Windows? What are you using it for? I used it for Python's excellent NLTK (Natural Language Toolkit - http://www.nltk.org/ ) to build http://www.offensivest.com/books/ . That site ranks the most vulgar English works released by Project Gutenberg. I calculated the ranking based on ~150k user ratings of the offensiveness of words listed on The Online Slang Dictionary. Hmm... I think I read his comment differently, as having two independent clauses: Windows 8... * has all kinds of UI doing the same thing * no clarity around development platform My story is almost exactly the same. The only difference is that my site was hit not by the original Panda update, but by the April 11 update ("Panda 2.0".) There was definitely collateral damage. Unfortunately for owners of such sites, since Panda did penalize several huge sites that people hate very much, it's viewed as an overwhelming success. Small site owners are burning the midnight oil, posting to the "official" Google Panda thread, and getting no feedback from Google. I would be glad to share that information with small site owners privately for free, one on one. Panda hit my site almost 5 months ago. Though I've made lots of changes, I'm not seeing any recovery. So clearly I'm doing something wrong. As a small site owner, I'd be ecstatic to receive any advice you can share. My email address is waltergr@aol.com. What kinds of permits do you consider bribes? It would be really nice if the title of this submission offered a detail or two other than the domain name. http://www.offensivest.com/books/ The most vulgar books released by Project Gutenberg, using the >120k offensiveness votes cast on The Online Slang Dictionary. See also the previous post "Windows 8 OEM specs may block Linux booting" - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3020459 Yes, thanks, that's a good summary. Since the conversation from yesterday (with 137 comments) was voted pretty highly, I assumed that this submission was related, and the previous one would offer interesting additional discussion. I'm sorry if it was inappropriate to link to. By offering it, I was in no way advocating a particular point of view, even though I quoted the title of the HN submission, which does put forth a hypothesis. If it's appropriate to delete my comment, let me know. The submission of the same URL but with a useful title is doing far better. "UNCRUNCHED: Arrington's new blog." - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3032013 Can you file a bug at http://new.crbug.com/ please? That doesn't sound like the behavior I'd expect. The behavior you expect out of Chrome is just simply not what its actual behavior is . Asa Dotzler from Mozilla corrects some of your misconceptions here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3034450 . EDIT: Oh, I see you're actually on the Chrome team. I learned the stuff Asa that describes in his comment in your privacy policy. It's pretty easy to understand. In my alternative life I would have done the same. I, too, wouldn't have minded getting a head start. But keep in mind there's less than a year's time between being a senior in highschool and UCB CS61A, (the former) MIT 6.001, Stanford CS107, etc. http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/privacy.html ... > When you type URLs or queries in the address bar, the letters you type are sent to your default search engine so the Suggest feature can automatically recommend terms or URLs you may be looking for. If you choose Google as your search engine, Google Chrome will contact Google when it starts so as to determine the best local address to send search queries. If you choose to share usage statistics with Google and you accept a suggested query or URL, Google Chrome will send that information to Google as well . You can disable this feature as explained here. ... > If you navigate to a URL that does not exist, Google Chrome may send the URL to Google so we can help you find the URL you were looking for. You can disable this feature as explained here. ... > If you enable the optional AutoFill feature, which automatically completes web forms for you, Google Chrome will send Google limited information about the structure of pages that have web forms and information such as the arrangement of the form so that we can improve our AutoFill service for that page. (end excerpts) Could you give us more information about the AutoFill feature? Does it send the URL along with the listed information? Does it do this for every URL that contains a web form? Rhapsody. I'm satisfied with a big exception: Rhapsody has lost my music library a few times. That's pretty unforgivable. Indeed, I've never met a joke I didn't like. I was just about to update my installation, but it told me that my Roboform extension isn't compatible with v7. How do you get to that information prior to the upgrade? I've only realized extensions were incompatible after updating, because Firefox disables them. My experience is that if I click "Check for updates" and an update happens to be available, then there's no way to prevent that update from being installed, even if it causes add-ons to be disabled. Yes, other people were reminded of that. Search the comments for the word "Windows". (Ctrl+F or Apple+F in your web browser.) It's unclear to me why you're being so harshly downvoted. All that's needed is a quick trip to Wiktionary (or your favorite dictionary) to see that you're correct. EDIT: Well, I should note that you're correct about the definition. I don't know about the etymology. You're looking for the "A Complete Guide To The Ponzi Scheme That Is Suburban America" submission. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3090385 the traditional starter kit configuration files Traditional in what sense? Is emacs-starter-kit considered a must-have? Emacs has been able to do that for decades, and it is definitely not what great great great grandparent meant by "multithreading" You've been talking to the same guy for this entire thread. (i.e. the "great great great grandparent" is the same as the person you just responded to.) I have ever needed or wanted in Emacs to the best of my recollection -- and when I send an email, search a buffer or look up someone's phone number in my address book, I am using an Emacs command I wrote. It seems like you've had a lot of experience with Emacs. Can Emacs of today do any of the things that he listed that are things he wants to improve his workflow? i.e. Instead of proving him wrong about 3 things, can you prove him wrong about 1 thing? I'm curious about the state-of-the-art when it comes to Emacs, so it would be cool to get some solid answers. Well, maybe not for much longer... I wonder how much the Google Web Accelerator debacle made people realize that GET is supposed to be idempotent. Perhaps Googlebot will do the same for POST and authentication. How are users who casually browse news.yc supposed to look at this and have any clue what they're clicking? Since there's no way to hide these links with uninformative titles, the no-addon solution is to get them to display as "visited". So I click them and then immediately close the tab. Website owners: Sorry for throwing off your stats. which I think is under-diagnosed because a sleep study is kind of an expensive hassle. And I think it's also under-diagnosed because of that correlation. I "have a friend" who is of normal weight, and who also doesn't snore and is young (2 other anti-correlates.) This friend struggled his entire life with sleep issues and blamed it on laziness. It wasn't until it was affecting his career that he had a sleep study - and it turns out he stops breathing 60 times an hour. (That doesn't make for especially restorative sleep.) If you have sleep issues despite making an effort to have good sleep hygiene etc. - talk to your doctor! I think it's more likely Microsoft knew and didn't care. The parent to your comment - by mhw - is pretty darned close. At Microsoft, legal and engineering are in different silos and don't talk to each other, except through senior management with limited bandwidth and legal/engineering understanding and also - in my experience, and to some extent - program managers. Developers (at least) are told not to look at patents or patent applications. I'd be surprised if PMs were told differently. Does MS Legal have engineers on staff to determine if something is worthy of a patent and to look for prior art? That's a possibility. But your "more likely" (granted - it's your opinion) doesn't seem incredibly likely (in my opinion.) MFA = multi-factor authentication. That TLA was new to me. How does this relate to / compare with Teredo? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teredo_tunneling Thanks. (I had it in my head that Teredo was an IPv6 NAT, despite the Wikipedia link.) First we spammed them, and now we appear to be DDoSing them. This seems to be true. Can anyone explain the downvotes? According to Alexa, Digg is the 190th most popular site in the world. It shows traffic holding steady for the past few months. And clicking on the pageviews tab shows that pageviews have dropped over the last year+ but not extradramatically. I doubt it. Why do you ask? I don't understand. I don't understand the "you aren't allowed to comment if you haven't submitted code" sentiment. Here's a graph comparing ycombinator.com and digg.com: http://traffic.alexa.com/graph?&w=400&h=220&o=f&... ; (Keep in mind that the scale is logarithmic.) As a website owner, I would love it if my site were dying like Digg. There are a ton of people who like to bitch at open source developers about not including or fixing something and for projects like this tht isn't cool. Yeah, this is an excellent way to deflect criticism from open source projects. I've seen it frequently stop what could be a useful discussion in its tracks. (And this isn't a comment to you specifically, but that sentiment combined with closed-source-software-as-unethical turns my stomach.) Why would that be (nearly) a firing offense? Just fork it and submit a patch / pull request. Past submissions: http://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/submissions&q=bip... I've heard similar descriptions of LISP, actually. Actually, Paul Graham said something similar about Lisp. "...In Lisp, you don't just write your program down toward the language, you also build the language up toward your program..." http://www.paulgraham.com/progbot.html Also see the HN post "UC Berkeley chooses Google apps over office 365 based on this analysis (berkeley.edu)" 164 points by davidacoder 4 days ago | 57 comments http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3380527 It's also interesting that they chose the spelling "diss", which is incorrect. It's "dis", from "disrespect". I run a slang dictionary. It's not. http://onlineslangdictionary.com/meaning-of/diss "Diss" is a new spelling of the original "dis". Revising my dictionary in this case would mean artificially modifying the submission dates of the respective terms to suggest "diss" came first. I also think this is because it would appear natural to use the other new words derived from it, dissing and dissed, with the 'ss'. The original spellings of the verb forms are dis, dissed, disses, dissing. I think it's only normal for people to end up spelling it 'diss', especially as the original word it was derived from becomes less known. True, but you'd think a publication like NewScientist would strive for (some sense of) correctness in terminology selection. Also see: http://www.grammarist.com/spelling/dis-diss/ How are you measuring dominance? Missouri S&T was voted the most depressed school (or something to that effect) at one point. I don't recall the details, so don't quote me on that one. http://web.archive.org/web/20070930201652/http://www.slate.c... - Missouri College Students: Are they really that miserable? "For five of the past nine years, one of the three colleges—the University of Missouri-Columbia, Stephens College, and the University of Missouri-Rolla—has landed at No. 1 on the Princeton Review's list for the school with the 'least happy students.'" (University of Missouri - Rolla being the former name of Missouri S&T.) We're talking 280 vs 315 FPS (or something like that) The difference is closer to 10 frames a second: 303.4 vs 315. http://blogs.valvesoftware.com/linux/faster-zombies/ but that's still better. True. I managed to crawl and store (in mongo) more than 300k movies from IMDB in just a few hours Did you know that IMDB makes a subset of their data publicly available? http://www.imdb.com/interfaces/ I wonder if the yung'uns of today will look back on their Xbox live or MMOG multiplayer sessions with as much nostalgia. They will, just as our parents look back at the games of their youth with similar nostalgia. There's something of a culture of "our internal developers are smarter than our external developers" at Microsoft... Interesting. I didn't get that impression across 4 teams, either as a PM intern or a FTE dev. Nah. In fact, AltaVista was fine until they stopped supporting exact phrase searches. I also don't remember exact pharase searches. They existed. I switched to Google immediately after they stopped supporting them. I've spoken with a few people who made the same move for the same reason. Maybe you started using AltaVista after that point? RSS feeds -> email subscriptions. With Google branded signup and Google branded mail. Above click-bait (meme-bait?) links to a sarcastic "The Definitive Middle-Management Guide to Conducting Interviews" post. 2 days ago, 71 points, 34 comments: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4605295 ...which is a submission of http://mashable.com/2012/10/02/ew-has-smartphone-inside/ Also notable is Quantum Link ($9.95/mo) - originally for the C64 and C128 - which later became America Online. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_Link My brother emailed me a link to this gem: http://www.isdownforeveryoneorjustmedownforeveryoneorjustme.... The URL gets truncated by HN. It's: www.isdownforeveryoneorjustmedownforeveryoneorjustme.com Yup. To add a citation: "The tall teen, who asked to be identified only by his handle 'Pinkie Pie' because his employer did not authorize his activity, spent just a week and a half to find the vulnerabilities and craft the exploit, achieving stability only in the last hours of the contest." http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/zero-days-for-chrom... I wonder how easy it is to actually contact Microsoft on matters like this? It would probably take hours upon hours of searching convoluted corporate websites just to get an e-mail address or phone number to contact. You could go to microsoft.com and type "report a security vulnerability" into the search box. Then click the first result. Link goes to the Kindle Cloud Reader logo. Link goes to a photo of a subway poster of Mahatma Ghandi and the quote, "There is more to life than increasing its speed." Oh, I was just explaining rajdevar's link, which was posted without any context. Sorry about the confusion. People whining about how they're hurt by losing search position inevitably turn out to be spammers or other lowlife that have been trying to use "SEO" or some other shady practice to artificially inflate their search position. I have a slang dictionary site that's currently being penalized by Google for showing citations of slang use gathered (by hand) from media. With the penalty, Google sends 1/3 less search traffic. And I whine about it. But I'm not a con man. I keep seeing Heroku come up as a viable alternative to... what? That's the part I don't understand. The value prop seems to be eliminating ops. i.e. we'll take care of it so you don't have to. But digging deeper, that seems only to be accurate for Rails apps. If I want to - say - deploy a PHP app (god forbid) - then I still need to play sysadmin. Am I reading things wrong? I would _love_ if that were the case. most things are as deployable as Rails these days. I really, really don't want to seem dense. But I don't understand what that means. Let's forget about PHP, and consider Clojure. Reading http://blog.heroku.com/archives/2011/7/5/clojure_on_heroku/ I don't see the part that says SysAdmins are no longer needed. But maybe I am dense, and just don't get what Heroku offers... How would you get a clojure app deployed on EC2 or Linode without doing a lot more sysadmin work than Heroku? Exactly, thanks. I thought Heroku was supposed to get rid of that "problem." Did I read it wrong? Just to add some context, the HN submission above is for an article entitled, "The Fifth problem: math and anti-Semitism in the Soviet Union" The URL of the submission is http://www.newcriterion.com/articles.cfm/The-Fifth-problem--... Trademark owner should defend trademarks. Trademark owners have to defend their trademarks, or risk losing them. I thought this sounded familiar. Apparently another artist - Sergey Larenkov - does the same thing. Here's the HN submission about it: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1570085 > Why a sit-stand treadmill desk? It’s the perfect way to work . Emphasis mine. There is zero follow up - no prototyping, no CAD files, no R&D, no clinical trials, no betas, no execution - it goes from nebulous "idea" straight to the legal department. Is that uncommon? For the average patent. http://offensivest.com/books/ ranks the most vulgar English books. The books are from a DVD released by Project Gutenberg. The offensiveness scores for individual words and word phrases come from votes cast by visitors to The Online Slang Dictionary ( http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ ). It desperately needs an "About" page describing the data and the methodology. Later, I hope to expand the number of books we analyze and also analyze other forms of media. The only reason I created an account was because they kept spamming me with "People you may know," and the only way to opt out of the spam was to... create a Google+ account. The Computer History Museum in Mountain View spent 2 years fully restoring a DEC PDP-1. You can go see it - I don't even think you need to pay for admission to the museum. During the presentation, they load Spacewar! from paper tape, and two members of the audience can battle it out. It's pretty amazing to play one of the first graphical computer games ever, on a computer first released 50 years ago. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spacewar!#Spacewar.21_today I wrote this comment for the IBM 362 submission ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4902345 ). Seems appropriate here. The Computer History Museum in Mountain View spent 2 years fully restoring a DEC PDP-1. You can go see it - I don't even think you need to pay for admission to the museum. During the presentation, they load Spacewar! from paper tape, and two members of the audience can battle it out. It's pretty amazing to play one of the first graphical computer games ever, on a computer first released 50 years ago. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spacewar!#Spacewar.21_today Watson couldn't distinguish between polite language and profanity ... Ultimately, Brown's 35-person team developed a filter to keep Watson from swearing ... It's too bad Urban Dictionary doesn't let users vote on how vulgar they think the dictionary entries are. I've got that feature on The Online Slang Dictionary, but since UD is so much more popular, they could collect that much more data. He's making a joke. The punchline is the last word: Excel. Several years ago, I called Comcast technical support because my cable Internet service stopped working. The support guy told me to unplug the Ethernet cable from both my computer and the cable modem, turn it around, and plug it back in. Clearly he just wanted to make sure that it actually was connected properly... but I like to think he was making sure the Internet was flowing into my computer. With those unidirectional Ethernet cables you have to check. That depends. Do you mean this version of the Jargon File or the one on ESR's website? As the intro points out, there's a difference. ...he's really taken it off the rails, adding terms from war blogging and other sources that really have nothing to do with hacking at all. And terms of his own devising that haven't caught on. That seems like the cardinal sin of a lexicographer. I accidentally downvoted you - meant to upvote. Sorry about that. Resources for depressed hackers are pretty poor. For hackers suffering from depression, please don't resist getting help because you can't find resources specifically for hackers. In the case of support groups, it's nice to be with people who share a similar background as you. But I think you'll find that the shared experience with depression will massively overcome what shared experience you lack on the job or as a hobby. Please get help. It's not an exaggeration to say it could be the difference between life and death. The path downward is often a long, gentle slope. While you're on it, it feels like flat ground. You don't realize you've hit the lowest elevation until... well, you just stop walking. I'm really surprised that so many people trust Google so implicitly that they'd relinquish their choice of not using a site when it appears in Google search results - in favor of letting Google deciding whose business practices deserve their being listed at all. Especially when it comes down to a site allowing fair use of their content. From what I can gather, Google can and does penalize sites that show copyrighted content even when the site has very legitimate fair use claims. DMCA notices are never served and never appear on chillingeffects.org. The sites aren't even delisted, as described in Google's "Transparency Report"[1], but rather moved to lower and lower positions in the search results. Google will never acknowledge that the site is being penalized, and it seems that completely removing the "offending" content won't resolve it. (Source: personal experience.) [1] http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/removals/copyright/... I have this book on my bookshelf! It's a small volume with very large margins. Seeing it laid out on a single web page made me check if the Gutenberg version really is the whole thing. It is. IIRC, it's pretty good. None. Even if you know people within Google, there's so much fear of allegations of impropriety that employees are too afraid to even ask the appropriate team if there's a possible mistake that they should look at. Hi Matt, That doesn't match my experience. Could you explain the penalty against onlineslangdictionary.com? Showing citations of slang use[1] caused what appears to be an algorithmic penalty. The correlation between showing citations and the presence of a penalty is apparent: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/static/images/panda/overvie... Missing from those 3 charts is the one showing that citations were once again removed over 120 days ago, yet the penalty remains. It would appear that the algorithmic penalty was turned into a manual penalty. I've followed all procedures including those listed in your comment, without resolution. [1] By citations of slang use, I mean short (1-3 sentence) attributed excerpts of published works, shown within the appropriate definitions, as evidence of the correctness of those definitions. All citations were gathered and posted by hand. After trying for 1 year and 11 months to get anyone from Google to talk to me about the penalty, I can't tell you how ecstatic I am that you responded. Thank you! I would have responded sooner but I wanted to deploy some changes to the site, and also I was floored by some of the things in your comment and didn't know quite how to respond. I'm very happy to read that there's no current manual action against onlineslangdictionary.com. Hi Walter, the only manual webspam action I see regarding onlineslangdictionary.com is from several years ago... Oh? I've never received a notice about having a penalty or about a penalty being removed. When was that penalty in place? (are you familiar with a company called Web Build Pages or someone named Jim Boykin?) Nope. I hadn't heard of either until I read your comment. Why do you ask? Did he/they cause the manual penalty against my site and then cause the manual penalty to be removed? How? You're affected by a couple algorithms in our general web ranking. The first is our page layout algorithm. See . In particular, comparing a page like http://onlineslangdictionary.com/meaning-definition-of/compy to a page like http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Pepperazzi... , your site has much more prominent ads above the fold compared to Urban Dictionary. Interesting! I had read that post on the Webmaster Central Blog before, but never even considered that the layout algorithm was penalizing my site, for a few reasons. 1. The upper leaderboard ad + side wide skyscraper ad combination is so commonly used everywhere on the web. 2. I removed the leaderboard ad from the entire site from 11 May 2011 through 31 August 2011 and found it had no effect on the site's ranking. (It also had no effect on user behavior, such as bounce rate or time-on-site.) 3. My site isn't one of the sites "that go much further to load the top of the page with ads to an excessive degree or that make it hard to find the actual original content on the page." I have removed all advertising from onlineslangdictionary.com, and also removed the yellow box at the top informing visitors why they no longer have access to the citations of slang use. (Better safe than sorry, I guess.) The page layout penalty should no longer be a problem. (Since ads are no longer on my site, for reference, here are screenshots of those two URLs you linked, one from my site and one from urbandictionary.com: OSD: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/static/images/layout-algorithm/2013-03-24-osd.com-atf-def-of-compy.png UD: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/static/images/layout-algorithm/2013-03-24-ud.com-atf-def-of-pepperazzi.png Interestingly, with my screen size, Urban Dictionary has more pixels above the fold dedicated to ads.) Your site is also affected by our Panda algorithm. Here's a blog post we wrote to give guidance to sites that are affected by Panda: http://googlewebmastercentral.blogspot.com/2011/05/more-guid... I've read that article in the past, and gave it a re-read. I understand Panda is about penalizing low-quality sites. High-quality dictionaries have citations of use from published sources. Citations prove the definitions are correct, provide real-world illustrations of proper usage, are just plain interesting, etc. Penalizing a dictionary for showing citations is like penalizing Wikipedia for having lots of numbered sentence fragments at the bottom of their articles. That's how they prove that their claims are factual. onlineslangdictionary.com had around 5,000 citations of slang use, collected and added by hand. The presence/absence of citations on the site is the only thing I've found to correlate with the presence/absence of a penalty ( http://onlineslangdictionary.com/static/images/panda/overvie... ). Due to Panda, they were removed for non-authenticated users (including Googlebot) most recently starting 16 November 2012. They have been unavailable to authenticated users starting 8 March 2013. Because of a coding mistake on my part, they were visible for between 3 and 4 hours on 12 March 2013. (Basically: I accidentally inverted the logic of the 'if' statement that checks whether citations need to be removed (the answer should always be "yes") causing the code to not remove citations.) I fixed the bug as soon as I noticed it, and filed an updated reconsideration request. The citations are gone. All content on the site is 100% original. It's got the only real, free slang thesaurus on the web. There are other unique features. I don't know what Panda would be penalizing the site for. I started The Online Slang Dictionary in 1996, and have been working on it full-time for the past 6 years. My goal is to create the "Wiktionary of Slang" - not a flash-in-the-pan made-for-AdSense site. I was delighted with the site's ranking Between The Penalties: from 8 days after I first removed the citations until 3 days after I put them back on the site (13 November 2011 until 9 October 2012.) It would be awesome to have the chance to once again compete on a level playing field with other slang websites. I'd love to have the time to implement the new features I've been dying to add, rather than spending time (over a year now) trying to guess why Google is penalizing the site and fixing those guesses - since my data shows that site growth is impossible with the penalties in place. nor do you really get that much of the product itself. The RSS -> email list feature is nice. There are plenty of competitors out there, but I rather like having the trusted Google name on the signup confirmation page and on the individual emails, which are sent from Google servers. Makes sense. All the tweets were by hand. I tried to tweet every weekday but missed some, then eventually gave up. I just didn't know what to do upon getting no feedback from you guys after posting to the Google Webmaster forums, filing reconsideration requests, contacting friends at Google, posting to and commenting on Reddit about it, commenting on HN about it, posting to Facebook, blogging, and tweeting about it, and putting a yellow box at the top of all pages on the site mentioning the penalty and linking to a page with the details. Thanks again for talking with me about this. (I'd still like to hear about Web Build Pages / Jim Boykin and the rest - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5444996 ...) Here's a list of all removal requests It's not. http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/removals/copyright/... "...It is a partial historical record that includes more than 95% of the volume of copyright removal requests that we have received for Search since July 2011. It does not include..." As the editor of a slang dictionary that accepts user submissions, I've seen many terms submitted to my dictionary that have become accidental esquivaliences. One great example is "poonj," meaning to have sexual intercourse. The submitter included some etymological claims, in part that the term originated in the language of the Ojibwe native Americans. I find that pretty suspect, though it did appear on the site for some time before I removed it. The definition and the etymology were printed in the second edition of Cassell's Dictionary of Slang . To their credit, they did include "allegedly". http://books.google.com/books?id=5GpLcC4a5fAC&pg=PA1120&... I'm not too concerned about the copyright aspect, though. And actually, I'm still unclear on the extent to which dictionary definitions are copyrightable. I think this would be a humorous list to have around, if only to find out what people are being offended by these days. I run a slang dictionary website where visitors can score how offensive they find the terms. The 100 most offensive are listed here: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/lists/most-vulgar-words/ It's not multilingual and not open source, but it does capture some of the "state of the art" of dirty words. That's brilliant! Thanks! Are you sure you wouldn't consider providing an updated 'top 100' list as a service to anyone who felt they could use them in some hitherto-unknown way? I'd absolutely love to. But with Google penalizing the site for the majority of the past 2 years, I've become extra-sensitive about content on my site being available anywhere else on the web. In another world, I'd be ecstatic any time I came across material sourced from the site. But as it stands, I've given some thought to filing my first DMCA requests - thus becoming part of that chilling effect that gave chillingeffects.org its name. I have put the data to some good use. http://www.offensivest.com/books/ ranks English works in the Project Gutenberg corpus by vulgarity. The site desperately needs some TLC: at the least, tweaks to the methodology and a page explaining what that methodology is . I have more ideas for using the data, but I spend 90% of my time trying to get rid of the penalties. So... Also, hope it's not a sore point, but are Google still being unreasonable about the citations on your site? Yes, very much so. This is exactly the idea Microsoft had and demo'd at PDC 2003. Longhorn's WinFS was supposed to deliver all this metadata searching and so on, presenting a unified interface. It is. It's a pity that WinFS never hit 1.0. Interestingly, though WinFS was one of the "pillars" of the ill-fated Longhorn, it didn't die with it. The team existed until 2006, and even released a beta and a beta refresh. I was on the team, and most of us got moved en masse to SQL Server. That was a heart-breaker. The team's blog is still on the web: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/winfs/ I haven't kept up with Microsoft's post-WinFS storage initiatives, but it sounds like Microsoft Semantic Engine may be keeping the spirit alive. Where these object types extensible? Yes. I.e. were the metadata fields static? Well, yes, but that doesn't preclude extensibility. In WinFS terminology, object types were called Item types; object instances were called Items. From the docs: "An item is the equivalent of an object in object-oriented programming. It has a complex structure, specific behavior, and operations described by the 'WinFS' schemas." So one way to extend an Item type was to create a derived type (i.e. use inheritance.) WinFS also supported what it called item extensions, which were basically "small objects" that you could associate with existing objects. They were for things like reminders, which don't mean much on their own and could apply to many different Item types. For your scenario, creating a derived type would probably have been the right solution. EDIT: Well, now that I think about it, what if every different music app created its own Song subclass? So inheritance might not be the right choice. Ahh, that's the kind of thing I deeply love thinking about! I hope that one day I can rejoin the ranks of the lab-coated guardians of epistemology. (Nod to "Metacrap: Putting the torch to seven straw-men of the meta-utopia" by Cory Doctorow. http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm ) What's your opinion of file-tagging systems like Tabbles and the new file tagging feature in OS X finder? Actually, I haven't been keeping up with new tools and techniques for information management since WinFS died. I took a look at the Tabbles website and watched one of the videos. It seems good! You're right, it's not full WinFS, but with hierarchical tags you can go a long way towards manually solving some of the same problems. I'll have to take it for a spin. I just did a quick Google search for OS X 10.9's tagging. It looks like it doesn't support hierarchical tags? If it doesn't, then personally it's a non-starter. (I'd dig in to them more, but I have to be brief: I'm not sure when HN disallows new replies to comments...) Seems like a NoSQL database would be a decent core for a poor-man's WinFS implementation. Prior to joining WinFS I was working on my own solution to kind of the same thing as WinFS. I was going to use a traditional RDBMS - Perforce, actually. In retrospect, I was basically looking to serialize a graph to/from the relational model. At that time, I don't think I knew graph databases existed - I'm definitely going to look into them when I pick up the problem again. NoSQL + graph database? That could be very interesting. In re. your other comment: Thanks for the link! I'll take a look at that. If you love thinking about this sort of stuff, maybe you should get back into it! :-) It's dangerous! One day I'm focusing on solving specific use cases, and the next I'm a hermit in the woods asking, "What does it mean to mean ?" ;) But, you're right. For several years I've been working on self-employment, with the goal of being self-sufficient so I could devote my time to solving my "forever" problems - the #1 problem being this one. That didn't work out, so I'm on the job market. This thread has re-inspired me. Maybe I can find a position solving these problems full-time. That would be great. It seems like you're interested in the same problem space? Definitely hit me up via email: waltergr@gmail.com Naturally a site making it's money off of ads is going to give them an above-the-fold and prominent position. Just scroll down... Google penalizes sites with above-the-fold ads. It doesn't take much at all to earn the penalty. I think that's one reason why people are miffed with Google's excessive ATF advertising on their SERPs. At first glance it also looks like WinFS for the Cloud. > Makes me wonder why Google itself doesnt do it like that. I do believe Google does do it like that. At least, when I had a Twitter search widget on my site, Google indexed the content in that widget. > Berkeley sucks after rewriting its site and removing bunch of old courses, including classic Scheme based CS 61A and courses on Buddhism studies. The oldest CS61A I found on http://webcast.berkeley.edu/series.html#c,d,Computer_Science is spring 2008. It's taught by Brian Harvey and is Scheme-based: http://webcast.berkeley.edu/playlist#c,d,Computer_Science,PL... > So classy. CS61A is one of the best courses I took in college and Brian Harvey was one of the best lecturers I had. So whatever he uses, I'd say it works. That doesn't turn off grouping, it turns off combining. Grouping puts taskbar entries from the same app next to each other. Combining turns multiple entries for the same app into 1 entry. To select a particular window, you have to hover over or click the combined entry - which causes large thumbnails of each of the combined windows to be displayed, then click the appropriate window thumbnail. > source: Working with several homeless organizations. I've a few questions (from legitimate curiosity - I have no point to prove here,) if you'll indulge me: * What percentage of the homeless you've encountered in your work are mentally ill? * What percentage are addicts? * Of those addicts, how many became homeless because they were addicts, and how many became addicts after they became homeless? Amazing tip! FYI: On Windows 7, you need to press Alt+D to get to the location bar. (I believe that's the case for XP as well.) Ctrl+L doesn't seem to do anything. Totally. Also works in Chrome and Firefox. > Those of us who actually used Genera on a Symbolics Lisp Machine really, really hope that anyone who contemplates this sets their sights a helluva lot higher than GNU Emacs. What's the best demonstration of its appeal? Any good videos to watch? Is there an equivalent of Englebart's Mother of All Demos for Lisp machines? The above link is to the first minute and a half of the interview sequence in the original Men in Black movie. Since I don't find RSVP mentioned in the comments here: That technique is called Rapid Serial Visual Presentation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapid_Serial_Visual_Presentatio... (The Wikipedia article should mention saccades ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saccade ) but strangely it doesn't.) I wrote an RSVP reader in the mid-to-late 90s in QuickBasic. I'll have to see if I can dig up that code. :) Does anyone know of any good meta-analyses of studies about happiness / life satisfaction? Or put another way: what does actual research suggest the "commandments" for happiness are? > Most mental health disorders are inherently self-limiting and will disappear without any treatment Source? On Chrome, this will transform the entire web to look like that page. (It's very quick-and-dirty, so not everything works.) 1. Install the Stylebot extension ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylebot/oiaejidbm... ). 2. Click the "CSS" button added to the right of the omnibar. 3. Click "Options..." 4. Click "Styles" in the left sidebar. 5. Click the "Edit Global Stylesheet" button. 6. Enter the following: @font-face { font-family: GlassTTYVT220; src: local("Glass TTY VT220") local("Glass TTY VT220 Medium") url(http://waltergr.com/misc/Glass_TTY_VT220.ttf) format("truetype"); } * { color: #e5b800; background-color: #0a0600; font-family: GlassTTYVT220; font-size: 20px; } 7. Click save. 8. Load / refresh a page. 9. Bask in the amber glow. I didn't want to hotlink the font on someone else's server so I uploaded it to one of mine. You should probably put it on a server you own, which is accessible via SSH, and change http://waltergr.com/.. . to //yourserver.com/... Here's a screenshot of the front page of HN: http://waltergr.com/misc/chrome-vt220-screenshot.png Site is down for me. ("Database error - Error establishing a database connection") Google cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:hTbf6w3... I was really surprised to read that > ClojureCLR development closely tracks progress in the ClojureJVM project. We index many of our commits directly to commits in the Clojure repo, so it should be easy to track our progress. We try to be within a week or so of development milestones on the main Clojure project. https://github.com/clojure/clojure-clr/wiki I thought ClojureCLR had been abandoned after Rich Hickey started working on ClojureJVM. Bug tracker: http://dev.clojure.org/jira/browse/CLJCLR > they focused on running said HTML/Javascript within a performance limited WebView and not the other way around. Could you explain that? I'm not familiar with phone development and I'm having difficulty figuring out what "the other way around" is. I am a software engineer because my last name is Rader. My paternal ancestors had the occupational surname Radermacher (wheel-wright / cart-wright.) Over time, that became shortened to Rader. When my father went to the US Air Force recruitment office to enlist, the recruiter thought it appropriate for William Rader to become a Radar technician. My father learned electronics and went on to become an electrical engineer. He learned industrial automation technologies, including microprocessor design and programming. When microcomputers became small and affordable, he had them at home. I grew up with those computers and was rather fond of them. I went on to earn a CS degree and become a software engineer. If you're wondering why the route has some 'strange' segments (why get off I-10 to head down Orlando way if you're going to drive to Jacksonville later?): The link goes to the "Major U.S. landmarks" road trip. Other trips (including across Canada, South America, and Europe) are listed here: http://rhiever.github.io/optimal-roadtrip-usa/ Sentence segmentation and sentiment analysis may be overkill. N-grams + Naive Bayes is potentially Good Enough. http://www-cs.stanford.edu/faculty lists 55 regular faculty members. http://www-cs.stanford.edu/undergraduate_students lists 808 students. >> Lots of people do energy-related start-ups. > Can you point to some? The "Who's Hiring?" thread for April has several. Just search within the page for "energy": https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9303396 http://blogs.msdn.com/b/vcblog/archive/2013/07/19/c99-librar... describes what they added in VS 2013 and what is still missing. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/vcblog/archive/2014/06/18/crt-featur... from June of last year says in part: In the Visual Studio "14" CTP we have fully implemented the C99 Standard Library, with the exception of any library features that depend on compiler features not yet supported by the Visual C++ compiler (notably, is not implemented). There are undoubtedly some remaining conformance issues-- we know of a few, including that _Exit is missing and wcstok has the wrong signature, and we are working to fix these. "CTP" == "Community Tech Preview", i.e. a beta. That was bog standard at the Microsoft campus in Redmond as of when I left in 2006. Microsoft is/was well-known for giving employees their own office. This is where the "Memex" name comes from: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memex A memex is a "hypothetical proto-hypertext system that Vannevar Bush described in his 1945 The Atlantic Monthly article 'As We May Think'." I'm rather disappointed that DARPA chose it as the name for a project that, according to Wired according to Wikipedia, "aims to shine a light on the dark web and uncover patterns and relationships in online data to help law enforcement and others track illegal activity". It takes an interesting approach to crawling where it renders the page using WebKit, and then exposes the "rendered DOM" -- so that your crawling code doesn't need to actually use JavaScript for information extraction. It is an interesting approach. There's evidence that Google crawls the web that way, though I don't know if it's been confirmed by the company. GoogleBot indexes content rendered by Javascript - even content delivered by an AJAX request. They've announced they are going to start penalizing sites that don't work well on mobile. I don't know the specifics of that (and they probably haven't shared them) but I do know that I've received automated email from Google Webmaster Tools and/or AdSense about one of my sites not working great on mobile: small UI elements grouped too closely together, content that's too wide, etc. What's the best polyfill for flexbox? How do Android's XML and iOS's auto layout compare to Microsoft's WPF? I used the latter around 10 years ago and found it pretty nice. No, DARPA plans to expand Memex so it works outside that single sphere. I'm not reading anything that suggests it's designed to work outside that sphere. But we could go back and forth on the distinction between "seeks to" and "designed to" all night, so I'll leave it at that. :) april 21st Great. April 2011 was when Google launched Panda 1.0, from which I don't think my slang dictionary site has ever recovered. Thanks for the link. I guess I better hop to it. Within the past few days, someone commented with a link to "Floppy Disks: It's Too Late" (2011) from Jason Scott's blog. Here's an excerpt: It’s over. You waited too long. You procrastinated or made excuses or otherwise didn’t think about it or care. You didn’t do anything and it’s too late now. ... If you still have boxes of floppies sitting in your attic or basement or grandparents’ place or wherever else, I’m telling you the days of it being a semi- dependable storehouse are over. It’s been too long, too much, and you’ve asked too much of what the floppies were ever designed to do. http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/3191 That's for 5 1/4" disks. The situation sounds more hopeful for 3 1/2" disks - but if you still have some, now is the time to get that data off. Microsoft _is_ good about backwards compatibility... .ARC was used on MS-DOS systems as well. (Though if the format was ever popular there, it was rare by the time I was old enough to remember.) Phil Katz of PKZIP fame wrote PKARC and PKXARC - both for MS-DOS. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARC_%28file_format%29 What does "trending" mean? It's... popular right now for being quiet? It seems like if you had the data, you could build both an app that's marketed to tell you when places are quiet, and an app that's marketed to tell you when places are lively. EDIT: Or do you envision the app to do both? I'm having a hard time squaring "The Heartbeat of a City" with "Is your favorite place quiet right now? Check it out in realtime and get notified when it’s convenient to drop by."... > Second, I think there are people out there that are not looking for busy bars. Rather quiet ones. I certainly fall into that category. I'm curious what the market size is for people looking for quiet public places vs. lively public places. Is there already a popular app that targets the latter? Has anyone successfully filled the gap left by Foursquare eliminating check-ins? Your comment history led me to the submission. :) "ANSI Art Collection from Old BBSs" - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9401525 Thanks - I'll definitely check out those links. Every time I sit down in front of Win8 I feel like my head is going to explode. I use Windows 8 at work. I power it on, dismiss the new 'start screen', and from that point on it's almost EXACTLY like every version of Windows that came before it. Look: you don't like Metro apps? Then don't use them. As it stands, your problems - and the problems described by every other person on HN who has had their good sense similarly assaulted by Windows 8 - are entirely self-inflicted. You have a choice and you choose to stick with what brings you displeasure. I don't use a Win8 machine myself, so I have never had the cause to modify one back to Win7 behavior. You don't need to "modify it back to Win7 behavior." Dismiss the Windows 8 'start screen' then don't use Metro apps. Magic. But the Win8 machines I have had to use seem to push you back into Metro no matter how often you try to Win-D out of it, e.g. like the Network Settings example I got down-voted for below. You're doing something to cause the behavior you don't like. Were this any other platform, the advice on HN would be: 1. Figure out what you're doing to cause the behavior you don't like. 2. Stop doing it. From the article before it: Before Apple changed copyright law in 1983, "free software" was the norm from DECUS to the 8-bit BBS community. I've heard both IBM and Microsoft be saddled with single-handedly introducing the scourge of non-Free software, but never Apple. Anyone know what the reference is to? You're describing the expected behavior of === and a bug. This is not the === operator "backfiring." PHP's type coercion is nothing like I have every seen in any other language. Its horrendously messy, ugly and completely inexcusable. Is it objectively worse than type coercion in JavaScript? With the recent many posts about Microsoft I've seen several people accuse MS of this. I don't remember patent trolling being in the laundry list from my days reading Slashdot. Can anyone shed some light on what these comments may be referring to? Actually, I was hoping for something more than a single example. Or, did you mean that PHP and JavaScript were neck-and-neck all the way up to that one example, and ultimately it's the very one that proves PHP's type coercion is worse? Interesting. I hadn't heard about that. How much is known overall about the 'taxes' that the mobile players pay each other? The lawsuit timeline is pretty crazy: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smartphone_patent_wars Give me a break. 3 examples isn't enough to answer the question. Your comment history shows you ask questions in lieu of doing your own research. If you don't want to take the time, then move on. With previously working code above and below, I start to declare foo. In the process I introduced unmatched ‘{’; '('; and '"', and am referencing the not yet (fully) declared foo. This is routine editing, but it causes huge problems to tools like * typechecking * go to source * code folding * autocomplete * etc Visual Studio and C# aren't without problems, but they are without this problem. This works fine.[1] I'd be quite surprised if it didn't also work in VS-supported languages such as VB.net, F#, and JavaScript - but I can't attest to it. [1] - I personally find it annoying that VS complains about unmatched punctuation the moment I insert the opening one. "Jesus, VS, give me a minute!" And there are other parts of VS and/or C# that I (and probably you) find annoying. But the above is a Solved Problem, if you choose your tools carefully. If you had a really good, intuitive tree editor People who write Lisp in Emacs seem to swear by Paredit.[1] I've not used it so I can't respond to either "really good" or "intuitive", but let's see if this works: To the Paredit user who just clicked the comments link followed by Ctrl+F paredit: what do you think of it? [1] http://danmidwood.com/content/2014/11/21/animated-paredit.ht... It's not a solved problem if your project is gigantic or if you're doing cross-platform development and don't want to or can't use the build system of the IDE or if it's C++. I can't comment on whether the problem is solved for C++ because I haven't done C++ development in several years. But, for the other potential roadblocks you listed: no, they're all solved. To me solving the problem has a higher bar - you should be able to open a large project for the first time and have usable intelligent editor support within a second. Well, therein lies the rub. With the "intelligence on a novel project within one second" requirement, if it hasn't already been solved then you will never find it to be. Many people are fine with a tool that has a large(r) start-up cost if saves them time (and/or headache) during run-time. Also, I don't think - though I can't prove - that it's common for people to open and close large projects in IDEs often enough that start-up time is a primary concern. Combine that with increased tool feature count and project complexity as time goes on, as well as limited resources for tool development, plus the current start-up times being Good Enough, and the result is a problem that won't get solved. [IDEs] require you to use their build system... I'm not sure what you mean. In my experience, you can use IDEs as glorified text editors - and build from the command line or some other external build tool. BTW, this is a full new release of LispWorks. What's New blurb: "New features in LispWorks 7.0 include a Java interface and improved Unicode support. There are new ports to ARM Linux and PowerPC/AIX, a 64-bit Professional Edition, and new Editions for hobby users at lower prices. Additionally, our new products LispWorks for Android Runtime and LispWorks for iOS Runtime target 'headless' Lisp libraries which you can incorporate into mobile apps." Brief release notes: http://www.lispworks.com/news/news34.html More complete release notes: http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw70/RNIG/html/readme... Price Information for customers in North America and the rest of the world except Europe, India, China (PRC) and Taiwan: The IDE: http://www.lispworks.com/buy/prices-1c.html The "Hobbyist" editions of the IDE: http://www.lispworks.com/buy/prices-1h.html The mobile run times, which require the IDE: http://www.lispworks.com/buy/prices-lw4mr-1c.html (The pricing pages suggest that the mobile runtime licenses are annual whereas the license for the IDE is for a single version and doesn't expire.) And last but not least, the IDE edition comparison table: http://www.lispworks.com/products/features.html Seconding the Clozure CL recommendation. It supports threads on Windows, which really expands your options if you want to do web development in Common Lisp. I run Linux on my web servers but develop from a Windows desktop. CCL works great on both. The article doesn't discuss macros, which is one of the answers to "Why Lisp?" I didn't "get" macros until I read a footnote in the (freely available) book Practical Common Lisp . In chapter 7, it introduces the `dolist` macro. DOLIST loops across the items of a list, executing the loop body with a variable holding the successive items of the list. This is the basic skeleton (leaving out some of the more esoteric options): (dolist (var list-form) body-form*) ...For instance: CL-USER> (dolist (x '(1 2 3)) (print x)) 1 2 3 NIL Buried in a footnote is this: "DOLIST is similar to Perl's `foreach` or Python's `for`. Java added a similar kind of loop construct with the 'enhanced' for loop in Java 1.5, as part of JSR-201. Notice what a difference macros make. A Lisp programmer who notices a common pattern in their code can write a macro to give themselves a source-level abstraction of that pattern. A Java programmer who notices the same pattern has to convince Sun that this particular abstraction is worth adding to the language. Then Sun has to publish a JSR and convene an industry-wide "expert group" to hash everything out. That process--according to Sun--takes an average of 18 months. After that, the compiler writers all have to go upgrade their compilers to support the new feature. And even once the Java programmer's favorite compiler supports the new version of Java, they probably still can't use the new feature until they're allowed to break source compatibility with older versions of Java. So an annoyance that Common Lisp programmers can resolve for themselves within five minutes plagues Java programmers for years." http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/macros-standard-control-cons... When reading other people's code you now effectively have to learn what "language" they use too. That's well said, and in fact it's not uncommon to talk about Lisp's capacity for crafting the language to solve the problem at hand. Paul Graham's essay "Programming Bottom-Up" explains it really really well: "Experienced Lisp programmers divide up their programs differently. As well as top-down design, they follow a principle which could be called bottom-up design-- changing the language to suit the problem. In Lisp, you don't just write your program down toward the language, you also build the language up toward your program. As you're writing a program you may think 'I wish Lisp had such-and-such an operator.' So you go and write it. Afterward you realize that using the new operator would simplify the design of another part of the program, and so on. Language and program evolve together. Like the border between two warring states, the boundary between language and program is drawn and redrawn, until eventually it comes to rest along the mountains and rivers, the natural frontiers of your problem. In the end your program will look as if the language had been designed for it. And when language and program fit one another well, you end up with code which is clear, small, and efficient." http://www.paulgraham.com/progbot.html On the other hand, this really hurts readability. As others have pointed out, no more than unfamiliar classes and so forth. In any language, you can think of programming as building mini languages to solve problems. You have nouns and verbs - types/classes/instances and methods/functions/operators. Lisp gives you those parts of speech and also lets you manipulate the fundamental grammar as well! Essentially programmatically writing the program - is that what Lisp's macros are? Macros are often described that way. "Lisp macros let you write code that writes code!" While that's a true statement, it's kind of useless for coming to an initial understanding of what macros let you really do . Think of it this way. Programming languages have built-in control flow operators like if-then, do, while, and for. Macros let you write your own operators - that work just like the ones built into the language itself. Here's an example. Let's say you want to print a list of names. In a language without an operator specifically for going over lists - and without macros - you may have to write: ListIterator iterator = namesList.GetListIterator(); while(iterator.HasMoreItems()) { string name = iterator.GetNextItem(); print(name); } If you have a language that supports macros, you can create a macro called forEachItemInList. And then it'll work just like it came with the language all along: forEachItemInList(string currentName in namesList) { print(currentName); } If you count how many words the non -macro solution took, it's 13. The macro solution takes 7. Having to solve a problem with more code means more time to understand, teach, write, test, debug, and document - so savings like this can really add up. And there's also the subjective part. Having to write code like in the first example just isn't satisfying . You have to repeat yourself constantly. You may think, "Look, I loop over lists all the time . And it's always the same pattern: I call GetListIterator(), I do a 'while' loop while it HasMoreItems(), then I call GetNextItem(), etc. Why can't I just inform the compiler of the general pattern - and then tell it how to fill in the blanks when I need to actually loop over a list?" And that's what macros let you do. Macros are what made lisp, not parentheses. The parentheses are huge, though. It enables "Code is data" and "Data is code" in a powerful way. About Lisp, people always say "Macros are great" and "Code is data" and "Data is code", but it's hard to see what they mean without good examples. I mean, you can write code that writes code in any language that has a `print` statement. And obviously code is data, so what is that aside from some pseudo-philosophic BS? There's a lot of discussion in this thread about macros - so here's an example of Code and Data Being One, for those that are unconvinced. I hope it'll shed some light. I have a slang dictionary website. It's backed by a database now, but it used to be statically-generated HTML. I represented the data as XML. It looked something like this: impressive. smart. So then I needed an XML parser to parse the data. Maybe it parsed the XML into a object model that the code would navigate and output the appropriate HTML. Or maybe the code got callbacks according to node type and would output the appropriate HTML then. XML is a pretty verbose format, so - this being a Lisp example - we could probably save some typing if we represented the data as an S-expression. The above XML would become something like this: (Term "slick" (PartOfSpeech "adj" (Definition "impressive." ) (Definition "smart." ) ) ) But that's an idiosyncratic style. So, let's lowercase the node types, use hyphens rather than camelCase, and remove the unnecessary line breaks. Now the data looks like this: (term "slick" (part-of-speech "adj" (definition "impressive.") (definition "smart."))) Great. We've got our data. Now we need to write the Lisp code to convert that S-expression data into the appropriate HTML output. We'll need some Lisp functions to handle the nodes and their attributes (such as the definition text and part of speech) and write the HTML for them. We could use an S-expression parser library to load the data, and then walk through it and call those functions. But that's not necessarily the best way. We can simplify it by creating exactly 3 functions that take some arguments and output HTML: term, part-of-speech, and definition. Since Lisp code is - like the data - also represented as S-expressions, once we've written those 3 functions, the data is literally executable Lisp code. only if you don't look too closely Look as closely as you'd like. :) what about break and continue? They are usually supported by native foreach construct but are difficult to build with macros.. For break, DOLIST uses return. I haven't worked with Lisp in some time, so I don't remember if it has a dedicated continue. But a continue is just a break in a loop that doesn't loop. Or a GOTO by another name. Or a jump to a particular case in a switch. But if your looping macro uses a native looping construct or another macro that supports break and continue, then your looping macro will inherit that support, provided that you're careful when writing the macro to do nothing that will break it. If your looping macro doesn't use a construct that supports break and continue, then you're still in luck. Continue I described above. Like continue, break is also GOTO by another name. You've got TAGBODY, GO, CALL/CC, etc. Why do you think that supporting break and continue in macros is difficult? I would love to read a study of how many person-hours of productivity are lost annually to people waiting for laptops and projectors to cooperate so that the meetings can begin. Why was the PhD defense standing-room only? UC Berkeley. Postal addresses, naming humans, encoding written language... Most problems at the intersection of technology and humans are tough. :) It's quite refreshing to see that it explicitly calls out data types not supported. Enabling click-to-play for Flash eliminates - in my experience - more than 99% of the truly obnoxious ads. For example, I literally can't think of a time that I've come across an ad that auto-plays audio when I've had click-to-play enabled. I'm sure it's happened in my web browsing history, but I can't recall a time. I can't help but feel that if people truly believed it when they said, "I'm okay with seeing ads - just not the obnoxious ones ," then they would enable click-to-play rather than installing an ad blocker. As it stands, though, the most-upvoted arguments in favor of wholesale ad blocking are - and will forever be - presented as the trump cards: "Think of the children," and "I'm totally fine with ads - but the bad actors ruined it for me!" Ad blocking isn't piracy - I want to make it very clear that I believe that. That said, I find the arguments in favor of ad blocking to often be similar in flavor to the arguments in favor of piracy: "I'd pay for content, if only they'd charge a reasonable amount for it ." Since "reasonable" is subjective, there's no response that can be made. (There are other arguments in favor of ad blocking, such as the aforementioned Zappos Boots Creepiness.) Spotify doesn't count, since it's partially owned by the record labels. So the last major leap forward was.... iTunes? That was 2001. Also in 2001, http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhapsody_(online_music_servic... : "Rhapsody was the first streaming on-demand music subscription service to offer unlimited access to a large library of digital music for a flat monthly fee..." You might want to go look at the sun-bleached bones of all your predecessors who confidently proclaimed that all the dynamic scripting languages were slow for no good reason and a JIT could totally just JIT all the slowness away. I ask this with the best of intentions: where can I learn more about this? (FWIW, I'm curious specifically about the ways in which Common Lisp (or Lisps in general) does or does not avoid the performance pitfalls of - say - Ruby or Python. But I'm definitely interested in the general topic as well...) One data point: I used it for the first time 2 weeks ago. Meetup.com has calendar feeds. You can get a calendar feed for all the events you've RSVPed "yes" to. You can get individual calendar feeds for each group's events. But there's no way to get a calendar feed of all the events happening in all of your groups. I'm a member of something like 40 groups. The thought of manually adding each feed as a separate calendar in Thunderbird - and the thought of Thunderbird then trying to cope with the result - was... unpleasant. So I set up a pipe to combine all the feeds into one. Very cursory googling suggested that Yahoo Pipes was the easiest way to accomplish this. Fairly slick UI. Unfortunately it turns out that meetup.com apparently serves 503s to requests coming from Pipes. Who is working on a pipes replacement I'm curious if anyone has suggestions about solving a piece of that: What would be the best toolset to recreate the Pipes UI? It's pretty slick, and I could see the underlying UI being useful for modeling a variety of things... Groovy cloned and added closures (since made obsolete by Java 8's lambdas) Java's lambdas aren't real closures, though. Are Groovy's? Edit: "Real" is, I suppose, arguable. By that I meant: Java's lambdas don't support mutation of captured variables. Java's challenge over the next few years is going be how to make compatibility breaking changes to the language and standard library I don't follow Java, so: what sort of breaking changes need to be made? Why? Ah, I see. Thanks. Maybe I'm just biased because I was first introduced to closures by SICP, and so Scheme's take became my personal Platonic Ideal. :) I think the counter-argument is that all mutable state is bad, and the equivalent thing could be accomplished if invoking `blah` returned the next number in the series as well as a new closure that does the same thing. What an odd world we live in. Do you mean that discussing the performance of Linux games is an unfair moving of the goalposts, or that it's odd that Linux caught on enough that we're now discussing the performance of Linux games rather than just their existence? This whole area is very underserved in how people interact with their computers, glad to see people pushing at it. This is something that I'm extremely interested in improving. Are there any tools other than org-mode that you have your eye on? Even if you decided to re-invent all your UNIX scripts and tools on PowerShell, you'd be missing most of the composable tools that make UNIX what it is. PowerShell's composability is based on piping objects rather than piping text. Do you mean that PowerShell can't achieve the same composability that can be achieved on Unix, or that PowerShell lacks for example `cut`? Definitely as far back as Slashdot circa 1998. And almost certainly somewhere else before then. Absolutely consider COBRA. You have 60 days after leaving a job to enroll. (At least in California.) Looking at Covered CA: for the same monthly cost, I would be able to get significantly better Kaiser coverage through COBRA than I would getting a plan through Covered CA. Of course, if your goal is to minimize cost by having just an "I won't go bankrupt if I need to go to the ER" plan, the calculus is different. It seems silly to see so much stuff being recast as JSON, both formally (standards like this one) and informally. Growing up in the 80s, I was mostly too young to remember the rise of XML. (Or more: too young to care much about work around a data format.) Presumably a similar thing happened then? I.e. there were existing formal and ad-hoc standards for representing a variety of concepts, and entirely new formal and ad-hoc standards were created to represent the same concepts in XML? Why not create standards around abstract representations of things, and then create standards for serializing those into concrete formats?! So then we'd already have e.g. Abstract-LD and XML-LD; and JSON-LD would be new. That seems less wasteful than throwing everything out when a different data representation format becomes the new hotness. (Certainly we learn things about the abstract representations as time goes on. That could be handled by versioning. So maybe there'd be XML-LD 1.0 and 2.0, but JSON-LD would only exist in 2.0 form because nobody was interesting in doing the work to define the JSON serialization of Abstract-LD 1.0...) Have you read the essay "Metacrap: Putting the torch to seven straw-men of the meta-utopia" by Cory Doctorow? You may enjoy it: http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm My favorite expression from it: "the lab-coated guardians of epistemology". More fully: "In meta-utopia, the lab-coated guardians of epistemology sit down and rationally map out a hierarchy of ideas..." Ah, yes. :) The passwords I create myself are secure enough . But holy hell, entering them on devices with nerfed keyboards (phones, TVs, etc.) is a royal pain in the ass. So: do I make my passwords less secure and easier to enter on a nerfed keyboard? Avoiding this pain has been the strongest motivation for me to explore password managers. How so? Unless you're dealing with stupid site that knows better how your password should look like. Then you're out of luck. Yup. And that's quite common in my experience. Interesting. How can deeper integration between any language and tools then be compatible with rms's and/or GNU's and/or the FSF's ideology? (Maybe the answer is, "Use Lisp since the syntax is the AST." I'm okay with that. :) Is there any ongoing effort to add 'freeze' and 'thaw' to the standard? Or any browsers that have added them? The idea that Rust is a premature optimization is a weird meme. I don't think the sentence you're referring to is really about Rust per se , but rather the author's feelings about manual memory management. Rust just happened to be the language being discussed at the time: "To use Rust for writing programs that can afford the overhead of garbage collection would be premature optimization." The idea being that manual memory management is such a productivity black hole that the lack of GC in a language dominates any 'Flubby' features the language provides. I've always found Arch to be among the easiest distros to keep tidy. There's people that have been running the same install for many years. Is this uncommon for desktop Linux? Not being a developer for Apple products, what has changed? Submission: Show HN: Hydrogen Brings Light Table to Atom 190 points willwhitney 20 days ago 70 comments https://atom.io/packages/hydrogen There are so many layers of abstraction in the Windows API that it’s a miracle that anyone could maintain it - which probably explains the increasing level of bloat in new versions of Windows. Are there fewer layers of abstraction in other popular OSEs? Thanks. I think that some backwards compatibility can be handled by more code and not necessarily more layers of abstraction, but I get your point. It seems like there are lots of layers in Linux distributions because of the Unix philosophy. For example, to put a window on a screen, aren't the layers something like this: App -> window manager -> desktop environment -> X -> graphics driver (-> hardware) Is that a good approximation? What does that look like on e.g. Windows and Mac OS? Is the situation on Linux similar for audio? From my armchair, my impression is that audio on Linux is/was... complicated. This article is about creating the projections and that they are available. Is there an article describing what the projections have projected? I know backward compatibility with Java 5 is important for the clojure world... Why is that? (I googled but didn't find anything relevant.) NASA has it already. Do they not want to be in the business of interpreting climate data? Or is it too soon even for them? Also, instead of "Desktop environment" you mean GUI widget toolkit. By desktop environment I meant e.g. Gnome or KDE. Aren't they separate from the widget toolkits? change the path separator to '/' I believe that the Windows API supports '/' as a path separator and that it's user mode apps that tend not to. I can't find a good citation for that, though. This stuff is a thicket of special cases: Is it? That's the only special case I find on that page. Are there specific API functions that have other special cases? Support for / as a path separator exists for some built-in commands, but it's very spotty. For example: E:>cd ./work/depot/code E:\Work\depot\code>cd / The syntax of the command is incorrect. E:\Work\depot\code>cd e:/ E:>dir / Invalid switch - "". E:>dir ./ Invalid switch - "". E:>dir e:/ Invalid switch - "". Oh, that's right. I remember that. Good example - thanks! I don't think it was about networking, necessarily. Here are a couple references: http://superuser.com/questions/176388/why-does-windows-use-b... MS-DOS 1.0 (which did not support directories at all) was already using / to introduce command-line options. It took this usage of / from CP/M, which took it from VMS. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/larryosterman/archive/2005/06/24/432... goes into more detail. make a clean room reimplementation Which, as far as I understand it, could be someone posting a human-language description of the algorithm here (based on the blog post,) then ReactOS writing code based on that description. (IANAL.) I can't believe I didn't know that. Thanks. Real bummer that you have to specify the drive letter. (At least on Win7, where I just tried it.) The behavior is kind of interesting for 'dir' at least: E:>dir "/" Directory of \\ File Not Found E:>dir \\ The filename, directory name, or volume label syntax is incorrect. Same result for «dir "//"». (For those not experienced with the Windows command prompt, seeing "Directory of \\" is unexpected, and seeing it means that something interesting must be going on.) You are technically correct. The relevance of the article's mention of the "Flame" malware was puzzling, since no context is provided and the linked Wired article doesn't shed any light. Wikipedia has this to say, which seems to solve that puzzle: "Flame was signed with a fraudulent certificate purportedly from the Microsoft Enforced Licensing Intermediate PCA certificate authority. The malware authors identified a Microsoft Terminal Server Licensing Service certificate that inadvertently was enabled for code signing and that still used the weak MD5 hashing algorithm, then produced a counterfeit copy of the certificate that they used to sign some components of the malware to make them appear to have originated from Microsoft. A successful collision attack against a certificate was previously demonstrated in 2008, but Flame implemented a new variation of the chosen-prefix collision attack." http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flame_%28malware%29 Whoops - I didn't remember that Wikipedia uses a separate domain for mobile browsers. Here's the 'real' link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flame_%28malware%29 I make a webcomic... I also block ads aggressively... I put my adblocking mouth where my money is: as long as I'm getting enough money per new page of comics on Patreon, I don't have any ads on my current project. It's been great to not have anything trying to distract people from reading my content. Sometime next year, as the Patreon income rises, I'll turn off ads on all my comics, new or old. Sorry to simplify, but I'm not familiar with your work: Is it safe to say that you 1. show exactly enough advertisements to earn what you subjectively feel is a salary commensurate with your investment -- time investment or otherwise 2. block all ads from other sites? (Disclaimer: I make a portion of my income from ads.) ...it can actually be cheaper in the end to give homeless people homes than to keep them homeless. Here's a source: "The surprisingly simple way Utah solved chronic homelessness and saved millions" - http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/inspired-life/wp/2015/04/... That's not necessarily the best source - it just happened to be towards the top of the following SERP, which finds quite a few articles: https://www.google.com/search?q=give+homeless+homes Things that can take 1-3 keystrokes instead take 30 seconds. This kind of editor mastery is oft mentioned, but I've never seen it. Does anyone know of a good video demonstrating editor virtuosity? Ideally while actually coding - not synthetic examples. Any editor, any platform, any language, etc. Were Windows and Office ever part of the same org? I don't believe so - at least in this century. In fact, my understanding is that the antitrust consent decree required a separation between the OS and applications orgs. I don't remember the Longhorn problems being due to any friction between the developer division and the Windows org. Rather, mostly Microsoft bit off more than it could chew, and somewhat the perf of .NET on the average machine of the day wasn't up to snuff. If I recall correctly, there were also issues with managed-native interop that really threw a wrench into the works when developing the new (.NET-based) shell. EDIT: There could also have been issues due to the antitrust consent decree - but that's speculation - I don't remember the details of the decree. If that is the case, then parent comment could be correct. The main reason is that Microsoft wasn't on track to ship the OS with its grand vision (the "Pillars of Longhorn," which included e.g. WinFS) in any reasonable amount of time. For example, it wasn't the case that Longhorn was code complete and the Powers that Be said, "You know, the perf isn't where we'd like it, so time to reset." Or that the only work that was happening was perf work. There were just too many parts to the grand vision of Longhorn, and hence too many moving pieces, and it just never solidified. IIRC, around the time of the reset, bugs were being opened at a faster rate than they were being closed. So not only was Longhorn not going to be ship-ready in any reasonable amount of time, at that rate it was never going to be ship-ready at all . None of those are required or even recommended to succeed. If you want to develop websites - sure. But there are many other kinds of development work. (Interestingly, Oberon was mentioned in the comments on the Web Asm submission today: "Oberon language had a similar system called Juice back in 1997. It does exactly the same thing, e.g. using binary format to store a compressed abstract syntax tree as intermediate format which can be compiled efficiently and quickly. I think it even has a browser plugin much as Java applet..." https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9733520 ) And TC = Technical Committee. That's what pedants do. When I was a kid learning line number BASIC, adults answered my questions knowing that I'd figure out The Right Way before anyone hired me to write the code for radiation treatment devices. The tech community's obsession with "The Five Why's" is toxic. When asking questions, you always have to first prove that you deserve an answer. It becomes a process of trying to anticipate any potential reason someone might have to argue "You're doing it wrong" - and preempt that. You can't just ask a question: you have to both ask and justify. Mostly I just don't bother, and I suspect that I'm not alone. And I have a degree and industry experience. It must be incredibly frustrating and discouraging for beginners. I don't know if it's as basic as @schoen wanted but it might be close. I remember Code Complete as being a guide for advanced developers on how to take their craft to the next level. Does my memory deceive me? The above link is to a Hyperbole and a Half cartoon image of a person and the words "No, see, that solution is for a different problem than the one I have." Blind links aren't polite. :) Okay, thanks. I read it cover-to-cover before I interviewed at Microsoft my senior year in college. But - like the developer in Zed's article - I must have forgotten. :) Really interesting. Mid-2003 is when I started at Microsoft. Though: out in MSN, not where the action was. :) Has Moore's Law really broken down that severely 'lately'? I'm reminded of one of Kurzweil's books that shows 'Moore's Law' holding since before digital computers. But - the book shows - zoomed in, the trend line is actually a succession of periods of fairly rapid growth followed by stagnation. (Obviously though one question is how cherry-picked the underlying data was...) Edit: The book was The Singularity is Near . Sources? That all sounds interesting. Anyone care to explain something that I might be missing? Perhaps her primary concern isn't a cash payout. ...she tried to extort money? ...she lost, and they weren't doing anything wrong. Sorry, sarcasm doesn't carry well over the Internet... Are you saying that because she lost that implies that she was engaging in extortion? Her offering a high or higher number doesn't imply that she was only out for cash. Perhaps that amount was what she considered sufficient to punish KP appropriately. And for the record: Consider this statement as me playing the race card. But look: I wasn't on the jury, and I haven't reviewed the court records, and like everyone else here I'm playing armchair quarterback. I am not a native speaker, so I might have been misunderstood ...?? No, you weren't. In the U.S. the primary way to get redress in these kinds of situations is a lawsuit with a concrete financial reward. And to some people, the seeking of a financial reward implies only the desire for the financial reward . So by that logic: by virtue of seeking redress you're only out for some cold hard cash. And what easier reason is there to decide to not believe a person's claims? $2.7 million is the exact amount that her husband owes in legal fees regarding that ponzi scheme he supposedly ran. So, on one hand that sounds suspicious. On the other, I know how quickly the Internet (flash) mob is to pick up torches and pitchforks. At the end of the day, what are we to do? Trust juries as the final arbiter, when we know that they're not infallible? Trust reddit - same, if not more? Has her husband been convicted of running a Ponzi scheme - or is it merely "alleged"? Did literally none of EP's lawyers think, "You know... that number is too obvious. We should fudge it a little."? Armchair quarterbacks. :) You should contact her and let her know that that's the min bar. Very cool. Do you know of any particularly good (English) sources to learn more about the OS, that you could recommend? I've always been curious about Lisp machines... Was the Oberon OS composed of Oberon code from the lowest to the highest levels? His point is still correct. "The plural of 'anecdote' is not 'data.'" How many complete rewrites of Internet Explorer have we had since then? None? There's an ongoing one that was announced in January with a preview released in March. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Edge Microsoft Edge is Project Spartan. "Microsoft Edge, initially developed under the codename Project Spartan..." (same Wikipedia link as above) Yeah, that's an amazing image. I thought it must be doctored... but in the intro to the recording of their testimony, the person speaking ("chairman"?) says: "Due to the sensitivity of the work done at the L0pht they'll be using their hacker names of Mudge, Weld, Brian Oblivion, Kingpin, Space Rogue, Tan, and Stefan." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVJldn_MmMY XML was never intended as a memory-efficient format... I wonder if it was assumed during the creation of XML that it would usually be compressed. The largely symmetric open and close tags compress quite well... I get a pang of... something, every time I have to omit the full stop Good. :) One thing that's very nice about the full stop: You know that you've read to the end of something. In the absence of one, there's always the chance that text has been cut off So very true. And I struggle with this. "Why should I write something out when tools could do it for me? Isn't me specifying it, then, just me being overly verbose?" But tools often don't - and may never . I'm curious: In any tool for any revision control system ever: in a list of commits, are the commit messages augmented with something useful beyond the basics? ("Basics" being e.g. the first 'n' characters of the human-provided commit message, a revision identifier, a timestamp, and a username.) Tesseract does no layout analysis. So if the source image contains text columns or pull quotes or similar, the output text will just be each row of text, from the far left to the far right. Speculation here, but based on the context, I think the question is: Some daemon-izer solutions will monitor the daemon and e.g. restart it if it's unresponsive. How do you handle this slash how is this handled in the Common Lisp world? How do you deal with existing connections to the Lisp service when you want to deploy? e.g. remove from load balancer, wait up to n minutes for connections to drain?, git pull, quit, restart Lisp, re-add to load balancer. ? The screen capture shows what - in context - is a pretty cool effect. When the FF window disappears and at the same time the visual bell causes the Terminal window to flash white, the Emacs window behind it bleeds through and quickly fades out. It's like a moment of rage causing brief hyper-awareness. (Alas, that's an artifact of semi-transparent Terminal / OS X windows, which in normal usage is quite annoying...) That doesn't seem to be the case, at least for UTC. (Do scientists use a special calendar that reflects Leap Seconds more quickly?) http://datacenter.iers.org/eop/-/somos/5Rgv/getTX/16/bulleti... "Leap seconds can be introduced in UTC at the end of the months of December or June, depending on the evolution of UT1-TAI. Bulletin C is mailed every six months, either to announce a time step in UTC or to confirm that there will be no time step at the next possible date." (That said, saving them up until the next Leap Year would mean a maximum discovery-to-implementation interval of 8 years, rather than the current 1 year max.) a PO Box address Last time I checked, which was probably a couple years ago, you couldn't use a PO Box address. In the U.S., some/all post offices have added the option of real "street addressing." Before, you'd have to use PO Box 123, City, State. But with street addressing, now you can use - say - 45 Main St #123, City, State. Non-USPS places have had this sort of thing for a while. Some will even "let" you call it "Suite 123" - despite it being a small metal box with not much room for furniture. (I think the "letting" part is more them just not caring, and only looking at the numbers. It's not impossible but I'd be surprised if there were actual laws covering that. Though it could be a factor if something like fraud were being committed. IANAL.) All the bugs discovered by musl, and how many are glibc-related: That's just a crazy number of bugs. The page doesn't say how they were found. By building test suites during the creation of musl? Do conformance suites not already exist?? Or were these (hypothesized) tests just more rigorous? I was actually trying to find automatically-updating charts with 1-minute granularity on Pingdom yesterday. It doesn't seem to exist on Pingdom, but this site has it. So that part at least seems nice. Googling, it seems like there has been some confusion in the past about what constitutes a "physical address" for the purposes of domain registration, but I don't see anything that suggests that PO boxes aren't allowed. I've love to know a scenario where OLE is actually used today. Does it play no part in all of the [Clojure/Python/other langauge]-in-Excel posts that tend to get a decent number of upvotes here? Maybe I'm mistaken about that - but it could have powered the kind of uber-notebook-in-Emacs packages that seem to be gaining popularity lately - twenty years ago. buy Windows 10 Pro for $164 but it will break compatibility with their Office Software How so? How many hours did you spend on the book to get to this point? Could you... round to the nearest hundred? Selenium allows you to automate a real browser and capture the responses, hell if need be you can create a fake profile with Chrome and make it completely indistinguishable. Are there no headless browsers that let you accomplish the same thing? Honest question... I've used Selenium, but I just assumed that headless browsers were exactly: real browsers minus the UI. What problems are caused by browser automation? Automated registrations. Automated registration confirmations. Fake comments. Fake votes. Referrer spam. Bad analytics data. Ad clicks. You're completely correct. Those kinds of security issues are the low-hanging fruit that's largely been fixed by now. ...like JavaScript, should be disabled by default and enabled only on sites that you really trust and need it... I browse the web using Chrome with JavaScript off by default. It's a royal pain in the ass. I can't imagine that non-power users would have any tolerance at all for all that hassle. I dislike the comparison to IE6 because it's easily shot down with the many ways in which the situation is different. Inseparable from an OS version and falling behind the state of the art. What else is there? The only precise name is MDMA. There's also "Molly," which is the street name for pure MDMA. (Though: most terms are tied to a specific geography.) ...nor would they know how to chemically identify if what they bought might contain MDMA. True, but that's not unique to MDMA users. cf. the heroin in the Netherlands that was being sold as cocaine, and which lead to several deaths. Organizations such as Dance Safe have existed for decades (in the U.S. at least) to let people test their drugs to make sure they're ingesting what they intend to ingest. "I heard about the Apple Watch recently and was going to check it out—but not now. It can't even transmit or input data. ☯93JAN" Prescient. Legitimate questions: Many websites had to be specifically coded for IE as it wouldn't render correctly many basic parts of HTML/CSS. Was IE6 demonstrably less compliant than other contemporary browsers? I recall - similarly - sites that were "Best viewed in Netscape Navigator at foo x bar resolution." Also Microsoft would unilaterally add proprietary features IIRC, IE6 added XmlHttpRequest, which - though there were other workarounds to accomplish the same thing - enabled AJAX. Do not other browsers even today add their own features (e.g. browser-prefixed CSS properties) prior to standardization? ...and tie their software to it e.g. Outlook/Sharepoint Okay, that's definitely bad. Standards compliance, security and speed were much bigger issues. In these respects, how did it compare to other contemporary browsers? no more autoplay videos on random news sites. Firefox has built-in "click to play" for plugins. There are extensions for all other browsers. How so? So it became successful because it was the best option? I don't think that deserves the dismissive "only became successful because..." By the 60s, the Russians were concentrating on ballistic missiles, and not much more work was put into air defense in the U.S. How does one defend against ICBMs? Is that not considered "air defense"? By the 80s, a smaller group of F-15s were presumably adequate to defend the U.S., nevermind the missiles. "Nevermind the missiles"? Do you mean: a smaller group of F-15s was adequate to defend the US if by "defend the US" we mean completely ignoring the missiles? The Russians kept improving their system though, and it remains quite powerful. Where can one learn more, or what web search keywords are good? And if he targeted the ad to exactly 7 people, how did enough of Angelpad's founder's friends see it to inundate him with email? ANSI control characters include cursor positioning, so in theory you could implement marquee messages. The problem would be introducing delay. I don't recall if you can do that using ANSI. You can emulate it by doing repeated cursor repositioning, but that would be rendered so quickly that the commit message would have to be enormous to include any appreciable delay. I'm wondering the same thing. Even trickier: on a Mac using VMWare Fusion, you can have a Windows partition that you can both boot into and run as a VM within OS X. Sometimes my friends say I'm forgetful, but I usually put it down to being trolled because I am sure the event or whatever didn't happen. Obviously I don't know you or your friends but... at least in my personal social milieu - and those I've been witness to - this kind of "trolling" doesn't happen. Do you have sibling or other close relative or friend who remembers your life with more clarity than you do? If so, consider speaking with a medical professional. It would be interesting to know if my sleeping problems were connected to my potential forgetfulness. So, even if not, wouldn't hurt to have a conversation. They may not know shit about programming, but in my personal experience, they tend to know more than me about what's considered "normal." Though I can't recall any specific examples, I've heard that the experiments carried out in Nazi Germany added significantly to the scientific literature about what happens to the human body under extreme conditions. ...like Windows. A bad program running in userspace can essentially ruin your system as much as a program running as root. How so? Are you talking about pre-Vista - i.e. versions of Windows in which the user created during first run was an Administrator, and UAC didn't exist - though you could certainly create non-administrator accounts? Vista came out eight years ago... Or do you mean pre-NT, when there was no separation of any kind? NT came out 22 years ago... Beyond the fact that I wouldn't use a language without a native code compiler, the worst obstacle seems to be that you can't integrate Smalltalk into other OSs. You have to “boot” into a Smalltalk universe and do everything in its terms. All Smalltalk implementations work like this? As such a heavy user of bookmarks that I pay cash money for a 3rd party bookmark manager: literally any improvements would be great. The built-in bookmark managers of browsers - especially mobile ones - are incredibly anemic. EDIT: The bookmark manager I pay for is called Linkman - http://www.outertech.com/en/bookmark-manager . I first bought it around 10 years ago and still use an old version, so unfortunately I'm neither up-to-date with its present capabilities nor the current landscape of 3rd party bookmark managers. And it will be a Lisp. :) How so? College football seems to be pretty popular among both college students and college alumni. If you want an OSX which doesn't require reboots OSX is the answer. OSX requires a reboot after the weekly OS updates that each contain dozens upon dozens of security fixes. That OSX doesn't require reboots (and that it has a security track record that's better than Windows) is the Slashdot-esque 'inverse FUD' you realize you unconsciously bought into only after the fact. ...then again, most people don't install Windows... on hardware as heterogenous and diverse as what GNU/Linux frequents. Leaving out the very micro (Raspberry Pi, etc.) and the very macro (supercomputing clusters) I highly, highly doubt that's the case. Before you buy a computer you plan to install Linux on, you check the compatibility lists. Before you buy a laptop to run Linux on, you check whether Linux has drivers for the Wifi chipset. Buying a graphics card? Does Linux have drivers that can fully exploit it? Arguments about Linux's alleged superior hardware compatibility seem to always be based on anecdotes about that one time a relative's Windows computer wouldn't talk to some printer. Walk into any Fry's or other similar store, pick a random piece of hardware off the shelf, and there's a significantly better chance of it both a. working at all and b. being fully supported on Windows over Linux. Yup. Slashdot is still one of the ~1,500 most popular sites on the web. hop on the Amazon hate. Stories about how horrible Amazon is to work for have been coming out for years . This isn't some brand new bandwagon - it just happened that 2 such stories were posted on HN within 2 or so days. I remember another similar article, which wasn't specific to a particular service. I probably found the link on HN, but I can't find anything. There's this, which I don't think is what I was thinking of: The abandoned college campuses of Second Life http://fusion.net/story/181901/we-took-a-tour-of-the-abandon... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10079400 Now and forever, I reserve the right to read documents that I'm interested in, without any ads visible. If the web economy cannot exist without this, then I want to find another way. Out of curiosity - and as a software engineer who makes his living partially from the intellectual property he creates - why do you feel entitled to arbitrary content on your terms? Do we all have a moral right to unencumbered and payment-less access to the new Britney Spears album? Wouldn't it make more sense to only consume media that's legitimately available in a way that you find acceptable? That's one way to steer content creators towards that world, right? UC Berkeley You're looking at around $27,000 or more per year. http://admissions.berkeley.edu/costofattendance As a tourist from the US, I thought that some of the selections were quite good, and I went back several times. There were always other people there. This was circa 2005. Whee anecdotes! (For people following this thread, the above response isn't from the person I originally replied to.) You "earn a living" producing content. So you say "because other people want to see my content, I have a right to my lifestyle (of getting paid.)" Except I don't. I don't feel entitled to get paid in some arbitrary way that's convenient for me. I'm happy that I can produce software and content and be paid for it - but I don't feel that I have a right to that by virtue of being born. It just so happens that the IP laws in my country of residence allow me to do so. Which perhaps is why I'm a bit puzzled as to why people would feel entitled to what I - and others - produce and make available under certain terms that they might not be happy with, simply because they were born and want the content. I just don't get the sense of entitlement. But I acknowledge that this isn't something we're going to resolve in the HN comments section. EDIT: Followup questions: It seems like preventing someone from accessing something that they have a right to is immoral. Consider that I have a website with content that I've created. If I work to hide that content from visitors who have an ad-blocker enabled, am I behaving in an immoral way? If that site had its content behind a paywall and I actively disable accounts when I detect that they're being shared, am I behaving in an immoral way? If the site has its content behind a paywall and I actively serve DMCA requests when I find that content published elsewhere without my consent, am I behaving in an immoral way? If people are entitled to "culture", as you state, if the content from that site were instead a physical book, and I owned a book store that sold copies of the book, and I called the police when people were shoplifting the book, would I be behaving in an immoral way? What if that was the only book that I carried at the store and I locked the door to the store at night. Is that immoral? Is it not immoral for me to publish it in book form to begin with? If you're entitled to culture, shouldn't culture-creators make the culture available in the easiest form for you to get at it? Making the culture available as a physical object - with all that entails - probably isn't the easiest way for you to get access to it. If you don't "feel entitled to get paid," then what do you really have to complain about when someone wants it for free? I'm not complaining. I'm trying to understand a perspective that I'm having a hard time empathizing with. And don't you think it's a little unfair that you'd attribute to others a "sense of entitlement" and to you a "virtue of good fortune" for participating in comparable behavior? Not in the slightest, since as I said above I don't feel entitled to payment for it. But I'm certainly happy that I can support myself via the creation of non-physical works. I recommend you stop using the phrase "sense of entitlement" What would you prefer that I use? I'm not going to call it the "right" to the free, unfettered access to the non-physical creations of others, because I don't believe it is a right. You are entitled to payment for your work. Others are entitled to culture and attention management. You give some of yours, others give some of theirs. And everybody argues that they are giving more than the other, so as to get the best deal they can get for what they offer. That seems like a good summary of the perspective. Thanks. Also see Why is Smalltalk Dead? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10071681 87 points 5 days ago 61 comments ( http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?WhyIsSmalltalkDead ) How is it home row oriented? (Admittedly, I only used in-browser search for "home" and found nothing.) Since moving from the home row has such a massively destructive , measured, and reproducedly measured effect on productivity and geek credibility, I've always thought that editors should accept no other keypresses than those on the home row. Every keyboard key that isn't caps lock, asdfghjkl;' or enter should be a key chord. (And not a key sequence, because that would not be productive: a real key chord.) The next step is to release a physical keyboard that has exactly 10 keys, since moving the forefingers to press G and H, and moving the pinkies to press caps lock, apostrophe, and return is such a tremendous affront to good taste. And editors should refuse to accept mouse input, as well. Ideally, touching the mouse would cause an electric shock, but that would require hardware modification. Read How to Win Friends and Influence People This is a tremendous, potentially life-changing book with a title that is unfortunately a huge turnoff. This is a book that very much should not be judged by its cover. Don Syme, creator of the F# language, wrote to an OCaml mailing list about how hard it was to get generics into the CLR. How MSCorp viewed it as "academic" and "experimental". Link? Did they? Can you think of something to google? Their editors have an Expand Selection command, which, given the initial cursor position on the first line shown below, will result in subsequent executions of Expand Selection highlighting the text shown on each subsequent line. System.out.println("Hello wor_ld") System.out.println("Hello #world#") System.out.println("#Hello world#") System.out.println(#"Hello world"#) System.out.#println("Hello world")# Are you thinking of something else? GNU clisp has a more feature-full REPL, so you may see that used occasionally. For web programming? My understanding is that clisp doesn't support any kind of threading, which definitely makes it impossible to use at least Hunchentoot. And since this article is about Hunchentoot, my understanding is that using clisp will make it literally impossible to follow this article. EDIT: It looks like clisp has experimental threading support if you compile it correctly: http://www.clisp.org/impnotes/mt.html So I guess the better question is: does Hunchentoot work on clisp? What practical effect has this had on groves and herds in California, and on the California drought in general? a. What is a speech recognition "toolkit"? Does it transform audio data into text? b. How does Kaldi compare to any other "toolkit"? I clicked the Github link, read the README, found the link to the project home page, read that, clicked the Documentation link, and read "About Kaldi", and haven't found the answer for a., and the answer for b. is clearly beyond me.[1] [1] "Kaldi is similar in aims and scope to HTK... Important features include: Code-level integration with Finite State Transducers (FSTs). We compile against the OpenFst toolkit (using it as a library)." etc. Interesting, thanks. I didn't understand how Don Syme needed to convince Microsoft since he is part of Microsoft. From the blog: > Generics for .NET and C# in their current form almost didn't happen: it was a very close call, and the feature almost didn't make the cut for Whidbey (Visual Studio 2005). Features such as running CLR code on the database were given higher priority. > ... > Ultimately, an erasure model of generics would have been adopted, as for Java, since the CLR team would never have pursued a in-the-VM generics design without external help. I have no particular reason to doubt his perspective - and I certainly don't have any inside knowledge - but a feature not making the cut for version N doesn't always imply that a shitty version would have been implemented in version N+1. > The world is as it is today because we act when we have the chance to act, and because we invest in foundations that last the test of time. Could this be a case of the victors getting to write the canonical history? MS language tech is pretty much stagnated for 8 years now. Feels like IE all over again. Nah. Sure, C# 6.0 is largely smaller tweaks here and there, but by all measures the team has been busy with Rosyln, which is huge. Out of curiosity, are there language features that you think should be added to C#? For C# to be like IE, the world would need to have moved on and C# would have to be behind in this new world. It doesn't seem like that's the case. And compared to Java, C# moves at a pace that's absolutely breakneck. What has Java gotten in the pat 8 years? Crappy not-closures? They trounced their major competitor (Java) Microsoft may have trounced Java-on-Windows, but overall Java is more popular than C# by a significant margin. Thanks for the clear description of the situation. So (metaphorically speaking) this sounds like Google's Tesseract OCR "engine"[1]: yes it'll recognize letters - but it does no layout analysis. It's only one piece of a much larger puzzle. [1] https://code.google.com/p/tesseract-ocr/ Of course I have - including when I was at Microsoft. The difference is that I don't refer to my employer in the third person. I thought the phrasing was strange. It confused me why he needed to convince Microsoft ("MSCorp") since he is a part of Microsoft. Reading the blog post linked in the comment I was replying to brought the needed clarity: he was talking about convincing Microsoft-not-Microsoft-Research ("MSCorp") while he was at Microsoft Research. Edit: This is probably too negative of a comment. It's just years of frustration with MS coming out, that's all. Par for the course, I think. :) Gamedev? Do you mean the Graphics section? The fact that it’s built on Emacs is a problem, as telling a new user they have to learn Emacs before using SLIME (which is not strictly true) is a significant artificial barrier to entry. Yes, it is true. It's ridiculous to expect a person new to a language to also learn Emacs. It is absolutely a significant barrier to entry. Skip the complicated stuff and pretend you're using Notepad. No? Being a beginner to Lisp doesn't imply being a beginner to programming. Why would an experienced non-Lisp programmer find being subjected to a Notepad-like development experience worth even the slightest consideration? (EDIT: And non -experienced non-Lisp programmers also have a preferred tool-set, which is likely superior to Notepad.) Emacs can be great - to some people. The "You have to use Emacs to program in Lisp" meme is not great. I see Postmodern and Elephant mentioned frequently around the web - but not in this list. Are they no good? You don't. Nobody stops you to use vim and fire a clisp repl instead if you want. Of course. And there could very well be a service that accepts handwritten source code via the post, transcribes it, executes it, and mails you the output. In context, I'm responding to the following: • the article's preference for beginner-friendly suggestions (e.g. don't overwhelm beginners with an abundance of choice) • the specific text I quote in my original comment above, and • the fact that Emacs+SLIME is the de facto standard answer to every Lisp beginner who asks for an IDE. But, you have choices. Correct. It would be nice if they were appropriately presented to beginners. like allegro for example that comes with a nice IDE: allegro-composer. Do you... use Allegro? Do you find it good? Have you used LispWorks? In the past couple/few years, Franz introduced a single-stepper.[1] They released a video alongside the new feature, demonstrating it. Literally, by 20 minutes into the video, the narrator was still mucking about with configuration and such and hadn't gotten to the point of being able to single-step through Lisp code. (Also, Allegro's licensing terms require a runtime license fee for every unit of software developed with Allegro that you distribute. LispWorks' do not.) [1] (It's unconscionable to me that that could be a new-ish feature. I don't even know that I had heard of the term "single-stepper" prior to that - I always just assumed it was a natural v0.1 part of a debugger that didn't bear even mentioning. But what can you do...) For those who don't care to click links to see what they're about: Face detection for cats in JavaScript (github.com) 80 points by stevewilhelm 1062 days ago | flag | 36 comments ...which is a link to M, a personal digital assistant inside Facebook Messenger (wired.com) 170 points by jasonlbaptiste 2 hours ago | flag | 76 comments What didn't you like about Windows 10? I had been using Windows 8.1 and consider it to be one of the worst desktop operating systems I've used in the last 10 years. Why? It's Windows 7 with a few improvements. I'm vaguely aware that there's this "Metro" stuff that people dislike, but aside from dismissing the 'start screen' when you reboot - and there may very well be a configuration setting to bypass it and go directly to the desktop - you otherwise literally never have to deal with it. Ah. I guess my experience was different because I installed apps that I preferred over the built-in ones and found a start menu replacement. I don't know what you mean. There are pre-installed apps on OS X, Linux, and Windows. If you don't care for the pre-installed ones, you can install ones that you prefer. Same with the kind-of default 'controls' like the Start Menu, or the Dock, or what various Linux distros call their equivalents. Windows 8/8.1 is Windows 7 with a few improvements and some "Metro" stuff that you can almost entirely avoid. Really? What a blabla article, with no investigative journalims. Have they analysed the encrypted (SSL) data traffic to dozens of domains? Of course not. Has anyone, or is this just FUD? I recently got a Mac - I'm typing this in OS X, so how does Windows 10 compare to OS X, out of curiosity? Linux certainly wins on this point, though. Unless Ubuntu has telemetry? these bugs are reported in the two days after the releasing of Windows 10, but most of them are still not fixed yet now. It was released a month ago. Does any operating system have that kind of turnaround? Another option is: Windows has had built-in support for focus-follows-mouse since at least Windows 2000. (Enabling it means that keyboard input also goes to the window under the cursor, natch. But I prefer that: I find it dramatically reduces the amount of clicking I do.) Focus-follows-mouse can be enabled by editing the registry, or using a utility such as the (small) xmouse-controls: https://github.com/joelpurra/xmouse-controls . How likely is it that these apps will be built? 100%. One of those is Crystal, by Dean Murphy. His pitches: ... Pages render more than 3.9x faster on average. How is that measured? Do ads delay the rendering of the important, non-ad content by nearly 4x? Or does that content render before ads, and the ads take a long time to render? Put another way: am I going to see the content I care about 3.9x faster? Given that ads on mobile typically block you from seeing the content until you've clicked through the ad In my experience, ads on mobile that don't block you from seeing content are more common than those that do. I wonder if anyone has any hard data on this. True - and every operating system has these little niggles that are huge annoyances to some people - c.f. the person who switched to Linux because one version of Minesweeper in Windows needs an internet connection. But if solitaire not being in a window leads one to the conclusion that the solitaire-containing version of Windows is one of the worst desktop operating systems a person has used in the last 10 years - or that it's indicative of a horrible overall user experience... well then I think one is being at best hyperbolic, and at worst complaining about something that would get a person run out of a discussion about any other operating system - after you're given a selection of about a hundred different solitaire programs to try. Needing to replace the start menu, which is an integral part of the desktop manager hardly qualifies as a standard practice for a consumer-grade operating system. And I find the OS X Dock to be an utter abomination. I took advantage of the power I have to install software and installed a replacement. I found the shipped state of Windows 8 unusable as a power user so I needed to replace it as well. Good on you. Though, I still don't understand what the comment I was replying to meant by, "Step 1: replace everything with something else." That seems like a recipe for regression nightmares. Do these fixes go into 'main' and get pushed out immediately to all Ubuntu users? Or are you on the bleeding edge? "Many Findings About Psychology Findings Not Being as Strong as Claimed Not as Strong as Claimed, Study Says" As the traffic is encrypted you cannot see the raw data but the various domains. iOS, Android, and Ubuntu also encrypt the telemetry traffic for the same reason: security. Just like Windows. If they didn't encrypt it, then anyone on the same network - such as the Wi-Fi at your local Starbucks - could see your OS and programs phoning home. This is not some evil Microsoft conspiracy: it is the cost of doing business. In iOS, Android and Ubuntu Linux the phone-home feature(s) can be easily deactivated, that's the point. Can you disable every phone-home feature on those OSes? Which features can't be disabled on Windows 10? I'm legitimately curious because I have Windows 7 and am contemplating the upgrade. For example, a search engine could add a small factor to search results from "friendly" companies, and subtract a factor from results from competitors. Google absolutely does this - for example, to a site that I own. So it's not just theory: Google has put it into practice. In this case, my site is subject to the "subtract a factor from results from competitors", but that's equivalent to Google's preferred site buying rank. Unless you're talking about AdWords, it is not possible to pay Google in any way to improve the ranking of your site. Only officially. Has Google ever officially stated that they've done away with the old practice of buying rank? The same thing happens now, just unofficially. Employees of Google manipulate its search rankings, even if there is no "official" way for companies to purchase rank. Launchy sits there with 30mb ram used and no cpu used when not in use. n.b. Launchy 2.6 beta 2 on Windows - the most recent version since 2008 - pegs a CPU while it's running. In Explorer the spacebar is used for typing spaces. That sounds like a bug It is a bug, but it also means that Launch doesn't consume negligible CPU. 2.6b2's default behavior is to index too agressively. There are fixes out there, for those (like myself) who want to build their own binaries on Windows. something to do with your system Nope. https://www.google.com/search?q=launchy+cpu+usage I'd give a better link but I'm on my phone. "Bloated" is a just a pejorative term that means nothing more interesting than "Contains feature(s) that I don't personally use." Microsoft OneNote isn't? Honest curiosity. I haven't use either, much. I think WinFS sort of was replaced with Cloud Storage and all of the Websites that allow you to store files in the Cloud. How so? The point of WinFS was to store an object graph representing your data in a DB. It was more or less antithetical to files. (Disclaimer: I was on the WinFS team.) this time it's real, shipped code WinFS was real. Before the project was cancelled, we released a beta and a "beta refresh" - both installable on XP. (Disclaimer: I was on the WinFS team.) explaining to a gradually more shocked Microsoft evangelist in 2003 why WinFS would never be accepted, even with Microsoft's potential leverage behind it. Why would it never be accepted? My dream is to create a similar platform. That said, I have no idea if semantics where even an issue in the eventual decision to retire WinFS as the future of storage. They weren't. (Disclaimer: I was on the WinFS team.) The timelessness of the promises made in this specification are very interesting to me. To me as well. Reading the PDF, it reminds me of WinFS, which I worked on. (Though I don't remember WinFS's collaboration story.) Dreaming in Code [1] is a great book about Kapor's attempt to build such an open source platform, post-Notes. I strongly recommend it to anyone interested in the problem space. [1] https://www.amazon.com/Dreaming-Code-Programmers-Transcenden... A more idealistic (and younger) version of me would love to help build an open platform... This is still my dream. :)