Hmm. I'm not at all sure that 'entrepreneurship' is a real word. Yes, I'd have more or less the same view; I don't know enough people, and I doubt I have the social skills to court VCs or similar. I've worked for a couple of startups/ex-startups, and in each case there was at least one person there from the beginning who was very good at things like that. Depending on the employer, they may be quite happy to amend your contract to lay no claim on anything done in your own time and outside their product domain. Mine did. Well, lots of people learned Logo fairly young. :) Well, in the abstract, it's quite a hard problem. If they asked him how to clean a particular variety of coffee maker, that would be easier. :) I suspect Google's AdSense ads are a better model. I've actually seen _useful_ ones! In languages which have decent ones, certainly. Of the five languages this library seems to work for, only C++ has any sort of macros at all, as far as I know... The Lisp community did something like this at one point, too, though that was more as a 'look, it's possible' to reddit. The result seems to have mutated into http://www.cl-user.net/asp/new Well, one obvious solution would be to do something else, not to retire. Is retiring really what people aspire to, these days? You can use CUSP (an Eclipse plugin which provides similar functionality to SLIME for EMACS), and the commercial impls have their own (admittedly EMACS-esque) IDEs. There's even a SLIME-derived plugin for vi! It really is worth the effort to learn EMACS, though. I'm unconvinced that installing lisp libraries is so very horrible; I've had far more trouble with python ones, myself. Every now and again, a government representative decides that they would like to do something relating to technology, or medicine, or whatever. Whether this something is practical, possible, or legal is largely immaterial. They will bring it up, and it may even get passed (American CDA, Australian internet filtering thing); at that point it will die amongst legal challenges or simple impracticality. Business as usual. Erm, that's how MobileMe works. It doesn't store your every movement; that'd burn through battery life pretty quickly. It gets a position when you tell it to from the website; presumably the order comes over the same channel push messages do. Tegra 2 doesn't support OpenCL or CUDA, though Tegra 3 will. The PowerVR SGX543 supports OpenCL, though not, of course, CUDA. EDIT: At the time, NVidia claimed that it _was_ a die size limitation. Occasionally, you just have to wait a while for an instance to start. It's rarely more than half an hour. It would be most interesting to see what percentage of Android phones sold are these sorts of super-cheap devices (in this country, a Galaxy Europa is about 80 euro on pre-paid; they won't even sell it to you on contract. By contrast, a Galaxy S is about 550 on prepaid or 150 on contract), versus the high-end devices which we hear so much more about. Astroturfing is almost always found out, and usually quickly, and comes with a very nasty backlash. See, for instance, the recent fuss over the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 astroturfing. One note of caution; while the platform version thing is up to date, the screens one is from August 2010. 240x320 is probably an even smaller minority now, as it only really showed up in Sony's 'mini' devices, which did not sell well and seem to have been effectively discontinued; there are no released plans for a current-gen one. You know there are many cheaper and free ssh clients for iOS, right? Samsung doesn't make the iPhone or iPad display; LG does. There may at this point be others; certainly, people have noticed minor performance differences in some newer iPhone 4 displays. I would have called music the least likely one to be making money, actually. A common usage pattern is buying one or two songs in a sitting, at which point transaction charges really become significant, and it has always seemed that the record labels take the lion's share of the payment. iTunes TV, on the other hand, is probably more profitable, due to higher unit cost. Books almost _must_ be profitable, because they're in the same range as Kindle books, and Amazon wouldn't be pushing ebooks (and thus damaging their traditional book market) so hard if they couldn't make a profit on them. Ah, revenue. Yes, I remember this from last time round; revenue is what matters, regardless of the costs involved in producing that revenue, or its uncertain future footing. Right. That would certainly have been the case with the first couple of iPhones, but the iPhone 4 has rather good calling quality. I don't think "50% of people who visit genius bars" is the same as "50% of iPhone users", by a long shot. What makes you think Apple makes a $400 profit per device? That sounds improbably high. There was also an attempt to introduce a Minitel system here in Ireland. It was ridiculously badly-timed; by the time it was actually up and running, things like Compuserve were around and the first ISPs were only a couple of years away. "The success or failure of any of these phones means almost nothing to the company. And so, the product development and rollout of any of these phones is not a bet-the-company gamble. Accordingly, very little effort is made on design, engineering, and customer support. None of these companies have terribly loyal customers, most seem to buy a given phone based on carrier affiliation, or based on costs." In the long run, Google needs to do something about this, or face it doing severe damage to the image of their platform. These particular developers, though, were probably not world-class. Data this important simply should not be lost due to trouble with an EC2 instance; any data on an EC2 instance, even on EBS (though somewhat less so for EBS) should be considered liable to vanish at any moment. Google Translate is heuristics-based, and can occasionally produce strange results. For instance, when translating Irish-language text, it will sometimes translate Baile Ath Cliath (Irish for Dublin, the capital of Ireland) to London, the capital of the UK. This is likely because its corpus for Irish is made up largely of Irish government documents (all Irish govt documents are translated into Irish, but Irish isn't used by many people and there's not all that much else written in it), and these documents are rather similar to British civil service documents. Ah, but if the people running the _exchanges_ are too incompetent to safeguard their wallets, as in this case, how bad will the average user be? In practice, when used to back a currency, gold is usually also inherently deflationary; mining of new gold generally cannot keep up with real economic growth. Very strange title; it implies that Apple is actively making it difficult for other companies to make a profit. Of course, what's really happening is that (a) Motorola, Nokia and Samsung in particular have big shares of the declining dumb phone market, and (b) Samsung in particular makes lots of zero-margin ultra-cheap ( Notice they have a pretty effective iBooks test Well, it's not that effective; it was worked around within days of showing up. Interestingly, to my knowledge, Google's similar check to prevent rooted devices playing movie rentals hasn't been worked around yet. Well, they are to a lesser extent; they allow an attacker with physical access (a spouse or colleague, say) to compromise your device. Defending against physical access-based exploits is likely always going to be ultimately futile, though. The general tendency has been for an initial focus on outsourcing, followed by native businesses. This is what happened in Ireland; in the 90s we had lots of outsourcing, branches of multinationals, etc.; later we built our own software industry (though most software work in Ireland is still multinational). More because it's extremely rapid, and potentially very dangerous. Major climatic change would endanger the food supply. Almost certainly. The only other thing I can think of would be that they want to get out of the OEM business and make phones internally, but they'd probably buy a better phone manufacturer in that case. Motorola is loss-making. It's actually hard to see how Google _can_ keep a level playing field under these circumstances, short of totally isolating their Motorola unit from long-term Android development. He was largely right on profitability, no? See here, however: http://www.intomobile.com/2011/05/02/apple-has-50-profit-sha... While HTC's profits are unquestionably growing, their profit share actually declined a bit; remember it's a very rapidly expanding industry. Motorola Mobility, SE and LG are loss-making or close to it. Only Samsung is in a really strong position. Samsung's profit margin is good, and HTC's acceptable (though neither are as high as Apple's), but all other major manufacturers are either loss-making or making a tiny profit margin. This is why you don't release a broken product hoping to fix it later. > I think Groupon is a guaranteed and low effort marketing platform for businesses. Well, one would hope they weren't an _actual_ Groupon rep. This is _not_ the sort of thing that a company trying to IPO should be saying. Generally by borrowing it, if they don't have a cash surplus. It's very unwise to make legal threats unless you fully intend to follow through. That's the 2010 Macbook Air, which did indeed have a brutally slow Core 2 Duo. It would be more useful to look at the mid-2011 model, which has a processor three generations newer (due to some sort of tedious dispute between Intel and NVidia, there were never embedded NVidia chipsets for Nehalem, so Apple waited until Intel GPUs got good enough, in Sandy Bridge; they never made a Nehalem Air). While Apple probably didn't help Intel design the Core 2 Duo (they only had serious in-house processor design stuff recently, and it's ARM-oriented), it's quite possible they exerted pressure on them to make such a thing. The Core Duo and Core 2 Duo were a _major_ turnaround for Intel; they essentially abandoned the gigahertz at whatever price doctrine they'd been pursuing since the P4. The Core Duo, in particular, was essentially _only_ found in Macs; it had very limited deployment elsewhere. It fits very well with the circumstances of the Intel switchover; Apple couldn't have used the P4M for its laptops (far too power-hungry vs the G4), or the PM (barely faster than the G4 at all, used somewhat more power). While this is becoming the case, it's fairly new. Back in the day, it was well-known that buying a first-gen Apple product was extremely risky; note the problems with the original while iBook (the G3 one), the original Macbook Air, and so forth. Apple actually do do this; it's a resolution bump. > Apple pundits seem to think that Apple's (undeniable) advantages are going to be permanent, just because they get a great deal on Flash memory or tied up the world's whole supply of 9.7" touch screens. It's a pretty ridiculous position. I wouldn't say _permanent_, but there are many companies who could make a transition to the same approach, but haven't yet. Dell, for instance, could scrap 90% of its models, and it's highly unlikely anyone would even _notice_. Presumably, they have some pressing internal reason (not necessarily a sensible one, but something they can't get around) not to do so; it's not like it's any great secret that a simple product line is cheaper to manager. I don't think many would claim that Jobs came up with the idea. He is undeniably one of the few people who has been able to apply it successfully to the computer and consumer electronics industry in recent years, though. > I'm not exactly sure why you have a problem with this. Yes, devs are asked to sign an NDA but it's their choice to do so and I've yet to see Apple publicly go out after devs for violating their agreement. It's also pretty much the industry standard. When we hear about Windows 8 from the MSDN blogs, it is not because some developer decided to write it; it's because it has been approved for public dissemination. Apple does much the same thing at its developer conferences. Google, in ways, is even more secretive; by the time we hear about what's in the latest Android, the first devices with said version are often already on the shelves; Apple at least gives developers a couple of months heads up. Yep; they did make it outside Apple, but only barely. There were a few products from other companies using them, mostly low-power laptops, and of course they lived on for a year or so more as a budget chip branded as a Pentium. Who's claiming that? For a while, the Macbook Air was in fact a particularly bad choice if you wanted high processor performance (which is a big if; computers are now fast enough that for many users it hardly matters). This is no longer the case. Simple enough. I think you may be surprised. Microsoft has done this before; they see something which is apparently working for a competitor, and run with what they think is a logical extension, without necessarily thinking it through that well. Windows Vista's very, very animated but ultimately not useful Expose-like thing (Flip3D) springs to mind. > Actually there is no good reason Microsoft didn't write an X86 virtual machine so that their tablets could run the old programs. There is. You'd be looking at something very much like Apple Rosetta. Now, the first Intel Macs were substantially faster than the PPC Macs that most people had at the time, but even then Rosetta felt painful. All current and near-future ARM chips will be slower than most current Intel chips; you'd expect it to be even more painful. Worse, for lightweight apps it would involve far more CPU usage, which would hurt battery life. People wouldn't _care_ that their Windows 8 tablet was getting two hours battery life while their friend's iPad was getting 10 because they were running a legacy app which was hogging the processor doing instruction translation; they'd just blame Microsoft. The case of Java is a little different; both Dalvik and JVM are designed to be JIT compiled relatively efficiently to multiple common architectures. Architectures like x86 and PPC are generally _not_, and things like Rosetta suffer as a result. Or, in fact, Microsoft will go one step (and not necessarily a logical step) further. There doesn't seem to be any question of a situation where, say, UIKit replaces AppKit as the modern way to write MacOS applications, and UIKit applications must be distributed through the app store. Microsoft, however, is pushing Metro as the new big thing for desktop apps, not just tablet apps, and Metro apps will be app store only. Apple in not-launching-phone-until-ready shocker. Presumably, they should just have launched it in a broken state in June and patched it up in software later, as this works so very well for certain Android OEMs. I mean, look how well the Xoom did! I haven't used Windows more than occasionally for a decade, and I still read Chen religiously; he's very entertaining. > It's really too bad Microsoft doesn't seem to value backwards compatibility as much as they did during the times Chen often writes about. This, I'd disagree on. At a certain point, one either has to move on, or to spend 90% of the time working on backward compatibility. > on the other that their driver from 2001 doesn't work right in Windows 7 Drivers were never really part of the backward compatibility obsession. They changed utterly between 9x and NT, of course, and also fairly dramatically DOS/Win3.x and 9x, between NT4 and 2000, and between XP and Vista. Unfortunately, it took them quite a while to have an actually vaguely conforming C++ implementation, and there are still issues (there was a nice example on Hacker News a while back involving some stl method being dramatically slower than both its equivalent in other major implementations, and a near-equivalent MS-specific method), which may explain some of that. Modern x86 does have the NX bit (and other major archs like ARM have equivalents), which allows areas of memory to be marked executable or not, and most modern operating systems do use it. JIT VMs will explicitly set it on produced code. This is part of the reason that JIT is not allowed, and will not even _work_, on iOS (with the exception of Mobile Safari's Javascript engine, which has special privileges). Applications aren't allowed set the ARM NX equivalent. I'd be a little surprised if Yahoo uses third parties for spam filtering. The Twitter thing is no mystery, though; Twitter routinely hides controversial hashtags. > larger screen Highly unlikely. They couldn't make it much bigger without either making it uncomfortably close to the device border, or making the device bigger. > longer battery life Quite likely. The iPad 2 has better battery life than the original iPad, with a very similar battery. They might be able to get in a process shrink for the iPhone 5, too. > faster 801n As I understand it, this would require multiple antennae, so probably not likely for space reasons. It's hard to see how it _could_ have LTE without severely hurting battery life (a big no-no), with current chipsets. And yep, it really doesn't matter that much; in most countries HSPA+ is of far more interest for the time being, and I assume it'll have that. Verizon is a pretty small slice of the iPhone market. Wow, hadn't realised it was THAT bad. That's unusable, surely? Very similar problem at the time, actually; UMTS chipsets had terrible battery life, to the point where Nokia actually made some of its Symbian devices in otherwise identical GPRS and UMTS versions. I doubt it's that significant, as this stuff varies dramatically by telco around the world. 12 months is standard here, for instance, and I believe it's often _3 years_ in Canada. If you have a global market, and only want to operate in one region (a practical necessity for many people, given the technical challenges of doing otherwise), then US East is almost always the best option. And for Google's practice of letting manufacturers do whatever bloody stupid thing they want. I'm stunned that this one ever got into production in its current state. The A4 is very similar to the Samsung Hummingbird. The A5 isn't particularly like the Exynos, though, except in that it uses A9 cores; the A5's GPU is _much_ faster. The Exynos uses an ARM Mali 400 GPU; the A5 uses an Imagination Tech SGX543MP2. The latter is far faster; at least twice as fast in most benchmarks. Also, the A5 is known to have a lot of extra DSP hardware on chip, but the purpose of that is somewhat unclear for now (it has been claimed that it's to do with facial recognition, fast camera operation and/or Siri, but really no-one knows for now). In the language of sales reporting, 'in channel == sold' is not strictly a lie, usually. We can get an idea from http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... - 1.8% of Android devices accessing the marketplace are Android 3.x. Apple actually generally reports channel numbers as well, as far as I know (except for their own retail operation, which is substantial). For tablets, these numbers are likely to be closer to real sales simply because the iPad tends to sell quickly. If this wasn't the case, we'd see dropping-off of iPad 'sales' numbers as the channel backed up. Most Android tablets are the same price as the iPad or a little cheaper (with the exception of the hilariously expensive 3G/4G Xoom). Honeycomb, however, is rather buggy still, and the app ecosystem really isn't there. The configuration as recommended by the manufacturer? That seems bizarre. Certainly, most Honeycomb tablets identify themselves as such. > I just found out yesterday how much money we are spending. This strikes me as a stunningly stupid thing for a _CEO_ to admit to in public, and should give any potential investors pause. > Well, yes. Apple really isn't expecting that many 4 users to upgrade; most people don't buy a phone every year. > The $0 (w/ contract) iPhone 3GS is still a great phone for people who don't care about adding apps. Or, er, even for people who do. Almost all iPhone apps work fine in the 3GS. > The $99 (w/ contract) iPhone 4 is a great phone if you want iOS 5 but you're on a budget You get iOS 5 with the 3GS. You may be thinking of the 3G (from 2008). > I know that's just an anecdote, maybe others can share theirs. Okay. Most people I know who had a 3GS still have a 3GS; some are thinking of getting a 4S to replace it. Very few replaced it with a 4. I went from a 3G to a 4 myself. > But this sales boost will confirm to Apple that it's ok for them to just release the same phone for 2 years with some spec upgrades in the 2nd year. You mean like the 3GS? Or, in Android-land, the Droid 2, Droid 3, Atrix 2, HTC Desire/Wildfire S etc.? It's hardly that strange a thing to do. Keep the design for a year, make the device enormously faster. This is par for the course in computers, and becoming increasingly common on the mobile market. > You don't see the other manufacturers keeping the same phone for 2 years. See the Motorola Droid 2 and 3, and the HTC Wildfire S and Desire S. And Apple's own 3GS. Essentially the same physical design as their predecessors, but faster. Actually, Samsung is perhaps the only major phone manufacturer who _doesn't_ do this; most of their phones do change reasonably dramatically on every revision. Shouldn't be too bad; I've yet to see a non-game application that won't run happily enough on the 3GS. Most 'cathedral' products are developed at least somewhat in the open, and often do take external contributions. Where are you getting these? They look like the marginal tax rates, which don't really tell you all that much. > If Apple had preferred patent-free formats at the time of the iPod, they would have chosen Vorbis, which has an open royalty-free encoder That would have been a good trick, given that the very first release of Vorbis was only a year before the iPod hit the market. There have been rumors for the past few months that Apple will do just that. This release might be consistent with that; it will undoubtedly expand the audience, less because of the source availability, and more because of the Apache license patent grant. No, AAC was a successor to MP3, about a decade ago. This is a lossless format, so not really suitable for the same roles. And do remember that the "creation versus consumption" thing is a talking point originally introduced by... Microsoft! People somehow seem to have adopted it as a simple truth, but it's really a piece of marketing. Funded it? Are you talking about the US's financial relationships with China? That's just trade. If you're implying espionage, that's a bit of a stretch, at least for the US; the carrier rocket used is rather similar to a Soviet/Russian Proton, though scaled down, while the orbiters are Soyuz-like. The US hasn't produced a large hydrazine rocket in decades, and has never produced a Soyuz-like orbiter, so espionage there is improbable. China's current space technology is far more similar to Soviet and Russian work than American work. Probably not much. Most of the skeuomorphism is actually relatively new. A common topic on here is "why aren't there more women in computers?" I'd say this sort of thing is highly relevant. (a) She's quoting someone else (a MAN!) (b) That's rather hard to equate with rape threats. Astonishingly, Apple is not the only company which makes smartphones, or has a smartphone app market. The only production spacecraft with actual reactors were the Soviet RORSAT (US/A) radar surveillance satellites. The US also launched one test reactor, SNAP-10A. > If that springs a leak there is a highly unstable and toxic gas all over your launch site - even after the giant fireball it causes destroys your satellite. This actually happened at least once to a Soviet Proton (UR-500) rocket; it was a big factor in the cancellation of the much larger UR-700. > For all that people complain about Flash, and any problems the Flash Player runtime has, it's really a fun environment to code for. I like AS3, I like the Flash API, and I greatly enjoyed writing Flex back when that was most of my job. Really? I used to do a lot of AS3 work; it is hands-down the worst development ecosystem I've ever been involved in. What percentage of online Flash games (a) work at acceptable speed on a phone and (b) can be sensibly used with a touchscreen? I'd be astonished if it's more than 5% or so. They've had the tools to do this for a couple of years, and it's been uncontroversially acceptable under app store rules for a year. It's barely ever used. I don't see any reason this would change. They're not killing AIR for mobile (though I can't see it getting much attention in the future), but the PlayBook is essentially a dead platform walking anyway. My complaints would be more that the debugger was unreliable, and the profiler barely worked at all. > end of Apple java I'm not sure why that would be seen as a problem. The situation where Apple were maintaining their own Java implementation was at least slightly anomalous; returning responsibility to Sun/Oracle and OpenJDK makes a lot of sense. > If crooks can make millions charging for bogus SMS messages, why can't legitimate programmers use the same payment mechanism for stuff the users like? This exists; you see it occasionally for web games. It's quite expensive, though, and I suspect it's not allowed on Android if you're in the marketplace; does Google allow you to use third-party payment stuff for marketplace apps? > How many startups come from NZ? Quite a few startups come from the UK, Ireland and Germany; in all three countries the alleged behavior by Square would be highly illegal. > If you are exempt (Salaried) - you basically work when your manager tells you to. I've been at (several) companies where we had 3-4 month death marches with _everyone_ working late and on weekends in the office to push the ball over the line. This is probably the point of confusion. In most of Europe, at any rate, salaried employees are subject to the working time directive: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Working_Time_Directive > I did 80+ hours per week for years in medical school, residency, and fellowship. Many people in medicine make a career of it. It's not as unusual as you think. Possibly a bad example; in most developed countries the medical professions have amongst the highest rates of depression, suicide and divorce. > Over here (UK, but the E.U as a whole) the average working week is 40 hours by law, and the worker must opt in to be eligble to work upto a maximum of 70 hours per week. In Ireland, you can't even opt into a 70 hour week; it's flat-out illegal (though there is a system where you can do 96 hours per 14 days, or something, without necessarily equal allocation). The Android market passes sales tax responsibility to the developer? I hadn't realized that; that sounds absolutely ridiculous. How do small developers cope with it at all? Yep, the iOS app store is effectively a publisher; the only tax complexities involved are countries which practice withholding (the US and Japan, in particular; unless you register with their tax authorities they withhold a percentage, even for countries with which they have tax treaties), and special treatment of royalties in some countries. There's a long history of this sort of thing. All communication with Galileo, for instance, was via the auxiliary transmitter intended to properly target the much bigger main transmitter; the main transmitter dish was damaged on launch. In practice, all national/supranational agencies tend to collaborate to an extent on these things. Not just yet, I would think; no current mobile device has hardware WebM decoding. > then why do people keep buying Androids? Do they? The big Android surge only came in the last year, so the vast majority of Android users are on their first. I don't think Rovio have any grounds for complaint here. No trademarks are infringed. Arguably twice; the failure in the Polyus test payload was not related to the carrier rocket. > i think is not my idea but why not first send self-replicating machines on mars wich will mine for materials Well, we've got lots of people, but a significant shortage of Von Neumann machines. Oh, dear. Can we send you to Mercury, with no women, men, animals, or indeed any sort of multicellular organism? The much-delayed Angara also has variants in excess of 60T, though it's not clear whether these big ones will actually be built (they're dependent on demand, like the never-built Atlas V heavy). Measuring a completely different thing. This is mobile web usage, the Comscore thing is sales data. Android mobile web usage has never kept up with its soaring marketshare, for whatever reason. On the (rather dubious) basis that Oracle controls NetApplications, surely they'd massage Android numbers _up_, so as to make a case for greater damages? All of NetApplications' graphs wobbled a bit in October; probably a change in the way they do things. There's only one version of the iPhone 4S (it does CDMA and GSM/UMTS/HSDPA), but the two large US CDMA carriers do not generally allow phones they didn't sell on their networks. Hmm. Does Android have fat binaries for the NDK? I can see Motorola et al getting a lot of complaints about games not working... > I'm not entirely certain you cannot take an ARM core and enhance it if you pay the right fees You can. There are at least two licenses, a core license and an architecture license. Qualcomm has an architecture license; the Scorpion (Snapdragon's ARM core) is an ARMv7 core somewhat similar to an A8, but is not actually an A8. Companies with core licenses have also modified them; the Samsung/Apple/Intrinsity Hummingbird/A4 used an A8 core modified by Intrinsity to work efficiently at 1GHz; TI later followed suit. Intrinsity's main business model, in fact, was optimization of other peoples' core designs. That was rather different, as Apple was entirely dependent on IBM and Motorola to produce new chip designs (and Motorola had effectively quit the desktop market). The G5 was actually reasonably competitive with the P4 at the time the move was made, and beat it on some SIMD work. The real trouble was that IBM had repeatedly slipped on its deadlines to produce a low-power laptop-appropriate G5, and the aging G4 architecture just wasn't good enough. Today, the story is very different. Apple can produce its own SoC designs, as with the A5, or even produce its own ARM _core_ designs, like Qualcomm does, or it can buy from one of a number of healthy vendors who show no signs of quitting ARM anytime soon. If this Intel core had a genuine dramatic performance advantage over the A15 (which it will be competing with, given the timescales), at the same power usage, that would be one thing, but that's far from clear right now. They're certainly ahead on process. It remains to be seen if that will be enough. Yep; I'd be particularly suspicious of this given that the two companies involved are Lenovo, which doesn't have a significant smartphone market anyway, and has a huge PC market, and Motorola, which is in reasonably dire financial straits. If HTC, or, for that matter, Apple, were a launch partner, that might be more promising. In my experience, the average user is only dimly aware, if at all, of Google's involvement. iOS has the same problem; notably, the developer of iSSH has worked around most of it and posted details of how to do so. Ridiculous that it needs to be done in the first place, though. Twitter does provide that access; see 'firehouse' here: https://dev.twitter.com/docs/streaming-api/methods I have no idea what you have to do to get access to it, though. The thing about the programming language shootout is that the benchmarks are optimized to within an inch of their life, and in particular don't generate much garbage. This may have changed, but last time I checked (MRI) Ruby's garbage collector was _stunningly_ slow. > Singapore is now rich. It was poor just 40 years ago Many countries, particularly in that general region, have achieved that without being police states, though. Even where they had oppressive governments (as with Taiwan and South Korea back in the day), that has generally eased. I'm comparing more to Europe than to the US, but in particular, Singapore is not meaningfully democratic. The one party is enormously dominant, and there's considerable evidence that other parties are pressured not to field candidates. "The government always wins its libel cases" - sort of demonstrates that (a) the government is at least unusual (normal democratic governments do not bring libel cases, or the Daily Mail would be in a lot of trouble), and (b) the judiciary is compromised. > And, I'm not sure that Taiwan or South Korea would come out better in a point-by-point comparison of either economic or political/social freedoms Both are now relatively democratic, though it's a recent thing. > what used to take hundreds of disk drives to store, you can store on 1 today Though, given that hard drives very much do not obey Moore's Law, a well-designed 1998 solution with hundreds of disks may well have far faster IO than the 2012 one-disk solution. It probably contains licensed content, and medical textbooks and the like are particularly expensive. 100 EUR may well represent a _discount_ from the price of the materials it's based on. Oh, IOPs, absolutely. Throughput, though, not so much. > Moore's Law says that the number of transistors in an integrated circuit would double every two years, and that has fairly consistently held true and continues to do so. This may be getting close to a wall, too. The smallest process currently viewed as being practical is in the region of 10nm; we're not that far off. Embarrassing? Remember that they're working without power constraints; it's a rather different problem. > If anything, iCloud is more like Dropbox for "normal" users. It's more limited than Dropbox in what it stores, but it stores the majority case rather well, including system settings. Well, each is more limited than the other. iCloud provides more stuff (synchronized key value store which can be used from more than one device at a time, etc.) but access to what it stores is more restricted. > just because they can. That's largely driven by a very high resale value for last year's model, though; that also won't survive market saturation. > illegally downloaded an illegal application to legally download/listen to music You mean to _illegally_ download/listen to music; there's no license in your region. > I'd argue that the various magic scripting language packaging systems exist to handle the OSes without sane package management, meaning OS X and Windows. And you'd be wrong. For many languages, it is simply not feasible to rely on the OS maintainer to update repositories in a timely fashion. EDIT: Also, in practice, many applications have a dependency on a specific older version of a library. > I think a properly elected representative democratically elected government would help prevent this sort of thing regardless of economic ideology. This may be rather naive. Similar conditions in Western factories didn't really go away until after World War 2; in the case of exposure to known-dangerous substances, not til the 60s or 70s. Some of the countries involved were democratic in the early 20th century; certainly the UK and arguably the US (I say 'arguably' because the US excluded a substantial part of its population from the franchise at the time). Certainly, government did something; the effective banning of factory towns (through banning scrip and mandatory rental), in particular, was very important. It was mostly down to the labour unions, though. > This means that the Chinese government have no incentive to improve working conditions as they don't have any votes to win When has improving working conditions _ever_ been a vote winner for a major party, anywhere? Historically, it has almost always been done due to union pressure. Samsung assembles most of its devices in Korea, but also has many factories in China, and is also a Foxconn customer. This is rather common for Korean and Japanese companies; there is some pressure to do at least some of the work in the home country, but it's not feasible to do it all there. > Apple's manufacturing should not be compared to Google, because they dont do any manufacturing Strictly speaking, neither does Apple (or they do, but very little). Google has just contracted it out one step further. > Is Apple worse than Samsung in treating its laborers? I dont know. It's messier with Samsung, because there are three sets of workers; those in Korean Samsung factories, those in Chinese Samsung factories, and those in Foxconn (which contracts for Samsung). In the last case, they're the _same_ workers. All the large ones do, yep; laptop production is bizarrely centralized. The Nexus One was. The Nexus S and Galaxy Nexus are assembled in Korea, but parts are likely made by Foxconn, which is a Samsung contractor. > This happened not only against the wishes of the South African government but also against the wishes of much of the then-American government (under Reagan). This is a somewhat idealistic view. South Africa only really came under serious pain when _countries_ embargoed them, particularly the UK and then the US (Desmond Tutu went to Washington and guilted the US government into producing a veto-proof majority for the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act; Reagan having vetoed it first timed round). When _was_ it the land of the free? The period between giving black people the vote and the PATRIOT act? Even then, it was hardly number one. Unfortunately, a lot of the US media doesn't seem to be aware of this. There was an amusing incident a while back where Wired had an article claiming that the British government was installing CCTVs in peoples' houses to watch their parenting. There source for this nonsense was that most reliable of papers, the Express. But, for the whole of the 20th century, I think, one could make the argument that there were places freer, particularly if one happened to be a member of one of the US's more hated minority groups. From WW2 to the 60s, if you happened to be a racial minority, there was almost no-where less free in the developed world; the US was extremely late amongst developed countries to grant universal suffrage. This goes back a _very_ long way; politicians used similar rhetoric in the Roman Republic (which was a slavery-based state which granted a meaningful franchise only to a wealthy elite). Yep, I didn't say it was the last democratic developed country to grant universal suffrage, because of Switzerland (or the one or two cantons that didn't let women vote). In general, I've had nothing but good experiences with them. They're reasonably bare-bones, though; don't expect miracles in terms of support. I wouldn't have called KVM/IP a requirement for a remote dedicated server. Nice to have, but by no means a requirement. What do you use it for? The data protection directive might be an issue for you; protection of personal information is much stronger in the EU than in the US. Less likely, but because it's Germany, if you're hosting bigoted content, particularly Nazi-associated content, that will be a problem. This particular little war was launched by Motorola, which sued Apple before Apple sued it. Indeed; I've never really had an issue with this in Safari, but Chrome's version is very easy to trigger. > Some may accuse me of a slippery slope argument; I look at it as a continuation of a linear regression and projection. So, er, a slope-related argument of some sort, then. It could be friction-y, I suppose. He missed this one, which may also be problematic: > You may not convey a covered work if you are a party to an arrangement with a third party that is in the business of distributing software, under which you make payment to the third party based on the extent of your activity of conveying the work, and under which the third party grants, to any of the parties who would receive the covered work from you, a discriminatory patent license. This was intended to avoid situations similar to the Microsoft/Novell patent grant agreement, but could have quite broad scope. As far as I can see, the main case this covers is, for instance, say Apple adopts GPLv3 Bash. IBM decided to sue over their patent on causing the letter 'w' to be displayed on a computer screen (or whatever). Currently, Apple can do three things; fight it, settle, or stop using bash (the last is impractical, of course). This clause of GPLv3 almost removes the settlement option; IBM would be highly unlikely to license the patent to, not only Apple, but anyone redistributing the redistributable source from MacOS. For a slightly more realistic example (most of the GPL stuff Apple uses, except for GCC, is not really all that vulnerable to patents), take the bluez Bluetooth stack, used by Android. There's a very real risk that one of the many holders of Bluetooth related patents may assert one against Google or against an OEM over bluez, and in that case, if the patent was valid, licensing it would be the obvious solution. This would work, because bluez is GPLv2; it wouldn't necessarily work if it were GPLv3. I can see what the FSF was going for with this clause, but it does make it substantially riskier for companies to depend upon GPL(v3) components. Apple's kernel code is largely _available_, even in other BSDs do not necessarily want to take it. In practice, it's very common for companies who use permissive licensed software to contribute back to it. > And there are business models that could rely on GPL to make them viable (offer custom licensing for a fee for eg.) This seems to be the most common GPL-based business model; particularly popular with Oracle, whose newest open-source/commercial license product (confusingly called Oracle NoSQL; it's more or less an autosharding network available BDB JE) is actually AGPL. > Guess I hadn't noticed "a lot of the OSS world moving to permissive licenses". The GPL is still the workhorse of many free systems with code coming out all the time. I don't have the stats handy right now, but in general the percentage of new projects using permissive licenses has increased sharply, and many non-FSF GPLv2 products have not made the jump to GPLv3. Interpretation of contracts is not necessarily based on intent, especially if you're using someone else's contract, and especially if it's not a consumer contract (where, in many cases, a contract deemed to be deliberately misleading may not be valid). This shouldn't be too surprising; it _is_ GCC, but using an LLVM backend (it's not clang). It's already quite common for airlines to charge based on weight of luggage (or at least set a limit beyond which you pay extra). See this thing: http://www.iwebinspector.com/ There is at least some form of publication and consultation these days, though. When Google comes up with SPDY or NaCL, or Apple comes out with HTTP Live Streaming, they publish specs and sometimes submit them to standards, with the result that they're often adopted elsewhere; HTTP Live Streaming has been picked up by Chrome, Android and WebOS, for instance. As far as I remember, Microsoft tended to just make up new things and add them to IE, without a proper spec, and sometimes with no real documentation. Nokia had 13% of the smartphone market last quarter, putting it third behind Apple and Samsung. No. They are in the process of doing so, but they still make a _lot_ of Symbian devices. Nokia had 13% of the market last quarter; WP7 only had about 1% of it. > What I despise, however, is the article's tone, which tries to make it look like this minor difference is important to the user, and he will hate Android for it. The major thing that would prevent me switching to Android is precisely this issue. I've used a Galaxy Nexus, and while it has undoubtedly improved greatly, it is still not really there. Maybe Android 5... I suspect that it's one of these things that you'll only be really irritated by if you've used a device with proper smooth scrolling for an extended period. Ah, no. On release, for a few months, the iPhone was _$500 with contract_. Yes, really. And then, Apple will come to your house, and eat your cat. > If malware on OSX is as small a problem as you're suggesting, why is Apple bothering with any of this? Because they're not thinking about their current problems, they're thinking about their upcoming problems. You'd have to either make your operating system work very well with both touch and mouse/trackpad/keyboard (very difficult), treat touch as a gimmick (as with those Windows 7 HP iMac-like things with touch screens), or make touch (which is ergonomically highly problematic on anything but a smallish tablet) the first-class citizen. > In the Linux world, most software begins as a .tgz, and earns packagers as it becomes more popular. But _normal_ users, that is not-very-technical people using Linux as a desktop, _never_ see that tgz. They wouldn't even know how to install it. Safari's default policy on handling of third-party cookies in iFrames is somewhat stricter than that of most other browsers (this is frequently a problem for Facebook games); Google almost certainly didn't _need_ to do this on Chrome. Well, they've been supporting XQuartz since at least 2007... So in future, users will be prompted to install XQuartz, rather than using the rather antique version of XQuartz which currently comes with MacOS. It's not actually generally meant to be vocational training... Or, at least, if it is, it shouldn't be called 'computer science'. > but it really is hard to stay up-to-date. Well, you don't really _need_ to; this one is just syntactic sugar, and the others, while nice (or mostly; I'm unconvinced about ARC), are not necessary. I'd prefer to have the options. Sorry, I meant that I'm unconvinced ARC is nice, not that I'm unconvinced it's not necessary; it clearly isn't. In the cases of Flash and Java, possibly also trying to disclaim responsibility. We often see statistics about security holes in MacOS vs Windows; those made based on Snow Leopard or earlier tend to include Flash and Java security holes for MacOS but not Windows, because, while most OEM Windows devices do ship Flash and a JVM, Microsoft does not. Certain Twitter clients. That seems to be about it. :) (It's sometimes used for in-house stuff, but then what isn't?) As it provides exec and a HTTP client, it more or less is. Here's an example, with code to make loading a multi-module library feasible: http://myblog.rsynnott.com/2012/02/fun-with-python-for-ios.h... That backup API is an oddity; it's been there for a while, but no-one seems to use it. In any case, it's a very small subset of what iCloud does ('iCloud' is an amorphous collection of stuff, and includes an internet version of the old iTunes backup system, which the Android API is similar to). Oh, for first-party stuff, iCloud has no advantage. It's for _third_ party stuff that it's valuable; it allows developers to sync _their_ data seamlessly between devices easily. > Unless they felt the need to claim the quad-core bullet point There you go. It was one of the innovators in _affordable_ thin and light, though. While there were very light and thin laptops prior to the Air, they were usually either netbooks, or terribly expensive. Of course, so was the first-gen Air; the second one was really the interesting one. What did the Vaio Z cost on release? My impression was that it, and all of Sony's ultra-small laptops, were always terrifyingly expensive. The current Vaio Z, certainly, starts at just under $2000. > Didn't seem to matter to them when nVidia beat Qualcomm out the door with a dual-core chip last year. When the Tegra 2 showed up, it was not generally considered suitable for phones; the one found in a few phones is a slightly different model to the original. Also, the Tegra 2 was quite flawed; it lacked NEON, in particular, hurting software compatibility. It's also possible that supplies of the S4 are restricted; it's a 28nm part, and TSMC's rollout of their 28nm process hasn't gone as smoothly as they might like. The Tegra 3 is 40nm, which is now a mainstream process. > I mean those are great technologies to work with, but his expertise is on C++ and native apps. Last time I read one of his books (admittedly, over a decade ago) it was mostly _C_. Go was GPLv3, which is clearly incompatible with the App Store ToS. The situation with GPLv2 is considerably more ambiguous. Well, he has also skipped NT 3.1, 3.5 and 4. The various versions branded as NT, plus Win2k, were generally considered non-consumer, though Win2k was a marginal case. > There is indeed a Microsoft stigma, and MS is failing at shaking it. When have you seen a commercial for the HTC Titan on TV? It's all iPhones and Android out there except for an inkling of ads for the Nokia 710 Microsoft's initial marketing spend on WP7 was vast; nearly 500m in three months (for comparison, that's about 100m less than Apple's _entire_ annual marketing spend). It didn't appear to do much good. There are a couple of insurance companies who will give you a quote on literally anything. You may not like their quote, but they'll give you one. > As a currency it is not as critical that the value only goes up. Not just not critical, highly undesirable. > The US has these entities too - they are called "insurance companies". As mentioned in the article, American insurance companies appear not to be very good at negotiating prices, partly because the providers are permitted to negotiate different prices with different companies, and to treat these negotiated prices as trade secrets. This is a highly unusual state of affairs. > Although it dovetails with the well worn narrative on HN, this comparison fails due to the level of care. The context is purely the model of provision; level of care isn't addressed. > Second, some of the development of MRI technology happened in Britain. Most was performed in the U.S. Who is paying for the cost of development of this and other new technology and drugs? It's often not the people in places like Canada and France, where government controls hold down prices. Most of the cost of research and development is paid for by Americans. We pay perhaps five times more in the U.S. for some procedures than people in France pay, but the technology might not exist in the first place if we didn't pay this disproportionate share. This is an interesting point, in that much of the technology is actually developed outside the US, but the very high prices which Americans pay may be funding some of the development. That said, drug companies, for instance, only spend in the region of 12% on research, less than they spend on marketing. This marketing spend is disproportionately targeted at the US, as it's one of the few countries which permits heavy marketing of prescription drugs directly to normal people. > "You know sir, with insurances we have all those additional costs...". Two possible issues here. First, it _does_ cost more to reclaim payment from an insurance company than to get it from the consumer. There are the forms to be considered, and also the fact that insurers often pay substantially in arrears. Also, did you end up paying cash? Some providers of services like this will prefer a cash deal, as they do not necessarily plan to declare it. > In the past 30 years have you heard of any medical innovation or drugs coming from anywhere other than the US? Er, yes, _many_. See some of the recent work in HIV and cancer drugs, for instance, along with many more conventional drugs. It _is_ true that pharmaceutical companies (most of which are, these days, highly multinational) derive a lot of their profit from the US market, but they spend a lot there too; the industry spends more on marketing than research, and this is disproportionately targeted at the US, as it's one of the few countries where one may advertise prescription drugs directly at the general public. > Of course the MRI machine was itself invented in the US Hmm? Very arguable, that one. While its medical application seems to have been the product of an American academic (note, academic, not medical device company employee), NMR imaging (renamed MRI for medical purposes, presumably due to the unpopular word 'nuclear' in the original), was previously made feasible through work at the University of Nottingham, in the UK. Like many inventions which came as a series of parts, it's rather hard to point and say 'Mr X invented this'; there are at least two American contenders, one British, and one Soviet. This seems to be one of the fundamental misunderstandings people have about capitalism; they like to think of it as a form of virtuous economic freedom. A market system, however, only works with reasonable information. In this case, it is apparently of benefit to the providers to treat them as trade secrets, but the system will operate more efficiently if they are forced not to do so (as they are in most places). The watered-down implementation, though, may not stand up; as mentioned in the article, it will do little about prices besides force provider disclosure (itself an important step, as markets operate more efficiently when it's known what things cost, but not really enough). Well, it's a beginner-level Rails mistake; it is not precisely an obscure issue. Googling 'attr_accessible' will show you discussion going back years, and it has been actively exploited before. I'm shocked that the mistake was made in Github, though. Somehow, this is a terribly amusing comparison. It's poor design in Rails, but not a security hole as such. The security hole was on GitHub's side. It's a common problem in Rails apps and has been for some years. It's a bit of a beginner mistake, though. I don't think it's on the same scale as register_globals or magic_quotes; both of those were much stupider. It's still very stupid, granted, but not on the same scale as register_globals. > The Nexus line of phones have the latest software directly from Google, and no carrier bloat With the caveat that only some Nexus Ses have received ICS. Nvidia often makes exotic claims about its SoCs; for instance that the Tegra 3 was faster than a Core 2 Duo (later retracted), and that the Tegra 3 provides "the fastest gaming" (it's beaten by the Apple A5 (iPad 2, iPhone 4S) and the Qualcomm S4 on most game-oriented benchmarks, sometimes substantially). Dubious claims are pretty common in the SoC business. > Neither NVIDIA nor AMD use it in their own marketing, nor does Intel for its Graphics parts. Imagination Technology (the makers of the SGX 543MPWhatever), though, _does_. A particularly confusing usage; in this context it means 16 SIMDs. NVidia occasionally also refers to the Tegra 3's GPU as being 12 core; _they_ mean that it has 12 SIMD units. > Years ago, companies felt a loyalty to the country they were based. Now, companies do whatever is necessary to achieve the highest possible profit margins. By 'years ago', you mean centuries, yes? Or are you indulging in nostalgia about the Imaginary Past? There seems to be a tendency to go on about how wonderful things were back in the day, but really they were not. Take the 60s, for instance; the US and its companies interacted with countries substantially nastier than China today, and, well, the domestic picture was hardly rosy either. There is actually something _else_ they could do; run a service where you forward your email to an address on their end (with GMail's autoforward thing or whatever); they push notifications to you based on that. Of course, that would require server infrastructure, and there'd still be privacy concerns (though lesser ones, as they wouldn't have to _store_ anything). He's also a bit of a perfectionist; I can't really see him using a contractor, so he'd probably have to do it himself. http://www.marco.org/2011/12/07/standing-up-for-android He has invited people to do just that; if you make it with his public API, and he thinks it's good enough, he'll let you call it the official Android version and split revenue 50/50. The vast majority of XBox 360 users don't really interact with the UI that much, though; they just stick the disk in. > Edit: And don't see why this wouldn't apply to iOS, too. While iOS's UI has changed somewhat since release, the changes have generally been extremely subtle; the _largest_ was 4 to 5, when a few of the widgets changed a bit. > Aren't we talking about the latter case here? No. When someone upgrades to Vista, they go out and buy a Vista CD. When they upgrade to ICS, they just press 'yes' in the dialog asking if they want to upgrade (or in extreme cases, do nothing; a few Android vendors have at least occasionally pushed out upgrades which happen without user intervention). > But one day a VP of e-commerce dropped by and said that A/B testing was showing that landing pages with technical data like processor power, RAM, disk size were working better than bare shiny pages. It turns out users are becoming more tech savvy every day. It would have been interesting to do further testing to determine whether a page with nonsense words that looked technical did as well as tech specs. There is indeed evidence that consumers _like_ tech specs, and especially they like _larger_ tech specs; hence the race to increase megapixel counts, even at the cost of quality, and AMD's "Pentium equivalent" numbers (at a time when the Athlon 64 did more work per cycle than the P4, AMD would give a number intended to compare to the P4, rather than the chip's actual frequency). There is, however, very little evidence that the user has the first clue about what the numbers _mean_. Some of them do show the most popular subreddits (which currently happens to have a naughty subreddit in it), though, as this one does. I think the issue is that the Google person understood the list of popular subreddits to be a developer-specified thing, when in fact it's auto-generated. > That said, really? It doesn't come with gcc anymore? I find this offensive. Lots of Linux distros don't install one by default, and this has always been the case. For that matter, for a long time, Solaris (unquestionably a UNIX) didn't come with a compiler. > What it comes down to is that the most basic thing I can do with the default install of any reasonable UNIX system (./configure, make, make install) is not possible on a Mac without a lot of heavy and opaque lifting. If you call installing a compiler a lot of heavy and opaque lifting... > I contend that those are not traditional unices either. This is a very personal definition Ah, okay. I contend that Dell machines aren't computers because they rarely have green LEDs anymore, and surely all computers have green LEDs! It is interesting to note that by your definition, Solaris, surely a highly traditional UNIX, was, for a long time, not a UNIX (it didn't ship with development tools). > How do you really go about this? Where did you get your compiler? Where did you get auto tools? You install the 'XCode Command Line Tools' as provided by Apple, or one of a number of third-party packages. Similarly, on many unices, you will need to install a compiler (and particularly autotools); they are not always part of a default install, which may be just as well. > Nuclear workers are limited to about 2000 millirem per year... so the approximately 52,000 millirem per year the astronauts would receive on a Mars mission is a problem. The limits for nuclear workers are extraordinarily conservative, so it may not be as much of a problem as you'd think. Given the safety track record of manned spaceflight, the radiation is probably the least of your worries. The Apple bit isn't _particularly_ true, anyway; look at Carbon. Ten years and counting of supporting ancient apps. > Apple better not provide a way to detect AirPlay, because the first thing media companies will want to do is block it. They do provide a way, of course, and developers are free to disable it, and some do. On my iPad I have apps for RTE (Irish state broadcaster), TV3 (Irish private broadcaster), BBC (UK state broadcaster) and Channel 4 (UK pseudo-private broadcaster). RTE and BBC allow you to use AirPlay, TV3 and Channel 4 do not, and Channel 4 specifically mentions the fact that they don't in their FAQ, and imply that they never will. Far weirder, the NetFlix app doesn't do AirPlay, even though they provide an AppleTV app. > In the first place, I don't like when people are so sensitive that there's no room for a harmless joke. But there was no joke. None. It wasn't even an offensive joke (not that they're all that rare in the community, sadly), it was just offensive. I think their characterisation of it as a joke is just an attempt to get themselves out of hot water. > It's not a matter of bringing in the "PC police". It's about respect. 99% of time, when people whine about being oppressed by 'political correctness', what they're really complaining about is ordinary human decency. > I anticipate that there will be another story at some point where an actual funny, but edgy, joke will be told and I will have to find myself on the other side of the argument I think if there was an actual joke involved (a proper one, which was coherent and possibly even amusing) the reaction would be rather different. > It's interesting that this sort of thing rarely happens with race in tech (not never, but it's uncommon). In many (most?) cultures, sexist comments are still _far_ more socially acceptable than racist comments. Look at dumb blonde jokes; distasteful and offensive, but many people are willing to make them in public; substitute an ethnic minority for the 'dumb blonde' and you'd find that far, far fewer people would be willing to make them. You see the same with casual homophobia; it's not socially acceptable, but it's far, far less shocking than racism. The only case in which the person who originally wrote this could fall into category three is if they were a sociopath. > Are people upset with the objectification of women, or the assumption that women wouldn't be participants and aren't the audience of that flyer? I'd imagine a little from column A, a little from column B. Both are offensive, especially in the context of the ongoing issues with sexism in tech. Well, for a start, these clubs and bars are presumably targeted at men. I personally, and I believe many people, find that sort of advertising distasteful, but their client base presumably puts up with it. However, this event was targeted at the tech community. You know, the scary wimminz can program too. The implication of it being an all-male event is perhaps more worrying than the objectification. It already more or less is; the idea is not new, and decent PR people will already do something very similar (if they are allowed to do so; some companies will be unwilling to admit guilt, whether through fear of liability or pride). Well, yes, but "oh, those are the sexists who can't spell and are bad at admitting responsibility" is not necessarily the reputation they'd like. Which is, indeed, true for some games, particularly high-end games. However, the bulk of apps on iOS are not high-end games. Not sure where you checked, but based on Google's numbers, about 67% are on 2.3 or better (and 1.6% on 4.x). See http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... > and Windows v.next peak grows (which it will as it always does) What is v.next? > "Oh shit we did it all in Webkit and Gecko features - The growing 20% of Windows tablet market doesn't support it - we're going to have to rewrite or ship an app both of which are costly". If Windows tablets take off (and that still seems like rather a big if), you'd hope they have a vaguely compatible browser. I'm confused as to how being a parent is particularly relevant, but anyway... This particular application is aimed at a narrow category of professionals, none of whom are likely to be using IE, or at least tied to using it. It would thus seem like a bit of a waste of effort to support it, given that it's more troublesome to support than WebKit and Gecko, and also given that Microsoft has promised that IE's standards support will improve, so it'll probably just work on IE10 anyway. > Apple takes 50% of revenue from ads shown on iOS devices Where are you getting that from? They take a 30% cut on iAd, but few apps use that; for other networks, like Google AdMob, they get nothing. It would be interesting to see if the new iPad 2s with the 32nm part have better battery life than older 45nm ones. They probably mean this: https://www.facebook.com/help/?page=116481065103985 It doesn't look like the Google+ APIs provide anything even slightly as comprehensive, for now. Of course, what Brin is complaining about isn't that Facebook won't give your data to _you_; it's that they've been reticent about giving it to Google. While that might or might not be viewed as a threat, it's nothing to do with the "open web" one way or the other. They probably mean Motorola's extremely aggressive behaviour; the two high-profile Motorola suits aren't defensive, in that Motorola sued first. The Apple one was initiated long before the Google acquisition, and is thus nothing much to do with Google (though Google have said they'll continue to look for the frankly insane terms Motorola wants); however, the Microsoft one was initiated during the acquisition process; it'd be normal for Google to have some control over litigation at this point. I'm not sure about America, but in most countries I'm familiar with, it is ultimately the decision of the tax authorities whether people who work for a company are employees or contractors. There's generally a well-specified test for this. Certainly, in this country, the maids would be unambiguously employees. Are you sure that they individual support people are self-employed? If they merely work for a contractor company, that would be okay (assuming they're employees of the contractor). Otherwise, it sounds odd. > Note that this is not done on a whim: these laws and interpretations were introduced because employers were systematically exploiting workers, hiring them as contractors just to work around their established rights. While this is the most common form of abuse, it is sometimes also used as a means of tax evasion by the employer, employee, or both. > The sudden rejection of dropbox apps is blamed on 'bad user experience' by Apple, most of us know that its due to iCloud . What? No. Did you read the linked forum thread, at all? It's due to the presence of a "Sign up with Dropbox" link in new versions of the SDK. Well, Adobe had to wait til they had the new version out for people to upgrade to. It also looks like the WebGL version is anti-aliased; the Flash version isn't. > Actually apologizing admits to wrongdoing, which opens one up to liability and other consequences. I can't imagine that there are actual liability issues here; it's more than Dell (incorrectly, I suspect) thinks that using weasel words looks better than saying "oops, we're horribly thoughtless and incompetent". "I said people could use my stuff, and then they used it! Thieves!" Wait, what? The thing to remember here is that this is a man who's smug about not knowing C. His opinions on these things are not so useful. Well, computers can already create accurate and convincing Daily Mail headlines: http://www.qwghlm.co.uk/toys/dailymail/ Certainly _all_ don't. New equipment distributed in Ireland, particularly to smaller businesses, often don't have swipe readers at all. This is a myth, introduced by an uninformed Google intern in a blog post. Hint; start Skype on an iPhone, switch to another app, and scroll a list. Note how your Skype call continues. But does it refuse to install the malware if it arbitrarily decides that your Windows is not genuine? > Back when WPF was still called Avalon, Microsoft were pushing the technology as a solution for the soon-to-be-arriving high-dpi displays Although they were quieter about it, it has been quite clear that Apple was interested in resolution independence since at least 10.4, when such features started to show up. Remember that very few third-party Windows applications use WPF. Most first-party stuff, even, doesn't use WPF. We're seeing on the retina Macbook that, while most Cocoa apps work well enough, most non-Cocoa apps are at least somewhat broken; imagine how much worse this effect would be on Windows, where so few apps use the current UI toolkits. It's not so much marketing as that _they are actually making these things_. There has been a small but rather fanatical demand for high-DPI screens for a good while, particularly since the demise of CRTs. Note how excited people got about the resolution independence features introduced (and subsequently scrapped; 10.7 does it very differently) in MacOS 10.4. > They're absolutely ahead of the curve with the blending of mobile and desktop operating systems They probably are, yes. It's still far from clear that that's something that anyone wants. No, actually. There are a couple of third-party development tools for iOS which only compile to ARM (and which therefore can't run in the iOS simulator), notably Adobe Air for mobile, and that Delphi for iOS thing. 99.999%, though; anything written in Xcode, and anything written with the majority of third-party tools, has been run in the simulator. I do have to wonder if this is another HP Slate. Remember that? > At first glance what is ClearType HD Display, some sort of Retina? They say "ClearType HD display" and "ClearType Full HD display". I'd take this to mean 720p and 1080p respectively, so a bit of a way off "retina" in the iPad context. > however in terms of video playback capabilities the Android systems are so much better mainly due to third party video players and the availability of UPnP You... you realise that there are third party apps for the iPad, right? For what it's worth, there are indeed many third party video players for iOS, and software to fulfil both sides of the UPnP relationship. Apple had a rather similar software stack ready, though; both worked on the basis of a point being a fractional number of pixels. The trouble with this is that while it tended to more or less work for simple things, for complex things, particularly where the programmer was drawing stuff, it was (a) somewhat inefficient and (b) very hard to get right. Apple used to periodically have talks at WWDC about how to get ready for independence back in 2006 or so, but it was clear that few developers were doing so successfully. This new approach, where you have a point be an integer number of pixels, possibly with scaling after the fact (as with the non-standard resolutions available on the retina MacBook) is far simpler for developers, so more likely to work out okay. > We're well into speculative territory here. Are we suggesting that the coroner was aware of his homosexuality but not of the fact he was a brilliant mathematician? That seems quite plausible. The coroner would be aware of his criminal conviction as a matter of course, but might have relatively little information about his profession. > I am honestly asking, is there a simple reason why, lets say python, can't be easily deployed on shared hosting. The standard execution model for PHP apps is, request comes in, code is executed, code goes away, resources returned. PHP is optimised to suit this model. For nearly anything else, you have one or more long-running processes which take requests, thus skipping the code loading/interpreting/compiling stage, which tends to be expensive. It's quite easy to do python CGI on shared hosting without concerns, but it's not going to be fast. Once you start looking at things like FastCGI or WSGI, you have a process which, at least some of the time, is persistent. In the long run, this is actually less than Microsoft gets, of course. The MS patent deal is estimated at $15-25 per device. Last quarter, Samsung produced 50 million smartphones; at the lower rate at that run rate it would take under a year for the MS payment to exceed the speculative Apple one. http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#featuredarticles/Ext... See also Core Bluetooth (though that's somewhat different, being for Bluetooth 4LE devices). In some countries it may not be _called_ rape (which is sometimes subject to rather strange and archaic definitions) but it will generally be an equivalent form of sexual assault. In any case, it's rape in the UK. > If they say they didn't, then they will imply FBI obtained it illegally Huh? How? Most companies who have an iOS app with over 12 million users could have given it. HTML5 audio can on iOS. Not sure about Android. Arment was quite quick to call out Apple over the broken app signing problem a month or so ago, even when other people were wondering was it router-induced corruption. He's also been complaining about the sandboxed-app-only requirement for the Mac app store for ages. Blue Toad seems to be essentially a white label app company, something like a CMS for apps. They'd have many publishers, who'd have many apps. The app store corruption thing did; the Mac app store sandbox restriction doesn't, however. Apple has been in the same position as Samsung for a while; both companies take other peoples' CPU and GPU core designs and integrate them into an SoC (A5 and Exynos, respectively). This would put them more in the same field as Qualcomm, which designs its own ARM cores using an ARM architecture license. It looks like this is what Apple is now doing too. The latest SDK only supports iOS 5 and up (if you want to target 4 you have to install an old one), and there are no ARMv6 devices which can run iOS 5, so it makes sense. You have to have two side by side. In practice, modern phone SoCs are fast enough for most purposes. It's not like the 4S (or even the half-again-as-fast 4) are slow. A great improvement won't really make too much difference to most users. Smartphone cameras, on the other hand, are still somewhat lacking and an improvement will benefit most users substantially. > Samsung are poised to be the first manufacturer to bring an A15 based SOC to market. As are TI, and if Samsung and TI schedules slip a bit more, NVidia might even be first. It's a fairly tight race right now. > pricing will matter but getting an i7 processor and SSD in tablet form does cost a lot These prices are for a Tegra 3 and an Atom. One assumes that if you want an i7 it'll be a little more :) > I'm not sure if this is a valid legal argument Well, a tribute isn't a legal thing (and trademark and patent infringement is not stealing). But yes, it'd be hard to see a design patent on the clock effecting a representation of the clock drawn on a screen (and any patent would in any case have long since expired) and trade dress and other consumer confusion stuff certainly wouldn't apply, as no-one is confused by the iPad into thinking it's a wall clock from the 40s. No, they don't. I can download and run a Cocoa app which would be much the same as a Cocoa app I get in the app store. I can't do the same with a Metro app. I'm not sure how many developers are using 11" MBAs. 13" yes, but the 11" one is small and low-res enough that it's awkward for development (particularly development involving an IDE). I think a lot of manufacturers took the shift to 16:9 as an excuse to sneakily reduce resolutions. Well, a lot _easier_, anyway; you could in principle do it with Core Text before, and Marco probably has experience in this. He did mention on his podcast that he'd consider an iOS5 version if iOS6 exclusivity is a problem. For this particular app, attributed strings are probably going to be the big thing. In general, trying to sell content on the web is problematic. Lots of people who'll be willing to pay $1.99 a month for this by clicking a button, knowing that they can cancel the subscription trivially (and will be reminded by Apple that they have it every month), will not be so happy to pay $1.99 a month where they have to spend time filling in a credit card form, with considerable uncertainty about how they can cancel. iOS is probably the easiest platform on which to do a subscription publication and reach a large audience. People are often unwilling to pay for subscription content on the web because they have to fill in a credit card form, and there can be problems with cancelling, and Android's subscription magazine thingy is US-only. Funny how standards differ, really; there'd be a lot of eyebrows raised if Apple or Google (or Microsoft, on their mobile platform) started denying use of their network services to jailbroken/rooted users. Storyboarding strikes me as an example of another problem; it's very nice, but so poorly documented that it can be unclear how to do anything non-trivial with it. There are also a few deficiencies which require ugly hacks. > Compare these activities to the way in which the Surface's competition handles them...e.g typing, creating documents, video conferencing, and configuring email on an iPad. I just tried making a Word document on an iPad. Astonishingly, it did _not_ lag in that hilarious manner. I haven't done it in a while, but I seem to remember that configuring email was also easy an intuitive. Certainly, tablets will tend to be less capable than desktops, but not to this extent. I'm a little confused by this, yes. If anything, mobile Safari and Chrome for Android are more desktop-like than IE10 on WinRT; they have tab bars, and so forth. > Apple is now spending roughly a third as much as Microsoft does on research despite generating roughly 50% more revenue. Apple spends roughly one half of what Google spends on research, despite having almost three times the revenue! Apple is, however, a company that makes things; in general, you'd expect lower research spending than software companies. This isn't Windows 8. To an extent, this is an oddity of the US system, where a lot of the civil service is run by appointees. In most modern parliamentary democracies, the civil service is largely static and non-appointed, and while the government can in principle get rid of, say, a permanent secretary, it's highly visible and would rarely be done. This tends to give long-term projects more inertia; if the government wants to kill one without considerable controversy, it really has to make a case for doing so. Which to an extent, is why it exists; a last-minute substitute for the previous unending pseudo-war. This isn't quite true; x86_64 has more general registers, which are helpful in writing VMs. At one time, Apple JavascriptCore was 60% faster on x86_64 Safari than on x86 Safari on the same machine, though I think the gap has reduced. There's a decent Settlers (Settlers 3-ish) port for the iPad. Though, these days, the median wage in Ireland is actually substantially higher than in the UK. Modern HotSpot is probably one of the best VMs out there; while you could certainly argue that the language isn't wonderful, the VM is superb, and a lot of the tools are excellent. Simply going by the "Top X apps" thing, the bulk of downloads seem to be of new apps (though there are a few old ones, like Facebook and Angry Birds, perennially up the list). > Still Apple prices in the EU are the same everywhere just as in the US, i always wondered how they manage to accomplish that Retailers occasionally sell Apple products under RRP here. > Is there something about OS X that makes bundleware more difficult to develop or is it just easier to monetise an OS X app without bundleware? MacOS apps very rarely have an installer, so there's little opportunity to install this sort of thing. Users are trained to just accept whatever in installers, however, while popups on first launch demanding admin passwords will often be treated with a little more suspicion. > . As I distinctly explained in my previous post, iPhoto comes installed on every every single Mac that Apple sells with the sole exception of the server configuration of the Mac Pro. Go to the Apple web page and click on any Mac and look at the "Built-in Apps" section, you will see iPhoto displayed right alongside "system" apps like Mac App Store, Mail, and Messages However, reinstall MacOS, and you will notice it doesn't install iLife. Similarly, most Windows computers seem to ship with that 30 day trial of MS Office these days; does that mean that 30 day trials of MS Office are part of Windows? Because it's redundant. man mdfind If you want, of course, you can turn on locate, but it seems strange to have two local indexing things. I think the last time a lot of people used it before jumping ship for iTerm was about 10.4, where it was pretty horrible. Are you in Europe? This isn't entirely a demand issue as such; the EU has introduced regulations (relating to cage size, treatment etc) which make battery farming of chickens a less attractive proposition for producers, especially for egg production. The production cost difference is now small enough that, given that there _is_ a bit more demand for free-range, it's not really worth it, at least for eggs to be sold commercially. Hard to do the experiment, as you need two countries with otherwise identical production practices, where one washes and the other doesn't. For instance, the US and the UK would be a bad example, because egg producers in the UK generally vaccinate for salmonella, while those in the US don't; regulations on things like cage sizes also differ substantially. You also need identical reporting regimes, which may actually be a greater problem; salmonella is not generally a mandatory reporting thing, and many people infected with it don't go to the doctor with it anyway; if you're a healthy adult it's pretty much just nasty food poisoning. > in fact these differences make such an agreement rather unlikely These are manageable. Some EU countries have derogations on local practices which would be illegal under food safety law; those goods obviously cannot be imported into other EU countries. In practice, this doesn't present a major barrier to generally free trade. After all, even within the US, there are goods which are legal in some states but not others. > Every macbook power supply (cable) will split and fray within two-three years (depending on use) While there was at least one iteration where this seemed to be the case, it was less of an issue after the first couple of generations. Unity pre-dates Windows Phone 7 (the first appearance of the UI concept formerly known as Metro) by some months, but the idea was around before; Adobe was quite keen on it for a while. Likely a long-term customer satisfaction thing. Someone who buys a Macbook Air and comes back and buys another one two years later is worth more than someone who buys a Macbook Pro, and, feeling ripped off, gets a Dell next time. It's written as if dubious access to data by US (and other; see ECHELON) security services is a startling new revelation, whereas in fact it has been a known risk for a couple of decades, and certainly a consideration when using hosted services. Here is a European commissioner raising it as a concern with respect to the Data Protection Directive, over a decade ago, for instance: http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_SPEECH-01-368_en.pdf Yes, nutjobs like the EU's executive and legislative bodies, the BBC and the Guardian. Who would ever take them seriously? Really, ECHELON in particular has been acknowledged to exist by pretty much everybody since 2000 or so. Historically, similar systems have been quite pro-business (or pro-American-business); ECHELON sigint data was used in the 90s to help Boeing win a large contract over Airbus, for instance. (A) Yes, they probably knew about this, at least as a potential risk; while the media has gotten very excited about PRISM, it isn't really that different to ECHELON, which has been effectively public knowledge since the late 90s. (B) Governments aren't the only ones potentially spying on peoples' unencrypted comms. > We (people in the UK) have long been complaining that our Government stringently applies every single EU directive and human rights law but other countries just seem to ignore them Er, but this is completely imaginary. The UK has derogations from more of the optional stuff than nearly any other member state, and has a poor record for implementing the mandatory stuff. > allow control of games with iPhone/iPad Or with that SDK for third-party controllers they added in iOS 7... > for not considering Google+ a smashing success. Huh? Does _anyone_ consider Google+ a smashing success? On what basis? RSS users were always a tiny minority, and have become more tiny with social networks (especially Twitter). ... Which is not used or supported by Google+. PubSubHubbub was very much part of a different era. As a general rule, as you add memory to a VM, your overall throughput grows, but unless you're extremely careful, the length of individual GC pauses may go up (which is a concern in a GUI app; you don't want to block the main thread). Of course, all of this is highly dependent on GC used. > the 2GB chip on my S4 is the same as a 512MB chip on an older iPhone. This generally means that it is just as fast to access the 2GB of ram on an S4 compared to the 512MB on older devices Not necessarily. Your S4 has a memory bandwidth of either 8.5GB/sec or 12.8GB/sec (depending on if it's the Exynos or Snapdragon model). An iPhone 4S has memory bandwidth of 6.4GB/sec. So, you can read your whole memory in 230ms or 158ms (in theory; other limits will show up). The 4S can read its 512MB memory in 80ms. Which is to a large extent why Java GUIs were essentially a failure, but it still has a large niche in high-performance server apps; you can usually get away with >100ms pauses there. > But which is it, are all Java and C# Android/Windows Phone apps unacceptably slow or are some types of apps not really doable in those GC languages? He didn't really say either; he pointed out (correctly) that for certain applications in a memory managed language, you'll want to essentially avoid using the GC, and you'll certainly have to be very cautious of it. The extreme case was old J2ME games, which usually worked by allocating all the memory they'd use as a large array at startup, and doing manual memory management thereafter. In general, you can do just about anything in a memory managed language, but in some cases, especially games, it may actually end up a lot more work than in a non-managed language. > This article is not very balanced. It is basically just saying that all software written for a VM is stupid. That the concept of Garbage Collection is an abomination. Er, no it's not; it's pointing out a number of ways that it's problematic for GUI apps (and especially games) on highly resource-constrained mobile devices. > The truth is that VMs are incredibly successful and aren't going anywhere. I mean, look at the rise of VPS! He wasn't talking about that sort of VM. > And that whole talk about GCs sound awefully familiar. Didn't we have the very same conversation in the mid-90s when Java came out? Yes. Fortunately, all of those problems just went away, and now we use Java for writing GUI desktop apps all the time! Why, imagine how terrible it would be if Java GUI apps were slow and awful and tended to mysteriously pause when there was a nasty GC cycle! Oh, wait. Objective C GC wasn't around for a long time, and never really worked well; in particular, using it with C stuff (and Objective C apps tend to use C stuff all the time, directly; there's no equivalent of the JNI) was very messy and error-prone. He really mentions the software problem more as an aside (and it's not like Android on x86 is painless; where there's ARM-only native code, it is JITed to x86 similarly to Apple's old Rosetta thing, which hurts performance and impacts power usage); the greater issue is that Intel isn't really ready (as of now, the Atom SoC stuff is still on an old process node, and has extremely weak GPUs), and it doesn't look like they will be anytime soon. Also, of course, Atom isn't really all _that_ much faster than modern ARM. When Android was being designed, though, did people really think high-performance games on mobile were going to be a big deal? Remember, at the time, Apple didn't have apps, and the first Android phones had almost no built-in storage (and no native code for third party developers; the NDK wasn't added until 1.5). It seems fairly clear that the nature of the mobile games market that emerged caught both Apple and Google by surprise. That would tend to make the GC more complicated, not less. Some memory managed VMs do allow you to allocate outside the GC'd heap, though; see java.nio.ByteBuffer in Java (or sun.misc.unsafe, if you're very daring) Well, really, they had very limited options. If they wanted a high-level non-GC language... well, they could have gone with Objective C, I suppose... Possibly. Really, given Intel's record in the mobile space, with impressive claims and products which are really extremely disappointing (generally from a power usage or GPU point of view), I'd like to see real benchmarks conducted by a reputable third party before getting too excited. With modern Java GUI apps, you still do, as any Netbeans user could attest. As someone who uses Netbeans all day, well, I'd love to say you're right, but no, I can still feel the GC pauses, both the tiny disconcerting ones and the >1 second enraging ones. > This isn't really hard, you just make sure that while you are performing an animation or within a game level you don't make any allocations. That seems like a big 'just', at least in a multi-threaded application... Though, while Java can, it looks like Dalvik generally does not (though, most of the info available seems to be 2.3-era; possibly things have improves since). It looks like 2.3 Dalvik can inline getters and setters, but it's certainly no Hotspot. Good Java JIT environments (HotSpot etc) do this. It looks like Dalvik does not. Oh, sure, I absolutely realise that a very aggressive JIT wouldn't be ideal for Dalvik. However, given that the article is talking about how wonderful JIT is, it perhaps concentrates a little too much on all the wonderful JIT things that Dalvik (the only mobile JIT of serious interest to most developers) does not do. It has been done. > “[Alan] Greenspan explains his gender bias with the free market pragmatism that has become has hallmark. “I always valued men and women equally, and I found that because others did not, good women economist where cheaper than men. Hiring women does two things: it gives us better quality work for less money, and it raises the market value of women.” You certainly have to be careful passing data between threads in ObjC (though, of course, you do in Java, too); the real problem with managed memory in multi-threaded highly latency sensitive UI applications, though, is that a thread other than the UI thread can happily trigger a stop the world collection through allocation, and it's very difficult for the UI thread to say "I'm doing something important for now; please don't allocate for a bit" (it's possible, but it's a nightmare). > Thankfully, people back then weren't afraid to notice that the first generation of Polio vaccines actually gave Polio to some who took them. Instead of denying the possibility that their vaccine was imperfect, or telling everyone "our vaccine is good enough!, sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelet", they improved/perfected the vaccine This is untrue. An experiment in the 30s at New York University did indeed give polio to some people, but that was never marketed as a workable vaccine. The vaccine developed in the early 50s, which was marketed, was extremely effective, developed by different people, and is still in use today. The oral polio vaccine, which was developed later, is also in use today (though it is being discontinued in the developed world), and that one _is_ known to very occasionally induce polio. So, to be clear, the first generation of polio vaccines did _not_ give polio to those who took them. The second generation, which has historically been more popular because people are more comfortable with oral than injected vaccines, occasionally does, though it's extremely rare. Well, where's the fun in that? Pretty sure the [L]GPLv2 is okay with this. For instance, say you have a Motorola Milestone. Motorola provides the changes they made to Linux, as they are required to, but you can't actually build a new kernel and put it on the phone; the Milestone's bootloader protection was never broken. The _hardware_ stability definitely did, though it has improved since. They became quite dependent on Intel for chipsets when they did that, and at the time Intel chipsets for laptops in particular were of quite poor quality compared to their old PPC chipsets. > The "hacker" in "hacker news" has little to do with any traditional meaning of hacker. Well, the _traditional_ meaning would largely predate the availability of Linux, anyway... Netbeans 7.3's support? It works fine on Java 6, though it will only grudgingly use it if 7 is installed. If you're on MacOS (assuming that from the retina screen), then, in /Applications/NetBeans/NetBeans 7.3.app/Contents/Resources/NetBeans/etc/netbeans.conf add the line netbeans_jdkhome="/System/Library/Frameworks/JavaVM.framework/Versions/1.6.0/Home" (Yes, the configuration lives _inside_ the application bundle. Lovely.) > I'd think that Apple would be happy to tell us it was a simple power/network failure were that the case. Really? With the multi-region AWS failure, Amazon was very reluctant to even confirm it was happening for a while, and didn't explain it for weeks afterwards. > Sudden shutdown of vital service + silence = most likely a security prob. Or alternatively, "oops, how much customer data have we accidentally irreparably destroyed?!" IIRC in the aforementioned AWS incident Amazon only really started talking when they had an idea of how many EBS volumes were irreparably corrupt. Seriously? This is _Apple_. When the multi-region AWS outage occurred a while back, Amazon was unwilling to talk about what had happened for a week, and they're a rather less secretive company. The XBox was really the only diversification from their core Windows/Office business which has really even slightly worked, though. MSN/Windows Live/Bing/Whatever it's called now was a massive cash sink and market failure, as was Zune and Windows Phone. Azure is looking like it's heading that way too, though no-one's making much profit in that market right now. > I would credit that business model for bringing about the smartphone revolution more than the revolutionary design Apple introduced. That wasn't actually a new business model. Subsidy was already pretty much standard in the US; it's just that for whatever reason (probably risk-aversion), AT&T didn't do it for the iPhone for the first six months. > Note how in '08, when the subsidized iPhone 3G was introduced ("New features, new price") it sold almost more in one quarter than the previous original had sold all year. Of course, it also had a number or new features such as an app store, but the one that really made a difference was the subsidy. But, er, that's not actually what happened. The original iPhone was released in about six countries in June 2007, usually at $600 or equivalent. In September 2007, the price dropped to $200 (in the US; there were regional variations). In June 2008, the 3G was released, at $200, in 22 countries. It had 3G (the original's lack of 3G made it a hard sell in Europe, in the few countries where it was even available; many European telcos had skipped EDGE and gone straight to UMTS/HSDPA), and the app store, and people were more used to the idea. In 2007, normal consumers simply didn't know what a smartphone was, at all. It's far more likely that a combination of that was responsible for the growth than a price drop which actually happened nine months earlier. XBox is only profitable if you read the data very carefully (ignoring sunk costs), or if you take the 360 _on its own_, ignoring the original and XBox Live. It will probably eventually be profitable, but it isn't now. I'd be astonished if Azure is profitable; AWS isn't, and it sees vastly higher volume at similar prices. And, of course, profitability for Azure is a messy concept; is it profitable when it makes more than they spend on it, or when it makes more than what they spend on it plus what they're losing by selling fewer Windows Server licenses to Amazon et al? Yeah, it isn't that he tried to diversify that's the problem, but that he did it so incredibly clumsily. A company with billions in the bank had no business bringing out WP7, say. > Azure including their Virtual Machines are a great competitor to Amazon AWS and EC2. I've used both. They may be for running Windows servers, but they're certainly not price-competitive for running Linux servers in most cases. > Expect cheaper prices with increased competition - example being how Amazon just lowered their EC2 pricing by as much as 80%. I suspect that's more to do with Google's EC2 clone, which is actually price-competitive with AWS. Also, that reduction was just on dedicated instances, which pretty much nobody uses; they largely exist for things like PCI compliance. > Everything I see states that Windows 7 is the dominant Windows operating system in the Enterprise. That seems improbable. Windows 7 only passed Windows XP in global usage under a year ago, and while reliable figures are hard to come by, most polls show in the region of 60% XP usage for the enterprise sector. > As I mentioned in another comment I've got a lot of folks who run big stuff on Azure and I can tell you that almost all of their instance time is comped. That has been my impression, yep. I know a few people using it, but I don't think any of them are actually paying for it. > You even give an example of "folks who run big stuff on Azure" -- how is that not proof that Azure at least provides competition in the cloud services market? Well, it offers competition in a niche; it's largely price-competitive with AWS for Windows instances, but not for other OSes. > What? If anything Windows Phone and Nokia is growing exceptionally in the emerging markets specifically India and Africa. Well, Windows Phone is. Nokia is declining in those markets; it's simply cannibalising its existing large Symbian market there with WP. > They had a real chance to corner the market before Apple was even making iPods, I believe They were so very, very insistent on "it has to be Windows!" which lead to the notoriously dreadful Windows CE/Mobile interface. This goes on to an extent, but now more as a confusing marketing thing; Windows Phone does not seem like a good name for a phone that doesn't have windows as a concept. > I've never used one myself, but everyone I know who had a Newton said it was "just right". Interestingly, a big part of the Newton's failure (along with the terrible v1 handwriting recognition, which was largely fixed later, and Apple's strained finances) was that they went for a complete break with the past; there was basically no developer familiarity. iOS was probably a sweet spot; new, purpose-designed interface bearing very little resemblance to MacOS beyond font choices, but almost the same under the hood. Ah, but what is Cocoa? :) In practice, Cocoa has had at least two major refreshes; a major overhaul of AppKit in the NeXT->MacOS transition, and the replacement of AppKit with UIKit for iOS (and I'd be sort of surprised if AppKit isn't eventually deprecated and replaced with a UIKit derivative on the desktop; UIKit smooths a lot of the rough edges). Bits get added to Win32, but it hasn't really had much substantive change to existing stuff in a very long time. > If I'm building programs that last decades, I don't want to build them upon Apple's quickly changing landscape. There's definitely a niche for "write once, run forever" (for a more extreme example, see the IBM 360/70/80/90/z/Architecture; a modern z/arch mainframe can run binaries made for a 360 half a century ago, unmodified), but it generally isn't that exciting to consumers, and even the enterprise market seems to be getting a little more cautious of it for internal stuff. > They need to keep the value of Windows tied to the value of Steam. The same Steam who has done more than anyone else to make MacOS and Linux viable gaming platforms? The trouble with games is that there's really no lockin, and porting is not that difficult, so if the publishers see MacOS and/or Linux becoming larger platforms, they'll put out more stuff for them (this is already happening, especially with indies and Valve), and few will stay on Windows because they really need game X from 1995 to keep working. Microsoft's real strength is the enterprise, where people do need terrible internal app from 1995 that no-one has modified since then to keep working. You can't do that on Linux or MacOS easily; both are pretty happy to break binary compatibility when it suits. > at least 4GB of RAM This seems... odd, or the 'at least' bit does. The first 64bit ARM chips are due late next year, and will be very much server-targeted. The iPhone does support HDMI out via an adaptor, and has since the iPhone 4 (though screen mirroring only showed up on the 4S; the 4's video out was just for apps that supported it). Various Android devices do, too. Eek, yes, forgot about that. PAE comes back from the grave, to annoy people! Microsoft PlaysForSure was a (failed) attempt, though it was later killed off in favour of the (also-failed) Zune. Trading margins for marketshare is a very dangerous strategy; there's a long history of companies doing this, only to find one day that the margins have gone negative. > Mac OS X/iOS: One OS, one interface, all devices Er, have you ever _seen_ a Mac or an iPhone? Hint: Not one OS, not one interface. Two OSes, two (or arguably two-and-a-half; iOS on iPads is more different than it looks at first glance) interfaces. Fortunately. iOS on the desktop would be dreadful, and I can't even get my head around how MacOS on a phone would _work_. > I'm not saying that they are there yet, but that's the goal of all of these companies What makes you think that? Certainly Apple has shown no real signs, beyond adopting phone-like scrolling direction on the desktop by default. Windows 8 is somewhat more converged, but I doubt they're going to push that much further, and realistically, given poor user response, they'll probably quietly reduce it over the next few versions. Samsung is merely being retro: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2012/04/30/10298... > iOS fragmentation is masked by using the same version number on devices that support different api's Example of this? I can't think of one offhand (besides things like the original iPhone not providing fine-grained location, because it didn't have a GPS receiver). Some of the user-facing features vary by device, but the APIs are the same. > I cannot remember what the update cycle was like on Microsoft phones. For Windows Mobile? In almost all cases, they never got upgrades at all. The iPhone was pretty unusual in its day as a non-computer consumer electronics device that got substantial software changes after release. > It's interesting that someone who professes loving to program in Perl refers to it as "PERL". People who refer to it in all-caps instantly give themselves away as outsiders to the language Alternatively, they might just be a refugee from FORTRAN, the language which predates the invention of capital letters :) Redis can be run without persistence, at which point it can be treated as Memcached with extra features (optimistic locking, data structures, etc). Without persistence, performance is often comparable (even with persistence, performance can be comparable, but you're more at the mercy of the IO subsystem). Memcached has been running on Windows for a fair bit longer than Redis, and it's in mainline Memcached, though not mainline Redis, now. Of course, neither are necessarily that production-tested, but most people wouldn't be looking to use Windows servers anyway. Astroturfing via StackOverflow has to be the most pathetic possible form of unethical marketing. Samsung _advertise_ a lot. That doesn't mean you'd expect them to astroturf; it's an illicit practice in many countries. This is astroturfing; that is, a form of marketing where the advertisement is disguised as natural behaviour. Most countries have laws to limit or ban it. It's not normally considered legitimate marketing. Samsung was recently fined by Taiwanese authorities for an astroturfing campaign there, though, so it's not like it's new. Sorry, pointing out Samsung's use of unethical marketing is "bashing"? What? > Does Apple have to fall back on these kinds of tricks? Are you suggesting that Apple is pretending to be Samsung and soliciting shills? That's impressively tinfoil-hat-y, especially given that Samsung has been caught practicing questionable marketing techniques before ( http://www.techspot.com/news/52274-samsung-admits-to-posting... , http://brianford.newsvine.com/_news/2012/08/12/13234078-sams... , http://www.smh.com.au/technology/technology-news/samsung-sor... ) I'm not sure if this is a real niche. For the device to be any use to a developer, you'd really need an external monitor and keyboard. So you're looking at a developer who for some reason can bring a phone places, cannot bring a Macbook Air or something places, and has monitors and keyboards available everywhere they bring the phone. Does this actually fit anyone's situation? So they should take the money they raised, which they have to give back if they don't make their goal, and invest it in a horrendously volatile bubble asset? Sounds ideal. I think the only major one is the IntelliJ plugin (though SLIME is a sort of marginal case). > I think C++ would have done fine with a suitable toolkit, which presumably they would have built based on the stuff from Be BeOS, while a nice operating system, was notoriously difficult to program for, largely due to the use of an asynchronous API. > because Apple doesn't seem to be very good at the things needed to make a language like Java run fast. Perhaps if they had contracted out the right bits to Sun rather than pulling a Google and building their own VM, it could have worked OK. The "Apple" JVM pretty much is a licensed Sun JVM with extra bits. It's also of comparable speed to the Sun JVM; the performance gap between Apple Java 1.6 and Sun/Oracle Java 1.7 on a mac is comparable to that between Sun/Oracle 1.6 and 1.7 on Linux. > But I don't think much of Apple's rise can be attributed to that choice of language, even if it did end up being a decent one. Certainly not entirely. However, one advantage that iOS did have early on was that it wasn't totally horrible to write for, which had been a traditional affliction of smartphone OSes. Possibly they'd have come up with a decent C++ API, of course, but then again possibly they'd have come up with something like the Symbian API. C++ and Java were first-class languages in MacOS until quite recently; while the intent was always there to deprecate the C++ API (Carbon), the Java Cocoa bridge was dropped more due to lack of interest a couple of versions ago. You mean that thing it asks you for permission to do when you set up the phone, and gives you a slider to disable? It actually does it? Well, I'm shocked, I tell you, shocked. Even for the Wine project, it's a little more nuanced than just that: http://wiki.winehq.org/FAQ#head-c9e6502ad636315e905d07f7e445... You're allowed make a fix for iOS 7 and label it as such in the release notes, provided that it's done using the 6.x SDK. While that's true for the LGPL components of WebKit, they were under no obligation to open source the BSD components, which they largely wrote. That may just have been disposal of obsolete Xeons (Nehalem?) Intel does not traiditonally give big OEM discounts; their whole business model is based on vast margins. This is the same Marco Arment who has spent the last three or so years complaining about the state of the Mac Pro, yes? Intel rarely gives substantial discounts to OEMs on CPUs (except or things like the ultrabooks, where a substantial discount was given). Hrm, that's interesting. Thanksgiving was almost certainly too easily to be dumping Sandy Bridge Xeons; they still haven't been replaced. Does the model of Dell still exist? Yeah; for this, certainty, the US issue wouldn't be very relevant. Intel charging OEMs up to 3k for the processors will be more of an issue. Asus currently makes a 30" 4k display for about 3500. Doubt it'll be much below that for a year or so. I understand that you didn't do it with the _intent_ of copying MacOS, as such. However, to someone who has used MacOS, it's probably going to be perceived as a MacOS ripoff, and that tends to lead to negative responses; things which look almost but not entirely like other things really rub people up the wrong way, as we saw with the weird pseudo-native SWING themes and so on. Unless they're actually willing to take a loss on it, they probably won't be doing it at that price this year. There probably isn't much. The icon showing a magic mouse might infringe a trademark, though; Apple tends to trademark icons where practical, which is likely why TouchWiz scrapped its very iOS-esque icons a while back. In many production environments where a few lost writes in the event of OS crash aren't entirely the end of the world, innodb_log_flush_at_trx_commit is set to 2. In some it will even be set to 0 (in that instance, data is lost in the event of MySQL crash). If you care deeply about every write definitely hitting disk in a recoverable manner, you set it to 1, but at that point you may have to do other stuff (is the OS lying to you? Is your RAID controller lying to you? Is your disk lying to you?) > If the point is that other databases do not have something comparable, that speaks to the point of the linked blog entry. Other databases do have something comparable. It looks like MongoDB actually doesn't, but that's highly unusual. Postgres does (I believe it's on by default), Riak does, Voldemort does (one could make an argument that it's safer to leave it off in the latter two cases than elsewhere). Where does it actually run well? It doesn't peg a core on Safari, but scrolling still feels laggy and unpleasant. I initially assumed you'd implemented your own inertial scrolling, as with old Google mobile sites. Ah, yep; it actually works quite acceptably in Firefox. Very unpleasant in Chrome and Safari, though. Really depends on the scenario, but for most web stuff, I'd tend to recommend a setting of 2, if the data durability caveats were acceptable. Incidentally, on the EBS durability thing, it's addressed here: https://forums.aws.amazon.com/thread.jspa?threadID=27590 - An fsync isn't a guarantee, or wasn't in 2013, but they estimate the risk of loss after fsync to be very low. Can't find anything on whether their newer SSD-providing instances guarantee durability, though. He's said he hopes to support it, but supporting multiple platforms can be a tall order for a single game developer, and not necessarily something they want to do. A quick visit to the Linux forums of almost any indie game that runs on Linux would put a lot of people off for life; there tend to be a lot of enraged users having trouble with their highly specific Gentoo configuration or whatever. (For Mac ports, it's usually mostly people who insist on using MacOS 10.6.8 for religious reasons) I suppose it's probably regional, but here you just walk into a telecom's shop, and they'll replace sim size A with sim size B. There may be a token fee for this, depending. > Apple have already mentioned that the new Mac Pro will ship with Thunderbolt 2. Intel have stated that the Falcon Ridge controllers that drive Thunderbolt 2 will be part of Haswell. However, Thunderbolt 2 controllers will presumably be available as a separate part, too; Thunderbolt 1 controllers were, and that's what the first Thunderbolt Macs used. It seems unlikely that the Mac Pro will use a Haswell Xeon, as that would delay its release until at _least_ early next year; the Xeon is typically an architecture behind the consumer stuff. A _current_ Mac Pro, today? You'd be significantly cheaper to build your own, as the Xeons it uses are now two generations out of date (there was never a Sandy Bridge Mac Pro; the current one is Nehalem/Westmere). However, when it came out, it was a different story; unless you went for the lowest end model (which pretty much nobody did, because why bother), a very substantial part of what you were paying was for Xeons. I doubt it would be a huge issue for Valve; they already use LGPL code. However, it's often a big deal for small developers; simpler licenses mean simpler due diligence on investment and such, and a lot of companies are cautious of LGPL in anything that they'll be distributing. While the FSF discourages use of the Android marketplace, they do say there's no specific GPL conflict. Compliance is potentially a bit more of a pain for the developer, of course; strictly speaking they have to make sure the LGPL-covered code is available for download for three years after distribution ends. They also strictly speaking have to provide a mechanism to re-assemble the app; example here: http://sparrowmailapp.com/lgpl.php (though note that a lot of people just don't bother). Well, it'd probably get you flagged for investigation as an unusually incompetent money launderer, but I suspect you could convincingly argue that it's not taxable. Indeed. Why, if the government applies small taxes to cash savings of over 125k, I just won't save at all! Wait, what? Nothing. For that matter, nothing stops you having a hundred bank accounts, but doing so will certainly increase your chances of an audit. > If the government steps in to "de-anonymize" bitcoin, then people will simply begin using tumbling services. Well, yes. Of course, it's not like tax authorities haven't had to deal with money laundering before. It would seem far less infeasible than taxing cash transactions (far easier to trace), and cash transactions are certainly a thing of great interest to tax authorities. It sounds like you're talking about extremely trivial money laundering; while it might have caused some confusion a century ago when the Mafia started doing it, modern tax authorities deal with a hell of a lot worse. I suspect they're talking more about conversion (see MtGox's perennial problems with withdrawing real money, and recently even bitcoins). > a $25 minimum price point I think, here, the rewards are more tokens than anything else; this isn't really a product-oriented Kickstarter, except arguably for people who are interested in Darling. Min contribution is actually $1; there's just no reward. > Too high of a threshold for funding. $50k is not reasonable when the value proposition is so unclear. I'm not too sure about this. A lot of people, myself included, would like to see GNUStep brought to parity with modern Cocoa. It's never going to be a mass appeal project, but I can see it making its goal. > Are we expected to believe that that's all it would take to get Cocoa libraries running seamlessly on GNU? That's not what the project plans to do. Apple's implementation of Cocoa isn't open-source. GNUStep already has large parts of the Cocoa APIs implemented, but they're very outdated. I think fixing this on $50k is extremely ambitious, but note that the project says they'll be brought up to at least 10.6 (which would be good enough to allow easy ports of a lot of Mac software), not all the way to 10.9. I'd like to contribute to this, but perhaps you could outline how you plan to go about it and if you have buyin from many other GNUStep developers? Apologies if this is in the video; can't watch that at the moment. To be honest, I wouldn't worry too much about the rewards; most people contributing to this will likely do so because it's something they'd either like to see or would find useful themselves. Also, any plans to address UIKit? > This project is now a business seeking outside funding Huh? No it isn't. It's sponsored improvement of an existing open-source project; it might very well be useful to businesses, but is in no way a business itself. > But, as we said prior, the people that care just use OS X. Their target platform is OS X. The Linux users are happy with WINE and GTK+. There's nowhere for the project to go, and I fear that this Kickstarter will be a failed effort. A modernised GNUStep could allow easy ports of a lot of MacOS software, both open and closed-source. That in itself might be enough to kickstart a non-MacOS ObjC/Cocoa ecosystem. Oh, sure, not saying people shouldn't buy them. Just commenting on the pricing from the point of view of cost added by Xeon. I don't really see why; GNUStep is already an established FSF project, and I see no need for a company. What it needs is a bit of attention, which is what this kickstarter will hopefully achieve. > clang's website attempts to demonstrate the superiority of clang by comparing against the error messages from gcc 4.2, a version of gcc that wasn't even the most current when that comparison was published. This is the latest version available by default on MacOS and FreeBSD (for licensing reasons; subsequent versions are GPLv3), the two operating systems where clang sees most use. What on earth does this have to do with Clang? You realise that Apple adopting GPLv3 GCC wouldn't require all iOS software to be licensed under GPLv3, right? > they can pressure FreeBSD to stay away from GPL3 Yes; Apple can pressure the FreeBSD project to stay away from GPLv3, through their evil Apple magic. In fact, they are presumably pressuring the whole world to stay away from GPLv3, as it has seen almost no adoption outside the FSF! Naughty, naughty Apple. If not for mean ol' Apple, the FreeBSD project would no doubt rush to embrace GPLv3, discarding their horrible old BSD license! They didn't build a whole infrastructure for crypto; they just implemented Sun's one incorrectly. Apple certainly has technical reasons for using clang; good luck getting the degree of integration XCode has with clang with GCC (the plugin system added as a response to clang existing would help, but would not be sufficient in itself). BSD has less clear ones, though I would hope that other C/C++ IDEs will start adding similar levels of integration. Ultimately, clang offers a way forward without having to adopt GPLv3 software, and besides that offers considerable benefit to people making development tools. Its big selling point has never really been speed; that it can generally keep up is enough. EDIT: You could certainly also make the claim that Clang's far faster compilation is a technical feature, especially for C++ programmers. There are actually people who use clang for development, for the fast compilation and static analysis, then build for production with a newish GCC. I wonder is this going via the internet anyway, or just using the pasteboard thing. This probably uses Pasteboard ( http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/general... ), which is Apple's little-advertised, low-level, horrible API for doing inter-app data sharing. I can't see them deprecating Pasteboard; quite a lot of stuff depends on it. Locally would certainly be preferable (especially for iPads, where the user may not even have an internet connection). As far as I know this is exactly how the popular third-party iOS Youtube client Jasmine works. It used to be better than it is, but a couple of versions ago the developer mentioned that he was changing the means of showing the video to comply with Google's requirements, and it became a (relatively well-concealed) embedded HTML5 video pane. Whatever about this particular instance, there are documented incidents where Microsoft deliberately made things not work; in particular, the Java thing, and the DR-DOS Windows thing (where Windows would run on DR-DOS if it pretended to be MS DOS, but not otherwise). There are native apps, like Jasmine, on other platforms, but they use an embedded HTML5 video thing to show the actual video. Yup, there is at least one major third-party one, though (Jasmine), which complies with the API requirements that Microsoft is apparently not willing to deal with (presentation of the actual video via HTML5, etc.) No, I don't think so. Certainly, Youtube for iOS lacks the behavioural problems that showed up when Jasmine shifted to HTML5 for the video pane Yep, more or less; I'm fairly sure it's so that they can guarantee their ads are shown. One other possibility; does the "battery health" metric actually mean the same thing it did four years ago? My 2012 MBA is showing 92% capacity, and seems to last about as long as it did when new. My 2007 MBP shows ~70% capacity, and lasts about an hour; it lasted about four hours when new. I'm not convinced it's that meaningful a metric. That seems abnormal, though possibly bad IDE behaviour? What is CPU usage like at this point? Also, might be worth giving this a go: http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/intel-power-gadget-... Some badly behaved software (notably Netflix's Silverlight thing) will seemingly peg the CPU at maximum turbo-boost frequency for no good reason, which hits power usage hard. > It could also have been to make more public that Greenwald has a younger gay Brazilian partner, something we gloss over in this crowd, but for which he'll be judged harashly for in other social circles. Well, it's not like the Guardian is really terribly popular amongst bigots, anyway... If he wrote for the Daily Mail I could see your point. The "gays are evil" thing is a little bit fringe in the UK these days. Italy has a very large elderly population. > Lightning is overdesigned Overdesigned? Really? I'm not sure; it accomplishes the same thing as MHL, Slimport et al (which also tend to be expensive) and will be able to support USB3 when the time comes. It's far more futureproof than the old 30 pin thing. > Not only is Android popular and universally using Micro-USB And in a year or so, the transition to USB3, requiring a new port, will start; Lightning will handle USB3 with a different cable. Also, of course, most modern Android devices don't have a microUSB port; they have microUSB+MHL or +SlimPort. PDMI certainly seems to be a copy of the Apple 30 pin connector, but it was introduced long after it. It wasn't electrically compatible, of course. To add confusion, certain Samsung tablets used a physical PDMI interface which was not electrically compatible with either PDMI or the Apple thing. > It's overdesigned if the cost doesn't provide sufficient benefit - and it clearly didn't. Really? The cost for a lightning to HDMI cable tends to fall in between that of an MHL to HDMI and a Slimport to HDMI adaptor. Their options were (a) abandon video out and analog audio out or (b) keep the old 30 pin, which was really showing its age or (c) adopt either MHL or Slimport, which are in a format war and have significant downsides (MHL requires external power unless the display provides it, Slimport is niche and adaptors tend to be extremely expensive). And then, in the iPhone 7, when MHL or Slimport or something else has won, change to that again, breaking everything. Not to mention the upcoming transition to USB3, which lightning will survive but current Micro-USB will not. Finally, micro-usb ports are pretty delicate, and a common cause of phone breakage. The lightning port is far more robust. Amazon and Facebook couldn't really afford to. The dev center being down was largely more inconvenience than disaster. Now, if it had been iTunes Connect, that might have been different. > you don't need to know how to interpret any obscure tests. You'll know. You mean like the people who take homeopathic 'medicine'? They know. They're wrong, but they know. > Not everybody has 5 hours a day or a stay-at-home wife to cook their Whole Foods organic produce into a masterpiece of nutrition. I'm guessing from this that you've never cooked in your life? (Hint: Pretty much nobody cooks five hours a day unless it is their job. I mostly cook for myself, and I don't think I've ever really spent more than 30 minutes of active work on it). > Pretty sure Gmail uses custom scrollbars It does. It's pretty obnoxious, but they're at least well-implemented, unlike most custom scrollbars. > I think Facebook also uses a custom scrollbar on their activity feed. It doesn't (or at least it doesn't in Safari; maybe it does in other browsers?) As far as medical research goes, it's fairly low on the horror scale. You could certainly argue that Apple was the trigger for bringing mass access to computers at least three times; the Apple II heavily inspired what went after, the Mac essentially defined what a UI should be for decades afterward (Xerox had theirs before, but made little effort to introduce it to the consumer, and a lot of Lisa and Mac conceptual additions have persisted), and of course the iPhone created the modern smartphone market. Oh, Apple is rarely (in fact, pretty much never) the one who actually makes the dominant product, but it's hard to imagine that a ZTE smartphone would be much like it is today if the iPhone hadn't transformed that market. Python 2.3 still had stack traces. Yeah; this is about the only thing I think X11 does better than MacOS. In general they don't seem so bothered about the scientific method. Certainly in the early industrial revolution the "paid handsomely" bit was not true. People took the jobs because it was that or starve, and many of them starved anyway. This was especially the case during deflationary periods, as wages fell. > Other than adding the fear of famine Er, that's a pretty huge other. > Fear of disease? Check. Both realistic (as in, the huge fraction with no/minimal health insurance or any dental at all). As far as the developed world goes, that's largely restricted to the US. And, of course, most of the diseases that killed people back then can be treated with a few euro worth of penicillin. > Bouts of warfare, check. Both actual for kids in .mil, and imaginary daydreams of terrorism. It's highly unlikely that the neighbouring lord will burn your village in the developed world today, however. > Inferior diet? Check. Not really on the same level. Even those who got enough food often had severe malnutrition issues. Nowadays, some people have poor diets; in the developed world this is largely a function of personal choice. This was based on the Strategy Analytics report? That was a little dubious, as it was based on saying that (a) half of Apple's profits are from the iPhone and (b) Samsung makes no profit on its desktop, laptop or tablet divisions at all. There was also some confusion over net vs gross. Not sure how you're getting that from the Asymco one... The Canaccord one does seem to note that Samsung's "handset" division incorporates tablets and PCs, and that their estimate for the iPhone's share of Apple's profits is fuzzy (we know Apple's revenue per division, but not profit; Strategy Analytics and Canaccord seem to have decided that profit per division is proportional to revenue, which is a bit of a leap...) > is an effect of Windows and OSX, in their latest iterations, pushing apps to fullscreen virtual desktops. Hrm, possibly Windows 8 does that; haven't used it. To do it on MacOS, you have to either click the strange icon in the top right, or hit the highly obvious key combination CMD-CTRL-F. Anecdotally, most people don't even seem to realise that the fullscreen thing exists, unless it's pointed out to them. I assume with Nestle, the IP holder. Hershey's makes KitKats under license; I'd be amazed if they have the right to use the trademark any way they feel like as a part of that. Slightly blurry, and can't be heated to very high temperatures. The theory is that the OS will arbitrate. In practice, well, we'll see how well that works. XCode's requirements are pretty modest. Get a second-hand Mac Mini or something (you may want to add memory to it). > You can shave away a LOT of form factors if you just agree to cut off development before Android 4.0. At that point, though, the idea that Android is a larger market really starts suffering. That cuts out a third of Android users immediately. Some of the Java development tools (JNI-related stuff), oddly, used to require (free) registration. Don't think they do any more, though. Essentially, roaming charges are of benefit to nobody but a small number of large telecoms. They hurt the consumer and they hurt business. Removing them will not cripple the telcos. > If there were monopolistic / market manipulating behaviour going on. In practice, with few exceptions, before the regulation started (remember, the EU already sets roaming price caps), there was a form of cartel system, at least informally; prices were pretty much standard and extremely high. Current regulations already cap wholesale (telco to telco) roaming pricing, and new regulation should improve this. A phone can discriminate towards low signal strength cells of network A vs high strength cells of network B. Of course, the key word is 'can'; due to a lack of standardisation this will often fail to work properly for particular models. Banishing? GPLv3 was never in MacOS (and Apple's first use of LLVM, though not their creation of Clang, predates the first draft of the GPLv3 by a year or so). > Considering that every unit sold of the most popular consumer smartphone/tablet OS is built with a GPLv3 toolchain, I think you need to talk to your lawyers. However, note that it doesn't _bundle_ it. And Google has gone to some lengths to produce their own non-[L]GPL libc (Bionic). As far as I know, the Android userland is pretty much a no-GPL zone these days. > Apple just says "that's obsolete in a year" and lets everything break Carbon is now _15 years old_, you know... > As far as I've understood it, iOS apps are under constant pressure to remain compatible with the latest APIs Not really. Applications sometimes break from version to version, but usually due to use of undocumented behaviour etc; APIs are rarely deprecated. > When Apple did the architecture shift from PowerPC it "was get over or get out". PPC was supported for five years after the shift... Er, no, it's just because there's no reason to ship a compiler. However, if they were shipping a compiler, I suspect it would not be a GPLv3 GCC; Google have pretty systematically purged GPL from the Android userspace, and I don't think it has any GPLv3. They used to, before 10.3 or 10.4 or so. I suspect that it was offputting to people moving from Linux. Depends how you mean it, really. Android has had an impact, and happens to be open-source (albeit not operated like a normal open-source project; it's closer to a code-dump, as with Apple WebKit in the early days). However, if Android was not open-source, but had source shared with OEMs, would its impact really have been substantially different? I suspect not. However, if Mozilla, clang or WebKit had not been open-source, their impact would have been very different (and much less). > Why on earth are people getting worked up about this? It's an Apple release. The tech press is _required_ to act like any Apple release contains at least one thing that is the second coming of Mecha-Hitler; it's the law. They would use it to cast dreadful spells which would make peoples' tinfoil hats melt. > Does indeed look at like a marketing ploy. Nothing wrong with that. Marketing via astroturfing (fake public engagement) is at best unethical, and often illegal. Which country is that? I know a few do. However, that falls under propaganda, rather than a dishonest commercial practice, so the law will generally be different. Most developed countries have some laws regulating astroturfing, though implementation is often iffy, and at worst penalties are rarely that severe. Samsung was fined a few hundred thousand for it in Taiwan recently, and is under investigation in other countries, for example. > It sounds better, but is ARM actually handling the 64 bit ISA transition better than Intel's Itanium fiasco? (AMD's ISA won). Yes. There's only one ISA from ARM (ARMv8), and it looks like it'll be adopted; Apple has already made ARMv8 devices, and a number of other companies have said they will in late 2014/early 2015. I think a lot of people were (a) fuelled by a desire to complain about Apple as much as possible and (b) were assuming that ARMv8 was an AMD64-type transition or even a SPARC64-type transition, rather than a totally new ISA. That said, from Anandtech's article, it looks like most of the speed boost is from microarchitectural improvements, rather than use of the new ISA; ARMv7 code shows most of the speedup. The Snapdragon 800 tested is a relatively power-hungry tablet part. I _think_ the phone ones will have fewer execution units. If history is a guide, the iPad 5 A7 (A7X?) will have twice the execution units. From the data presented, it looks like most of the performance gains are actually from improvements in Apple's micro architecture (they show up even using ARMv7 code). Yes! All OS vendors should try new stuff, all the time, even if it's really awful! > There is no "M7 co-processor" [1] chip in the device - possibly it's just marketing for some part of the A7? The SoC may be a multi-die part (like a Tegra 3). We'll get more info on that when Chipworks or someone gets a look at it. From Anandtech's digging, it does look like the M7 is a thing with its own processor, at any rate: http://www.anandtech.com/show/7335/the-iphone-5s-review/3 > Just compare that HTC One teardown with the iPhone 5S, while the HTC One is "worse" there isn't much in it. Wait, the same HTC One where they commented that it may be impossible to disassemble without damaging parts? Isn't sluggishness and feeling unnatural one of the more common complaints about Android? The devices shown had similar RRPs to the iPhone 5 when it was still on sale, with the exception of the Moto X.