Another Google data point: Steve Yegge ported Ruby on Rails to JavaScript because Google works in only 4 languages... C++, Java, Python, and JavaScript. http://www.iunknown.com/2007/06/steve-yegge-por.html Legos. The "I'm feeling lucky" button is far more useful than it first appears, I find it invaluable (well, the backend function that supports the button, at least) I use it to quickly get to the [usually] most relevant Wikipedia page using the custom search bars in Safari (via Inquisitor) and Firefox: http://tlrobinson.net/blog/?p=3 It's cool that NYT is releasing some of their code as open source projects, but I'm not sure I understand this particular project. The first thing I thought of when I heard "SQL" and "JSON" in the same sentence was "oh please don't let this be some client side JavaScript SQL thing"... it basically exposes your database as a HTTP service: you send it SQL in a HTTP request and it returns JSON in a HTTP response. Where's the authentication? What's stopping someone from doing " http://myserver.com:9090/db?DROP%20TABLE%20articles " or something? Great! I've been attempting to develop iPhone applications using the unofficial toolchain, but it hasn't been easy considering the complete lack of documentation and smorgasboard of new/different frameworks. While, in some respects, it's very similar to programming on Mac OS X with Objective-C and some of the same Cocoa frameworks, the interface frameworks are completely different. It will be nice to get an Apple supported solution. viewbug? I feel dirty using anti-aliased monospaced fonts in shells and text editors. Apparently there's no good way to turn off anti-aliasing in Eclipse on OS X, which drove me absolutely nuts, but this guy came up with a genius (but ugly) hack to fake it: http://www.partlyhuman.com/blog/roger/aliased-text-mac-eclip... You use variable width fonts for programming?! I just hope I never have work on the same code with you. There's just so many cases where having monospaced font is useful and easier to read when dealing with code. My university (USC) set up a system like this after the Virginia Tech tragedy. It includes email, cell phone / voicemail, SMS, and pagers. wikipedia? http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Fundraising A common misconception is that Moore's "law" states that processor speed will double every 18 months or so. That's incorrect. In fact, Moore said that the NUMBER of transistors on a processor would double roughly every 18 months. It turns out that they are correlated, since smaller transistors means both faster transistors and more transistors per unit of area. My point is that more processor cores require more transistors, and thus the end of Moore's Law also means the end of more processor cores (ignoring things like architectural advancements or more but less powerful cores) That said, I do agree that we will see an increasing number of cores, at least for awhile. First of all, it's important to have an OS that efficiently manages the cores and the applications that run on them. This automatically benefits everyone who runs multiple applications on a multi-core machine, since each application gets a larger slice of time and fewer context switches. Multiple cores could also eliminate dedicated components like GPUs which would bring down the cost of low end machines. As far as programming languages go, I hear Erlang is good for concurrency, though I've never used it. I think Tim O'Reilly summed it up pretty well: "If a company needs to identify itself as a "Web 2.0" company rather than describing the problem they are solving, or the opportunity they are creating, then they are just playing the buzzword game, and aren't worth investing in." Some of the ideas of "Web 2.0" are definitely worth pursuing, but those alone aren't a replacement for a legitimately good business idea. Honestly, there's a lot of fluff out there under the "Web 2.0" name, and I think that's what Kleiner wants to stay away from. I think the biggest thing is that cheap != easy Sure, you can write good software with a cheap Pc and entirely free software, and there may be very little equipment costs compared to other industries. But that doesnt make it EASY. I'm sorry, but no one has the right to compare themselves to Steve Jobs. In programming languages every character is just as important as every other character (on average), so each character should get the same amount of space. For example, looking at this: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/images/programming-fonts-2-... ...the "!" in the conditional is squished into about 3 pixels, but it has just as much importance as any other character, if not more. Glancing at this code you might not even notice it. In normal text it is also important, but would appear at the end of a sentence, which would be hard to miss...but wedged in there between the "(" and "O" it gets lost. Another example is trying to line up things. This is sort of a style preference, but sometimes I like doing things like this: float percent = 0.4f; int width = 640, height = 480; char flag = 'A'; Now, when I typed that the text field was using a monospaced font and everything was lined up perfectly. Chances are, you're viewing it with a variable width font... is it lined up? Not really. (edit: ok in this case multiple whitespace characters are converted to a single point but you get the idea) What about this: float percent = 0.4f; int width = 640, height = 480; char flag = 'A'; Much nicer, eh? Variable width fonts are optimized for readability of free flowing text like books, articles, etc. Code is highly structured, and lining things up and that sort of thing can help the readability. Can you give me cases where variable width font in code is better? I mostly agree with this, except I also think it's pretty important to have at least one other co-founder... but it's even more important for you to be able to trust and work well with those co-founder(s). Going out and finding some random dude that you don't know or trust to be a co-founder for the sake of having a co-founder seems like a huge gamble and just a bad idea. Does it use Markdown? I guess there's one way to find out... emphasis strong This is an H1 ============= This is an H2 ------------- ### This is an H3 ###### [Y Combinator]( http://www.ycombinator.com ) Nope, just similar I guess... My best piece of advice... 10 minutes goes by really fast. My psych major friend is working on a theory that procrastinators have naturally low levels of endorphins, so they subconsciously use the stress of procrastination to raise those levels. I thought that was a pretty fascinating theory. Yeah I thought the two were mutually exclusive... Perhaps this comment on the Uncov article explains it: "subtext: persai is going to launch soon...crap, better start making some friends" My university had the usual ACM algorithmic programming contests, but the ACM and UPE (CS honor society) student groups also put on other "alternative" programming contests, which I found more fun. Last year they had a 24 hour programming contest to make the best app based around a certain theme... "a series of tubes": http://uscp24.com/ My team made a crime tracking web app for my school, which had nothing to do with tubes except we called it TOOBS: http://toobs.tlrobinson.net/ This year they're doing a two day contest called "Code for a Cause" where teams make accessibility software for the disabled: http://ss12.info/ What happened to the quite simple idea of me giving money to an ISP in return for unfettered access to the Internet? Oh, that's right... ISPs oversell bandwidth in the hope that most people don't [try to] saturate their connections. Then when they do, the ISPs come up with b.s. excuses like piracy to throttle customer's connections. I'm not saying piracy isn't a problem, but the ISP's job is to [p]rovide [I]nternet [s]ervice, not decided what I should or shouldn't be able to do on the Internet. Why am I not surprised that a Perl programmer feels that he's too good for syntax highlighting? That said, I do like some of his alternative highlighting ideas. Maybe someone can hack together something with svn/cvs, etc. You're forgetting one thing that every software company office needs: whiteboards Don't bother with real whiteboards, they're expensive... just get 4' x 8' sheets of white tileboard from Home Depot for $13. Huge and cheap. I even got one for my room at home. Credit goes to this page: http://www.kk.org/cooltools/archives/000679.php Fight the urge to go with one of those logo factories that churns out dozens of rehashed logos. It's a waste of money. Correlation != Causation It drives me crazy when I hear stories about "Children who [play an instrument / listen to classical music / have a pet] are smarter than average". While that itself may be true, the implication that one causes the other most likely isn't. It's far more likely that a kid is smart AND plays an instrument or listens to classical music because their parents foster that sort of environment. If your kid is dumb, making him listen to classical music isn't going help. There was a great Penn and Teller "Bullshit!" episode about this: http://www.sho.com/site/ptbs/prevepisodes.do?episodeid=s1/bb My computer science and computer engineering major required a discrete math course (which mostly included combinatorics, set theory, and logic) and probability theory, plus calc 1-3, linear algebra, and diff eq. I also took number theory. Out of all of them, I'd say the discrete math course was the most applicable. It also sort of depends on what area of CS you're interested in. For example, probability / statistics for computer networks, number theory for cryptography, artificial intelligence uses lots of logic (and many others), graph/set theory for general algorithms, geometry for graphics etc. It writes fine, and erases pretty well. It does leave a faint "ghosting", but an occasional wipe with some whiteboard cleaner makes it go away. It's hard to complain for $13. I mean, we covered a whole wall for about $40. Oh no, please don't let Hacker News turn into Ron Paul News... I mean Reddit. I wanted to do something like this a couple months ago but on a larger (although anonymous) scale, but haven't gotten around to it. I live pretty much right at the corner of the 10 and 110 freeways in downtown Los Angeles, two of the busiest freeways in southern California, if not the country/world. The idea was to set up a high gain antenna pointing at the freeway, and track all the thousands, if not millions, of Bluetooth enabled cell phones that pass by every day. Maybe I'm just a sucker for random statistics, but you could get some interesting data, like the relative numbers of phones from different manufacturers (I believe Bluetooth MAC address ranges are tied to manufacturers), traffic stats like the number of cars per minute, or even the speed of the cars determined by the period that a device stays within range. not caffeine I just donated/ordered my OLPC! http://www.laptopgiving.org/ I loved Sim City! I wonder though, how useful is a game that's centered around American type cities to kids in developing countries? Right place, right time. JavaScript, at least up until recently. It definitely got a bad reputation due to it's inappropriate name (trying to jump on the Java bandwagon, nothing to with Java whatsoever), copy/paste JavaScript snippets of the late 90s (giving us exciting features like blinking/scrolling text, fun cursors, etc), ginormous browser inconsistencies, and the use of prototypal inheritance instead of classical inheritance. Hmmm scriptable Sim City... That could be interesting Hmmm scriptable Sim City... That could be interesting you mean cracker? http://valleywag.com/tech/breakdowns/truck-driver-in-texas-k... Who's to say that the two can't be the same? Though I don't think the "winner" won't come from Google. Whoaaaa, double negative, my bad. What I meant to say was "Though I don't think the "winner" will come from Google." I wouldn't call this a "server side GUI"... It's a client side application that happens to be loaded from a server and run within a browser. Gmail's support for IMAP is even sketchier. It's terrible. Perhaps it's because Gmail uses labels rather than folders, it doesn't map well. Also, when I delete a message from the inbox, it doesn't actually delete the freakin message, it just removes it from the inbox. Arggggg. Meebo and Facebook have puzzles too. Why so verbose? Am I the only one who likes concise code? 'pos=solvepuzzle&auth='+(new Date()).getTime() edit: yes, that's milliseconds If it looked something like this you're not done: YWxlcnGZvbGxvd2luZzogQoJ1zZWNyZXQgY29kZSB1zZWNyZXQgGZvbGxvd2luZzogY29pczYioyK== For the first step, yes... but that's just the first step... And actually, I couldn't get curl to work... I'm guessing I wasn't setting the referrer or user agent right or something. Does anyone know of any other job puzzles like this? The only ones I've seen are Facebook and Meebo: http://www.facebook.com/jobs_puzzles/ http://blog.meebo.com/jobs#web It's pretty silly that people keep making a big deal about this guy being a "surfer"... He has a PhD in theoretical physics... and also happens to be a surfer. So what? I plan on using the OLPC XO as an ebook reader. It's got a dual mode screen for full color indoors and grayscale in sunlight outdoors. Since it runs Linux I'm sure it could handle pretty much any format you throw at it, given the right software. $400 (including donation of a laptop to a child), so same price, but can do a hell of a lot more. Plus it looks cool. Plus you're donating a laptop to a child. One week left... http://laptopgiving.org/ You were probably exaggerating, but for reference: public class hello { public static void main(String args[]) { System.out.println("Hello World"); } } Also, I interviewed with a large company that shall remain nameless (probably not who you would expect), and one of the interviewers mentioned that their build system was a MILLION lines of Perl... Without more details I can't be sure, but this sounds like exactly the type of useless Facebook app I would absolutely hate. Yes, the position was for the build team, so I assume maintaining that beast was part of the job. - here - http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/ (programming languages) - http://joel.reddit.com/ (software in general) I once asked a similar question, and someone recommended dreamincode.net ... don't bother... most of the questions are like "what is a boolean?" svn We're using it because it's free, suits our needs fine, and is pretty much the standard these days (especially for open source projects) p.s. you know TortiseSVN is just a Windows client for Subversion, right? Why not? Have you read "1984"? Like industrial systems engineering? At least at my school that was considered the "easy" engineering major. I have a feeling that "liberal science" would tend to be even easier. But if executed well I think it's a good idea. I try to use mine as an ebook reader, but despite the high resolution display it's hard to read for extended periods of time. First of all, I'll say that this (really neat sounding) project doesn't necessarily fall into the following category, the title just reminded me of a pet peeve of mine... I'm always skeptical of the claims of "do this amazing thing in x lines of code" where x is some ridiculously small number. For example, the prototypical 10 minute Ruby on Rails blog, or the 1 line of code WebKit-based web browser. The problem with these things is they make great whiz bang demos, but they really don't take any less code, it's just that you don't have to write that code because it's already written for you and hidden behind a layer of abstraction... which is great, as long as it can also be applied to real world problems, not just little toy demos. Neat, but does this really actually improve web application development (the client side of things)? You still have to deal with HTML and CSS and the DOM. "I have a difficult time seeing the value in an application that can be developed by a first-year computer science student in one weekend." First of all, the value doesn't come from the technology, the value comes from the users. RockYou's applications have millions upon millions of Facebook users, each of which can generate revenue via... advertising! Second, that said, I doubt a first year CS student could write a scalable implementation of Super Wall, etc, that would support said millions upon millions of users. Basically, RockYou is like HotOrNot... not very technologically exciting, but managed to get a critical mass of users. If another company tried to duplicate what HotOrNot or RockYou has done now , they would fail miserably, and believe me, many have tried. You read Joel's Strategy Letter VI, didn't you? This does nothing to abstract away all the nastiness of dealing with browsers. For example, from their introduction, you end up with stuff like this: (html-stream *standard-output* (html (:html (:head (css (* :border "1px solid black") (div.bl0rg :font-family "serif") (("a:active" "a:hoover") :color "black" :size "200%")))))) I was asking about Joel's article because you used the phrase "JS has become your assembly language", which he also mentions. My comment regarding abstracting away browser nastiness was in response to my original comment, "You still have to deal with HTML and CSS and the DOM", which you didn't address. "The idea of abstracting away from the browser entirely seems attractive, but turns out to be impractical once you get to know the problem better." In fact, I know the problem very well, and can tell you that this is simply not true. Unfortunately I can't give you any more details right now, so I'm sure you'll think I'm full of shit. I'll admit that a) I'm biased, and b) I haven't looked at Parenscript in depth, but from what I've seen I don't see it solving any problem well enough to get non-Lisp geeks to use it. http://www.ajaxflakes.com/web-20/top-100-online-generators-w... I challenge someone to create a "web 2.0 generator generator". Or a generator that uses these generators to generate a "web 2.0" site without any interaction from the developer. Not unlike the CS research paper generator that these guys wrote: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/ Some of the papers were actually accepted into conferences. Summary: J2EE sucks. Rails, Django, WebGears, and Zope are pretty nice. The problem with this demo is that both examples (hello world, and a time tracking app) are very simple examples. While it's very easy to do simple things in Rails (can't speak for the others), it's still hard to do moderately to very complex things. There's no magic bullet. That said, Rails, etc to make things more fun and take some of the grunt work out. I think the problem is we have two very different solutions to two different problems . Parenscript seems great for the things you're describing, but those are the things I happen to not be interested in. I'll be sure to let you know when we have something more to show, I'd be interested to hear your opinions of it. "Nearly everything is a hash... everything else is an Object" Huh? Objects are basically hash tables/associative arrays in JavaScript... I didn't really read the article, but the title gave me another idea: Type your (potential or existing) password into Google. If you get any hits, it's not a good password. Of course there are exceptions, and just because Google doesn't get any hits doesn't mean it definitely is a good password. But it seems like a decent measure of password security. Please ignore this. The guy who started this whole "why(firefox|digg|etc)isblocked.com" thing is a sleazebag SEO jackass. This is just another publicity stunt of his. It also shows how predictable the Digg users are... if you want a bunch of traffic from Digg, make something to piss off Digg users. Digg: mob mentality at it's finest. The problem is that the patent system is a) broken and b) very abused. It's at the point where companies will go out and patent everything they possibly can, in order to protect themselves . Then, when company A decides to sue company B for patent infringement, company B simply finds a patent of theirs that company A is infringing, and they counter-sue then call it even. It's utterly ridiculous, but it's common and considered normal these days. For example, the Qualcomm / Broadcom patent lawsuits. Cisco does the same thing. I don't leave my laptop in my car... I'm just waiting for my laptop to break / get stolen, it would give me a great excuse to buy a new one... (it's a 1.33GHz PowerBook...) Yeah, as far as I'm concerned, the OLPC XO is a far better device than the Kindle. Sure it doesn't have "free" EV-DO for buying ebooks from Amazon, but it runs Linux so you can use any ebook format you want (without paying Amazon). Plus full web browsing and other (basic) desktop apps that you would expect from a low end laptop. ...For the same price as a Kindle ( including a donation of a laptop to a child in a developing nation) Remember, $400 is the cost of two XOs. So really it's more like half the price of a Kindle . Plus as qaexl noted, you're not taking into account inflation, etc. And I do think the Kindle is overpriced. Most. Overused. Rhetorical. Device. Ever. Yes, eval() is much slower than it's call() equivalent. When the iPhone came out I had a great idea to actually implement this... unfortunately there were too many road blocks, the main one being that the carriers don't tell you where the cell towers are. http://tlrobinson.net/blog/?p=24 A company called Navizon ( http://www.navizon.com/ ) has such a product, and they rely on users to wardrive for WiFi and cell towers. cyber-squatters lie somewhere between the scammers and spammers on my internet jackass shitlist. Google's "I'm feeling lucky" feature just takes the first result. If there's an image search API you could just use that, taking the first result. It's really fascinating to see the beginnings of something as huge as Facebook. Is this written by Zuckerberg, or one of the guys suing him for "stealing" Facebook? Is it a journal, or a chat log, or something else? More details plz! +1 for Colloquy on OS X Normally I find Scoble's videos incredibly boring, but these guys have a really neat idea. It's a WiFi enabled platform with a bunch of different plug-in modules (LCD screens, GPS, camera, motion sensor, accelerometer, etc) that you can put together in different interesting ways. It lets people easily build obscure but useful things that would otherwise never get built due to the complexility of building such things. One example they had was a GPS/internet enabled radar detector, that would automatically report the locations of speed traps. Sounds good to me! Interesting. I find it amusing that he went to all the trouble (well, not that much trouble) of using MySQL's spatial database features when the following simple query performed even better: SELECT country_code FROM ip_country WHERE ip_to >= INET_ATON('%s') ORDER BY ip_to ASC LIMIT 1 I voted your comment up because I'm a Trojan, but I have to admit, I somewhat agree with this. I do think its much more applicable to undergraduate students than graduate students though. Any of the non-comparison sorts (radix, bucket, etc) would be good since he specified the elements are integers. http://www.laptopgiving.org/en/shipping-information.php You should get yours between December 17-31, though those dates are "conservative". I ordered mine within a couple minutes of them going on sale, so I'm hoping I get mine before I leave for vacation... Unfortunately at this point the "view/edit source" button is exactly the same as on browsers... view source. It only works for web pages and it's not editable. I think the editable version is in the works. I do think it's a great idea, but I imagine it would be very overwhelming for a kid who has never used a computer before, let alone programmed (in a foreign language, too, most likely). What would be really neat was if in addition to opening the source, it also had some sort of dynamic tutorial that would explain what the kid was looking at. For example, they open up a webpage and it explains the HTML to them. I too plan to use mine as my primary travel laptop. I've realized that 97.482% of the time I'm just coding/web browsing/emailing/chatting, which doesn't require too much horsepower. I also think the XO will make an excellent ebook reader. Screw the Kindle! It will be a pleasant downgrade from the ginormous 17" PowerBook I've been lugging around for the past 4 years. The black and white mode is front lit, not back lit, so it definitely won't work well in the dark. Other than that, I'm not sure, but I'll definitely be interested to try it. Yeah that's what I thought too. Someone on #olpc on irc.freenode.net mentioned it a couple days ago. I do think they're still working on it, it's just not going to be ready right away. So are we taking this to the next level or not? Where's the Reddit/Digg buttons? Neat, but not very practical/useful unless you are very constrained by memory and need a doubly linked list that you will always traverse starting at one end (much like stream ciphers, you can't just jump to the middle, since the next/prev pointer depends on the last one, which depends on the one before that, all the way back to the first) Though I do love the XOR operator, and this just adds one more reason why (like the XOR swap trick http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XOR_swap_algorithm or XOR's extensive use in cryptography). The problem is, yes, there are libraries available for these things, but as far as I can tell they're not usually included or standardized. When I fire up Ruby or Python or whatever I know that most of the things I need are already there, and I don't usually have to go hunting down libraries all over the net. There are just too many options for dialects, libraries, etc. I want one standard Lisp that has all the "expected" things built in so I can focus on programming . Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Warf, Alcatraz, etc if you're into the touristy stuff. The hotels around Union Square are nice and centrally located. Uncov is getting old. It was funny for awhile, but now it just seems like he's being an asshole for the sake of being an asshole. Like the "Web 2.0" version of Maddox. 6. I'm a mediocre programmer at best but could easily write a chess program that, with infinite processing power, would be perfect. Yeah, IF you had infinite processing power, it would be a nearly trivial exhaustive search program. IF I had a way to read my opponents emotions, etc like humans can, then I could write a fairly trivial program to do well at poker. But those are two very big "IF"s. The problem is the two games are very different. Chess is a game of perfect information, where both players know the entire state of the game. Poker is not, plus it has an element of chance. You can't really compare the two. That's the point, it's hard to cheat "average karma per post"... you have to actually have posts that people like and upvote, instead of zillions of crappy posts. Carefully. This is just silly, their top 5 (Yahoo, Facebook, MySpace, Google, and YouTube), just happen to be 5 of THE most trafficked websites on the Web (all in the top 7, according to Alexa). This smells like linkbait. Though I do agree that MySpace is pure evil. What I meant was you can't really compare the "easiness" of the two for humans based how well a computer would do. Computers are theoretically good at chess, and theoretically bad at poker, but that says nothing about how easy or hard the two are for humans. You can't say that A is easier than B for humans just because a computer can do A well but not B. For example, computers are excellent at doing large calculations very fast but terrible at recognizing objects in a scene visually, but humans are the exact opposite. I don't know... delivering 50 pound bags of dog food in the mail just seems like a bad idea... That's just silly. Honorary degrees are just that, honorary , to honor someone. You don't hear people talking about how they received "their degree" from some university when in fact it was actually an honorary degree. I don't feel like my degree is somehow cheapened because my university gives honorary degrees to people who didn't "earn it". Webkinz? Ridiculous. Beauty is subjective, it would be completely unfair to tax people based on such subjective qualities. This is exactly the one big fear I have as I'm beginning my career in software. I really don't want to end up sitting in a cubicle coding boring ass software for the next 40 years... While we're ranting about Sun, my university's old-ish (1990s?) big (8 SPARCs, 32GB RAM) SunOS (before Solaris) time-sharing machine that they have for all the engineering students to do projects on doesn't even have a freakin' Subversion client on it. I spent the better part of an hour trying to compile it before giving up. Shouldn't they be encouraging students to use source control? I guess I take these things for granted. Neat. I've actually been asked at least one of these in a job interview (as a problem solving type question). The "check to see if an integer is a power of two" one, in particular. I'll be very surprised if Microsoft can get anything but a very very stripped down version of XP running on XOs 433MHz processor at any sort of reasonable speed. Maybe it will be based on MinWin: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MinWin And you have some sort of app to reverse this? Almost as good as expertsexchange.com I feel like if either: 1. Given the spelling there isn't one obvious pronunciation of the name or 2. Given the pronunciation there isn't one obvious spelling the name probably isn't he best choice. For those who don't want to read the whole thing, here's the part I found most interesting (though I didn't get through it all either...): In this article, we will survey the new algorithm design method called holographic algorithms. This method uses perfect matching as a basic coding technique to encode computations, and then the FKT-algorithm to carry out the final computation. A particularly innovative idea is to choose a set of linear basis vectors to express and interpret a desired computation. In effect the algorithm is designed to manipulate sums of perfect matchings in superpositions, while the speed up is achieved by cancellations among such "holographic mixes". These holographic algorithms are quite unlike anything before, except perhaps quantum algorithms. At the heart of the computation is a process of introducing and then canceling exponentially many computational fragments. But unlike quantum algorithms, these holographic algorithms produce classical polynomial time algorithms. So far this method has produced some exotic algorithms for problems which were not known to be in P previously, and minor variations of which are known to be NP-complete or NP-hard. The most intriguing question is whether this new theory can lead to any collapse of complexity classes. We contend that our belief of NP != P is based on the sense and experience that the usual algorithmic paradigms are insufficient for NP-hard problems (we don't have strong lower bounds for general models of computation). But does our erstwhile experience apply to these new exotic algorithms? If the answer is no, then it is conceivable that the new methodology may lead to a radically revised conception of P vs. NP. Of course it is quite possible that the theory of holographic algorithms does not in the end lead to any collapse of complexity classes. But even in this eventuality, as Valiant suggested in [54], "any proof of P != NP may need to explain, and not only to imply, the unsolvability" of NP-hard problems using this approach. I wouldn't exactly call that steganography... you could accomplish the same thing by "hiding" data in any URL... Interesting idea though. Dude, where's Eric Raymond?! Q: How many theoretical computer scientists does it take to change a light bulb? A: No one really knows, but it's in the same complexity class as taking out the garbage. (got that one from my algorithms course professor) Neither, if possible. What are you trying to do? But definitely not Java. I guess that leaves Flash. I have to wonder if the attention he gets is because of his age. He certainly wouldn't get away with a lot of the things mentioned in the article if he were, say, 20. It's also annoying that there aren't any unsigned (primitive) data types in Java. You end up doing weird bitwise operations to get the correct results. for example, to convert an unsigned byte to an integer: byte a = (some unsigned byte data); int b = 0xff & a; Ah, so you're one of those people who still thinks Macs are only for artists, your grandma, and stupid people... My laptop, being 4.5 years old, turns out to be a pretty good benchmark of all these Flash based video sites. The good ones aren't choppy, the bad ones are unbearably choppy. This is one of the bad ones... The article states he works for free at the Nike store and others because of child labor laws. "The coding utilizes Amazon EC2 so running costs are low" Uh huh... using EC2 for storage sounds like a bad idea, especially since data on EC2 instances isn't persistent... While I'm sure they meant S3 , you have to wonder about a company that uses them in their product yet still confuses the two. Somewhat misleading title... it doesn't last for 10 years between charges, the total lifespan is 10 years under certain conditions: Toshiba described the Super Charge ion Battery, or SCiB, as a "breakthrough rechargeable battery" that can be fully recharged in five minutes and has a lifespan of more than 10 years if completely run down and recharged once a day. Best websites to view on iPhone's MobileSafari: all of them. Karma? Oops, when I copied that I didn't notice that they had edited the article. It originally read: "The coding utilizes Amazon EC2 for storage so running costs are low," Was that... Knuth?! I think its fairly safe to assume that most news.yc readers who would enjoy xkcd already know about it. I want one! Personally, I don't really care where the comments show up on Google searches. What I do care about is the fact that it took about 30 seconds to sign up and add the Javascript snippet to my site's footer template. It couldn't have been easier. Removing as many hurdles as possible is key. But they aren't duplicated, since the comments show up in a JavaScript generated iframe (although I admit that's not ideal) The Googlebot doesn't execute JavaScript, or count iframe'd pages as part of the original page. If both Disqus and your site used OpenID you would get that for free :) Unfortunately it appears that neither does :( Anyone developing a new website should take the little extra time to support OpenID authentication, it would make the world a better place. However, one nice thing about Disqus (like OpenID) is that you only have to register with Disqus once, and any blog using Disqus can use that one account. The point is the comments aren't indexed as part of your site because they are displayed in an iframe from Disqus's servers. They show up as belonging to Disqus, not you. For really simple sites that don't need a full blown database backed CMS I just use simple PHP includes like the following: Then header.php is just: My Site - and footer.php is just: If you want to get a little fancier you can set up a URL rewriting (like Apache's mod_rewrite) to internally change yoursite.com/section/subsection to yoursite.com/content.php?a=section&b=subection or something, then you can eliminate all the duplicate templates and just have your content files ( make sure you validate the section and subsection names ). Or you could plug in a really simple database. I'm no PHP expert, so if anyone has better ways of doing this kind of thing I'd love to hear it. (actually, I have a question: with this layout it's hard to pass data from included files back up to the templates, like $title above needs to be defined before the header include... is there some trick I'm missing?) "Always", no. For the foreseeable future, yes. Err, yeah I guess just the new comment box is in the iframe, but obviously most web crawlers aren't going to execute the JavaScript that displays existing comments. It sounds like your API addresses this, but as someone mentioned, what about the problem of Google penalizing sites with content showing up in multiple places? Also, generally you can't patent ideas like "multitouch" but rather processes or methods of implementing an idea. Not sure if there's any patents on IR-based input like this, but a quick search didn't turn anything up. Of the people I care about, none use MySpace. I find MySpace incredibly trashy. Unfortunately, I fear Facebook is heading in that direction. Silly Facebook apps are Facebook's equivalent of MySpace users' annoying CSS styles and auto-playing media. I'm going to go ahead and preemptively post xkcd #358: http://xkcd.com/358/ In fact, while I'm at it, here's the next month's worth to save nickb the trouble, since he seems to feel the need to post every new xkcd comic: http://xkcd.com/359/ http://xkcd.com/360/ http://xkcd.com/361/ http://xkcd.com/362/ http://xkcd.com/363/ http://xkcd.com/364/ http://xkcd.com/365/ http://xkcd.com/366/ http://xkcd.com/367/ http://xkcd.com/368/ http://xkcd.com/369/ http://xkcd.com/370/ Other fun ones: http://www.google.com/codesearch?q=0xFEEDFACE http://www.google.com/codesearch?q=0xCAFEBABE http://www.google.com/codesearch?q=0xBADF000D And various permutations (DEADBABE? BABEFACE?) This reminds me of the scene in Garden State where the rich friend who invented silent velcro has a huge mansion with nothing in it. No. Machine Utilization - $0.14 per Amazon SimpleDB Machine Hour consumed Amazon SimpleDB measures the machine utilization of each request and charges based on the amount of machine capacity used to complete the particular request (QUERY, GET, PUT, etc.), normalized to the hourly capacity of a circa 2007 1.7 GHz Xeon processor. I'm all for photographers/artists/etc getting paid for their work, but "her story" is basically her being whiny and greedy: ...has founded a new company called YieldEx, which is still early, but aims to help Web site owners maximize their ad revenue. He's mum on the details, but VentureBeat hears he has $3 million... so these guys expect me to work for free? Are they serious? How much does she expect to get paid for a low resolution photo shown for a fraction of a second in a silly web video ? http://www.killnine.com/comics/15.php I think the point is that ground work is in place for future plans that will make use of such features. Whether such things pan out is another thing. "Microsoft want the DRM themselves because it puts them in a position of power over their competitors. They want Windows to be the OS that can play movies and music and other OS's to be shut out in the cold." That pretty much sums it up. No good can come of this. Personally I prefer TCP/IP via bongo drums ( http://eagle.auc.ca:80/~dreid/ ) or carrier pigeons ( http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1149.txt?number=1149 ). Nice thinly veiled attempt at spam, though I admit I like the game: 1) Why is it a Facebook app? I feel like people are making things into Facebook apps for the sake of making Facebook apps, even when there's really no good reason to. 2) You really need to make it ajaxy, there's no reason to force a reload of the page every move. "On the other hand, it's also possible that they could shop the combination around to other sites as their own answer to Passport and OpenID - a universal web identity backed by a trusted brand." [Sigh] A universal web identity should not be "backed" by any particular brand. That's precisely the strength of OpenID (and not MS Passport). You're free to use any OpenID provider which you trust (including yourself ), but you aren't required to use anyone in particular, like this guy suggests Google could/should do. For example, I recently set up my personal website URL to be my OpenID (very easy: two additional tags), which currently delegates to an account I registered with the myopenid.com provider, but I could easily change it at any time to another provider if I found another better provider that I trusted more (or even myself using something like http://siege.org/projects/phpMyID/ ) Now, if Google wanted to be an OpenID provider (like AOL, LiveJournal, Technorati, WordPress, and others have done) I would be all for that. What we don't need is some proprietary system. I suggest anyone developing a web app look into supporting OpenID authentication. It's not too much additional work, and it would make the web a better place if it were widely deployed. Plaxo has detailed instructions on converting existing web apps to support OpenID: http://www.plaxo.com/api/openid_recipe And for the rest of you, you should set up an OpenID and start using it wherever possible. Sam Ruby has good instructions on using your URL as an OpenID http://www.intertwingly.net/blog/2007/01/03/OpenID-for-non-S... or OpenID.net has information on getting an OpenID from any number of providers: http://openid.net/get/ Errrrr... http://tlrobinson.net/photos/IMG_0034.JPG 1) The spec isn't even finished, and won't be for about a year. 2) Once the spec is finished, it will be years before browsers fully implement it and it's widely deployed. Do we really need this? I think the focus should be on making current browser JS implementations a) less buggy (i.e. IE's ridiculous memory leaks) and b) faster. That would at least help all the existing JavaScript applications and users of such applications, right now . Perhaps... a few people are already doing it (Steve Yegge's alleged "Rhino on Rails", AppJet, and I'm sure others), but there's no overwhelming de-facto standard that I know of. Anyone know of any good server-side JS frameworks? Now you just need to quit calling it "pop"... Running out of things to post, I see. Errr... i, j, k are often used in mathematical proofs in summations and things like that... are we sure that's not why Fortran used them in the first place? Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Math or Fortran? If you're Guy Kawasaki you spend over $1000 (just for the first year) registering 55 domain names for a single website: http://blog.guykawasaki.com/2007/06/by_the_numbers_.html XMLHttpRequest? Or like the time I wrote a Makefile with the following rule: clean: rm -rf *.o myapp* which was supposed to delete "myapp" and "myapp-old" or something. Unfortunately the source was also called "myapp.c"... (because of SEO) How does registering for 10 years help with SEO? "Mr. Brin was most intrigued by the "engineering tricks" employed." I'd like to know what kind of "engineering tricks" they're talking about? "Logic might be more practical if you're applying for a job at Xilinx." Mathematical logical has very little to do with digital logic. It's definitely a good thing to understand how the lower levels of an abstracted system works. For example, read Joel Spolsky's explanation of "Shlemiel the painter's algorithm" problem: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000319.html Perhaps a more applicable example in web applications is the use of things like Ruby on Rails ActiveRecord. If you had no idea how ActiveRecord worked, you might end up making zillions of database queries without even realizing it. I have a feeling this is part of the reason some people have trouble scaling Rails apps... In the case of networking and web apps, at the very least it's a good idea to know things like the difference between TCP and UDP. You probably don't need to know routing protocols and that sort of thing though. That said, I'm not sure which to recommend. I took some of both (2 networking courses, and basic logic was covered in discrete math and 2 AI courses I took... including the one I have a final for in 7 hours...) and I've found the networking ones to be much more applicable, but it's also good to know about logic as well. A better question: will it blend ? Looking at that syllabus, it covers a lot of useful topics for web apps: sockets, threads, TCP and UDP, the major application protocols (HTTP!), cryptography, authentication... and Web 2.0 ... WTF!... I'm sorry but that's a ridiculous topic to have in a college networking course. Is "Web 1.0" a prerequisite? 1) Don't link to Digg... link directly to the original source. 2) Your title is ridiculous. Tracing back to the original page is like a reverse game of "telephone": - "Make $300 Per User on Your Facebook App" - "Add New Facebook App += $300 For Somebody's Bank Account" - $16.8 billion / 56 million users = $300 per user 3) The math makes no sense at all. Sorry, I don't quite understand what you mean. What exactly is the "input"? So this is basically a JavaScript wrapper for Cocoa on the iPhone? Interesting, but I don't see much advantage, other than not having to compile. I take it you've never used Objective-C and Cocoa. Objective-C is a very dynamic language, especially among compiled languages. It was based on Smalltalk, the same language Python and Ruby were influenced by. There is really very little room for JavaScript to improve upon Objective-C. I think you're wrong :) "Jiggy" is a native iPhone app that hosts these little Jiggy apps, which are written in JavaScript but have nothing to do with HTML/CSS. The site talks about "Jigglins" which are written in Objective-C and add functionality to Jiggy, like the one they wrote that exposes part of UIKit (the iPhone's GUI API). So you need these little Jigglins wrappers for every Cocoa API you want to use. They do mention a code generator that I assume is for this purpose though. I assume that's how PyObjC and RubyCocoa do it to. All in all, this is an interesting idea, and it might be nice for simple apps and experimenting. But I've written some iPhone apps, and I can tell you this just doesn't seem worth the trouble. I did try installing it, and it seg faulted, so I gave up. We'll see once it matures a bit, but by then Apple's iPhone SDK will most likely be out (hopefully with Objective-C 2.0's garbage collection). Sure, but I still don't really know what you're talking about. You're talking about a GWT widget? 40 lines of the most unreadable code ever... RMagick I've been experimenting with some 3D JavaScript stuff too: http://tlrobinson.net/misc/3d.html This is very very alpha and probably only works well in Safari and Firefox (but the menu might not work in Firefix, sorry) Why pay guys in India $2 / hour to do it when you can set up a "free" porn site which redirects TicketMaster captchas to the sign up page and get horny dudes to do it for free? Not too surprising, since Linux is still very intimidating to the average computer user. Even for hackers, OS X has the advantage of being able to run most Linux/Unix applications in addition to all the excellent OS X apps. The obvious reasoning behind this policy is to prevent spam. But of course you only have access to your friends' email addresses. I want one! Ok let me rephrase that: I want smaller unobtrusive version of one! "I'm currently in the planning stages of building a hosted Java web application" Errr... why am I not surprised? This is highly misleading. First of all, a $5 million cluster could only serve a small fraction of Google's customers. Google is estimated to have nearly half a million servers worldwide... there's a reason they have that kind of capacity. And more importantly, Google's most valuable asset is their employees and intellectual property, which is worth a hell of a lot more than $5 million (according to their market cap approx $200 billion minus their datacenters, offices, etc) But their point that with $5 million you could build a significant cluster is a good one. Definitely not Google-worthy though. Yeah, I don't think it would be too hard, you just need a microcontroller, digital compass, a bunch of vibrating motors, and a power source. Vibrating motors: http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/product_info.php?products_i... Digital compasses: http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/categories.php?cPath=23_83 I think you mean "SQL injection"... "Always" is a dangerous word. I'd argue that polling is better for simple applications where latency and scalability aren't an issue. "Comet" adds a layer of complexity where it might not be necessary. Premature optimization... you know the rest. "326 of 331 people found the following review helpful:" That's gotta be some kind of record. Just like prison wardens were afraid Mitnick could launch nuclear missiles by whistling into a telephone...? Beoing's engineers would have to be brain dead for this to be a problem. The only reason [I can think of] for the in-flight entertainment systems to be linked to any navigation equipment is for those live maps and speed/altitude data, but even that could easily be linked to a separate GPS receiver. Turing completeness is a pretty good indicator. According to that, XML is not a programming language. And since both C++ and Lisp are Turing equivalent you can implement each using the other. Given that, if we're allowed to build other languages on top of our chosen language, then I too would choose a low level language like C or C++ (at this point I think assembly is too low level for most things) Extending that argument, if you give someone any Turing-complete language, he has any other Turing-complete language... PDF too: http://deptinfo.unice.fr/~roy/sicp.pdf How so? I think that users do need to be educated to not enter their passwords until they're redirected to their identity provider (and to confirm their "SiteKey" if the provider supports it). But it hardly "teaches users to fall prey to identity theft". The fact is that most users end up using the same passwords over and over again. Most websites (ecommerce and banks excluded) don't bother using any sort of encryption for logging in at all. OpenID goes a long way to lessen those risks. Additionally, integration into browsers could eliminate the risk of phishing. That's the point . It's inevitable because we're human, we can't remember hundreds of different passwords. Why not allow the user the connivence of logging in once using a single password, and at the same time improve the overall security? With OpenID, your password is only ever entered in one place : the OpenID provider's login page. When another site wishes to authenticate you it redirects you to your provider where you enter your password then get redirected back to the original site along with a token proving you have authenticated and granted authorization to the site. The most important thing is that you use a provider that you trust . A good OpenID provider can actually help prevent phishing and identity theft. For example, myopenid.com (and probably others) lets you select a personalized image that is displayed whenever you're prompted for your password (much like Bank of America and other banks' "SiteKey") and you're supposed to train yourself to never enter your password unless you see the correct image, to prevent phishing (though most of us are smart enough to look at the URL too). They also provide a comprehensive log of every site which has authenticated using your account, so if your password has been compromised it is very easy to find out. By the way, OpenID doesn't require you authenticate to your provider with a password. It could be done via a SecurID token, or even biometrics. Passwords just happen to be the simplest and most common method. "David Heeneymeeneymeineymoe Hansson" I enjoyed that. It appears to be back up: 2008-01-12: Fink website down The fink website is not functioning correctly at present. (You may have noticed that many of the links on this page do not function correctly.) The fink team is working to resolve the problem as quickly as possible. ...but I prefer MacPorts anyway p.s. I don't think news.yc is the place to ask about a down website... Wake me up when we reach 2,000,000,000. What's with obsession of giving pointless names to things? I'll accept "deceptive code", or just plain "bad code", but "dishonest" and especially "immoral" aren't appropriate terms. Less convenient? So, what happens when you're at a friend's house or public computer where you don't have your 1Passwd/Keychain database? Plus, once you're logged into your OpenID provider, you don't have to enter your password for any sites which you already trust, until you log out. That's part of the advantage of a single sign-on system. "Sites which don't support HTTPS can hardly be relied upon to be careful with my data, anyway." -- so, the vast majority of sites? People are going to use these sites either way. Most users don't even know what HTTPS is. While it's unlikely an OpenID provider would sell out to DoubleClick, etc, if you're paranoid it's also very easy to use your personal website URL as a portable OpenID (it's literally two extra HTML tags in your homepage's header). You can either run your own provider using a simple prepackaged solution, or do what I do and just delegate to another provider, which you can easily change in the future with a quick edit of you homepage's header. Here's mine: There's even WordPress (and I'm sure others) plugins to make this trivial for non-technical users. I agree OpenID is a little difficult to understand (as evidenced by some of the comments here) but it's actually very easy to set up a simple OpenID (many people already have one and don't know it... all AOL, Technorati, LiveJournal, WordPress, and some other accounts are OpenIDs) and not too much harder to set up a delegated OpenID or run your own provider. Here's a great little article by Sam Ruby: http://www.intertwingly.net/blog/2007/01/03/OpenID-for-non-S... I suggest everyone look into OpenID a little more before completely dismissing it. I'm not too surprised. I was just reading a blog post ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/zoho_omnidrive_data_sta... ) from a year ago, in which the CEO of Omnidrive posted a mistake-ridden comment defending their decision not to use WebDAV. "The reason why you can't write a WebDAV client in Javascript is because XmlHttpResponse() is a HTTP function, not a WebDAV function" Huh? Ever heard of Kim Peek ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Peek )? While he doesn't memorize code, he remembers other equally impressive things. There's an interesting documentary about him: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2T45r5G3kA I believe the reason we have both big and little endianness is due to some idiotic patent way back in the day. One company managed to patent big endian byte ordering, so others decided to use little endian to avoid licensing it. This is the part I found most interesting: "Thiel is a member of TheVanguard.Org, an internet-based neoconservative pressure group that was set up to attack MoveOn.org, a liberal pressure group that works on the web." Perhaps that explains MoveOn.org's attack on Facebook and Beacon last year... I always thought it was a little odd they would go after a website that has little to do with politics. This is obviously fake, so why are people making such a big deal about it? Waste of time, don't bother. I've given up on trying to understand the dynamics of AAPL. "He faced skepticism from other big investors. At the same time, fearing imitators, he used software that blocked fund investors from forwarding his emails." I'm curious as to what software can prevent people from forwarding your emails... I'm not sure if this is supposed to be ironic or not, but I got an "Error establishing connection with database" error when I tried loading the page the first time. It works ok now though. Yup... but I don't have automatic payments set up so I wasn't charged. "This is just a notice that your DreamHost Account #XXXXXX has a balance of $119.40 (including any charges not due until 2009-01-23), with $119.40 due (since 2008-12-23). You also have $109.45 past due (owed since 2008-11-23), and if by 2009-01-23 you do not pay at least the $109.45 part, your account will be automatically suspended until payment is received." The good news is I have until 2009-01-23 to pay it :) True, it is most likely compressed, but compression does not have to be lossy. Apple tends to use H.264/MPEG-4, which is (or at least can be?) lossless. It would be silly to send uncompressed HD video to the Apple TV when lossless or nearly lossless compression could be used. The only other thing I can say on the matter is that I was at Macworld today, and they were demoing Apple TV playing an HD movie on a giant screen (probably 50 feet across) and it looked excellent. I've heard this advice from two independent sources this week... too bad I suck at poker. I actually (partially) agree. I think that any company that wishes to be a OpenID provider should also be a relying party. I wouldn't use Yahoo or any of the other big guys as my provider anyway, though. I don't think sites should be reluctant to accept OpenID. It's more convenient for users to sign up, so if OpenID catches on (which obviously Yahoo thinks it will), they would likely get more (and happier) users. I'm not sure why you think support costs would be higher, since the OpenID provider is responsible for managing the user's account (lost passwords, etc...) OpenID is very different from Passport, namely since OpenID is open , not controlled by Microsoft. As I've said before, if you're so worried about "corporate overlords" spying on you, there's a simple solution: be your own Open ID provider. It's very easy if you've every set up a simple website before. That's a pretty ridiculous statement. First of all, I happen to like C for certain types of problems. Second, porting a large program from one language to another is not a trivial "optimization", so if you suspect a problem may need the speed, it's probably wise to use a suitable language in the first place. "Ken decided that he didn't need it and deleted it. You didn't happen to hang on to a backup copy, did you?" And with that, Jared saw nearly a month's worth of work disappear. He hadn't put it into source control yet because it wasn't quite ready, and he didn't want someone to confuse it with a working version and run it." That's the real WTF. This book seems to have been written for people with no programming experience. If you know any at all (especially C) you can safely skip chapters 1, 2, 3, 6, 7. After trying to build and serialize an XML document in Java, I'm even less surprised. Check out this snippet: DocumentBuilderFactory factory = DocumentBuilderFactory.newInstance(); DocumentBuilder builder = factory.newDocumentBuilder(); DOMImplementation impl = builder.getDOMImplementation(); Clearly these guys need to stick to commentary on RDBMSs, which MapReduce most definitely is not . MapReduce enables Google to do it's thing, so I wouldn't call it a "major step backwards". Compared to other server side web technologies, Java is definitely not slow. It's a common misconception that Java itself is slow, probably because many Java desktop apps are slow. YC tends to gives about $6K-10K per founder, which needs to last for at least 3 months or until they get more funding, unless they have other funds... and the funded companies seem to make it work... Another good start, but I'd like to see Google (and Yahoo) allow me to use my non-Google (or non-Yahoo) OpenID to login to their services. i.e. Google and Yahoo should be "relying parties" in addition to their current plans to be OpenID "providers" "I say death to President Bush, I say death to the United States. Fuck the United States, fuck the Jews, the Jews are a criminal people, they mutilate their children, they are murderous, criminal, thieving, lying, bastards. They made up the Holocaust, there's not a word of truth to it. They are the worst liars and bastards. And now, what goes around, comes around, they're getting it back, finally. Praise God... Hallelujah, this is a wonderful day. Fuck the United States. Cry, you crybabies! Whine, you bastards! Now your time is coming! The US is getting what is coming to it. This is just the beginning." -- Speaking on Bombo Radyo, September 11, 2001 Naturally-- and no one is complaining this is unfair--Microsoft also demands reciprocity of contacts. They say, in effect, we'll show you our Hotmail contacts, but you have to let your users share theirs when they sign up for Microsoft's Windows Live services. ... "Microsoft is the anti-data-portability company." Seems to be the opposite to me. Antitrust, anyone? (pretty bad movie, I know, but it makes you wonder...) Interesting idea. That seems like a lot of work, not to mention the same origin policy issues. Why not just validate it server side? A simple server side script could pull the JavaScript from the advertiser, verify it, and pass it on to the client. Or use a public key signature and verify it client-side, though that would require the encryption algorithm implemented in JavaScript. However, why do advertisement need JavaScript in the first place? As demonstrated by this incident, you're trusting the advertisers not to do bad things on your site. In most cases: too big. I actually like Vista. I'm a Mac user (so maybe it's the pretty interface I like...) and I probably wouldn't have paid for it, but I won it in a programming contest so I figured why not install it on my 3 year old mediocre PC with 512MB of RAM... bad idea. It was ridiculous slow, so I picked up another 2GB of RAM and it runs great now. When they say 1GB RAM minimum they mean it. Of course I wouldn't switch from Mac OS X to Vista, but as far as Windows goes, Vista seems alright. Obviously you pay a premium for the quick turnaround. But yes, that's a little ridiculous. Sigh... crop circle "researchers"...? Wow. After reading that I realize just how little I know about finance. I also now know how non-technical people feel when us programmers start talking in jargon. It was an interesting article though. OMG a woman on the internet. Pix plzzz!!! p.s. before you mod me down: http://xkcd.com/322/ Cool, on my drive from Seattle to San Diego last summer I had just gotten an auto power cord for my laptop, so I decided to make use of it. I recorded one frame every 30 seconds of the entire drive: http://youtube.com/watch?v=r4W7ZNmZ9VY Good. He's probably about to launch his startup and is trying to distance himself from the asshole image he's been cultivating on Uncov. This guy acts like he's so anti-"web 2.0" or whatever, and yet he still attends the Crunchies to blog for Valleywag? And what exactly is he accomplishing by ripping on people like Leah Culver for writing a post on generating random strings? I get the sense that he feels superior to any startup that doesn't tackle some difficult problem. I understand that, and I normally am not the kind of person to say such things, but I thought it was rather meta-ironic, considering the xkcd comic... edit: unless, of course, you were trying to be meta-ironic too... Excellent! Way better than mine. I have a BS in computer engineering and a MS in computer science... but I've never heard of a "core stack" (a stack trace in a core dump?)... am I one of those "incompetent" graduates? I've been experimenting with using Rhino (Mozilla's JavaScript interpreter written in Java) on top of Java servlets (Tomcat, in my case). After working through a few issues it's working pretty well. You can even compile JavaScript to Java bytecode for better performance. Rhino is great because it lets you use all the zillions of Java libraries directly from JavaScript without the Java... dynamic typing, no compilation, etc. I can do things like: importPackage(Package.java.io); var writer = new FileWriter("hello.txt"); writer.write("Hello world!"); writer.close(); So how does this work? A user takes a photo of themselves using a webcam or something? What's stopping a kid from holding up a photo of an older person? I'm a bit unclear on how you're preventing DOS attacks. Does the client have to request a "signed" URL from another part of the application first? If the user has to login to your application, couldn't you just limit it based on that? Or by IP address? (of course that won't help against DDOS, but that's another problem all together...) As far as hashing algorithms go, if you're just trying to keep an attacker from pounding your server in a DOS attack, any of the SHA1, SHA2, or MD5 should be fine, since even though there may be weaknesses, in reality it takes a long time to find collisions. Mostly silly Java things like classpath issues. Also, to get importPackage() you need to do: Scriptable scope = new ImporterTopLevel(context); instead of: Scriptable scope = context.initStandardObjects(); But now I'm having problems getting John Resig's env.js (a browser environment emulator) working because it uses getters and setters, which are new to Rhino 1.6R7. I thought I was using the latest version (it's the one in both JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/ext/js.jar and TOMCAT_HOME/shared/lib/js.jar) If an attacker requesting hundred of these image can bring the system to it's knees, it's a denial of service attack. I recently moved to Silicon Valley from Los Angeles after living there for 5 years for college + grad school. The thing that frustrated me most was that even though I lived in the heart of downtown LA, the nightlife was pretty pathetic. So I know what you mean. I also grew up right between the Emeryville/Berkeley/Oakland area and the Walnut Creek area... Orinda. We sometimes called it Borinda. I suppose it's a nice place to raise a family, and they have excellent public schools, but if you "hate when place is going sleep at 9pm" don't live there. Emeryville and Walnut Creek are probably somewhat better. Both are about an hour from Silicon Valley (Walnut Creek is not any further) and an hour from SF. And yeah, ff you're going to live in Silicon Valley I'd go for Palo Alto or Mountain View... that seems to be where all the young people are. The one place in the Bay Area I haven't lived in is SF, which I think would be awesome, but pretty expensive. No. The expensive part is dynamically generating the image. Once the image is generated it is cached and served up statically like any other plain html or image file. Yeah it helps to know a little Java to get it up and running, but you just need a little glue to get Rhino talking to the servlet and vice versa. Plus if you want to use the Java libraries from JavaScript you at least need to be familiar with the APIs (or know how to look them up in the javadocs) Take a look at Helma if you don't want to deal with all that, it uses Rhino: http://helma.org/ Pssh, that's alright, I got in around $7.50 / share back in '03. Also, it's "only" down $16.75 at the close. I don't have any particular recommendations for Java books, probably any of the usual "learn java" style books are ok, it's not a particularly difficult language to learn the basics, but I'd check reviews of books on Amazon or something. I've recently discovered http://www.cafeaulait.org/ and it seems like a good Java resource. And of course http://java.sun.com/ The whole series of SICP lectures is online: http://swiss.csail.mit.edu/classes/6.001/abelson-sussman-lec... They're pretty awesome. Agreed. I know nothing about this gene, but I doubt it would be wise to go around having lots of unprotected sex just because a test from some random company said you were resistant to HIV. I think it would actually be irresponsible and dangerous if that were the explicit or implied message. A lawsuit waiting to happen. Make sure it's clear to your clients that that's not the case. But instead, let's say we start off by hopping ahead 5 positions and instead look for the "s" at the end of "pen1s". Of course we don't find it, but then instead of checking the next spot, we again skip ahead 5 and look for "s". In fact, because we'll get zero matches, we can skip ahead 5 each time. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ^ ^ ^ .... s? s? s? ... if we don't find the 's' in any of those positions, that immediately rules out the possibility that "pen1s" precedes it. So instead of 1000 comparisons - we only do 200 ! Uhhh, no... consider the string to be searched: Xpen1sXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ^ ^ ^ .... s? s? s? ... Obviously you can't just skip 5 characters just because there's no "s" at position 5. The Boyer-Moore algorithm says you can skip those 5 characters because there's no X in the target string . His statement is still incorrect. That was... boring. Executive summary: - stocks and weather should use higher resolution imagery to convey more data - MobileSafari's bottom button bar should be transparent as to not take up extra screen real estate - he really like the phrase "computer administrative debris" Compilers is one of the few classes I really regret not taking in college. Fortunately, I discovered the unprotected URL to my university's online lectures site (no you can't have it) and might just have to watch this semester's class... I started watching them, and the professor recommends this book (and the new edition of the Dragon Book): http://www.amazon.com/Advanced-Compiler-Design-Implementatio... And Larry Page and Sergey Brin lost a combined $10 billion in the past month, and a lot of other people have lost a lot of money too... so what? Also, ASmallWorld: http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/06/fashion/06smallworld.html "I need to rent 20 very luxury sports cars for an event in Switzerland on the 6th September," a member wrote recently on the Forum, aSmallWorld's popular nucleus. "The cars should be: Maserati -- Ferrari -- Lamborghini -- Aston Martin ONLY!" Another announced: "If anyone is looking for a private island, I now have one available for purchase in Fiji." Well, you don't need to have the same company name as your product name, but it sure helps to have the domain name for your product name. Any recommendations on how to do stress testing? Bookmarklet version (Safari and Firefox compatible): javascript:function update(e) { var a = e ? e.target : window.event.target; var s = a.nextSibling; if (!s) { s = document.createElement("div"); a.parentNode.appendChild(s); } var words = a.value.match(/\S+/g); var num = words ? words.length : 0; s.innerHTML = "word count: " + num; s.style.color = (num > 120) ? "red" : "green"; } (function() { var a = document.getElementsByTagName("textarea"); for (var i = 0; i Also, condense everything into a shorter video. This first video could have accomplished the same thing in about half the time. I don't have time to watch 10 minute videos (unless they're really interesting/captivating), but could probably watch 3 minute videos. Maybe try writing out a script rather than rambling off the top of your head. For those who only care how it's done... a[href $='.pdf'] { padding-right: 18px; background: transparent url(icon_pdf.gif) no-repeat center right; } a[href ^="mailto:"] { padding-right: 20px; background: transparent url(icon_mail.gif) no-repeat center right; } CSS can match the beginning or end of attributes ("href") of a certain tag ("a"). Pretty simple, but neat. That's what this does, with CSS. See my other comment. In fact, I just tried it and it does work with user CSS stylesheets. Just copy the CSS to a file, change the URLs for the images to an absolute URL on the web (possibly local?), and set your browser to use that CSS file. However, it doesn't work well for every site, sometimes the icon is placed behind the link text. Awesome. This seems work similar to how the Google Maps API works. I assume it's safe to include your application key client side? http://minutillo.com/steve/weblog/2007/12/27/word-count-book... It's a bookmarklet rather than a context menu item though. Someone should write a Firefox plugin that lets you run arbitrary JavaScript from the context menu. That's pretty awesome. I guess this is what John Carmack is doing with his fortune from Doom and Quake. This is what's wrong with Java: J2SE, J2EE, EJB, JDNI, JMS, JTA, WAR, JAR, ERP, DAO, EIS, JSP, JDBC, XML, HTML, EAR, JAAS, JAF, JPA, JMX, JAXP, JAX-RPC, JAXB, SAAJ, JCA, SOA Every single one of those acronyms (and probably more) were used in that article. And, if you read this http://discuss.joelonsoftware.com/default.asp?joel.3.219431.... and thought he was exaggerating, think again. This is what I had to do to parse an XML file in Java the other day: DocumentBuilderFactory factory = DocumentBuilderFactory.newInstance(); DocumentBuilder builder = factory.newDocumentBuilder(); Document doc = builder.parse(new File("something.xml")); Element root = doc.getDocumentElement(); Sigh I have over 400 karma and it's happening to me too. I absolutely despise corporate-speak like " Team Centric X Collaborative X A+ Players with Low Ego. Get in on the ground floor and join a winning team." I occasionally would throw together simple sites for my graphic designer friend... this is the one I'm most ashamed of: http://backendrevenuesolutions.com/ Some "key" phrases: Develop synergistic flow between website, CD-Rom, and other product components for campaign. Assumes key position to drive growth Hire and Manage writer for website to ensure that website works synergistically with the infomercial and back-end sales And worst of all, I had to type all that out because the client insisted on using images for text, so she could have her damn font show up correctly. At least The Register isn't buying it... The Glaswegian psychologists may be hot stuff at face recognition, but plainly aren't engineering types - an engineer who said he'd produced a system with 100 per cent reliability would be laughed out of the room. I'm pretty sure Lego is what unleashed my inner hacker as a young child. For some reason I imagined the cockpit of the world's largest commercial airliner would be much bigger. Despite the sensationalist headline (which had little to do with most of the article) that was a pretty good overview of the current situation, in layman's terms. Could be web crawlers for search engines (or research, at Purdue?) They're supposed to play nicely, especially if you have a robots.txt file set up. Try that first if you don't. If you want to go the iptables route (have fun...) check out the --limit option. Here's an example: http://www.webservertalk.com/message1796841.html Yeah. I put Xfce, Firefox, Thunderbird, etc on it. It makes a nice rugged day travel laptop. what's wrong with wc -l * Tables for layout is awful in terms accessibility and semantics, among other things. Tables are meant for tabular data, and when you use them for layout it breaks those semantics, which in turn makes it much harder for screen readers to make sense out of it. It's also just ugly, in my opinion. Believe it or not, I still have a :CueCat. I hacked it to output standard barcode numbers (unmodified it uses some silly obfuscated encoding to lock people into their software). http://www.oreillymaker.com/link/7686/arc-for-dummies/ Please forgive me. Next: "Linux in 62 lines of code!!!" Excellent! +1 for ICANN. I figured that bird's neck was the closest thing I was going to get to an "arc". And I thought it was crazy that he didn't use a cell phone ("personal tracking device"... as he calls it)... I agree, but in fact Yahoo does provide the option of a me.yahoo.com/username or flickr.com/photos/username url, but by default you get some randomized URL which is impossible to remember. I really don't like Yahoo's decision to essentially force any site which wishes to allow users to use Yahoo's login to include a stupid "Sign in through Yahoo" button. It's exactly opposite of what OpenID should be. I also don't like Plaxo's, Pibb's, etc decision to give into this and include the giant freakin' button (free advertising for Yahoo) on their sites. "Sidejacking is a term Graham uses to describe his session hijacking hack that can compromise nearly all Web 2.0 applications that rely on saved cookie information to seamlessly log people back in to an account without the need to reenter the password." and "Web 2.0 is fundamentally insecure because data isn't encrypted" Uh no, many "web 1.0" (and 1.2, 1.5, 1.6, 2.6, 3.0, AND 3.3... but not 1.8 or 2.5) sites are also vulnerable... it has nothing to do with a particular version of the interwebs. Anyway, from Robert Graham's article it sounds like XMLHttpRequests that are normally protected by SSL will fallback to non-SSL in the case of failure. Normally that should never happen, since http and https are considered different "origins" in terms of the same-origin policy. I couldn't tell if this is a browser issue, or if Gmail is doing something crazy. Either way, it's a big problem and should be fixed. If a boat's anchor can accidentally sever a major backbone cutting off several countries from the Internet, just thing what a terrorist could deliberately do... I've always wondered how you would go about fixing a cable deep in the ocean. Subdomains are also considered different origins. There are other ways around it, like using tags. As far as whether or not that would prevent falling back to non-SSL, I doubt it. Personally I'm a fan of OpenID. It's open, flexible, and probably the most widely adopted single sign-on system. I would roll my own authentication, but also support OpenID, mostly because I think "average" users would be scared away by forcing them to sign up for an OpenID first. These guys (a summer '07 YC company) might help with that problem though... http://www.clickpass.com/ I don't think the Facebook authentication API is meant to be a general purpose login system, but rather only for authenticating for use with the other Facebook APIs, much like OAuth. And I wouldn't touch Windows Live ID / Passport... I have to wonder if it's not just a coincidence that he's not only shutting down chicagocrime.org at the same as he's launching his new, related company everyblock.com, but also redirecting all traffic to the new site... Anyway, it was a cool site, and it inspired me to write something similar (though less elegant, and currently not updated) for my university during a 24 programming contest a couple years ago: http://toobs.tlrobinson.net/ The stock market continues to baffle me. Microsoft is offering $31 per share of Yahoo. YHOO is now trading at nearly $31, up from $19 at the close yesterday. Why would anyone pay $31 for a share of Yahoo right now? There are two possible outcomes: 1) the deal goes through, and you get your $31 back either in Microsoft stock or cash. No net gain. 2) The deal doesn't go through and YHOO drops back to around $19, losing you about 30%. Am I missing something? This is driving me crazy. Time to break out an image editor. edit : if you can't let this go either, save yourself a few minutes: http://tlrobinson.net/misc/illuuusions.png It might be interesting to see a scatter plot of number of submissions/comments vs. average points per submission/comment. What would be really cool is if you opened up a simple API or just the raw data so we could go wild with it :) Before the article: 2/10 After the article: 8/10 For those not familiar with Wil Shipley, this is his style, so MacBook Air haters: don't take it personally. :) Some context: he founded The Omni Group software back when OS X was NEXTSTEP. They became pretty successful when Apple bought NeXT and released Mac OS X. He left and founded Delicious Monster, which makes one of the more successful useless OS X applications, Delicious Library. I hate to nitpick, but... it's iPod , not IPOD, Ipod, or any variant. I don't have an iPod touch, and if I did I probably wouldn't loan one to someone on a web forum, especially not someone who registered just to ask that... but I'm curious, is it a web app or hacked SDK app? This guy implemented a continuation-based syntax highlighter in JavaScript: http://marijn.haverbeke.nl/codemirror/story.html I'm not sure how relevant it is to implementing Arc, but never say never. JavaScript is Turing complete, after all... My bank (USAA) has offered this for about a year. It's really convenient and awesome, more banks should do it. Fight on! BS CECS and MS CS, USC, '07 document.getElementById("input").addEventListener("keypress", function(e) { e = e || window.event; if (e.keyCode == 13) { $('#eval').click(); e.target.value = ""; }}, false); ...or the equivalent in jQuery. Not IE compatible (no, I don't care) In the meantime, here's a bookmarklet you can use to "patch" it: javascript:(function(){document.getElementById("input").addEventListener("keypress", function(e) { e = e || window.event; if (e.keyCode == 13) { $('#eval').click(); e.target.value = ""; }}, false);})(); I believe you can use the "with" operator in JavaScript to use any object as the global object (normally "window" in the browser). I'm not sure how useful that could be, but it might help make it self contained. That's great for development, but not for production. Deploying with Apache, etc is still a pain in the ass, as far as I can tell. Yeah! Even 3D! http://tlrobinson.net/misc/3d.html What happens when some rogue user decides it would be funny to "accidentally" translate something incorrectly... I suppose they could cross check submissions with each other, and pick the ones that match most. This reminds me of this "human computation" lecture: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-8246463980976635143 There are a bunch of options... I've never tried it, but Arduino sounds like a good option for you: Arduino is an open-source electronics prototyping platform based on flexible, easy-to-use hardware and software. It's intended for artists, designers, hobbyists, and anyone interested in creating interactive objects or environments. http://www.arduino.cc/ It's based on an Atmega micrcontroller, which is also popular among hobbyists. TI has a dead simple (looks like a thumb drive, plugs in USB) and cheap ($20) microcontroller programmer with microcontroller called the eZ430: http://www.ti.com/corp/docs/landing/ez430tool/index.htm And Microchip has a pretty cheap and simple programmer for most PICs called the PICkit2: http://www.microchip.com/stellent/idcplg?IdcService=SS_GET_P... As far as connecting these things to your computer, USB is probably easiest I've used the PIC18FXXX5 series which has built in USB support (just add a few cheap components and a connector!). Here's an excellent website: http://pic18fusb.online.fr/ And of course since you're interested in making MIDI controllers, check out MidiBox: http://www.midibox.org/ Finally, a couple good resources/forums I find helpful: http://ladyada.net/ http://forum.sparkfun.com/ I wish I had more time to play with all this stuff... What an awful article. It sounds like it was written by a 12 year old: "It's even hard to trust trusted sites is not safe any more." Huh? Yes, it started as KHTML, but Apple has taken it to a new level. The KHTML and WebKit guys have had their differences in the past, but I believe KHTML is trying to merge all of the WebKit improvements back into KHTML, hopefully eventually unforking the two: http://arstechnica.com/journals/linux.ars/2007/07/23/the-unf... Where did you come up with that assumption? A quick (very unscientific) test of a big web application (over 100 JavaScript and image files) shows you're wrong... (first column is seconds with empty cache, second column is seconds after cache was filled) WebKit - 15 / 9 Firefox 3 - 18 / 12 Safari 3 - 19 / 12 Opera 9.24 - 20 / 15 Opera 9.5b - 20 / 19 Firefox 2 - 21 / 21 Again, these are very rough numbers (I took the best out of about 3 runs) on a pretty slow machine (1.33GHz G4). Perhaps the numbers would be different for simple static pages, but I don't have a good way to time that. It doubt he's using a preview of the real SDK, he's probably using the hacked SDK. In fact, heavy clickers skew towards Internet users between the ages of 25-44 and households with an income under $40,000. Heavy clickers behave very differently online than the typical Internet user, and while they spend four times more time online than non-clickers, their spending does not proportionately reflect this very heavy Internet usage. Heavy clickers are also relatively more likely to visit auctions, gambling, and career services sites – a markedly different surfing pattern than non-clickers. So basically, the heavy clickers are losers who live in their parents' basements? The image quality is awful and gives the site a cheap feel. I'd use PNG. We've been going back and forth on whether or not to use S3 and EC2. At the moment we're only planning on using EC2 for computationally expensive tasks like generating thumbnails, PDFs, and that sort of thing. We might use S3 for storage of large files, but probably not small frequently accessed ones because of the per-request charges and latency. We're going to try to build an architecture that's not tied to one particular hosting method... we could start out on EC2 and if it doesn't work out then move to dedicated boxes. And even then if there's a particularly heavy load we could fire up additional EC2 instances. The nice thing about EC2 is it's pretty easy to experiment. There's no big up-front costs with setting it up, so there's not too much to lose by testing. If all you want to get out of college is to learn to program or other "trade" skills, then yeah it's probably a waste of time, but that's not what college is all about (unless you go to a vocational school) Recently... ~7 hours Unfortunately those 6 hours have usually been 6AM to 1PM... And apparently I can't do simple math. Those 7 hours . Numerous mistakes involving "rm" and "*" No, bash will also use .profile Just like that nabble page says, add the following to your .profile using a text editor: export PATH=/opt/local/bin:/opt/local/sbin:$PATH Sigh. Read up on how to use the Unix/Linux command line. I guess I take it for granted. ~ signifies your home directory, thus ~/.profile is in your home directory, which is the default directory all Terminals start in. "nano" is a simple command line based text editor. Try "nano ~/.profile" Or use the "open" command to open it in a GUI text editor like TextEdit: "open -a TextEdit ~/.profile" (replace TextEdit with the name of your favorite text editor) Honestly, if you can't figure this out then I don't think MacPorts will be very useful to you. And I don't think Hacker News is the place to get this kind of support. I like this idea, it's very much like the #xkcd-signal experiment, designed to force interesting conversation (especially a problem in certain IRC channels...) http://blag.xkcd.com/2008/01/14/robot9000-and-xkcd-signal-at... It will also make non-spammers think twice about posting useless comments or submissions (assuming they either have low karma or actually care about their karma level) Today was the day I was going to tackle the S3 component of our application... and I wake up to see this. A sensationalist headline from a (lame) Facebook "competitor"... hmmmm. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=85461 This is a good step, but probably only a temporary fix. They basically encrypt client-tracker communications to prevent filter software sniffing peer addresses, which are then immediately disconnected. Unfortunately, BitTorrent traffic has a fairly obvious signature (compared to most internet traffic) which is vulnerable to traffic analysis. Even with encryption it could probably easily be detected and throttled. Disguising BitTorrent traffic to look like other normal traffic might work, though I'm not sure how. I have no sympathy for Comcast or other large US telecoms. Supposedly these guys were given huge tax breaks ($200 BILLION) in return for developing the infrastructure for high speed (~45Mbps) internet to homes... but that infrastructure was never built. There's a book called "The $200 Billion Broadband Scandal" (though I haven't read it.) Just because Comcast oversells their capacity it doesn't give them the right to arbitrarily filter some of my traffic. I'm supposed to give them money and they're supposed to give me a connection to the internet at the speed they advertise. Part of me hopes they take it this far and either get a class action lawsuit brought against their asses, or piss people off enough to get some net neutrality legislation passed. Whew, sorry for that rant... I'd probably use the new Office Open XML (Office 2007+) formats rather than the old binary formats. WordPress (and others?) is perfectly good. No point in wasting time reinventing the wheel (unless that's your kind of thing). Throw together a template to match your company website if you want. If the number shows up on caller ID try these: http://800notes.com/ http://www.whocalled.us/ I think you can also get your phone company to block numbers that have caller ID blocked. The first one's always free... Does anyone know for sure if this is true or not? Normally I agree Joel's articles, but having dealt with the new garbage that Microsoft calls a standard, Office Open XML, I can tell you that none of this applies. Yet the Open XML spec is over 6000 pages long (compared to these binary specs which are a measly 100-300 pages each). Open XML is not designed for performance... it's XML, and today's computers are fast enough. It IS [ supposed to be ] designed for interoperability (somehow they managed to get ECMA to put their stamp of approval on it), but in reality it feels like it's a half-assed attempt to wrap all of Office's legacy formats in XML. For example, to import you still need WMF importing, because a lot of the graphics (including all clip art) are WMF. Gunter, the Boeing spokeswoman, mentioned that maintenance technicians with laptops will be able to wirelessly access and download information from the 787's administrative network while the plane is on the ground. Likewise, gate personnel in the terminal can upload flight plans and passenger information via Wi-Fi to the cabin crew's onboard intranet. Using WiFi to upload flight plans seems like a particularly bad idea... Ahh... yet another pair of companies exchanging patent lawsuits. There should be a name for this. Patent ping pong? I can't speak for Windows, but Mac OS X has always had PDF viewing and creation built in. It's as easy as selecting the "Print to PDF" button in any print dialog. 100% penetration on OS X. Personally, I prefer a straight up link to a PDF. My browser can display it inline, and if I want to save it to my hard drive I just option-click. 4 space tabs FTW. I'm sure this will be great for simple things, but certainly CPU intensive things will be at least an order of magnitude slower in JavaScript? Is previous the next next? I really need to write several small or one moderately sized project in a new language to get the feel of it. I've been trying to learn Python and Lisp without any real project to hone my skillz on, whereas with other languages I actually had projects that sort of guided me. So I suggest finding a project that can be written in the language you want to learn, and start writing it. Zob-nee Touché At this point in time I'm not worried about outsourcing, since I probably wouldn't want to do most of the jobs being outsourced anyway . I have no desire to write accounting software, etc for Fortune 500 companies for the rest of my life. I'd much rather work on interesting and creative projects. I don't think outsourcing lends itself well to these types of problems, though that may change in the future. And, of course, this gem: From a young age [girls] learn that they are objects, Professor Gill said, so they learn how to describe themselves. A total of 400,000 seem to have become bored with the social network and didn't bother to return. I guess I'm not the only one... Have, yes. Use regularly, no. Of course Facebook only gets a small cut of that, unless they start selling massive numbers of "gifts" or Facebook tshirts... Err, hasn't epic always meant something like that? I like their attitude. I just wrote "Do it fucking now" on a post-it note and stuck it by my desk. We'll see how that works out... These are not operating systems in the normal sense of the word. The web browser/server is the operating system, this is more like a window manager. But you still need the browser, which is also like a window manager. It all just doesn't really make sense. How about this one... js> r = RegExp("asdf", "g"); /asdf/g js> r.test("asdf") true js> r.test("asdf") false js> r.test("asdf") true js> r.test("asdf") false Surprisingly this is not a bug, though I was certain it was at first. When using the global flag the RegExp object will keep track of the last matching character position and start the next comparison at that position (after the 4th character, in this case) which results in this seemingly incorrect alternation between "asdf" matching "asdf". Removing the global flag produces correct results. No so much motivating, but more like a reminder to get back to work when I'm procrastinating reading (and responding to) stupid comments on the interwebs. Quartz Composer is pretty neat. Also, Yahoo Pipes seems like the web mashups version of QC, but I've never really tried it. The article also mentions Apple began filing patents for these things in 2004 , and they acquired FingerWorks, which may have been working on such technology for even longer. I believe Apple's implementation of the multitouch hardware/software is unique ( very different than Jeff Han's FTIR method) which certainly is patentable, though that's a different issue than the gestures. It doesn't matter if it's unique now or not, if Apple filed a patent first (note: possibly before the iPhone was even announced) and there was no prior art, then as far as I know they're entitled to it. It's not like Apple is patenting the "pinch" per se, they're patenting the method of using a pinch gesture for a very specific purpose: zooming in and out. It obviously doesn't apply to people making pinching gestures in any other context. I've been tempted to attempt some form of polyphasic sleep. Currently it seems I'm practicing sort of free-running sleep... going to bed between 4am and 8am, waking up between 11am and 2pm... Polyphasic sleep seems well suited for people in early stages of a startup, with very little external commitments... though that may change if it gets to the point of hiring additional employees, seeking funding, etc. Pure polyphasic sleeping seems a little extreme to me since the days would end up blending together I think I might go crazy. But the everyman schedule is appealing because you still get a few solid hours of sleep to clearly delineate days. Oh, and of course there's the 28 Hour Week: http://xkcd.org/320/ I can't believe at one point he recommended Java... Usually it's the Japanese companies that excel at this kind of small, sleek electronics... perhaps someone's a little jealous? 28 hour day I think what he's getting at is that while cyperpunk and hacking culture are not mutually exclusive, they do not entail each other. From what I've seen a cyberpunk "hacker" is usually the "other" kind of hacker (again, not mutually exclusive) I'm sure ESR wouldn't tell you to not waste your time on an amazing hacker (in the original sense of the word) who also happened to be into "cyperpunk", but most cyberpunks are not amazing hackers. There's a good reason the stock market is so heavily regulated, otherwise it would be even more infested with scams and scandals than it already is. On a related note, you've probably heard of oneshare.com which sells single shares of a stock for gifts, but what about high priced stocks like GOOG or Berkshire Hathaway... Why not have shareshare.com, which sells you a share of a share, say 1/10th of a GOOG share for ~$50, or 1/1000th of a BRKA share for $140? I guess this would end up being like a mutual fund consisting of a single stock... Bookmarklet if you can, since it will instantly be compatible with most browsers (as long as you're careful). If it only needs to act when the user clicks it then bookmarklet should be sufficient. If it needs to automatically do things in the background without user interaction then you'll need to do toolbars. "If you want a great business, take Coca-Cola. The product is unchanged, they sell 1.5 billion 8 ounce servings per day 122 years later." 1.5 BILLION servings of Coke a day?! That's 1 for every 4 humans on this planet. Now that is a crazy stat (and I thought Starbucks opening 7 stores per day was crazy) Perhaps so they can contact their chefs? http://valleywag.com/356298/google-chef-in-homeless-shelter But seriously, this is something that could actually help homeless people get jobs, etc, so good for Google. Hopefully the numbers are untraceable back to this initiative, so there's no chance of discrimination against homeless... Y Combinator is (we hope) visited mostly by hackers. The proportions of OSes are: Windows 66.4%, Macintosh 18.8%, Linux 11.4%, and FreeBSD 1.5%. The Mac number is a big change from what it would have been five years ago. ( http://www.paulgraham.com/mac.html ) The percentage of Mac-using Y Combinator founders appears to be even higher. Actually the majority, I think. A long time ago I came across a password protected site with a login page at something like: www.example.com/private/login.html I was curious so I entered: www.example.com/private/ Sure enough I got a standard Apache directory listing, which included the password protected page... Ask YC: Have you found that brushing your teeth is beneficial to a startup company? http://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=p3ZpyEuzg1jyMSQxC-NBM... Presumably many lurkers don't have accounts thus won't vote in your poll... If you use Subversion, I suggest svnstat: http://sourceforge.net/projects/svnstat We've gone from about 20k to 45k LOC in 2 months. A one liner for recursive line counts (explicitly allowing certain extensions): find . -regex ".*\.\(js\|py\|rb\|php\|html\)" | xargs wc -l Is 23andMe's test for HIV resistance the same gene as your startup tests for? WebObjects used to be available in both Java and Objective-C, which is influenced by Smalltalk (it also used to be $50,000... and now it's free with OS X). However, Apple killed off the Objective-C API around the time Java was first being hyped. Tis a shame. For sure. I love both the hardware and software sides of things, though unfortunately I don't have much time to dabble with electronics any more. My last project was a computer-controlled kegerator (while I was in college, of course), called the kegbot: http://tlrobinson.net/projects/kegbot/ Don't give me too much credit, I wasn't the original creator of kegbot, I merely implemented my own version of the idea. Mike Wakerly deserves that credit: http://hoho.com/mike/ http://kegbot.org/wiki/Main_Page http://kegbot.org/project/index.php.html Arduino is also based on Atmel microcontrollers (kind of like BASIC Stamps are based on PICs) Combine this with that guy's Wii head tracking project and it would be really creepy. Living in the Bay Area without a car is fine if all you do is commute between home and work on public transportation... but if you're trying to start a company, raise money, etc, I couldn't imagine doing it without a car. I would be more worried about C... which this already runs (apparently securely) How about some JavaScript support. Here's I'll help: document.write(eval(inputString)); Of course that lacks any sort of security measures... Not sure how easy this is to integrate, but this is an interesting read about implementing a continuation based syntax highlighter in JavaScript. http://marijn.haverbeke.nl/codemirror/story.html It also doesn't work on PPC... yet another reason I need to upgrade my 4.5 y/o PowerBook. What are the implications of people submitting other people's contact information to any other service, like, say porn or spammy sites? I don't think it's Chatterous's problem, as long as they provide a confirmation email and opt-out procedure. Pssh... I'm a Mac user and I can confirm we're superior to PC users. Perhaps that should have read "I can confirm we feel superior to PC users" I find trance excellent for coding. It's relaxing yet energizing, and not distracting. "Sometimes, music with lyrics in the language I'm learning" I assume you don't mean programming language? If that's what you did mean, where can I get music with lyrics in Python, Lisp, etc? This guy is a genius; if you haven't seen his talk on human computation (which explains some of this stuff in more depth) I highly recommend it: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-8246463980976635143 "Arrogant is usually something you hurl at somebody as an insult," Hansson said. "But when I actually looked it up — having an aggravated sense of one's own importance or abilities' — I thought, sure." Is he trying to be ironic here? I stopped reading at #8... Icanhascheezburger. Funny and entertaining, yes. Powerful though? Being a journalist at a tech conference/festival can be a dangerous thing... just ask the Dateline mole at Defcon last summer, Michelle Madigan: http://blog.wired.com/27bstroke6/2007/08/media-mole-at-d.htm... Certainly these were different circumstances, though. Where can I see this video? This could have been a very interesting case study on the BitTorrent protocol. I wonder if they recorded much data. Germany doesn't sound like a very fun place to be at the moment... first they pass a ridiculous law preventing security professionals from doing their jobs http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20070528-germany-adopts... and now this? I'm guilty. I wrote something like this awhile ago for my site... http://tlrobinson.net Finite volume and infinite surface area, eh? For example, volume grows as the cube of linear dimension, but surface area only as the square. So as animals get bigger they have trouble radiating heat. http://www.paulgraham.com/ycombinator.html Perhaps large animals should make themselves into the shape of Gabriel's Horn. Of course then they'll radiate too much heat. Schrödinger's cat There is. Duplicate URLs are not allowed. As for different sources reporting on the same thing, that's a bit harder. Ugh. That is all. Honestly, that's way more than I ever wanted to know about HTTP header status. But certainly useful. Yes this is a big deal. Flash may work better than PDF on Windows, but this is definitely not the case on OS X, especially iPhone, which doesn't even have Flash but is great at displaying PDFs. It would be nice if there were even just a small .pdf link right next to the bigger URL. Or a way to disable iPaper integration completely. As someone else mentioned, this won't work with iPhone or any other browser without Flash installed, so I shouldn't have to view the iPaper-ized version just to get to the PDF. This isn't a flaw in the protocol, but rather the user management features of one particular implementation. Of course he also says "I will not criticize the mouse... too much"... JavaScript is way more capable than people give it credit... http://tlrobinson.net/misc/3d.html In case anyone wants a simple way to take screenshots of webpages (on Ubuntu): aptitude install xvfb xwd firefox netpbm Xvfb :4 -screen 0 1024x1024x24 & sleep 1 firefox --display=:4.0 -width 1024 -height 1024 & sleep 10 firefox -remote "openURL(http://news.ycombinator.com/)" sleep 5 xwd -root -silent -display :4.0 | xwdtopnm | pnmcut 1 125 800 600 | pnmtojpeg > screenshot.jpg Of course these commands can be automated in your language of choice. The only problems: firefox opens a new tab by default, so you can't close old ones; and there's no way to find out when a page is done loading. DHH will eventually go stale. I look forward to that day. JavaScript: The Definitive Guide (a.k.a. the Rhino Book, published by O'Reilly) is a great place to start as well as a great reference. In fact, Douglas Crockford (mentioned elsewhere in this topic) says it's the only JavaScript book he can recommend. Cool... http://awurl.com/kydnwg8299 I can't seem to get my news.yc username linked up to my OpenID. I login to my OpenID provider, then get to the point where I enter my news.yc username and password, but then it takes me to a blank page on news.yc. :( I too am interested in this. I'm a relative newbie to this all. At the moment, we have a simple script that pulls down the latest (or any) revision and deploys it on the production server. Our app is mostly client side, so there's not a lot of complex backend logic, which makes things easier. I highly recommend having separate dev and production servers for anything but the simplest app. SliceHost slices or other VPS works well for this. Just make sure you get one with enough memory. We were regularly wedging our 256MB dev slice, which was a pain in the ass. Unfortunately there's a huge difference between Apple / Google style minimalism and vi style minimalism: http://rob.tc/index.php/2007/08/20/everyones-first-vi-sessio... Language agnostic? On one hand, I think everyone should learn at least a little programming. But honestly, casually "learning a language or two" isn't going to make you a great hacker. That said, I certainly don't want to discourage you from doing it if you want to. Perhaps try learning a little programming, and if you like what you find, learn more. These visual programming environments take the wrong approach. All they really help with is the syntax, which is the easy part. I'm sorry I wanted to give the blog where I heard it from credit... Why this post sucks ass: 10) Java does not have DHH Page last changed 3 years ago It's a shame quirksmode isn't updated very much (at all?) any more. It was (and still is, and to an extent) a great resource. First Galileo (the EU's GPS alternative), now this. Do Europeans enjoy wasting taxpayer money on duplicating perfectly good solutions in the name of nationalism? "There are many ways to address this through task prioritization, and sandboxing background tasks or even limiting their size ." Huh? Limiting the size of an application? Alright... while(1) malloc(1); Sandboxing doesn't really address that either. Furthmore, the data is anonymous : "We present a study of anonymized data capturing a month of high-level communication activities within the whole of the Microsoft Messenger instant-messaging system." Agreed. I was able to set up full text indexing/searching in a few hours. The longest part of the process was trying to figure out which versions of Java Lucene and Zend PHP Lucene were compatible. FYI: Lucene 2.1 index format support (which is also used in Lucene 2.2) is included in the current "trunk" branch. It is available via SVN in current nightly snapshots. We hope to include Lucene 2.1 index format support in ZF 1.5.0. The current release (ZF V1.0.4) works with Lucene 1.9-2.0 index formats. http://framework.zend.com/manual/en/zend.search.lucene.html#... Sounds a lot like the reasons I use OS X (except the free as in beer or speech part) Oh is Web 3.0 in beta already? Where can I sign up? One query per comment is terrible ... I'm glad you realize it's inefficient :) Adjacency list in the database, build the tree in memory, cache the result in memcached if you need to. I don't know of any "how to be a VC" books, but here's what I understand about VCs: 1. It's easy to be a casual angel investor (typically investing your own money) but not so easy to be a VC (risking others' money). VCs typically create funds in the hundreds of millions from a number of large organizations (pension funds, endowments, etc). A couple millionaires who simply have a lot of money but no VC experience aren't going to have much credibility when raising hundred of million dollar funds. VCs are fiduciaries to their limited partners, so they're responsible for explaining all their investments. Angels can invest in a company that makes toothpaste out of poo if they want. 2. For the same reason, VCs also usually sit on the board of the companies they invest in. Angels typically don't. 3. Different VC firms have different policies on selecting which companies to fund. Some might require unanimity, some majority, some 2/3s, etc. 4. VCs typically make money two ways: yearly management fees regardless of how well the fund does, and a certain percentage of the profits of the fund. 5. VCs are professional investors who invest other people's money. They may also invest some of their own money, but the majority comes from outside investors. See #4. I just watched The Net last night. It's on Comcast's On-Demand for the next couple weeks for anyone who's interested... All of our data was anonymized; we had no access to personally identiﬁable information. Also, we had no access to text of the messages exchanged or any other information that could be used to uniquely identify users. All of our data was anonymized; we had no access to personally identiﬁable information. Also, we had no access to text of the messages exchanged or any other information that could be used to uniquely identify users. Well, 2% of $200 million = $4 million. Funds typically have a lifetime of 10 years, so they have multiple funds in the pipeline. OpenID and/or Clickpass Wrong article, perhaps? Silicon Valley Mac OS X has a great one built in. Leopard's new "Alex" voice is excellent. By the way, in OS X you can use the built in speech synthesis from the command line. say "hello world" Check the man page for more options. Segways can handle most terrain humans encounter daily. Anybot is also working on a wheeled robot, Monty. Then again, Dean Kamen said cities would be redesigned for Segways... Heh, I actually just used it... It's not just you! wikipedia.org looks down from here. Interesting idea. Just make sure you're clean in terms of intellectual property contributed by people outside your startup... Bear Stearns Oh, wait... I can't tell... is this a joke? That's the worst idea I've ever heard in my life, Tom. One of my friends always follows his GPS navigation system, even if he knows it's wrong. In particular, there's this one point on a freeway where the freeway signs clearly indicate the correct route, but his GPS always tells him something else. Without fail, he follows the GPS directions, which tell him to exit the freeway and almost immediately get back on the freeway. It drives me nuts . Here's some bookmarklets to automate the very simplest strategies. Unfortunately I don't think there's an easy way to automate this guy's strategy though. Buy only: javascript: window.setInterval(function() { document.getElementsByTagName("button")[0].onclick(); }, 1000); Sell only: javascript: window.setInterval(function() { document.getElementsByTagName("button")[2].onclick(); }, 1000); Random: javascript: window.setInterval(function() { document.getElementsByTagName("button")[Math.floor(Math.random()*3)].onclick(); }, 1000); Of course, these are all pretty awful strategies... Err, why was that downvoted? Zed Shaw led a team of Rails devs at Bear Sterns, and now they're looking for new jobs... http://www.zedshaw.com/blog And why is MAMP better than the Apache installation built into every copy of Mac OS X? 1) Download and install MySQL 2) Enable PHP in the Apache config file 3) Enable Web Sharing in System Prefs This is coming from a Firefox developer, Safari's main competitor. Sounds like someone is a little bitter and/or scared. It's a great (though definitely shady) move by Apple. A few people will complain, sure, but they'll gain potentially millions of new Windows Safari users from the tens (hundreds?) of millions of Windows iTunes users. Additionally, I would guess that most of the people switching to Safari because of this will be IE users, not Firefox users. Given the choice between a user using IE or Safari, which would you prefer? I think even Firefox fans would agree Safari would be better for everyone (except MS of course). I'm no expert, but I'd start with iptables, snort, denyhosts, bastille, nessus, nmap, etc PDF: http://www.scanit.be/uploads/php-file-upload.pdf PDF: http://conal.net/papers/Eros/eros.pdf What a bunch of FUD. Granted there are lots of products that abuse TCP/IP, even Cloudant, the Y Combinator funded home router startup http://www.crunchbase.com/company/cloudant But P2P technologies like BitTorrent don't use multiple connections to maximize bandwidth to a single server, they use multiple connections to distribute the load across many other hosts. They continue to espouse the virtues of P2P applications as “efficient” but what they don’t tell us is that “efficient” means efficiency in bandwidth hogging. If I want to download a 500MB movie, I NEED to use 500MB of bandwidth one way or another. The demand is there, the only question is how will it be met. P2P networks are incredibly efficient in that they distribute the load across many many hosts and networks. Just because they use lots of bandwidth doesn't mean they're inefficient. Try distributing a popular torrent from a single server and watch it melt before your eyes. They also don’t tell us that P2P is efficient at offloading the costs of video distribution to someone else. Yeah, that someone else is me and all the other BitTorrent peers who are paying our ISPs for access to the internet. The diagram below shows what happens when an application like BitTorrent uses the network continuously. That has much more to do with the BitTorrent protocol than the TCP/IP protocols. It takes time for a host to discover other peers and ramp up, etc. Additionally, comparing BitTorrent to email, and even Skype, is a ridiculous comparison. If it's really such a big problem, ISPs should shape traffic across the board, fairly. AND disclose to their customers what they're really paying for. But they certainly shouldn't filter or limit specific types of traffic. I missed the last page before I posted the above comment. Briscoe's solution does sound ideal, but trying to patch TCP/IP is like trying to stop a freight train. Maintaining backwards compatibility with billions of existing hosts while making such drastic changes is not an easy task. That's why it's been almost 15 years since IPv6 was introduced and it's still not deployed in any significant numbers. Windows users read my stuff, but almost never download anything. Are they afraid of software? Perhaps Mac users are more trusting of random software on the internet due to the lack of malware on OS X? ... as well as 37,000 part-time workers--mostly peasant farmers--who are on call to blast away at clouds with 7,113 anti-aircraft guns and 4,991 rocket launchers. Well, let's hope we never have to attack China... I believe that, but it's the internet as a whole that we should be concerned with, not individual connections. This might not help, but now that you've failed you can take comfort in the fact that most startups do fail. I knew I wasn't the only one thinking of Office Space when reading that essay. That said, I think there's been enough news.yc posts about the essay. Can we please move on? Pssh we won't use laptops in 2015, we'll all have microprocessors embedded in our brains! Also, learning C helps you understand what's going on at a lower level, which can be important. Agreed. Or just ask the professor. If I were a professor I'd be ecstatic if someone wanted to sit in on a lecture just to learn, not for credits. However I've also had great professors who would allow it because they feared the students wouldn't be fully committed since they weren't obligated to do assignments and exams. correction: would not allow it I agree with Dave. I post on my blog very occasionally because I try to limit it to mostly original content. Keep the signal to noise ratio high. I never liked the term "blogosphere" because it seemed like the people who associated themselves with that term were the ones who have all these little meta conversations about... the blogosphere. Of course, this post adds yet another layer to the people talking about people talking about etc etc etc. Sigh . Ugh. This is exactly the kind of commentary that Winer ( http://www.scripting.com/stories/2008/03/30/proofThatTheEndI... ) and BrandomM ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=149887 ) and myself are fed up with. Perhaps I'll write a blog post called Matt Maroon's Trolling Continues to Boggle the Minds . Agreed. Voting up things to express opinions is exactly why Reddit became overrun with Ron Paul posts. I'd rather not see Hacker News devolve into OS/browser/editor/etc wars. spam / scam? DH-1: Labeling other people's arguments with DH levels. Interesting stuff. We do some really basic distributed error reporting: any uncaught exceptions are caught and reported back to our server. Multiple errors are batched together to limit the network requests. While we try to test extensively on all the major browsers we can't test everything, so this has helped us a lot. You can. Just indent it. You could have said the exact same thing about, say, the Internet 20 years ago. I'm not claiming OpenID is as important as the internet, but just because average people don't know about it doesn't mean its not important or won't be important in the future. April Fools. Read to the bottom and it's clearly a joke. But it's a day early (though to be fair, it is April 1st in some parts of a world) Please please please don't post every single April Fools joke you see on the internet tomorrow. If it's particularly hacker-worthy, then sure. This is not. I don't know what it is about this guy, but I hate his style. Douglas Crockford is much better: http://javascript.crockford.com/ http://javascript.crockford.com/javascript.html http://yuiblog.com/blog/2007/01/24/video-crockford-tjpl/ OOXML which was submitted by Microsoft to ECMA, and by ECMA to ISO, has literally crawled through the needles eye. NO! A document format is an abstract thing that can't "literally" crawl through a needles eye. Maybe a tiny little bug might be able to literally crawl through the eye of a needle, but not a freakin document format spec. Arrgggg. I entered my existing username and password in the registration fields and it logged me in. It's even easier to shoot yourself in the foot with compiled languages like C or C++ (strcpy, etc are especially dangerous) Correct me if I'm wrong, but Parenscript doesn't abstract away HTML, CSS, JavaScript, it just lets you write HTML, CSS, and JavaScript using a Lispy language. This is very different than abstracting away HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, which is where I think the real problem is. I shouldn't have to learn 3+ of different languages (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc), AND 3+ different variations of each (Mozilla, WebKit, IE, etc), AND multiple versions of each, AND another abstraction layer (Parenscript) just for basically macros, just to write a web application. I can't help but think you haven't written a sufficiently complicated client side web application. Textmate also makes it easy to pipe your text through any command line program... want to sort a few lines? Select the lines, Command-Option-R and enter "sort". It's quite handy. "recently closed tabs, auto-restoring the tabs from my last session" Safari 3 has those features as well. Really the only thing Safari lacks is a good extension system. WebKit is a top-notch browser engine. Even after all these supposedly amazing improvements in the Mozilla engine WebKit is still faster. I always cringe reading articles about technology that were clearly written by people who know nothing about it. Can anyone point us to a well-written article about the this "superfast Internet"? According to their site, they already are charging people: How much does Loopt cost? Free until Jan 2008. After that date, new accounts get a 30-day Free Trial and then $2.99 a month. Most of my friends and I don't use Loopt, but only because it's not offered for iPhone or AT&T yet. I think I would if I could. I agree it needs to hit critical mass for it to really take off. I think the iPhone would definitely help with that. By "online" do you mean some sort of 3rd party service that you can unleash on your servers via a web app? That could be a pretty cool service. Of course you would need to prevent it from being hijacked for DDoS purposes (maybe require the admin running the test to upload a file with a key to the root of their web server, to prove it's under their control) I find it ridiculous that they charge for incoming text messages, especially as SMS spam is beginning to be more prevalent. As if spam wasn't annoying enough already I now get charged for it? I predict lots of class action lawsuits if this continues. Interesting side note: it appears they've reserved all Gmail names for application identifiers. It wouldn't let me pick my Gmail name (which is fairly obscure) but appending "1" to the end worked... Once Google App Engine is fully released, you will be able to acquire additional computing resources at market prices, and set your own automatic resource limits. Market prices? What exactly does that mean, will it be determined by supply and demand, via an auction like AdWords perhaps? This is a neat trick, but not very flexible or scalable. Basically each user is given a presigned authorization token that lets them upload certain files to their bucket. Other users only have read access to the index . The clever trick is that the key is used to store the publicly available data like the latitude and longitude. It works out well in his case, but it's not very useful generally. Google account sign-in: let your users sign in to your application using a Google account and password This worries me. It sounds like Google is trying to become the new single sign-on, completely blowing off OpenID, a perfectly good open solution. Microsoft Passport all over again... Oh wow, a stainless-steel MacBook would just be sexy . Looks like Justin.TV and Scribd are battling for first... p.s.: #!/bin/sh while [ 1 -eq 1 ] do curl -d direction=$1 -d key=$2 http://appengine.crunchbase.com/ done Param #1 is either "up" or "down", param #2 is the key obtained from the voting form. At least now we can see how the appengine handles heavy loads Of course Steve Jobs also received hundreds of millions of dollars worth of stock options over the past few years. And a $46 million Gulfstream jet. That said, Steve Jobs has done amazing things with Apple and arguably deserves every penny of his compensation. A mixture of Ubuntu and Mac OS X. Weekend weather outlook in Redmond: sunny skies with a 95% chance of flying chairs. Johnny Lee == the new Jeff Han 1. What's with the rails community's obsession with naming things names related to trains? What's wrong with "mod_rails"? 2. "touch tmp/restart.txt" seems like an odd way to signal a restart of your app... what's the reason behind this? I prefer the OS X method of application "installation"... drag and drop to your applications folder. That way (as long as the app isn't sneaky) I know exactly where everything is location: the main application is in /Applications, the preferences are in ~/Library/Preferences, and various data is in ~/Library/Application Support. My point is really there no need for package management on Mac OS X because most Mac OS X applications don't require 30 dependencies. A package management solution is probably better for server environments, but I don't really think it should be necessary for desktops. I finally made the move from PowerPC Mac to Intel Mac and I'm trying out Parallels Desktop 3, and I must say it's pretty freakin awesome. Coherence mode for Windows is very cool. Basically it lets you run Windows apps alongside you Mac OS X apps. XP + OS X is pretty ugly, but Vista + OS X actually looks ok. Coherence mode doesn't work for Linux, but windowed or fullscreen works well. Here's a screenshot of Mac OS X, Vista, and Ubuntu coexisting peacefully (it's rather cluttered just because I wanted to show all 3): http://tlrobinson.net/misc/parallels.png (480KB) This is an excellent environment for any sort of cross platform work. For example, I regularly need to use PowerPoint on Windows, test on IE in Windows, test in Firefox on Linux and Windows, etc, but I'm most productive developing in OS X. There's a program called AppFresh for OS X that checks all your application's versions against the latest known version. I have used "real" package management, both on Linux and Mac OS X, and for native Mac OS X applications it's largely unnecessary. I rarely run into OS X apps that require I install a bunch of dependencies, and most OS X applications these days check for updates on their own. For those that don't there's AppFresh: http://metaquark.de/appfresh/ However, I do agree the method "fails miserably when what you are installing is not an application." MacPorts and Fink are decent solutions, though I admit they could be much better. printf("%hx", *(unsigned short *)"YC"); ...works on big endian machines. this works everywhere: printf("%hx", htons(*(unsigned short *)"YC")); Wow, there's other people like me? Who don't think I'm crazy for working in the middle of the night? Or "why I think OCaml is great" http://www.newnetworks.com/broadbandscandals.htm In the US, the ISPs were supposed to give us 45Mbps connections by 2006. That never happened. I don't feel too bad for them. More like a bad and/or careless programmer... Tumblr posted a notice. 27 accounts were accessed, 1 was modified (guess who... Julia Allison) http://blog.davidville.com/2008/04/15/security-notice/ Can't you robots.txt'd the "x" URLs?