Honestly, 'deserving of praise' makes no sense to me. There are only behaviours you want to reinforce and behaviours you want to discourage. I think I want to reinforce offering internships (giving the $100 in your example) so I wouldn't differentiate between the two cases and I'd praise them both. This company is stepping up when they are able to. Good. I want more of that. Yes, this will work and is current healthcare professional practice in many places. It will take a few days, though, so people usually line up like 5-6 and then rotate through those. If you can heat the masks that's cool, too, but then you have to make sure you don't damage the elastic or seal. Waiting will work. The introductory chapters of James Gleick's Chaos are about meteorology. When I read it I was blown away by the fact that these mathematical systems had sensitive dependence on initial conditions to such a degree that there was fractal complexity. Very cool! I had this belief that if I get another decimal point in in the observations I would get closer to the truth, but if 1.25 and 1.2 could yield diametrically opposing results that doesn't work. Threw me for a loop, honestly. Classic Related Stories: * Patriot Missile launchers must be rebooted periodically to account for accumulated errors from truncation: http://www-users.math.umn.edu/~arnold//disasters/patriot.htm... * Cruise missiles with memory leaks that do not matter because they'll reach the target before they allocate all memory: https://groups.google.com/forum/message/raw?msg=comp.lang.ad... That's a really cool program that it allows nominating someone from outside the company. Very nice! Congratulations to Daniel Stenberg and good show for Gaspar Chilingarov to nominating him. I was able to donate my masks through a local healthcare worker. They can still use it. The thing to remember is that mask reuse is possible and a damned good idea. Btw, as usual there's more misinformation as to what masks healthcare workers will find useful. People will tell you that you can't share those because they're contaminated - wrong! I already did so in a fully informed manner. People will tell you that you can't reuse - wrong! You absolutely can reuse. Keep eight. Keep them separate. Do not allow contact of anything with the inside. Keep them face up in an isolated area. One every day of the week. In fact, I'm just a random person. Don't trust me. Don't trust the agencies. Follow the actions people are taking that are working. Follow the evidence. I was talking to some folks about the ill-advised CDC and WHO recommendations on masks, the resulting poor handling by the US government, and the rampant cargo-culting by people on Twitter, Reddit, and HN who decided to just signal-amplify the misinformation from US government agencies without critical thought. While we were doing that, I decided to go see what Taiwan's timeline looked like. Pasting here for your sake. New Year's Eve: Rumours of viral pneumonia in Wuhan. All inbound flights from Wuhan subject to inspection Jan 5: All Wuhan travelers exhibiting upper respiratory inspections are now subject to screening Jan 20: First positive test Jan 21: Mask export ban, production ramp-up Jan 31: Taiwanese government forced monopsony on masks (1/3 reserved for healthcare personnel). Announces rationing first week of Feb Feb 2: Taiwanese defence personnel dispatched to bolster staffing at mask factories Feb 6: Mask rationing starts Feb 15: Mask production by end of month projected to be 10 million / day. Taiwanese population: 24 million Mar 9: Mask production 9.2 million / day Mar 16: Production 10 million / day Mar 22: Production 12.6 million / day April 3. Taiwan: Population 24 million. Density: 649 people/sq.km. First case: Jan 20. Cases: 348. Deaths: 5 April 3. Florida: Population 21.5 million. 136.5 people/sq.km. First case: Mar 7. Cases: 10268. Deaths: 170 Did we have to make the choice between the economy and lives? Did we have to choose between grandma and the dollar? Could policy have changed the outcome? You decide. That's not true. There are people who are making a living of trading Bitcoin whose lives will deteriorate. Since Bitcoin only functions when it's hard, cutting the energy consumption means cutting the thing. And attempting to control things like this is a whack-a-mole expedition. If you'd like to account for the carbon externalities, then do so. Tax carbon emissions. Proxy by purchases of fossil fuels if you have to. The reason we don't do that is that most people are rampant polluters. They know it, because when you put the numbers up, we know something interesting: most of those attempting to shame others here are rampant polluters, emitting large multiples of the median human's carbon. The truth is you can't maintain the standard of life you're talking about at the emissions necessary. Shame doesn't work here. Only policy. Tax the carbon if that's what you don't like. Tax the sound if that's what you don't like. Tax the land on its value if you think this is an uneconomical use of the land. But shaming is ineffective. You will walk away with the dopamine rush of outrage, having achieved nothing of note. Oh no, we absolutely should allow for people to change. Few things in the world are Pareto-optimal and we should not restrict change to Pareto-optimal things alone. But the comment I responded to said this: > We could cut the energy consumption of bitcoin to zero and the quality of life of everyone would not change at all. Now I'm not one to normally be pedantic, but if we actually treat this non-literally we're faced with an optimization problem: how much is it worth reducing the quality of life of these people to ensure that energy isn't "wasted"? So either you take the statement as a rhetorical flourish, in which case it is an inadequate response that merely relies on emotive appeals. Or you take the statement as literal, in which case it is obviously true. I guessed at a path but perhaps I should have articulated both sides. As it turns out I guessed wrong and you can see from his response that it was just an optimization problem inadequately specified. I don't think it will be effective. Are you interested in laying a bet with some time-frame? You don't have to be, but I find that it clarifies my priors appropriately. The President is not a generally competent pandemic-response person. His strengths are elsewhere. But the people who have held the jobs that were intended to be experts on this failed and are failing. The rot is institutional because bureaucrats always outlast elected administrations. Naturally, the "useful idiots" that the bureaucracy exploits are an additional problem. I haven't yet determined if they're a minor problem or if they provide the weight of opinion. If you have a thousand people who will say "Masks don't work" if the CDC says "Masks don't work" are the thousand people more dangerous or the CDC more dangerous. Probably the CDC, I think. It's a bit like asking you to define just how many grains of rice there are in a heap. You may be unable to do so and yet know a heap when you see it. Well, we have a bunch of call options at $40 (50% of American shale is viable there, probably more if labour costs drop). Given that, the downside is capped so that reduces the need to stockpile, and hyper-optimize this stuff. Did you apply? I think it would be interesting to hear the story of what it looks like inside if you decide to work with them. Sorry, I was being metaphorical. Shale becomes viable at $40 so the US has practically unlimited oil if prices hit $40. There's no need to hedge against. America has a natural resources hedge. People are asking "Can I bring my comparative advantage to bear?" because obviously the best way I can contribute if I were making half a million dollars is to take $50k of my post tax income and allocate it to boosting the salary offered. I tried reading the other threads but they are not very information-dense. It's mostly people arguing about whether governments are good employers. Would you mind sharing a quick summary if you've synthesized the position? That's the culture. The SV innovation is that startups have gestalt views of things not a "management made it like this so I am unable to operate". The bureaucracy and the machinery that supports it is the government culture. People who don't understand this, often don't understand the natural offshoots that come from it: blameless post-mortems, prioritizing falsification, unlimited paid vacation, etc. These all work because the people participating have the culture. The SV startup culture is a full-spectrum ownership thing. If your executive team isn't aiming at the right direction, you tell them that, and if you lose faith in the future as a result you go elsewhere. The executive team always relinquishes its power over you in order to maximize your effectiveness because that's the only thing that matters. Government culture is different. It optimizes in a different constraint space. There has to be visibly equitable hiring, the needs of political expediency require things like "heads to roll", regression is more dangerous than lack of progression, etc. Because of this, government organizations operate differently. They're not inefficient. They're just optimizing to different constraints and they're incredible at doing so. I would hypothesize that you cannot retain SV startup culture at the government for any appreciable amount of time because of the constraint space - much of which is the result of natural law. The problem is on the demand side, not solely on the supply side. People desire reinforcement not challenge. That is natural. I suspect it is true of us all. Those who are capable direct their potential to be challenged in specific ways, allowing themselves to have biases reinforced in the unimportant places. And they have access to the knowledge in their specific areas. This is the reason for the enduring power of the filter bubble: it is a stable equilibrium because it serves both the purposes of the demand and supply side. You can test this by making high-reliability websites that state honest priors. You'll get an audience but the audience will be pretty specific to your subject matter and not be popular. No information source has had all of the following characteristics: * Broad-based popular support * High information content * Novel information, i.e. information you can't get elsewhere * Sustained presence This may actually be desirable. Novel reliable information is an advantage, but it may not be a present sufficient advantage, and species survival may depend on presently boosting those capable of acquiring and utilizing information advantage. i.e. a time may come when we need to be good at it - if we have more people with this characteristic then, it'll lead to better outcomes. Interesting. This is the opposite of modern design defunctionalization. I think the arguments made for that apply to why this is not a good idea. The advantage of declarative configuration is that it provides a sync barrier to the human and a safe entry-point. I imagine in a pure language without global runtime state you could use this method but in the more mainstream languages it is likely to trip you up. I will refrain. Hmm, looking through archive.org it looks like four years ago it was more The Daily WTF and today it's mostly like memegen. Top of front page (4 years ago): My teacher thinks he's a programmer http://i.imgur.com/32nfQXZ.png Top now: https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/fvhk9l/a_b... This is hecka cool. What a clever concept! I like the idea of piggy-backing on top of a mechanism that is sort of kept in the right state by consensus. Pulled the front page from Apr 5 2016 so folks can compare a few posts: https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4d6vl5/had... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dd6nx/my_... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dcjfc/cod... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dfjag/tel... That is interesting to me to hear. Bloomberg News has the lovely characteristic that a lot of people believe them and they're also generally wrong so you can usually trade on that info. It's the fascinating power of building an enduring brand through one field (the terminals and Bloomberg himself) and parlaying it into another. For instance, the day after the SuperMicro story popped up and I saw that it was Bloomberg that broke the story, I went long SMCI. A month later, the sweet smell of victory and +100% gains sat in my eTrade account. Now there's edge, and I didn't even need 5 ms to the exchange to get it. I was going to say how Amazon might as well be the only guys online but this article is really good and offers real alternatives. Very cool. Yeah. Brain fog. I've traced mine to the following: + Stress on uncertain situations + Lack of sleep + Lack of clarity of 'the next thing to do' I can't solve the first, so I try to handle the latter two with the obvious solutions (sleep more, set next task) but also with other methods. I tried different Mg supplements, Caffeine + L-Theanine, -afinils, and Adderall under these circumstances. Adderall turbo'd my performance back up and past, the -afinils worked if sleep was the problem, and the others didn't help at all. If you are a disciplined person, then maybe occasional Adderall use will help. I have no dependence issues (use is roughly once / 3 months) but if you have discipline problems, then don't do it, tolerance is easy to build and addiction is possible. I am currently attempting CBT strategies. Going to give STOPP a shot. This is why these last few weeks on the market have been wonderful. If you can predict ( including accounting for the supposed irrationality) then you make money. Otherwise you lose money. If you had a prediction of how things would get hit w/ virus, there was so much money to be made. I watched but my timing was a bit off and I did not commit the majority of my wealth. That's a pity and speaks to my true estimate of the danger whereas a friend of mine pulled out completely of all long-term holdings in mid Feb so we know he believed. I think if you use Google Fi, then you can lock down your account pretty well and you'll need your hardware key to change things. You have 29 people in a room. The people are healthy and well. You give them a pill containing a chemical you want to test. They all die seconds after consuming the pill. The autopsy reveals they did not choke. What is the N you choose before you conclude that chemical is toxic in that dose at some p? Is it really so obvious that small N is statistically insignificant? Stat sig is a method to empirically improve knowledge. Well, if it's intuitive that you need high N to get empirical knowledge, let's try an intuitive example. Say you're a tribal chieftain. One of your men (one among thousands) finds a berry bush. Another eats a berry from the bush. He promptly dies. You're a scientific tribe, though, and you know N must be high before you conclude the berries are poisonous. So, one of the other guys eats another berry. He, too, dies immediately. The process repeats until it's you considering the bush. How does the situation change if the number of people before you was 19 vs 21? Indulge me with the scenario. Do you think that pill is safe or unsafe or do you think we need to give one more guy the pill to test? If you think it depends on something, go ahead and say so and I'll constrain the thought experiment. IAmEveryone (user w/ sibling post) is correct in that I'm referring to the fact that effect size affects statistical power. Quick summary to preempt more of the repetitive HN comments caused by not clicking through and then scrolling: * It's an LLC instead of a 501c3 because that allows more flexibility. This is not unprecedented * It's $1B of his wealth in terms of Square stock * There is a spreadsheet to track where it's going https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-eGxq2mMoEGwgSpNVL5j... * The order of operations is COVID-19, then girl's health and education, and UBI * It's 28% of his wealth This is a non-problem. There is no real threat model. It's like how you can cast to my TV if you're in my house. Sure, anyone could attack the party by posting porn on the TV but that's really not going to happen because I'm not going to invite you and put you in the wifi if you're the kind of person who does that. Removed 'instant setup'. It's not in the link. I suspect it's usually accidental but I feel very little rancor towards them. You solve things the way you think about them (until yesterday it wouldn't have ever struck me that a currency symbol could be in the middle of the value). And that's how, I suppose, you end up with a bunch of people with US Visas that say FNU (first name unknown) in front because they only have one name. We have almost all the technology. What we don't have is verifiability in most cases. i.e. the real problem is that the publisher cannot determine that the User Agent is telling the truth. Everyone has a different value on the value of their data. For instance, I find great targeted advertising to be practically like a recommendation engine. Instagram's ads are great! And few of them relate to things I've done on Instagram or Facebook. They're clearly 3rd party. If we can find a way to ensure that the User Agent isn't lying (this may not be easy), then I could trade my data for a discount on the WSJ instead of paying full price and you could pay for the WSJ at full price and share nothing about yourself. I think the truth is that most people will pick the discount, but that's because I would. I think that's a fair exchange and very open and clear. You can opt-in. Is there a Linux alternative that allows me to film portion of the desktop and do neat little arrow annotations live and everything? Thank you. I use SimpleScreenRecorder for this at the moment. You've got to know if the other person can code. Lots of people can talk a mean game and make nothing and few people can spot them. That's the thing, though. If you make a reputation as the kind of guy who can near 100% spot the good engineers, you will make boatloads of money. An employer will pay you more than $30k if you only do great hires. You do 10 of them with your conversation out to lunch and you've made $300k. That's the low-end. But no one can do that and the few with high hit-rates act as executive-search agencies where they make a lot more. But I think I would never interview anyone I've worked with. That just seems like a waste. I already either know that they can or can't do things. You're probably locking out a lot of foreigners that way, but if you find that your top-of-funnel has enough people, this will work really well. Lots of the consultant gigs that people do actually end up with being hired at the company they consulted for. But that's the best part! You can describe the truth and the way you would have liked it to have gone and the employer will self-select themselves out if they're not the kind of culture you desire. It's like they're doing the work for you so you don't end up at a job at a place you don't like! That's a fair point. Perhaps this is what people are talking about the conversations over lunch. I find it hard to believe that someone who wants to work as an IC and knows you would try to do that knowing their skills had dulled. The shame of failing someone who trusted you to deliver would be too much! We found a guy whose Github had solid Rust code and then he walked us through it and it was great how he could explain it. Maybe we were lucky there but he's turned out to also be generally awesome or perhaps that's a good sign. It certainly looks to me like you have the pedigree to be able to select which employers you'd like anyway, so the loss of the whiteboard thing is probably not a big deal to you. We have a take-home and a whiteboarding bit. No tricks to the whiteboarding. Very straightforward brute-force solution that you can improve. Take-home doesn't have code. It's a technical design question that you then discuss with an engineer on an on-site. So far so good. I sometimes attempt to requalify by adding a second step where I try an alternative mechanism of testing, just to see if someone who did poorly on the whiteboard (which is a coderpad-style thing) would do better in a different mechanism. So far very high correlation. Pity, I'm very social so I'd prefer a conversation and walking through code at a higher level. Yeah, but the causative link doesn't work the other way. Sometimes you can add more downside and get no more upside. My prediction? This stimulus package won't destroy the upside. Haha brilliant, thank you for that etymology trace and the Skunked Term phrase! Good stuff. Ah ha, that's fair. But that is just as well a problem with the original assertion. So I suppose I'm happy to listen to the prediction as to which upsides are about to be destroyed and then perhaps pick a position opposite it that's verifiable. A modern laptop will run Bodypix at about 30 fps. There could be additional bottlenecks but the deep (and wide) NNs are usually not super fast, they're just fast for the wondrous things they do. You can usually alter performance (with Bodypix that's an accuracy/speed tradeoff) or do something silly like downscale, run, and upscale the mask. I'd like to try this. You run a Hadoop/Spark cluster on-prem. It's isolated from the rest of the world. If foreign code is executing there, the game is already up. You turn `mitigations=off`. That's a way for you to live your life by and Fossil will work for you. I don't use that axiom, rampantly alter history all the time, and Fossil is not for me. I'm glad that person mentioned it. Oh, this is literally your job. There are different takes on this, and the detail is hard, but the broad strokes are: * Follow your vision for the product - i.e. form a feature-set that combines the greatest compatible combination of requested features and your understanding of what the future of the product post those features will look like * Solve the immediate next problem that will bring you most money fastest. Apply debouncing. i.e. the next blocker to money is feature A in the shape of a customer saying "we're ready to sign if you have A". Rank all amount of money, likelihood of customer actually executing (if you aren't able to sign on to a pilot w/ "we'll have it next week"), and divide by time. Do that. Do not re-evaluate for some duration of time. * Find what you're selling. Sometimes this can be very different from what you're making. And the customer may be asking for a feature because they think that feature in the thing they're being sold will solve the problem they're having. Honestly, no one here can help you with this. I suspect not even a course could help you with this. This you're going to learn by attempting to constraint solve here. Just learn from the pain fast and do what's necessary to keep the trust of your team (primary!) and your customer (secondary because there's more of them than the team). Genuinely puzzling considering the mailing lists are quite civil and actually a generally pleasant seeming place - except for the top posters - may they burn! jkjk :D Anyway, according to Github recent history, the top recent committers are: * https://github.com/nicoddemus (leaving) * https://github.com/blueyed * https://github.com/RonnyPfannschmidt (leaving) * https://github.com/asottile (leaving) * https://github.com/bluetech (elevated last month to core) * https://github.com/thisch (last in mid 2019) Honestly, I didn't realize pytest was such a German product. Fascinating. Punk-o-matic was the first time I encountered the idea of a string-serializable program state and my mind was blown. I think more applications would benefit from being able to turn things into a text state, especially ones with a lot of configuration. Imagine hitting a button and having AWS drop everything it does into a Terraform file or CloudFormation file or something. Or maybe you go through the UI selecting options and at the end you hit "Export to TF" and you get a TF thing selecting the options you had. That would be cool! I've heard that Azure has something like this but I haven't tried it myself. There's no total order of power and authority. I want the US government to not have the power and authority to set up and run a church but I want that power and authority, and I'm pretty sure I want Google to have that power and authority. So yeah, I want Google to be able to say "I don't want to list papers that won't do this for free", yes. I'm pretty sure it's different people in each case. Certainly I don't blame any big tech company for any election. All I want is the Internet as I recall it: free voluntary association. My user agent is powerful enough to ensure this and I'm happy with it. If I wanted to use only directories and webrings I could do so today. I'm fine with that. If I want to use Google I have to use Google terms. That's okay. If I don't, I can easily just not. I don't think it'll last, though. The guys who blame tech companies for elections are the same guys saying they need to be regulated. And so eventually we'll have all these highly-regulated services instead of the thing I've enjoyed. But that's the tyranny of the majority, I suppose. I can find a way to work with it. That's the dream. When governments cannot simply impose their will on me at a whim. The fault isn't that Google can negotiate as an equal. The fault is that I can't negotiate as an equal when I want to marry a man or abort a foetus or drug myself. And I'd rather erode the power of the government than of myself every single time. And I'm pretty sure the French people don't get to decide what I want. Only I get to decide that. Haha, that's exactly right. But what they get is the end of the negotiation that occurs and it won't necessarily be what they want. Comments like that are a bellwether of the place they’re posted in. People will hedge their comments whenever they fear there is a sufficient concentration of “well, actually”s in the audience. If $1 = 100 Homeland units through Bitcoin but only 75 Homeland units through currency conversion. Why don't you move 1000 dollars over and bring back $1333.33 and repeat? If you're going to call people fat, you gotta post physique. Is it, though? Run your states the way you want to. Maybe your comrades in Texas prefer a running economy to lives. This is a good thing that you can make that choice. Web user agents do this the best. You can run code in the console, delete elements, make that persist with an extension. And there you see the best outcomes and the dangers ("This is a browser feature intended for developers. If someone told you to copy and paste something here to enable a Facebook feature or "hack" someone's account, it is a scam and will give them access to your Facebook account."). I think the risks are overstated. Probably not anywhere near surefire. I really like the idea of Pulumi but I haven't really used it. To be honest, I'm not in an environment where I need to do this. A couple of scripts do the trick just as fast when combined with some clicking through. Some things that annoyed me about TF and made me look at Pulumi actually were: - Doing anything with loops in TF is a nightmare, and especially if you have to do things like sharding. We had a sharded KV store that was sort of optimized for our environment at my previous job and the monstrosity that you have with `count.idx` and whatnot is just ugh. - There's a lot of repetition. Often, even with module-use you end up copy-pasting a bunch of code. This doesn't matter. Low quality news sources are a dime a dozen, and the good news costs money. You have to be sophisticated enough to be able to differentiate news sources. For instance, as a WSJ subscriber, I'm not going to read the editorials. They're complete garbage in terms of factual content. The business page is gold. And this is very good. All the freeloaders who block ads and only use low-quality news will get poorer information and they will be out-competed. That's a good thing. Humanity will move forward. So block your ads on your ad-supported sources, grumble about "inequity of information", and exclaim in horror that you can't access good information because of a paywall. This is it. The future is here: ads are disappearing (temporarily, I think) and you're seeing what happens when your desired world comes to be. There's no schadenfreude here. Many of you were just sawing on a branch you sat on, with the natural consequence. The LA Times railed against targeted advertising. Well, they got what they wanted. And now they're subject to the razor's edge that is the market. That sounds like a foolish use of my time when I can simply watch other people do it for me. And I want a greater difference between me and them. I want them to be wrong and for me to be right. This only helps. Other people's predictability is opportunity. This is not an undesirable outcome. It’s the model most practise, except I do so knowingly. I’m Not against information sharing. It’s just that I do so in a parochially altruistic manner. https://www.nature.com/articles/nature04981 Besides we all know everyone will gladly partake in a negative sum game if it means they come out better. I just do that knowingly. That is, if other participants have x and I have y, I will gladly take actions that lead to long-term effects of me having y+delta and them having x-epsilon even if delta A practical example is that I will often share stuff I know better than others but I won’t try too hard to convince them. It’s a collective mirror and what we believe we ‘want’ is less important than our revealed preference. Yes. It would probably make me do so harder because it’s my life’s work and I have only that much time to do it. They’re struggling because you have chosen this regulatory regime. Generics factories are pumping it out right now. You’re overestimating the difficulty of this. But don’t trust me. Go talk to a generics drug manufacturer in India yourself. I haven’t looked at why flour or toilet paper have shortages and don’t know the primary factors there[1]. I’ve done all I that I care to to inform you. 1: It’s probably the bullwhip effect and hysteresis in the supply chain but that’s speculation on my part. As a counterpoint, nearly everyone in my family in medicine still loves it. My parents are surgeons in their sixties who don’t need to work any more. My uncles and aunts are GPs, radiologists, and anesthesiologists. My cousins are GPs, nurses, and anesthesiologists. So that’s a spectrum from 21-65 and almost all of them enjoy their jobs. The things that really bother them are poor administrators etc. They’ll quit jobs over that, but not out of burnout. I think it’s easy for this to be a fulfilling career if you’re the kind of person who doesn’t get early filtered out. Hydroxychloroquine is exportable to the US from India currently. If I had lupus, I assure you I wouldn’t be sitting here worrying about my dose. They’re not all in the US. Spread over the US, Canada, UK, and the UAE. But anecdotally there are more complaints from North American family about paperwork. Obviously I see NA family more, living here now, so that’s not really a surprise. No, it is a beautiful and powerful thing. Everyone claims to not obey it but the force of tribalism is strong. There is no enlightened man above it. All are subject to it. The best use it well. The average deny it. The worst are used well by it. In its simplest form it lifts you up on a dreary Thursday as you get off the train, walk to the stadium gates, and yell a chant that is picked up by others who know nothing of you but that you know the chant and that you wear the colours. Such power in that unity. In its most powerful form it motivates people to form great civil change. You are a civil rights activist, not merely a person who believes in the inherent rights of all people. You are a gay rights activist, or a climate change activist, or a revolutionary. Learning to harness that mindhack of unity was so fulfilling to me. Yell the right words and you have sixty thousand at your back yelling them with you. You feel gigantic, not like a single man, but like a giant ocean swell. And it is such a trick. I do not share that much with the coal miner and the bus driver and the man who bought a flat in Highbury. But we share this. And over this we can talk. And through the talking we come to share more. Something I never thought about with being a submarine officer is that there aren't weekends. I never even thought about that. I could work the hours but not even a Sunday?! I can't do that for the time they do it. Oh, I knew the UK was doomed when triple-lock pensions were made real. I live in America! I think the most common reason large groups of people gather to express emotion is sports. And it is so joyful. And it's a nice substitute for war[0] 0: https://www.orwellfoundation.com/the-orwell-foundation/orwel... It turns out that all those people who write software and run startups do know better than the so-called experts. In tech everyone sounded the alarm way before. The last day I wasn't SiP was the day Google announced Google Next cancellation. And then for the month that followed, all this crap about masks being worthless and now suddenly they aren't. Turns out a valid epistemological basis becomes more valuable rather than less valuable in a crisis. Wait, the latest stats read that there are fewer homeless people in Japan than all of San Francisco (and definitely all of LA). That can't be right. It has to be a definition difference or they're doing something remarkably right. This is really cool! I hope they get the GPU running. I would _love_ to run Ubuntu Touch or something on an iPhone. I wonder how much of the responsiveness of iOS is due to the hardware. Yeah, but when the practice of this is different with it often being up to regulators what actually is allowed and what isn't. The obvious recent example is that GDPR enforcement is (often intentionally) not strictly following the letter of the law. To play with. I think I'd enjoy that. Also, the iPhones are cool hardware! And I've used unlocked bootloader devices before. My threat model allows for that exploit to be performed on me should someone desire it. The utility I gain exceeds the risk = f(likelihood, loss). Or maybe adding the 500 option is the way to communicate your features most effectively. i.e. it presents the top-end of what's possible and accurately showcases where your more expensive option is. When I'm older or sicker, I'll use a thing that works for me when I'm older or sicker. Otherwise it's like turning on the screen reader for everyone because blind people can't operate computers otherwise. Why does US Congress approval rating matter? If I considered my congressperson 100/100 and everyone else 0/100, the House would get an overall rating of around zero. Obviously since I can't elect members of the House of Representatives from other districts, I could totally approve of my congressperson and senator and it still not be my fault for the other guys in power. Well, universality is not necessarily a useful end goal. Lyft is a successful company that doesn't operate even in Canada. A solution that works only in coastal California may well be sufficient. Lots of things come to the Bay Area and Los Angeles before anywhere else. Partly that's because coastal California is an innovation hotbed. Partly because it's a single large rich market. Since one of these that succeeds entirely in the safe parts of California would be an incredible game-changer on its own (door-to-door small-group spikable public transit!), it's still amazingly exciting. And while lots of Americans view many things as unchangeable, that's not the case in many other places. In China, if you were to talk to public planners about how autonomous vehicles will handle detours, they'll just say, "Oh, we'll use transmitters to tell you. We can sign the transmitters so you know they're trustworthy." Everything about the universe is mutable. Yep, no ice road truckers will be autonomous in the next year, and that's okay. Sorry, couldn't think of a good word. Rapid increase in supply to meet demand. Because the units are smaller they are more fluid. Because they are autonomous storage doesn't have to be centralized and they aren't subject to human scheduling constraints. Especially then. It allows you to proportionally weight the price against what's available. All of this is just effective communication. In fact, considering that all we have available is the end result of the operation, I think the "effective communication" hypothesis is much stronger supported than the "tricking" hypothesis. That’s actually what makes it useful. Anyone can exhaustively describe a thing. Only good communicators can select down to their audience, assume things, and then generalize at a level that provides broad meaning. The strength is in being able to select the first eigenvalues. After all, the only real thing is the thing itself. A textual description of the thing is not the thing, Cecil’s lost his pipe. So then it falls to you to describe the thing well. To a man standing in front of ten cars, if you say, “the black one” he knows which one. If you say, “it is a motor vehicle made by Mercedes, noted for their three point logo, that is currently painted black” you have more data but not more information. All the capable people generalize. That is where predictive strength comes from. It certainly was. The features were showcased through comparison and analogy: a common technique to simplify understanding. This technique is frequently used in news (fifteen football fields), in technology (it would take a desktop 1000 years to calculate this), and really anywhere. It’s a damned good technique because it eases understanding. You need to get a small win of some sort. It doesn't matter what. Just aim at the smallest win you can get on the work. If you fail at that, aim for a smaller win. There will be at least a tiny win you can manage. You will feel better. Then double down. It looks like a pretty good strategy is to allow people who believe this to go out and kill themselves. On the other hand, what if they’re right and no ones going to die over this? You could require that they pay into a hazard bond that pays out back to them if they don’t get sick. It's okay for you to not understand and to inadequately comprehend the English language. Minecraft Creative. Lots of people play that without even sharing their works. That would be a nightmare of an experience for the developer community. No way. Absolutely do not want a hundred syntax-incompatible clones in various partial states of development. This is amusing but not a problem. This is truly wonderful news. Elements like these are powerful self-corrective measures of a free society. A free society can be exploited through propaganda, and this one certainly has, for generations. Now we will be immunized, through the presence of rampant pathogens. And we will be immunized through the deaths of those who are gullible and those around them. Is your city very gullible? You'll have lots of deaths. There is no appreciable Reopen movement in San Francisco. This is vigilance. This is strength. The weak will cull themselves. Do not feel this. I have a wireless headset so I'll occasionally mute my mic and do a couple of dumb-bell curls or go get some water while thinking. Feels fine, honestly. I like being present for the social comfort I get from physical proximity to people but the Zoom thing just has that absent, so I don't get that extra bonus but I still don't feel tired. That's the funny thing. All those administrators? Americans. All the funding for them? International students. Masters degrees for international students are a drug that American universities got really hooked on. Now they're going to have withdrawal. You're the one in the wrong place. That's reddiquette etc. Behold, Word of God: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=117171 > pg: I think it's ok to use the up and down arrows to express agreement. Obviously the uparrows aren't only for applauding politeness, so it seems reasonable that the downarrows aren't only for booing rudeness. All the comments in response are clear then that it is a question of degree. At x deaths caused, we stop permitting this. That means the discussion is only moved to determining what that threshold x is. And so the right thing is to move past that to find what the cost-benefit analysis is. I'm just passing time while we're on chat. Sure, I leave video on. Turning video off to do that and then turning it back on would be weird. This is just the nature of the world. There are enough defensible reasons to screw your own team so people will do that anyway. The real reason is that once you've hit some degree of prosperity, loss aversion overtakes gain seeking. Today's America is therefore focused on maintenance of its wealth. You can try anything you like, but it won't work. America cannot build in the real world because it constrains itself out of fear of losing what it has, because it has so much. All these articles and open letters and appeals are just the same as internal company memos at massive corporations exhorting innovation. But IBM can't innovate, no matter how many innovation labs it funds. It just can't. The fire is dead and that's a property of what it's hit: the upper limit of prosperity. The next innovation won't come from IBM and it will rocket past IBM and then hit its own upper limit. Perhaps the only recent big companies that have innovated are Apple and Amazon. Maybe there's something to be learned from their relative approaches. But America as it stands won't build, because it can't build. The excuses will be numerous: "law written in blood", "do we want to end up like X who built but built wrong", "America is big", "America is sparse". But the problem is none of that. The problem is that America won, that America is prosperous and glorious, and so it can no longer countenance any risk of loss. Well considering it's been three months and 40k deaths and you have given us nothing, I'm going to go with the guy who gave me something. Interesting. Lets run a quick comparison between Louisiana and New Zealand. Temperature today: Auckland peaks at 19 C, New Orleans at 25 C Population: NZ 4.8 million, Lousiana 4.7 million Density: NZ 18 / sq. km, Lousiana 34 / sq. km COVID cases (deaths): NZ 1445 (13) , Lousiana 24523 (1328) Fortunately, Taiwan exists and is better than everyone else so we have a high-water mark for competence to compare to. Denser than America, cooler than Lousiana, closer to Wuhan than any part of America, more travel to/from China, poorer than America, better than America at dealing with this crisis. I don't understand why HN users always jump into these things like it's a cage fight. The right way for you to respond is to help us collectively arrive at truth (which your qualitative statement aids mildly in) and leave out all the parts that claim bad faith from your fellow users. Jesus Christ, I even included density which points the opposite way. Now because I don't have a preconceived notion of which direction I want the results to show why NZ is performing better, I can conclude that the result is either: * The factors described are washed out by the other factors * These factors don't have a significant impact * It isn't any of these that determines difference in outcome between NZ and others but action taken No wonder you guys hate social networks like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram if you run around calling everyone insincere at the first sign of the mildest degree of disagreement. I used to use Motion but it asks me to login and shit and then doesn't even bother syncing across browsers. Waste of time. And then it slows down web pages and sticks that annoying little box on the side. My user agent has a place for you, in the toolbar. Stop rendering on top of content and then making scroll slow. Ugh. I'll give this a shot. He's not the guy who is collecting data. He's the guy whose data is being collected. And I agree with him. True choice is not imposing this cost on everyone. Let me set it in my browser. Then I'll consent to practically everything and you can consent to nothing. And since it's set at your user agent you can synchronize that across devices easily. If I never see another damned cookie popup I'd be thrilled. It's $199 (+taxes). > a user should be able to request what data is being collected about them, and should be able to request a full account deletion, including deletion of all data collected from or about them (perhaps minus technical things that are very difficult to purge, like raw web server access logs) I think I'd find it very easy to like this. Honestly, these aspects of GDPR are great. Things I don't like: * Not allowed to do "no service without data" * Consent must be opt-in Bloody exasperating as a user. At least if they'd set it in my user agent. But the browser guys just sit there like fools pontificating on third-party cookies instead of innovating for once and placing the opt-in / opt-out in the browser. My god, this is amazing. They marketed their anti-litter campaign as a state-pride manly-man issue to great success. I love it. Very intelligent hack. This is also a very interesting story about the importance of diversity on a team. While TXDOT wanted to go with "Please Keep Texas Beautiful", this guy knew the kind of guy he had to convince wouldn't listen to that stuff. Brilliant. There's another one (less successful though still successful) which I remember just because it's so catchy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Click_It_or_Ticket . When I had family visiting from elsewhere you could just say "Click It or Ticket" and they'd get it. Sure the real reason I want them to wear the seatbelt isn't because of the ticket, but the slogan combined with the fact that I can outsource the argument to the state is great. Yes, the lab itself. https://app.acuityscheduling.com/schedule.php?owner=19381748 Actually, I've changed my mind. I think people fall into either the advertiser+publisher camp who don't want this in the browser chrome because it will make it too easy to full opt-out and the browser guys don't want it there because they actually just want the advertisers to die out. What I'm asking for is not a stable equilibrium in any way so it's a pointless thought experiment. The limit is where it is because the AMA put it there because they were afraid of the "physician glut" ruining salaries. They're probably responsible for around as many American deaths as many of the world's worst dictators. Pretty clever retcon in their text to make themselves out to be heroes, if your source is the AMA. Vote whichever way you want, I'm absolutely right: * https://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/health/2005-03-02-docto... * https://www.nytimes.com/1986/06/14/us/ama-board-studies-ways... * https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/thanks-to-doctors-there-a... * https://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-1997-03-01-19970600... Pretty sure I'd get an option of "free X more articles if you give us your data to sell". Not getting that is annoying because I was fine with giving away my data for articles. Everyone loves a hero. California just kept things under control. No fires to fight = no heroes. This was an interesting hypothesis. I enjoyed the idea so I wanted to see what probability I should assign the idea that the defiance-effect overrules the compliance-effect. Interestingly, there is one state which does not have a mandatory front seat adult passenger seat-belt law which gives us the ability to test what effect that has. New Hampshire: No adult front-seat passenger seat-belt law. Beltedness: 67.6% Lowest beltedness (any law): Massachusetts (73.7%), secondary enforcement (i.e. if you violated another driving law then you can be cited for the seatbelt thing too) Lowest beltedness (primary enforcement): Mississippi (78.8%) Regardless of the paternalism angle (which I'm sympathetic to because I would like drug use to be permitted, etc.) this would appear as evidence that the defiance-effect is overruled by the compliance-effect. Certainly, it is sufficient enough for me to not look further into the subject. Standard HN disclaimer so we don't get into some Internet war: Not attempting to refute anything you're saying. Just sharing my conclusions. Your priors and your weights to evidence may yield different posteriors. I do not require you to convince me and I am not aiming to convince you. The hypothesis I wanted to test may slightly vary from yours due to my interests being different and to aim for easier falsification. The existence of this disclaimer is not intended to be evidence that I believe you will engage in an Internet argument. I did not choose this path and so far I have not regretted it. Additional responsibility empowered and accelerated me. For the most part, the critical limiter on my growth is what people trusted me to do. The more they trusted me with the better I became, the smarter and more capable I became. That's still happening. I'm pretty sure that if someone gave me the ability to be CEO of Google for a year I would be a vastly more advanced person than I am today. I would take that job unpaid in any respect. I would even gladly take the job of guy-who-is-defacto-CEO-of-Google-but-no-one-knows-it-and-he-is-under-NDA-to-never-reveal. i.e. it isn't the signaling value. It is the responsibility. This is continuous-approximable all the way to a job like a janitor which you'll have to pay me in the ballpark of a million dollars a year to do and I can't see myself doing it for long. So obviously there's some intermediate-value theorem type result where one of the benefits crosses in value over the other. Ideally, I'm operating around that space. I don't believe my 19.04 login manager does that. I do recall that being annoying because my first keystroke would actually just move that up. Now it starts up to the user list by default. It isn't released yet, right? My package manager isn't bumping up. Would you outperform uncompressed TIFF with sufficient copies of a compressed file? Or compressed file plus parity file? Clearly I have been doing completely unsafe things for some twenty years now. This blows my mind. Looking over that subreddit, it doesn't look like a battle for DE domination. It looks like people showing off their creativity. Oh right, I forgot all the cool things I had enabled on Compiz: live zoom, wobbly windows, the burn effect. Transparent windows! Those were great. The cube, of course. The shift switcher. Expose. Thank you. Wow, they removed Python 2.7 huh? Had to clear out some packages to let that go through. Canonical wisdom is to have separate / and /home so you can wipe system easily. I upgraded by grepping for the packages that were breaking resolution and removing them. But I already know the failure mode so that whole thing took a few minutes. I do have separate mounts for that reason though. Yeah but didn't think anyone would have the balls to do it haha. Not really wrong, actually. A friend picked a desk lock for another when they left their charger in there. Doesn't bother me. The purpose of Instagram for me is to look at my social circle's lives. If everything they do makes them less of a generic public social network Tik-Tok / Reddit / Facebook / Twitter style, I'd prefer that actually. Is it really disingenuous at best? Like you think the best case scenario is that this guy is being insincere. I sincerely think this approach of just assuming bad faith is not useful. There is no slippery slope. I'll object to step 4. StackOverflow is CC-BY-SA so I'm not that worried. If they try to change that, I'll kick up a fuss or whatever. It's not like fighting this will help with that. Wholly different audiences. Mate! This is well known! My mum told me this a decade ago https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C5&q=lapt... I'm mad it wasn't well known enough that everyone happens to know it. Also cycling. I felt so cheated when I discovered that the Turbo button was actually a way to slow things down when you turn off turbo. I spent so long as a child "running the computer responsibly so it doesn't overheat"! I also recall the patches people had for things like Jazz Jackrabbit that ran a busy-loop some number of times in hot code because timing was execution-dependent in games like that. Faster CPUs made the game unplayable! There are things which are fake and things which aren't. For instance, if you get cologne, it can be nonsense. This is a game of its own, right? I remember playing it as a child as "out/in" or hands face up / face down. Like as a very little child. No no, I think we buy the branding thing. I'm pretty sure part of the reason I have the car I do is a branding thing, etc. etc. I'm like the #1 brand sucker on the planet. But that's at the "these guys are outdoorsy", "you're sophisticated", "you're cool" level not at the "this represents classic American values vs. this is the new generation" thing. That sounds like nonsense to me. Just clarifying that it isn't whether branding works but the shape of the working. Like, I admit being easily influenced by them, just not in that direction. Like Red Bull is cool action sports, right? But I've never had a Red Bull when I've gone skiing. Not saying branding doesn't directly modify my associations, just that the way isn't what yodon said. Glacier hasn't really seemed like it's worth it for me and looking over this calculator it's almost as expensive as Standard mode? Why would I use it over Standard, let alone Intelligent Tiering - Infrequent Access. Fascinating. Another example of the HN community's "Assume Bad Faith" in action. If I had to come up with a list of values for this community based on popular comments, I think it's a photo finish for the top between: * Assume Bad Faith * Be Pessimistic I think I encountered 5¼" floppies only near the beginning of my computing life so I only had a couple at the school lab but this is the first I've heard of flippy disks. What a clever name! If most PC drives couldn't read these, which manufacturer drives did people use? There literally is no slippery slope because the CC-BY-SA stalls any slipping. You literally cannot lock away that content, and that license aligns StackOverflow's incentives with mine. The structure of the Internet precludes universal locking away. I am confident in my ability and that of my fellow engineers to always have alternatives. One addition: You can't just divide by 2 and expect that to be equivalent to shifting right by 1. That only works if the integer is unsigned. For signed integers, that won't yield the right result. This is trivial to verify. How come the division is almost the same as the shifting? Is the CPU pipelining the operations between iterations of the loop or something? There is a direct data-dependency in those operations but not between iterations so perhaps that's it? AFAIK there's no fused add-shift op that could be used. As someone reading through this thread, I have some feedback for you. This is partly to test the commonly held view that feedback is desired instead of blindly voting and partly to help you. I piped it through `base64` so that you can ignore it if you don't feel like it: WW91ciBjb21tZW50cyByZWFkIGxpa2UganVzdCBvdXRyYWdlLiBUaGlzIGlzIG9mIGxvdyBpbmZv cm1hdGlvbiB2YWx1ZSB0byBtZS4gVGhpcyBpcyB3aHkgSSB3aWxsIGRvd24tdm90ZSB5b3VyIGNv bW1lbnRzIGluIGZ1dHVyZS4K I learnt it from someone I know[0] 0: https://lobste.rs/s/lhijk2/horrifically_dystopian_world_soft... What language runtimes support simple data parallelism for `map`/`filter` with low syntax cost? Java lambdas do have instantiation cost but I'd wager that for the majority of my code low-cost data parallelism beats that. Also, a lot of the theory here is that the JIT could kill off the instantiation and convert to just calls. Why doesn't it do that? Rust, perhaps? That's a fair point. Acting in good faith I had not considered abuse of the technique. I've often wondered what a forum would look like where you could make the equivalent of 'aside' comments. The way someone might, while you're speaking, say softly "hyPERbolee, not HYper-bowl" to correct you without interrupting. Perhaps a good example is StackOverflow's Q&A format w/ comments and chats. You can comment and move to chats but the emphasis is on the important part: the question and the answers. Allowing voting on these "asides" in StackOverflow permits all of the usual stuff while relegating them to the asides they are. Of course, in the case of what I used it for, it is generally impolite to offer advice unasked but the nature of slow feedback loops means it's better for me to offer an ignorable piece of thing. i.e. if you think I'm an idiot, I want you to have the power to ignore me. That is only polite to compensate for the brain-hacking strength of having text describe you. You can't ignore it afterwards. So if I `List.of(1,2,3,4,5,6,7).stream().parallel().map(x => x * 2)` or the equivalent, that will inline a left-shift the same way it does it here? That's pretty cool. Test positive. Wait 14 days. Now you're positive clean. I'm sympathetic to raising speed limits like any good Californian. But there's an asymmetry in the positions, in that more reaction time is universally better than less reaction time. No, because they were right and the epidemiologists and medical people were wrong. Everyone kept telling us not to use masks except the tech people. There were all these lies: * Doesn't work * Too hard to train * Shortages will happen Literally all were wrong and they either knew it and misinformed everyone or didn't know it. So you can either drop the assumption of benevolence or competence. The only guys who didn't listen to them, Taiwan, are doing fine despite every other risk factor being huge for them. It turns out some skills translate across domains. I'm not going to get a software engineer to perform a total knee replacement on me, but I think I'll listen to them on the crisis management: turns out they're better at it than the crisis managers. Yeah, I considered PMs but they're really not the same because the point is that everyone benefits with low attention contribution. The whisper mode is totally what I was thinking of. You're supposed to wipe your butt with these and then wash the dirty cloth? Why on Earth would I do that? Am I supposed to be saving money with this or something? You don't need yeast. You can bake things with flour and baking powder. In fact, with bananas, flour, baking powder, cinnamon, sugar, and butter you can have banana bread that's just fine. Baking is not some arcane skill. It's literally just instruction following. First time I baked it sucked. Second time it was great. The separation between the two was hours not weeks or months. Listen, I don't want to over-generalize but I've seen this on the Internet about the most mundane of skills: cooking, baking, doing your taxes. They're all just instruction-following. Sure the upper limit on the skill level is high but basic competence to get a usable product on all of them is like at the level a twelve-year-old could do it if they had the motor skills. Oh paper towels! Not toilet paper. Oops, my mistake! I guess I had that on my mind. Yeah, I've actually owned some of those wash and use paper towels. They're pretty decent. In 1925, Jewish students at Harvard made up 28% of all attendees. President Lawrence Lowell brought into existence policies to judge individuals on character after failing to limit the number of Jewish attendees to his school. Once these policies were put into action, Jewish attendance at his school declined, eventually dropping below the 15% limit he was originally seeking to put it into existence. It wasn't that the Jewish people were being discriminated against. They were just not as well-rounded, lacking in character and that savoir faire that came so easily to anyone who was not Jewish. It may have been genetic or cultural. I guess we'll never know. Hard to tell why they just couldn't pull it off. Census 2020 actually has Asian Indian as a distinct race choice but you're right for the past. What is this linguistics professor's name? Oh, I thought it was part of his public story. Never mind. I'm happy to let it lie. I'll look it up myself. It probably lost some details in the telling because I can't see how Harvard can send someone to Vietnam. They have the California Republic - fair, unbiased, prosperous. California isn't the massive powerhouse it is (a bigger economy than half of American states combined) by accident. The free society has a competitive advantage. And obviously it's hard to set up a university these days, and no one is going to set up a single race university. I doubt anyone actually wants an Asian-only university, just for there to be sufficient race-blind ones. Allow me to ensure I understand your position. Overall, you believe that lower speed limits will result in more accidents? I am certainly on the side of raising speed limits to 100 mph where possible. Or providing turbo lanes for "Class C+" drivers or something. But that's because I think I'm willing to make the trade-off in lives. Your opinion is more that we're making not a trade-off but costing ourselves both lives and speed? Sure, sure, but you can just freeze applesauce or the bananas. It'll last ages. It'll definitely outlast any temporary supply chain stall. Cinnamon lasts forever too, and it's very compact powdered. I have like half a kilogram and I don't even bake that often. Truly thing you can make quick breads pretty easily and without any work at all and the goods for it will last ages. Even flour. Actually, the modern freezer will keep you safe and secure for ages. All you need is electricity and you can outlast any temporary supply chain stall with this stuff. People buying flour are perfectly fine. It's okay to be annoyed that people are making it hard to practise your hobby. Just sounds silly when folks try to make it out to be some irrational thing that other people are trying things. Sure, but you work within the constraints you have. What we really need is a cure for all cancers but that doesn't exist just like no universal method for constant active driving exists. Given that, it's a pointless thing to bring up. "Just have everyone be better at things" isn't a helpful alternative. > And is someone going to verify I waited 14 days? Sure, good idea. > Also, why should I have to if I already am clean? Oh, you don't have to. You can just stay at home like now. I'm talking about from the view of public health administration. There is no intervention available to us that will ensure a change in behaviour economically. We do have available to us the speed limit. That can't be it because he took out a mortgage on his house! Fair enough. The Commandant's rationale makes sense. One nation, united. Since you asked: I'm downvoting because your statement is not of use to me and it gets in the way of things that are of use. Clear your medium cookies. It's a "lots of visits" thing. The purpose of this grant was to run follow-up studies and to work on productionizing the intervention. The purpose of follow-up studies is to detect if result extends. The follow-up work detected result was due to experiment setup error. Grant worked. Actually, encountering this I think I suddenly understand why people get upset about Kickstarter projects not delivering. It is a misunderstanding of a probabilistic situation. American cities are not capable of running good public transit because they mostly use it as a combination of a jobs program and a poor-people access program. I was car-free for seven years in San Francisco (supposedly one of the relatively high performers) but my standard of living jumped significantly after I bought my car. Overall, I think I might even come out ahead. I don't think I'm going to take public transit in San Francisco ever again. They are missing: * Speed - BART is relatively fast, all Muni is very slow * Frequency - BART is low frequency, Muni is also low frequency * Coverage - BART coverage in SF is limited, Muni coverage is reasonably extensive * Reliability - BART unannounced delays and breakdowns were a frequent occurrence. Unlike Tube delays (which were also frequent) I could not route alternatively because there is only one BART tube in SF. Muni does not have arrival times. * Usability - You cannot tell before you pass the turnstiles at a BART station whether the lines are delayed or when they will arrive. One exception I know if is Montgomery St. Station but that's the only one. This is just an optimization problem with where you place the incentives. The follow-up study funding is not exclusively for false null hypothesis rejection due to chance. It's also to allow for some amount of error in experimental design or practice. No one wants 0% experimental design / practice error because that will harm total experiments done per unit time which is also a thing we want to go up. No one wants only certain results because we want novel results / unit time to go up too. It's just multivariate non-linear optimization. Yes, someone whose conclusion was not due to error in programming may have gone without a grant. That's perfectly all right. We optimize policy in the aggregate. You can make an argument that says that we're not correctly placed on the manifold but no single situation will be convincing for that and you'll need to make some case that a policy change to move to some other point in this space will yield a positive total improvement. You should see the too-dangerous-to-release AI model my team built. It actually governs nations in a manner indistinguishable from a human. There are nations currently under its thrall that you wouldn't even imagine. The world leaders of these nations merely speak what speeches it writes for them. If you let losers in, eventually you'll only have losers. That's because losers drive out non-losers. To be clear, NY handled everything poorly. Taipei has a metro. It's fine. New Orleans has no metro. It's fucked. Well, Taipei is the real secret. That's the one we need to see because if metros are a ticking time bomb for disease then they should be dying any second now. Hahaha, I thought it was going to be something fancy but it's freaking Kvikk Lunsj. If you don't know what that is, it's Scandinavian Kit Kat. That makes this even better. As a prescriptivist, surely you do not wish to assign "begging the question" that meaning then since it's wholly from a mistranslation from Latin https://languagelog.ldc.upenn.edu/nll/?p=2290 That information is also present in the Wikipedia link. Oh I wouldn't sweat it. That's just British for "not vital for survival". Haha, no, it's not a pejorative. It's literally one of two schools of thought: descriptivism vs. prescriptivism. What you're describing is prescriptivism. That's actually why I prefer the Deus Ex series. I'm partly going in to see a story told to me. I'm going to play the game once and I want that one time to feel very interesting and not get that feeling of missing out on things because of choices. I don't really think it's that hard as a new user. I've been here 25 days and I just got downvote powers, which is cool. I imagine I'll get vouch powers at this rate next month but I haven't found anyone I want to vouch anyway so it doesn't seem that bad. As far as I know there's no shortage of bananas. My local Safeway has loads. Just got some yesterday. You've been paying a man to warn you if there are tigers on the main street. Every day for the last 10 years he's been telling you there are no tigers on the main street and you've taken the main street or he's told you there are tigers there and you've taken the side street. Today he said that there was a tiger on the main street but you took it anyway and didn't see the tiger. Has his trustworthiness collapsed or was he always scamming you? Oh haha, this has to be that Zoom feature where you save meeting transcripts and where host anyone transcripts are available to anyone who can view transcripts. Always found it weird that that was an automatic setting instead of a manual one. I get the use-case but defaulting to it is probably confusing. Either FatShamer1 or FatShamer2 must have been the host and victim must have been a person with access to transcripts (which is every participant in case of the default Zoom cloud settings?). If neither FS1 nor FS2 were host then this wouldn't have happened. Google has lots of first party traffic. That's their big strength. Same with Facebook. That's why between the two of them they eat 2/3rds of every new ad dollar. Everyone who has dealt with them knows Germany's enforcers are pretty strict. They're probably targeting the guys who are dangerous to people, with the really dangerous stuff: personally identifiable information. Unlike HN, the real world regulators don't just flip a shit because you included 3 octets of an IP address somewhere. They're spending all their time going after the guys who have names and phone numbers and emails. Honestly, GDPR is fine. I love the power of interoperability it's given me. That part is wonderful. But if what you're saying is so obvious, then GDPR experts should be very cheap. But they aren't. If you're so good at it that it's easy, why don't you just go make your million dollars as a consultant in the next couple of years? That's just colloquial terminology. GDPR terminology is "personal data" concerning or referring to the "data subject". That stalls the ownership question. And yes, when "personal data" regarding an EU "data subject" is stored on someone else's hard drive, that "data subject" has certain rights in the EU. These are colloquially interpreted as "you have rights to your data". Naturally, your address is not generally copyrightable (another notion of ownership of data) but it can be "personal data" that relates to you. Were they not for children or did we decide later that children should read bowdlerized forms? After all, I read Arabian Nights uncensored with people cavorting[0] with courtesans and that one with the false sexual assault but with bad defence arguments when I couldn't have been even a teenager. Also all the Russian stories published translated to English by Pravda involved a lot of violence and head cutting and men trying to sleep with daughters and whatnot. Turned out all right. 0: Pretty sure that's where I learned the word 'cavorting'. The portrait modes on these are getting really good. The blur is pretty convincing looking. The only open-source software I know that does similar stuff is body-pix which does matting, but I don't think it generates a smooth depth map like this thing. It would be cool because then you can do a clever background blur for your Zoom backgrounds with v4l2-loopback webcam. By the way, I decided to also quick summarize the usual HN threads that have the trigger word iPhone in it: - No headphone jack --- Actually this is good because ecosystem built for it ----- Don't think ecosystem is good. Audio drops out ------- Doesn't happen to me. Maybe bad device. ----- Don't want to be locked in. Want to use own device. ------- That's not Apple philosophy. Don't know why surprised. --------- I have right to my device ----------- cf. Right to Repair laws ------- Can use own device with dongle. --------- Don't want dongle. Have to get dongle for everything. Annoying. ----------- Only need one dongle. ------------- If only audio, but now can't charge. ----------- Use dongle purse. --- Apple quality have drop continuous. Last good Macbook was 2012. ----- Yes. Keyboard is useless now. Have fail. Recalled. ------- I have no problem with keyboard. --------- Lucky. ------- Also touchpad have fail. Think because Foxconn. ------- Yes. Butterfly? More like butterfly effect. Press key, hurricane form on screen. ----- Yes. Yes. All Tim Cook. Bean Counter. ----- Yes. Many root security violation these days. ------- All programmers who make security violate must be fired. --------- Need union so not fired if manager make security violation. ----------- Don't understand why no union. ------------- Because Apple and Google have collude to not poach. See case. ------- Yes. Security violation is evidence of lack of certification in industry. --------- Also UIKit no longer correctly propagate event. --- Phone too big anyway. No one make any small phone anymore. ----- See here, small phone. ------- Too old. Want new small phone. Had iPhone 8. Pinnacle of small beauty. ------- That's Android. No support more than 2 months. --------- Actually, support 4 months. ----------- Doesn't matter. iPhone support 24 centuries and still going. Queen have original. --------- Yes, and battery on Android small. --- Will buy this phone anyway. Support small phone. ----- No. This phone is also big. No one care about small hand. ------- Realistically, phone with no SSH shell dumb. I use N900 on Maemo. --- Who care? This press release. Just advertisement. ----- Can dang remove clickbait. What is one-eye anyway? Meaningless. Phone no have eye. --- Also, phone not available in Bielefeld. --- Phone only have 128 GB? Not enough. Need 129 GB. ----- 64 GB enough for everyone. ------- "640 KB enough for everyone" - Bill Fence, 1923 The portrait mode feature is present. See this for example: https://imgur.com/a/xyMH4Io but it uses the tech they describe from iPhone XR, i.e. the slight difference in the angle that it hits two parts of the sensor is used as an input to detect depth https://ai.googleblog.com/2018/11/learning-to-predict-depth-... HN forum software is inadequate to represent initial spacing. I replaced it with more hyphens. It wasn't intentional as you can tell from the first 'simulated post' which has no code formatting. No, the Pixel 2 and iPhone XR do the same thing. They use DPAF. In the post, you'll see that the XR's depth map actually smoothly follows the ground into the background. The Pixel 2 will do that too and it will work for inanimate objects as well. No, that device does it using the thing called DPAF https://ai.googleblog.com/2017/10/portrait-mode-on-pixel-2-a... The iPhone XR technique described in the link does that too. And it'll usually be better (than the monocular thing). Completely forgot about the front camera. Thank you. Yeah, it was a classic characteristic of the G84 series of GPUs from Nvidia (8400M GS in the XPS M1330 I owned was one). The Ball-Grid Array solder would crack in a heat/cold cycle and so you'd effectively get an open circuit. By baking it, the solder would reflow and close the circuit again. Haha, I know that Sourcehut is open-source and you derive revenue from the fact that people prefer to use it as a SaaS product, but it is amusing that the SaaS-ness of it means that your statement only applies to the front-end portion. It's the classic problem. I think when I am much older I will commit a lot of crime to benefit my great grandchildren. Time will ease their culpability and they can use arguments like the above. I'll release them on The Pirate Bay as CC-BY-SA. Don't worry. The guys who can cover California with AVs will already become extremely wealthy. Maybe the north gets them ten years later, twenty years later, a hundred years later. The economic benefits to local public transit in California alone would be huge. Add in commercial intra-state trucking and you've got a nutty advantage already. Maybe it'll turbo up California's massive economy even more. This is a fantastic feature. It isn't so much for the company to prevent it but a way for the guy being pressured to share the recording to say "I'm sorry, I can't. They embed details in it that if they were leaked would ruin me." i.e. technology that allows you to say no to things is great. The most extreme example is a secret that if I shared with you, I'd die painfully. You can't threaten me with death or torture because that's what's going to happen to me if I share it with you. Right, right, I know. It's just the style of what you said was amusing, not your actual practice, which is consistent. Yeah, but assuming no right-of-way will lead to not having a life of any sort. I can't even imagine living life this way. Can you imagine that? A Tesla is stopped at a red light just before a pedestrian crossing. The Tesla can go from 0-30 mph before I can cross its width at walking pace. The walk light is on. I have the right-of-way. But considering the Tesla could go from 0-30 mph in the time I could pass it, your suggested course of action is to just wait until a slower-to-accelerate car stops at the intersection? I'm pretty sure Android puts these in the soft notifications area with the right settings. With smart lights and the assistant, I actually do this as "Hey Google, lights to red". The community solved this generations ago with one phrase: "Talk is cheap. Show me the code." I guess now that we know it's more than just the program, the startup adage equivalent is "Talk is cheap. Show me the product." All right, describe your behaviour under these (very common, in San Francisco) circumstances: A Tesla is stopped at a red light just before a pedestrian crossing. The Tesla can go from 0-30 mph before you can cross its width at walking pace. The walk light is on. You have the right-of-way. To detect the boundaries of your rules to determine whether they can be implemented reasonably by an arbitrary individual and to illustrate that there are limits where your own stated rules would fail and you likely violate them. So far I have determined from your rules that you should never step in front of an electric vehicle under any condition. The driver could look right at you and accidentally step on the pedal. After all, situational awareness doesn't bring people back to life. Haha, right, that is the natural syllogism that one would arrive at. The missing pieces of the picture are the prior probabilities of accidental leaking vs. coerced leaking and the value of the individual. For a spy in danger of being exposed, yes, technology which guaranteed violent death on exposure would be fantastically desirable. I won't condescend to you by walking through the entire thing, but I think you can tell I'm not an extremist and have left out all the bits about the ROI etc. Interesting. So if you are driving on a road and come across an intersection that you don't have a stop sign for but the cross roads do , you treat the intersection as an all-way stop? In all my decades of driving I have never seen anyone drive that way. I think I'd believe it with dashcam evidence only. Lots of average people tell us what "truly smart people" are like. No one actually knows. When do your shorts expire? No, it's fine. The whole thing is opt-in, my dude. That's enough to okay it. I can get riled up for compulsory location tracing but: A. No one is going to use this opt-in shite B. I don't care if I can just not care QALYs, surely? :) Dying early would boost DALY count. This is a classical joke among new students to Mathematics to break the habit of the English language description being translated to the Mathematical problem statement. It goes in a question and answer format something like: "You knew a girl in high-school. In situation A, you find out years later that she is a stage actor and a dancer. In situation B, you find out years later that she is a stage actor. Compare how likely the second one is to the first one" In plain English there's an implied meaning of "she is a stage actor and not a dancer" in situation B. But that is not the statement. Situation B is as likely or more than Situation A but not if you use the English language description which suddenly is under-specified without real-world information. Obviously you pick the things to play to the priors of the person you're asking so that if they think actors frequently dance you put that in there. That leads them down the false rabbit hole of whether it's "stage actor and dancer" vs. "stage actor and not dancer" that you're comparing. I appreciate the intention behind these things. However, I do not feel like this method is better than to just use the English language, if everyone is fluent in it. For instance, `praise: nice test` sounds a little weirdly robotic in the way that if you were to walk up to someone and say "I am now going to give you a compliment. You are wearing a nice dress." I think it's quite clear. These threads mostly involve people acting like they're better drivers than they are and claiming behaviour they do not practise. Then they'll come here and act a bit sanctimonious "Why didn't the X just do Y? I always do Y". It's just the Wobegon Effect in action. I don't read it charitably because of the sanctimony involved in not reading an accident situation with the Understanding Human Error strategy, thereby leading to a bunch of low-quality comments about how people should just be better, involving poor understanding of public health and traffic engineering principles. It's true, I probably shouldn't engage when the nth accident analysis by a HNer is "Why didn't the pilot just not crash into the mountain? When I see a mountain I just avoid crashing into it". No one is likely to get anything from that. There is no argument since there is nothing to argue with. It's a nonsense prediction with little real analysis and is simply the product of the emotional desires of the writer. One might as well read the Sunday horoscope. Well, presumably you can work while resting. Honestly, I haven't found that to be too hard (I take a mid-day bike ride up the hill here in SF). No, it's just that, but below some threshold of friction because of comprehensive integrations and simple UI. Think Zapier, in which you can build something that has real value in under 5 mins. It's a useful category for the people who use these (like me). I can't tell from the front page but this appears to be a Business Intelligence tool? Perhaps it works often because it coincides with the Secretary Problem often enough. Maybe running the Secretary Problem approach with a quick upper bound of how many you're willing to consider will work. I'm going to explicitly try that and see. I have both an Android phone and an iPad. Google's autocorrect is far superior. The comparison isn't even close. Handles a lot of these cases: * Accidental last row instead of space - handled * Easy undo - first backspace hit returns to explicitly typed out text then next one backspaces * Whole word flashes on autocorrect * Current candidate for autocorrect is centered on screen above keyboard * Valid word won't autocorrect (can't actually test this since both devices are probably fully trained on what I type) Boeing is under defacto state control. National security is not a problem. Hang on, I'm about to make HN culpable. Let's see what they do. According to ABC, George Defteros was charged with the murder of Carl Williams and other underworld figures. Not to step into your discussion with the other guy but examples are so numerous that I know of three more off the top of my head. The Most Expensive Mile of Subway Track on Earth , Mohammed Nuru's Penthouse , Leland Yee and Shrimp Boy . Oh dear, now you're part of it as well. They don't know who I am so the buck is going to stop here. Universities have to do all this proxying for a good education because they are unable to demonstrate the primary value: making you valuable to society. If they did, they could simply publish "Median income distribution for graduating students by degree achieved". They currently sell a common lie: that there is a roundedness or completeness to education. This is common wisdom and false. What would you require in order to move from your position? Through kube and terraform? Are there other major tools? This is wonderful. I checked your profile and couldn't tell where you go. Would you mind sharing? Ah, that would be a pretty hard task for me to compile. Thank you for being explicit about your standard of evidence! Thanks, brother. Great comparisons. I'm not familiar with these, so would you mind spelling out why you think those worked? Especially when Dianne Feinstein's husband owned large portions of Tutor Perini. TPC were the guys who tried to pass off the low-quality steel rails they installed as equivalent to what was requested in the Central Subway. My personal hypothesis is that Americans get very defensive about this because there's a cultural resistance to being the guy who got fooled, so many of us will invent reasons that fall down really fast like "SF is an old city with lots of underground things." or "SF is in an earthquake zone" or (my new favourite) "Liquefaction", etc. etc. ISOC is an unacceptable steward. Time to take .org away from them. https://www.internetsociety.org/board-of-trustees/ Andrew Sullivan is the guy you want, though. He's the one pushing this deal. We'll deal with that later. Right now, ISOC needs weakening. We need to shift .org over to https://www.ccor.org/ That’s why it needs to be the CCOR. It’s a cooperative which is perfect. Because senators don't want to look into your bedroom and it's obvious. We all know this. A story most people remark with gladness on is that Al Capone was sentenced to 11 years in jail for tax evasion over $215k. AFAIK, there is no minimum amount above which you're eligible for the 5 years. In addition, most states have a sales tax evasion penalty (California can put you in jail for a year). Now, many Americans commit sales tax evasion all the time fairly purposefully when they buy online. People love the fact that Al Capone was put away, but they don't want to be put away for their miserable $200 unreported either. They give the government the overarching power and then trust it to use it right. That's what the Senators in your Bedroom argument misses. Everyone knows the senators don't want to look in your bedroom. Everyone knows that the senators want to look in the terrorists' bedroom. The only worry is that some rogue senator will look in your bedroom knowing you're innocent but Americans trust in the rule of law and believe that won't happen. The Senators are on your side. They're the good guys. The Child Pornographers are on the other side. They're the bad guys. Now, I support E2E encryption. But it's obvious to me why this argument won't convince anyone. The real argument is more subtle and involves the erosion of civil liberties and the deleterious effect that will have on the American Republic. I think enough Americans generally understand this that they will protect it. Sympathetic to the focus argument, but the cheapness thing? Are dealers negative overhead in some way right now? The difference is that the dollar value of time in America is higher. So while an Indian may haggle over a bag of lemons because the rupee value of the lemons vs. time is what it is, the American won't. You'll often see this when selling used stuff in America. Poor people will haggle to the end of time because every dollar matters to them - something that manifests in selling something at a higher price being more risk-free than selling something at a lower price. For the same reason, if anything goes wrong with the used product they will be upset with you. Because every dollar counts to them. I throw away cheap stuff instead of Craigslisting it because of the danger of it only being worth buying to poor people. By the way, Americans prefer calling it 'negotiating'. You 'negotiate' a lower price, you don't haggle things down to a lower price. Because the step past that of using the tax to redistribute is politically infeasible. It's like "Why not get rid of tipping and just give waiters a tax benefit?". Well, turns out we can't do the second piece so that's why we don't do the first piece. Usually when you do things like this, you package it in a defensible way. So maybe you decide you want some redistribution, but that's politically infeasible. Instead you package it as something else. Another example is most big infrastructure projects in California. You'll notice that most don't finish in time. The real reason is to ensure that there is sustainable construction work going on. They're capable of finishing fast but no one wants that. They just want a large number of people employed. The Trojan Horse is "we're building infrastructure" because otherwise you have to fight the anti-redistribution anti-subsidy people. That's because when a concession is made to people they rarely will fight to make it perfect in the name of perfect is the enemy of good enough. Anti-cronyists don't expend political effort because they don't have upper-level political support. It's not a thing anyone needs to worry about. Only people who want to get something concrete and people in danger of losing something concrete expend political effort. They already are. We applied for and got PPP. I believe GP's point is that this is coincidental broad dip, not TSLA dip though of course the downside with rhetorical questions like that is that you have to guesss at meaning. Oh boy, that's rough. So that's a cut to 1/3rd of the total comp you would have made otherwise. Well, almost a decade ago when I interned in San Francisco I made less than 4000 dollars a month and stayed in a shared room with other kids. Haha, good times. Hard to remember those days. I bet with the hours I put in, I was actually close to SF's minimum wage. I think it's the duration cut that's really rough. I would have taken a shot at proving myself for rent+food alone. > So do the same thing with the good solution. Make it a UBI but call it a negative income tax and tell everybody you're giving them a huge tax cut (which for the majority of people you actually are). I think this might well be doable. I'm definitely on board with smooth social security over square-wave social security (what we have now). > But that's the same thing. Instead of purposely delaying the construction, just finish it on time and then go back and say "look how inexpensive we can build things now, let's build all the things" and get a hundred more construction projects. I'd say the origination costs angle kills this. There is high pressure to keep the tender process high-bureaucracy from all sides, so you can scale single projects into many dollars but you can't start many projects. Oh that's even more painful. Damn, that's unfortunate for the kids going in now. * Lambda syntax took years after it was mainstream. * I don't think Java still has string interpolation. * List, Map literals are not a thing Java has either. * Value types aren't in yet. * If as expressions. You have to use ternary. These aren't complaints. I know what I'm getting with Java. No hate. If you have a branch which always builds and tests green, you can add a new test, choose a red commit and a green commit and run `git bisect` in a loop to automatically get to the commit that caused the behaviour in that test to regress. Well, there are many complexities. People here are talking about the Programming Complexity (of which one measure is Cyclomatic Complexity) of a textual program vs. the Time/Space complexity of the same program. There is the weakly-related concept of the Kolmogorov complexity of a string. It's obvious that the time/space complexity of a program can stay fixed while you arbitrarily raise the programming complexity of a program by arbitrarily raising the number of branches that are rarely taken, an action that won't affect the asymptotic time complexity of a thing. And sure, you can talk about the Kolmogorov complexity of a string of computer code, but the minimal string representation of that code is unlikely to be one that a programmer would describe as simple. Even minimizing the string that would behave as that of the original program is usually non-desirable. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_complexity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computational_complexity_theor... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kolmogorov_complexity Sure, a step to setting foot on to the moon is to build a moon rocket, but it turns out the hard part is building the moon rocket. Methods exist today to incentivize speed and performance. It's not the lack of methods. What we don't have is a method to put the methods into practice. We know the methods exist because we've used some of them before: https://www.tradelineinc.com/reports/2007-10/unprecedented-t... What we don't have is a political method to ensure the per-project technical incentives are correct. Nothing's wrong with that or with `String.format`. I just find it less ergonomic. Like I said, no complaints anywhere. You can just as well use `ExecutorService`s instead of async/await and all that. Should it? Like everything else, there are: * Information Asymmetries: I don't know anything about you or any other org working to combat this so I'm not comfortable spending money on you. * Coordination Problems: Where do we act, on what scale, etc. * Value Assignation Problems: How do I benefit from this for the effort I need to put in? * Risk Problems: What is the chance of success solving a problem of this scale? Essentially, I'm only seeking to explain. Personally, I have no problem with the system existing as it does. I would prefer other systems out of an inner desire for elegance. But I'm pretty proficient in acting within these to my own benefit so I won't tear it down. Perhaps part of the problem is getting folks like me to care to change this. I'm happy to cheer you on, though. Good luck! I'm confused by your response to ninjapenguin[0]. Were you agreeing with him or disagreeing or something else? I interpreted your response to be disagreement. I feel that your original style of phrasing "If only x etc. etc." is not easy to understand. I'm having a hard time placing your subsequent comments in context of that original response. 0: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23042891 I think one is expected to understand the context oneself or else the first time one's spouse says "There aren't any eggs" one may receive a terrific fright at the thought of the impending doom of all sexual reproduction on the planet. These are great. Steam Linux's universal rm is too. https://github.com/valvesoftware/steam-for-linux/issues/3671 Featuring probably the most unflappable human in the history of time as a bug reporter. One day I hope to have the fortitude this man does. Honestly, this wasn't a real problem. If you just turn on automatic upgrade in apt/Ubuntu updates/whatever and leave it that way, a user can change things and all is well. I have this vague feeling snap is here to stay but I don't like it. I do have everything backed up but I doubt I would exhibit anywhere near that equanimity. I get annoyed when a kernel upgrade leaves me with a low res login screen. People ask me why I don't want programmer unions. This is why. This will be in the top 5 things on their agenda. Not interested in making America some sort of loser fiefdom operated by the inadequate who need regulation because they cannot compete. No way. Besides, if Europe is so great, maybe there would be this massive collection of great tech companies there. Instead, 49 square miles in America has produced more economic value in tech than any European city. To clarify, I'm more sympathising with the interns than blaming anyone. Obviously, in these trying times I understand the constraints companies are under. Companies started in SF, grown in SF, serve the world. SF engineers with SF money in SF offices made that. These mythical super-Europeans we're supposed to pin our hopes on have nothing to show for it but Jetbrains, Deep Mind, and SAP (successful companies, yes, but three countries' worth to match one tiny piece of land). No disrespect intended. They run things in Europe the way they want to. But regulating to ensure only immigration from Europe is not in America's interests. America is a beautiful land of opportunity for folks in tech. The exploited/exploiter dichotomy is a problem for someone whose primary advantage is being a native English speaker and located in the US. That sort of engineer is already been commodified away by the thousands by remote engineering teams from Gdansk to Lahore to Manila. He has one more generation while the young Asians start up as native English speakers and everyone gets used to remote workers. On the other hand, the engineer whose primary advantage is his engineering is super-charged by focusing on where he provides comparative advantage. Yeah, it turns out updating your Coldfusion website to display a notice on Sunday is something a child can do, and making a scalable backend for Dropbox's storage requires immense expertise. If you're the first guy, the writing is on the wall. If you're the second guy, the less time you spend on things that don't require your skill, the more valuable you are. Are you saying I'm attributing Silicon Valley's achievements to SF? I wasn't intending to do that. I was talking about solely SF companies because that illustrates the point on its own, but we can make it the SJ-SF-Oak CSA if you'd like. But that sort of blows Europe's tech companies out of the water. I wanted to keep it in the range of comparison. The idea that Mike Janicek and Bob Mansfield are the only guys willing to do the work for the incredibly low fees Apple will provide while all these manufacturing engineers turn up their noses beggars belief. Actual practice: the journalists stick in a magic word, they're indemnified, everyone notices they use the magic word when it's obviously true and also when it's not obvious and so assumes it's just a legal device. Every time I see a Theo de Raadt thing on the front page it's some nonsensical language rant that has the utility of a PR review comment on some random leaf JS project. The guy does a lot of work maintaining OpenBSD but it looks like people only upvote his pointless flaming. This is practically TMZ for Nerds stuff. I think I'll block Theo de Raadt for myself on HN. I think Google did it with YouTube if you want a B2C example but this has happened many times in the B2B world successfully. Yeah, the cases where I've personally seen it work were when the company had product market fit but was money constrained for how much it could grow. Go to a hacker school. They have machinery in place to get past the level 1 filter. Or maybe write a lot of public code. This is highly risky, though. Few places consider those credentials. I tolerated a lot of crap from Evolution to get sync to my Gnome calendar stuff and notifications. Eventually it was too much, though. Sad. Overall I liked the software but data loss is hard to stomach. That's fair and if I think about it an alternative path may actually be finding a startup that will take a risk on someone. To be honest, he just has to get past the L1 filter. Once he's in the stage where he's interviewing the predominant dominator of whether he'll get the job is interview performance not resumes. So yeah, I've changed my mind. Probably well worth searching first before falling back. I guess in my head I'd assumed he'd already searched unsuccessfully but he never mentions that. I imagine it's folks like me who are baking now for no good reason but to pass the time. I previously didn't eat any bread. Now I'm getting fat. Safrr Arkstorm or Tsunami are also pretty cheap to take care of. But that's life. We call it Libre Office now, by the way ;) To be honest, I think the true innovation is WFH. Bypass all these things and make a full-mixed city where folks can work without commuting and walk to their diner spots and everything. It's what they made the future look like in sci-fi. I can't wait. Combine that with my personally highest desired innovation: work times. In California, the most beautiful time of day is right now morning to noon, and afternoon to evening. I want to be out. Fortunately, I can be, but so many people are missing out on this. With WFH will come a competitive advantage - the worktime shift. And we will live our best lives. That's what we've been doing with our clients who can't afford it right now. We just extend their licence 3 months when they've already paid us. They're happy, we don't get a meaningless churn and it slows us down only 25%. Is there a quickstart that just goes: do this to make a reverse proxy? i.e. you have a great manual, but I'm looking for a tutorial. I read through this hoping to find how many more. Article does not describe in general. It has specific locations reporting the existence of deaths but not comparative. Not a criticism, just trying to save folks looking for that info some time. And it's fantastic. I love the location timeline feature they build for you from it. India has hecka pollution and they have low deaths. We can discount their government's ability to register deaths but they can't hide bodies and right now there aren't massive amounts of bodies coming out. Cooperating with ICE to send these people back to America where they come from? My, my, San Francisco’s atavistic parochialism is really something but calling ones fellow Americans illegal immigrants. That’s good. Haha, I don’t think you have to tell anyone this. They’ll do it themselves. I think not. Prepare to be gentrified by superior economics. Seattle is a great choice. Salaries are similar. The politics aren’t idiotic. No state income tax. Standard of living is just as good. Because no one can demonstrate it makes an appreciable impact, and the cost is that we get ghettos where no one will report crime. So we don’t do it. I vaguely remember in the Startup podcast that Gimlet Media went to non-VCs before VCs would get in on their thing. And they did eventually do a $200k crowdfunding campaign. So clearly the argument "No VC = Scam" doesn't work. I do buy that the scam rate may be higher. But I think allowing yourself to be scammed some amount is probably okay. Post was not very illuminating. Very little content. It's pretty much a "if musl is slow, it may be the allocator (eom)" which fits in the headline and would have saved me the click. You get rid of illegal immigrants on the street and you won't move the needle on crime. Listen, I'm not interested in you blowing my money on vanity projects. If you're on Upwork, it's pretty easy to shift to non-Californians. There are also lots more of them and you can switch them up if you're worried about hitting the 35 hour cap. Fortunately, not too much of a problem. I just stopped hiring Californians there. SPOILERS! Just kidding, I haven't reached the end (stopped when they started doing other startups) so I don't know how they ended up. Looking it up, looks like they sold to Spotify. I wonder if the deal was good. They realized a bit late. Europe razed her forests. Maybe they can track their trees because they only have so many. To compare: CA is about twice as big as the UK and Californians own more forests as individuals than the UK has in total. Four times as much area in California is forest as in the UK in total. They owe the rest of the Earth a terrible debt. I, too, was joking! Just bants. Well, yeah, that's Boeing, but if I'm going to work at a startup I want options, I want lots of them, and I want a good strike price. After all, if it's not going to do damned well next year why am I even going there? Yeah by most American standards, and also by most standards. And now that agricultural techniques are better. It's time for the UK to give back to the Earth. Their endless whinging about the developing world logging their forests stands as hollow if they will not undo the untold amounts of harm they have done the Earth. I picked California because I live here and because we're good at this - for all of our faults. Indeed, but more people isn't good for its own sake. Lest we forget, California produces almost as much in its economy as the UK does with 2/3rds the people. We are more forested, we are more people-efficient, we are just as power-efficient, our energy comes form just as good sources. They need to step up. Our conditions here will not last forever and it is time for them to reforest, and pay the debt they owe the Earth. I'm carbon negative. I'm probably at the 0.01% in this world. Europe has led the world down a dark path and she needs to heal the wounds she has given Mother Earth. Per-capita isn't as useful a measure as carbon intensity (/km^2) or carbon efficiency (/dollar). At this point, if the UK stopped doing its slow-motion destruction of the planet and started creating more with less, it can still redeem itself for the harm it's done all of humanity present and future. My lease document? Probably not going to share a source for how I live here. Listen, you think you're on the opposite side of the guy with one vanity project by coming up with another vanity project but ultimately, to me, you guys are both just vanity project spenders who want to use someone else's money on random things that make you feel like you did something. I'm not interested in budgeting to your ego. No thank you. Depending on cost + externalities, I'm okay with some number of criminals not being in prison. Pretty easy if you’re a security concerned software engineer. Clone repo, read the source, and Load Unpacked... Last time I did this it was easier than typing this comment. Relatedly, Paul Graham on Obsession http://paulgraham.com/genius.html That's the trick. Present value is only so much of the picture. If I dump hecka carbon in for 350 years and then suddenly go clean for one year, I still have to account for my 350 years. The UK has a lot of sins she has to clean up after. No lectures from her till she cleans up her mess. "Yeah, I didn't kill anyone today ." doesn't get you off the murder charge. That makes the law stupid, dude. I want my lawmakers to apply a slight modicum of systems thinking. Making or not making money is such a weird way for people to see things. That's part of why I love the Free Software movement so much and abhor the CC-*-NC licences. Fortunately, Reddit has the exception where they can give out access to anyone they want. But I still think StackOverflow is the gold standard: CC-BY-SA. No restriction on making money. Maybe a platinum standard would be CC-BY. https://www.reddit.com/r/SubSimulatorGPT2/ is already pretty amusing. In Reddit's case, that's the deal. You get a website to share things on with other people, and the value exchange involves you giving full licence to Reddit and giving relicense rights to Reddit. Personally, I find that a very fair deal and clearly other people do as well. I think it actually yields positive externalities because we get things that wouldn't exist otherwise because the transaction costs outweigh the value, but the transaction costs are an inherent cost and I don't want to levy them. Fortunately, Reddit gives me the ability to not levy them and to guarantee that I won't levy them. In fact, this is part of the magic of Free Software: true freedom to use. Yes, Google can use so much work which was done and it doesn't have to pay any of it back to Torvalds or Greg Kroah-Hartman or even me for the minor changes I made to libraries. This is freedom. I prefer it. And fortunately the world is aligned in this direction. If they are truly life-necessary. But it is quite likely that the elderly and the pre-existing conditions folk will survive getting the bread tomorrow instead of in two hours. We already have a bypass mechanisms for the "I'll die if I don't get it in two hours". It's the emergency services system and it's there when your life is in danger and it's currently overprovisioned to ensure capacity. The UK has triple lock pensions. Knew it was time to quit the UK when that happened. Took a while but I managed it. Pensioners everywhere are powerful. You'll never sacrifice them. They'll eat the young whenever they get a chance. Your only hope is to get in as close to the ground floor and then eat as many young yourself. 100% ad tech or some Mulesoft style middleware app. Too late. My CAPTCHA now reads "What colour is vortico's logo". It's pretty effective. Not one bot signup. The common recaptcha is just a "check box to prove you're human" if Google knows you even slightly otherwise. Right? It's a masterpiece in design. I know, I look, and I still feel the movement of a click. How?! Very slow video. Wish it were transcripted. I wonder if folks using Chef to ensure a file is present used a "clobber-always" mode and had it behave correctly. I would imagine so since Chef should make a new file. Anyway, a problem for an older age. That would be if we didn't let them successfully lobby to restrict residencies and therefore doctors. Americans with the skill and will exist but we will shut them out because we want to maintain price floors. Don't need the unemployed. Go for the best. Brain drain the world like America did right after WW2. Suck the best up and put them here. Don't even have to do very much, just liberalize skilled immigration and pull everyone who wants to come who has degrees in nations with equivalent systems. Canadian medical staff, for instance, should be able to instant-transfer. Forget the small ball with licence reciprocity between states. Licence reciprocity between nations. They will come. Just let them. In CO2 tons / sanctimony unit they certainly are the leaders. I'll gladly amend my position to condemn the US too, but the UK and the EU are on no high horse. Merely pumping out masses of people is no defence for blotting the Earth with their slime. Carmack has different motivations. He has nothing to prove and simplistically looks to make things better. You can tell in his appearance on Joe Rogan. Most HN users are just publicly preening. It's like a Mechanical Turk GPT2. I actually doubt they can write code. 1986, 1997, 2005, 2018. Not only is there a hysteresis effect here but the AMA didn't stop being evil villains in 1900. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22940320 Doctors are protectionist evil people. Well, if they don't want to, then the liberalization won't do anything. So it looks like a Pareto-optimal move. How funny, I took notes for a class to A/B test this and note taking ruined my ability to internalize data. When I wasn't taking notes, concepts would fly into my head as I'm writing an exam along with the associated memory (where I was sitting that day, whether it was bright out, where the lecturer was standing wrt board). When I took notes, I had all these notes and none of this would happen. I used pen/paper. I also tried, separately, computer-based stuff and that ruined my ability to concentrate. Wow, fascinating. You're being screwed by your service providers. Great job tracking that down. Very interesting. I haven't used this but it sounds very impressive. Cool takeaways. Nothing useful to share except that I enjoyed the write-up. Interestingly, I've learned a lot about Indian operations from your comments regarding this (like telecom operators stealing and selling customer data, etc.). Fascinating! Interesting. Ah well, the time has passed on that front. The online version of this is a whole bunch of 'sources' in a comment. In fact, I suspect that there is a number of sources in an online comment where the truth goes up in sources and then drops. It's just a game, right? Would be like concluding which country is more powerful, UK or Croatia, based off a football game. If you've ever lived in the Third World, you know that their news sources are total rubbish so people come to rely on the people they trust. But then that was hijacked through SMS/WhatsApp forwards that are things like this (everyone knows you won't type out a link from a picture). It's actually such good propaganda, and I think it didn't really manifest fully formed (i.e. no one came up with the full concept) but through an evolutionary process as some was more effective than others. I am fascinated by the viral evolution of these things. It's the usual hysteresis that results in what they did. The Nazis haven't gassed anyone in fifty years. They're still evil. Ultimately, the AMA blocked residencies through lobbying and now maintains the position through small expense of effort because the status quo is a strong position. Change needs justification and you only have to block at the point of change. Things are the way they are because they put in the effort at the crucial moment. And they certainly haven't undone their crimes. Just stopped being criminal. It's like a bank robber who stopped robbing banks and invested in the S&P500. You'd think there was some seedy truth to the place but an ex of mine had family involved in the administration of the place and I've been there (both before I knew her and after). Quite a charming place in reality. Though I'm told everything almost fell apart after a founder or big leader died and the government had to step in. It's the Indian government so usually that's a disaster but this one seems to have turned out okay. Anyway, it's unlikely the website can handle an average company let alone HN so mirrors: https://web.archive.org/web/20200427170816/https://www.aurov... http://archive.is/BjdIk LOIC is almost certainly `yes` This is just armchair quarterbacking. Utterly useless. I skipped our whiteboarding exercise with a candidate based on reading an original GitHub project of his. I didn't notice him because of the project, I wouldn't have ignored him without the project but the repo gave me enough info to know he was capable. If he hadn't already done that, then we'd just have to go through some demonstration of programming ability. It's been a few months and I'm ready to call this a win. I'm somewhat amused at this rejuvenation of the age-old belief that folks who have this as a hobby are somehow maladjusted and burning out. Fascinating. I think it was this early belief in the 90s and then the dotcom boom had the superstars and then the next wave had the next superstars and it shifted. Now it's shifted back. Wonder what shifted it. Well, to my people out there, do not fret: there are still places to work where you work with other obsessives, there are still people who look for that in each other, and after 20 years of messing with computers I can tell you it is still joyful. You can do what you love and make a lot of money doing it. And in these places no one will judge you for loving the thing you work on so much you do it for fun as well. You can't kill people. I simply propose that we move costs back on to consumers. So, like I do, make everyone pay for the carbon they produce. Stagger it so that they overpay by some amount and let the countries that haven't yet polluted underpay. It'll be a small factor, some 10x or so. For my life that'll be around $4k extra in costs per year. If someone already lives a very carbon neutral lifestyle then it'll be much less. If they fly a lot more it'll be a lot more. It's pretty typical of apologists to pull this tone policing. Here's a comic that describes it: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DCXYRT4UwAAgdMy.jpg Congratulations on your launch. Not really feedback but I realized when I clicked through that I would have signed up if I could use one of the federated login services (Google most likely, GitHub maybe, Facebook probably wouldn't have helped) and I didn't want to go through the mail, password, confirm cycle so much I actually just hit back. I think you can still get someone's email for follow up if you use them. Interesting. Did not realize people moved their towers that much. Perhaps it's a thing people do in art studios or wherever Mac Pros are used. Some folks do the opposite and have extended family visit to take care of the children. One of my friends' parents joked at immigration¹ when asked what they were visiting for. "Babysitting" they smiled. They were sternly rebuked, saying they did not have a Visa that would work for employment. They did get let in, in the end, though. ¹ A lesson you learn very fast is to never joke while at immigration or customs. This whole thing has made me grateful for the fact that only engineers at my company will know the horrors I have perpetrated in my career. Must be awful for the poor folks whose work is being savaged by everyone. What is the smallest number greater than 0? For the things considered here, the point 0 is measure zero so open starting at 0 and closed at 0 are the same. L This is amazing! What a clever concept to use these for inspiration. Databricks jobs clusters can do this on AWS at least. We use them for that. That also means gay people are constantly selected against, yet we have them present for eons. Who exactly is producing this content? I used this in like IE5 (I think) with MHTML. Though after looking a little, looks like SingleFile is more featureful (gets lazy loaded stuff etc) It is clearly a general belief everywhere that if you can get some utility out of something and you can manage to do that for free then you should. HN does it with paywall bypasses, piracy, etc. Completely unsurprising that if you take a group of people, each of whom individually believe in deriving utility from things they can get with or without permission, then that collective group also behaves in the same manner. Equality is not a thing I ever care to have a society optimized for. If you give me a planet, I don't care that everyone else has a galaxy. Simply optimize for the leading edge and the rest will get dragged along. Ugh, so obnoxious. Great job, love it. Do commercial solutions use simulations and stuff? Sounds like a great way to bootstrap is to use some of these more realistic games to get some initial work. By the way, I found this part funny: > ...if it doesn’t make sense to you think about it and try to understand it. We had a teacher once who'd say "If you don't understand, try to understand". Haha! Life for the below-middle-class is way better than before. Maternal mortality, infant mortality, calories consumed, appliances in the home, life expectancy all trending in the right direction. Life now for the average American is stupendously better than half a century ago. Over the last twenty years (over which the ATUS was active), time spent sleeping, time spent on leisure, and percent of people engaged in sports and recreation each day are also trending well. I don't care if I make a dollar and you make a billion if one dollar will provide for my entire life, and if that life is pleasant in an absolute sense. Equality is a false god. Très cool. Thank you. All societies that primarily aimed at equality have harmed their members. All societies that have aimed at top-quartile growth have their bottom-quartile more prosperous than those who've aimed at minimizing Gini. Empirically, it has not led to happy people. In a POSIWID sense, systems that claim to be equality systems are actually aiming at Gini 1. Therefore, my priors on the outcomes likely if I am to go along with an equality-optimizer are high that I will end up a serf and near zero that I will end up equal participant in the commune. My priors on the outcomes likely if I am to go along with a top-line optimizer are high that he will make out like a bandit, I will make out like a bandit's brother's mechanic, and low that he will eat me. Merely empirically, optimizing for happiness of the bottom quartile, I should never choose the guy who claims to be an equality-optimizer. America is prosperous and peaceful and a veritable font of innovation. Her poorest are wealthy. Her hungriest are satiated. It's working. I'm going to double down. And double down again. It's going to keep working. No, that's the point. Everyone claiming to minimize Gini gets Gini 1, so in a POSIWID sense, the system that claims to minimize Gini is aiming at maximizing Gini. I use these to 'accidentally' upload marketing collateral. Got some clickbacks through unique UTMs so I know it works. Probably not going to look for one, sorry. You may prefix "From what I can see" wherever necessary should you wish to soften the claims. The latter. It goes all over the place, so that's cool. In my case, for other reasons I had to make it a short bit.ly link that wasn't a hyperlink. Someone actually had to type it in to get there! Manual vs auto approval. Sure but the crucial thing might be Europe. For instance, I might tell a partner I'm going to the supermarket - not that I'm going to the Safeway Aisles 3/7/8 in the Safeway at the top of Diamond Heights in San Francisco. That's the magic of communication, knowing when to use the specific and when the general. I think they did well here. The real practice of what you'll get is that the employer imposes the test, then is hyper-sensitive to cheating. This is sad but they're just responding to market hysteria on permissions. Better than where I started out. Rewind me to childhood and I'll take the trade. I lost my mind when I saw the announcement for Killzone https://youtu.be/PDfu1mYQXEg It's funny. I remember a court case where Shotspotter had a pinprick on one block and the news said "the shooting actually occurred a block away". Haha, that's nuts. Crazy accurate. The expert testimony did have the engineer saying "The accuracy is invented by sales and marketing. The pinpoint is just a starting point. It's in a radius around that." Which I found amusing because it seemed obvious to me. It did improve my ability to sell, though. These caveats are useless when you're selling. You can always explain afterwards. Lem is such a witty writer and his short stories are so thoroughly enjoyable. He's very clever! His work isn't like Terry Pratchett but I find that there is a commonality in their cleverness. Still can't get over Pratchett's 'ideon' (a fundamental particle that when it strikes the brain, creates an idea; hilarious!) or that weird story of Lem's where an abandoned traveler gene-chemical engineers a sapient civilization to build himself a ship so he can fly back. Very cool. I use Container Tabs so I can be logged into multiple AWS accounts simultaneously and this will be cool because they're sort of contexts. I wish I could see whole-desktop contexts but I'll settle for this. I'm going to try out your thing. Honestly, I'd rather work with them than with people who wilfully misinterpret statements and just flip a shit constantly. "I think it's time to double down on email marketing" -> my teammates understand that means I'm going to switch where I put most of my effort. I can just imagine you saying "Yet you're not allocating 8 hours a day instead of 4 on this. I'm going to sue you" God, that would be exhausting. 30% revenue cut so that you get no increased market? Yeah, fuck the perfectly functional updater. The dollar loss through distributing a security flaw is way lower than that. I look forward to the compliant version of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paralympic_Games Because human expression is cool, man. "You guys are killing it!" is way better than "You human beings are performing above average for this task. I appreciate this". Also it's not a weasel word. It's totally just an expression. I find it truly incredible that someone feels the way you do. The Embarcadero Centre is mixed-use and pretty popular./ This is like the most unimportant shit in the world, dude. Also Mao wasn't trying to kill people with the Great Leap Forward. It's sort of like how everyone gives the British a free pass for the millions of Indians they starved during the second world war. Incompetence is bad but malice is worse. For the Bengal Famine or the Great Leap Forward? India was a net exporter of food leading up to it. So yes, they sacrificed some British subjects to save others. Mostly incompetence. Just like the Great Leap Forward. You can’t have your users “Load Unpacked...”? That always works for me. You don’t use messages.android.com? I see. Yes, that is true. > > > Are any of those companies (except Amazon) even in the same league in terms of negative impact as big tech? > > Boeing's 737 Max debacle killed two plane-fuls of people. It's pretty hard to argue that either Amazon or Google has had negative effects on that magnitude. > I don't think it's particularly useful to compare across industries like this, especially when invoking an "appeal to worse problems" to justify ignoring a problem under discussion. Interesting sequence of comments. Perhaps you placed yours at the wrong level but it certainly doesn't look like good faith at the moment. Because I, the user, don't want that. I don't have a problem subjecting myself to Content ID in exchange for the ability to just host all sorts of crap. People love and trust Google, dude. It's one of the most beloved brands in America (and probably the world). He's handling this perfectly. Am I missing something? This seems less surprising than the alternative. Not my experience at all. The mods plus fanmade expansions community is bigger than ever. And so is open source. Way more stuff is free now than ever before. I'm sorry you feel this way, but I do not think this is true for most creators. Too many of my friends have made wonderful things for the sake of it. And they're so self-effacing, they won't even mention these things. Haha, admirable but I love employers like that. When they proactively remove themselves from the process without intervention from me we've made selection so much more efficient. I wouldn't want to work there and they would have saved me so much trouble. Bad GitHub code means nothing. Good original GitHub code means something. And the less these orgs realize that the easier it is to get engineers that are otherwise unappreciated. Ownership doesn't really matter that much so long as you meet the tax criteria for it. As for the rest, everyone else playing in this space is likely to have assets that are in the range of SIPC insurance so just make sure your stuff is insured and don't sweat the small stuff. I'm told that CCOR doesn't plan on bidding in 2029 for .org (w/ or w/o Afilias) so this looks like a temporary thing at best. It doesn't look like there is a coherent alternative. Honestly, ISOC was on this path after they eliminated trustee elections. Interesting. It's exactly the opposite. The guys I'm talking about are all running their own startups or at startups. So definitely not 9-5s. International students are a funding source for US universities. They're a net positive if your objective is to educate your own people. Oooh, it would be cool to deepfake oneself on this. On an intentionally downsampled video feed it could be quite convincing. On his recent appearance on Joe Rogan, he talks about Free Software and making older engine software open when they released new stuff. I think he might have mentioned icculus too but I don’t recall. I’ve always liked Carmack’s walking the walk. It’s common on Internet forums (like this one) to talk about how some code is shit or whatever. Carmack submits patches and sees them through. An ideal to aspire to. His Twitter is a great replacement for his planfiles. One of the few I follow. Not a thing I’ve ever considered on a hiring front unless you’re famous as a sexual harasser or for pulling a Damore. Literally never heard of anyone doing this either. Honestly don’t understand why people don’t have their email address public. Spam filtering is so good these days that this is all upside and no downside. No. It's in all the news. But the truth is people love Google. Google gives them so many services for free that they didn't have before. In many 3rd world countries, smartphones were the "couple months salary" iPhone or an Android that's literally a tenth the cost. To most of these people, Google has been an unalloyed good. Google is probably one of the most resilient brands worldwide. Even in America it's well trusted. For good reason. Honestly, at least sleep makes me feel good. Distractions (like HN) make me feel worse at the end. Faster way is to just use Modafinil (barely addictive) or Adderall (very addictive). Thank you for Xournal. I used LibreOffice for that but it added artifacts to my images (like a vertical black line to one if rendered as a PDF but not if rendered as a TIFF). He was an Andreessen-Horowitz Partner so pretty well-known in startup circles. I think a successful way to do this is Neovim's BountySource which was perfectly run, imho. There was a "if it hits $x tarruda will work on it" thing which is all I wanted. Well, if you've got uBlock Origin on most of the time there's no information on you. Obviously you get the untargeted ad. Essentially no one but the broad audience guys are buying your attention. The best time to show you vacuum ads is right after you buy a vacuum because: * You have concrete intent * At a 5% return rate (pretty low), that's 5% you're going to buy the alternative Because people spend lots of time on things they won't buy. Contextual advertising is available. It's just not as high-performing, in general. Works for search, for instance. Ask your marketing team. Essentially, if it happened in modern times we have to account to modern governments for it. It's just a property of current real life. If local people put pressure on their government over it, the government has to put pressure on America over it, and America may want to preserve relations by making a gesture that's ultimately strategically zero cost to preserve a strategic relationship. No one with any power seriously wants the Kohinoor back so it's not going to go back. But having an artifact taken from your country during a war of invasion is going to create lots of pressure on you. It's just realpolitik. I wonder how many soldier millionaires have been made by the War in Iraq. A small shot at wealth, a low risk of death, maybe going to war there as an individual isn't too bad. Sure, in general, but not in the Iraq War which is what I'm talking about. Sorry to hear about that. Naturally I didn't mean to imply that everyone had it easy. Some even died, tragically. Do you think we'd have more or fewer? It isn't clear to me. After all, back in the day was a bloody period. Haha, this company was great. They just took money and burnt it on customer acquisition through fantastic coupons and then sold to Walmart. I love these businesses. I bought so much stuff I needed on Jet coupons. 25% off max $50? Don't mind if I do. Hope there's a new one. I think I must have gone through like 4 different emails using slightly modified addresses and all my CCs. Some things we might never have again. For instance you might not get sufficient utility out of strawberries at $30/kg. The market for people who do might be very small. Then the guy who wants to grow strawberries at cost X, the guy who wants to get strawberries at cost Y, and the guy who wants to be paid to pick strawberries at cost Z all want to indulge in the activity but because one part of the chain falls below a legislated minimum, an economically efficient action does not occur. That doesn't mean it's bad that it doesn't occur. Just that if the equilibrium price has any link of the chain be legally unacceptable you might literally kill a market. There is no new equilibrium. There just isn't product. I use both Signal and WhatsApp. Honestly, only use the former to communicate with my friends who insist on using Signal. Found this PIN nonsense annoying but who really cares. Ultimately, I have to contact these friends so I'll jump through their hoops till the hoops make my friends leave. Because the money's gone elsewhere. Is he? He's just saying both MS and EA are equivalent in what they open source right now. I only take it about once a month. That helps me capture the feeling. Then I just have to reach internally for the feeling. I also only ever take 50 mg. It's too powerful over that and I also feel itchy. I am not an organ donor. The reason is simple: Everyone in a transplant chain (Organ Procurement Orgs, Hospitals, Transplant Surgeons) makes money off a transplant except the guy giving up his organs. The rules for me are clear: I have a simple price on each of my organs should I be brain dead. Pay the price to me, and it will go to my beneficiaries in my notarized will, and you can hollow me out if I'm brain dead. Don't and I take them with me. The whole jaywalking thing is idiotic. Let pedestrians walk. I live in San Francisco where pedestrians are going to be everywhere and it's really not that much harder. In the UK, you can just cross any non-motorway at any time and it's about whether the situation is safe. Well, fewer fatalities total, fewer fatalities per mile driven, etc. etc. Genuinely don't think non-highway road crossing needs to be excessively regulated. Human beings will self-organize and the exceptions will not cause significant economic damage. More freedom and less regulation, please. I'm not American, but I did move to the USA because I liked American principles, culture, and money so take from that what you will. The OPO stuff etc. is obviously an American thing but I'm pretty sure no transplant surgeon in the world works for free. Actually, that's the funny thing: drivers don't kill drivers. Not even collisions kill drivers. It's just that some people, post-collision, have their heart stop. So really, if you think about it, their own heart killed them. We should mark them all as suicides, honestly. Haha, most government money projects in California are a mechanism to funnel tax money into chosen pockets. The interests in play encourage that because: * Most Californians don't like other people living near them. They want to live like in the suburbs and it annoys them if that changes. * They can fig leaf in 'environmentalism' or 'traffic' or whatever in order to do that. Sometimes they'll fig leaf in 'gentrification' and 'affordability'. * They want to be able to complain about government spending but not really do anything about it. The best part is that this allows you almost all the real benefits of actually having government spending change: you still get the funneling, and you get all the social value of being against overspending. * The last thing is that Americans as a whole hate being told they've been defrauded. It's like the worst thing in the world to be a sucker here. So the right response is always to pretend like you aren't being suckered. That's crucial. You can always choose to say things like "San Francisco is built upon 150 years of shipwrecks" or "America is a big country" or "California is diverse". My hope is one day to embed myself in enterprise sales to government. It's the good life. So your posterior probabilities on most things will shift zero post intervention? Interesting. I'm a UBI opponent, a short term HM proponent, but I think my posterior probabilities would shift depending on the size of the effect and the duration over which the experiment was performed. Sure, but by flipping the direction, you can just pick an arbitrary person, set up a trust fund that only disburses a certain amount and set this person up for life. If you have 10 people, each contribute $100k, that's a $1 million fund. Fund a person in Nebraska for life with the fund for $36k a year with an annual rate of return of 4% (fairly conservative). That person is guaranteed the durable benefactor and you can see if their behaviour changes and if they are enhanced through this. The great beauty of the anonymous Internet is that people now believe any libelous claims published on random sites. The democratization of propaganda has diminished the power of the press. Thankfully so, since the press has always been an instrument of propaganda. Who are you going to stop, McDonalds? Reddit's /u/blazeit420? You don't know who he is. And a ban will just result in /u/cockscrew69 picking up the ball. No, we're comparing human labour to rice. Let's be honest. If you're essential you'll negotiate your rates to be what you want. It's obvious we're not comparing humans to rice here since we're not buying and selling humans. It's so obvious that I can only conclude you're acting in bad faith intentionally. If you're able to dictate your income, then why even worry? Go ahead and live somewhere else and dictate your income. It's a voluntary exchange and if someone takes the other end of the deal then good for you! Haha, many people react in that fashion because I haven't yet met anyone who has also formed this opinion, but it isn't for me, it's for the family. Other things that also act to make 'me' money after death: my wealth, my copyrighted property, my land. No one expects me to give that away for free even though many would benefit. So no, I won't be giving away my body either. Art 6 (1) (e). You may have to fight but you'll win. IANAL. Remember how Facebook (the subject of this thread) chose not to? Well, if your labour is not, in fact, fungible it won't behave on the market as if it is fungible. You'll see this often for people paid a lot doing a single role for 30 years. Given the probability of a good replacement hire, they can't actually be replaced. Given their unique knowledge of that company, they're worth 50% to another. You'll also see this at startups where people will move from place to place keeping their income. But the median Facebook engineer's labour is fungible. It doesn't really matter which engineer is there so long as there is an engineer there. And human beings are not being treated as disposable gadgets. Their labour is behaving like any other good in the market. There are some specifics but for the most part it is true. There's no should to this. It's merely observational truth. The full nuance of the law can only be gleaned from the law itself. Any shorter comment on the Internet is guaranteed to leave out one of the meanings. So, yes, I think you're right but that's always going to be the case. Fair, fair. That's right. They needn't. And I'm not going to let go of my organs for free either. I'm comfortable with that outcome. 'Should' isn't a useful thing in this discussion. When thinking about policy there is only behaviour pre-intervention and behaviour post-intervention. In this case, you'd note that there are certain businesses that don't consider themselves viable at the current value of unemployment benefits if unemployment behaves as it does right now. Then you see if you're okay with losing those businesses and if you are, then so be it, you think it's worth the trade-off. If you're not okay, then you need to tune the intervention, e.g. unemployment is guaranteed for some time even if you become re-employed, or 'unemployment' is guaranteed to all, or you lower the payment, etc. I think I might have a few hundred copies of: ``` # From https://stackoverflow.com/a/246128 DIR="$( cd "$( dirname "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}" )" >/dev/null 2>&1 && pwd )" ``` Only stated it like that to keep it concise. Ultimately, I guess my point is that it isn't a moral question. Moral incentives are hard to provide so policy centres around the levers we know to pull. Saying "businesses should" without incentivizing that is just saying "users are holding the phone wrong". So yes, you are right that there are many parameters that can be tuned. This is incredible! Thank you for sharing! I sync my Google Photos and Apple Photos and I hope they both also run the model on things I've uploaded from a different device. Wish the Google stuff was also queriable like this. Perhaps I worded that poorly. That's fair criticism. I just mean that making some policy and then saying "businesses should do X" isn't useful. That's like making a phone a certain shape and then saying "people are holding the phone wrong". I think I actually eventually solved this by installing `coreutils` on OS X and using `realpath`. I like open offices. Very pleasant spaces. I also like working from home, but I like socialization too. Sure, sure. I like an environment where I can socialize at work. I still work fine. Fortunately, I find it easy to find companies like that. The sugar thing will work whether he believes it or not. You pay for some things not everything. It's like when you go to the gym you have access to everything but if you take all the dumbbells and assemble them in the squat rack and start curling 5 lbs, you're gonna get kicked out. The answer is obviously yes. You externalize the pain (lost revenue isn't a thing felt by you) and internalize the gain (no ads to view, etc.). It's just like the answer to: * Should you pirate your school textbooks? Yes, obviously. I did it all through uni and I'm a good software engineer. Oh sorry, that's not right. I meant "It's a travesty that a university I pay money to would force me to spend money on books I could just get from the previous year. The writer barely makes any money on the book anyway". * Should you pirate games? Yes, obviously. A game that's free is better than a game you pay for. If it's sufficiently cheap then the advantage of discovery and your library makes Steam or Epic worth it. "Store-bought games include intrusive DRM that messes with your system files and is a security nightmare" * Should you pirate software? Yes, obviously. That's why most paid software is SaaS now. You can't pirate SaaS. "Same DRM argument as above". Ultimately, the answer to "Should I get something for free which I would otherwise pay for" is always yes. I mean we still have DRM and shit and once upon a time people grumbled that they pirate games because they don't like always on DRM. Well, Steam is always on DRM and folks love that. To paraphrase big Bill C, "It's about the money, stupid". I could probably invent a plausible smoke screen for everything from riding on trains for free (why are cars so subsidized?) to not paying for parking (I already pay so much in road tax and income tax) to taking all the Halloween candy someone left outside in a bowl (I never had this stuff as a child, all these kids already have way more than they need). Sure, and that's inductive generalization and it's useful, but even just using empirical evidence is sufficient for a lot of things. You don't have to understand the causative relation. In fact, much of medicine is this way. Doing X causes adverse effect Y, doing P causes beneficial effect Q. So > You shouldn't be surprised when none of these things "work" -- do you even understand why they should? Understanding is not required for many things. And in fact, the thing does work! As an example, I do not actually understand why lifting makes me stronger. Why do muscles respond to increased resistance with more strength? Certainly my ankle ligaments didn't respond to injury with more strength. Well, I don't care and it doesn't matter. It will still work. Maybe you aren't. I love it. Hasn't hurt me in any way and I've only ever got benefits from it. Honestly, there are lots of companies and some governments I'd be willing to buy a tracking chip from to embed in my body for the right value. That’s the magic of form. You don’t need deep understanding, you only need rules. It’ll be fine. I'm flattered, naturally :) But in my case I just paid a guy to tell me what to do until it became automatic habit. At one point in my life, we joked about this. All of us working at a startup were incredibly frugal, except for one thing: most of us paid for Equinox, and I paid for a trainer. Figured we could just live in the office and shower at the gym. Actually think I could have pulled it off but I'd probably die alone. Yeah, HN's classic cynicism is in full effect here. The truth is that companies are made of people and very often the people just want to make a good thing that's nice and works well. My favourite is Gusto. Why is Gusto so good? I only use it twice a year or so, the guy buying it isn't the guy using it, and the principal value in their business is integrations not UX. Well, Gusto is good because they want to be good. I'm happy with that explanation. It's nothing novel. It's like a concert ticket entitles you to a 3 hour subscription to an event that you don't get to keep, and a movie ticket means you get to sit in a place for 90 minutes. The event happens and then it's gone. Only your memory remains. You don't get to keep your seat. You can get that in the UK through DD but I just set alerts on all my cards for spend over $0 so I get a notification on all spend. What? No thank you. Having to go ensure I'm keeping all my grandfathered accounts together would be a nightmare. Jesus Christ. I have no problem paying $2/mo for some random feature I've forgotten about. If you want to do it, set it up so all charges must result in 24-hour notification to customer and option to cancel future charges. This whole reaction makes me understand why California has all these backwards-ass propositions. Everyone just wants to make any damned random thing a law. Because you can just freeload, my dude. That's the real answer. Otherwise you can just make the usual arguments about exposure that make it to /r/ChoosingBeggars. Hilariously untrue of Chase where you can go from Chase Travel (using your CC points) to your Chase Account page back and find yourself confronted by a login wall at the Chase Travel page. Christ, what a nightmare. Japanese has counter words. So you get san-mai tickets for people arriving in san-dai cars. In English that's just three tickets for people arriving in three cars. Note that 'mai' doesn't mean ticket and 'dai' doesn't mean car, it's just a counter so you also have to add in the noun in your sentence. That seems unbelievable to me but they just go around happily saying that easily. Oh I knew Apple applied the prude-policy to their store. I did not realize Google did too. Interesting. GCP does have support engineers who work with you on things. Does the pressure sensitivity work well for you in Krita? Wait, it looks like you don't want what Youtube is today at all. There's no way I'm going to go through a legal notarization process and pay a price to show what my model of dashcam looks like. I don't really care about being Content ID'd or DMCA'd. I don't want a tool where I have to pay money and go through some bloody legal process to upload a video. Getting a DMCA takedown rarely is far preferable to me. Instead of trying to ruin my YouTube, why don't you go create LegalTube or something where things are like what you say. I spent way too long after Win 98 came out messing around with the gradient on the window border. Then Win XP came out and that was crazy. Then I tried Gnome and it was superlative in comparison. Honestly, maybe it was because we had nearly nothing. Everything was new and magical. Now we start with a high baseline. Everything is already pretty good. A redesign rarely gives me more. So stim everyone again. That's just a tax on the entire population that will give the poorest some spending power. Stim everyone really hard. Consumer-level QE, HM, whatever. Apply stim to forehead. Haha, the original story is straight out of The Daily WTF. I'm cracking up. I'm not really going to read the HN responses or the responses to the HN responses since the whole thing seems like Internet Drama™ but the original post is condensed comedy. 2 minute timers to finish tasks like naming a dog! Love it. Hopefully, it is made clear to you that the team operates as a high-trust cooperative and you can self-select out of that environment since you find it undesirable. You and this style of team are incompatible. I would also like very much to pretend to be working from Washington and pay no state tax, while living in California. Auto workers have a skilled tradesman classification and other classifications and most aren't skilled tradesmen. They still perform pretty complex tasks. It's just a term, like how in insurance contracts you'll read "Act of God". That doesn't mean that State Farm is a theistic organization that believes that supernatural beings are imposing earthquakes upon us. This is what everyone I know does but that's because they're all smaller companies and each individual is pretty valuable. At Facebook, each individual is just a statistic at the margin. They cease to operate as individuals and more as a market for lots of labour. That can't be helped. If I had a 100k size org, I wouldn't hesitate to set (overall) compensation targets at regional top prices with instant adjustment. It's also tax fraud unless you fix that part. Only listened to one Joe Rogan episode: with John Carmack. He doesn't know shit about the field but he did wonderfully inviting him. Don't know if it's his editing or questioning or JC himself but it was great. I've only heard the audio and didn't realize. Wow! He's great then. A superlative interviewer. You guys ever realize this stuff just skips you by? I had to re-read the article headline to see it said that. If you were to have asked me to summarize the article I would not have been able to describe any confusion around this and would have described it as straightforwardly non-influential. But how? Have we co-evolved alongside weird headlines to just shove that into the /dev/null of our memory? So that when we see text that's interpreted as filler we just instantly discard it? For instance, just trying out a quick recollection of the thing from memory, I have: "Teachers, upset with fixed pedagogy, decided to run a performance art project on students which they called the Locked Room. Students would show up to class at 1000 and leave at 1630, allowed to leave only for tools. The content of the room would be varied and sometimes students would show up only to find their stuff moved around. Some students didn't like this, and some remember it as having been a bonding experience. Eventually that class was split into streams with one being traditional, something that a filmmaker called Tony Hill took. It overall didn't have much impact. They did have outdoor sections, one of which had students blindfolded or something." Reminds me of a comment on HN which I saw where someone said "If I were to start a class on X I would first tell students 'X is the most important thing you will learn'" and my first thought was that students would instantly /dev/null that because it's like a telomere for knowledge. A signal that information is about to follow but that the signal itself is not meant to be recorded. So no student would conclude that X was the most important thing they would learn. But all students would have exited alternate thoughtstreams and the length of that sentence gives them time to sync to the lecturer. I'm sure linguists have some obvious term for these header/footer bookends. Sometimes you get a long article in The Atlantic and it's almost all header/footer and you suddenly notice but otherwise you just bite through the bun to the meat without even noticing. Thanks, that's useful. I think that's just a need to introduce conciseness to the situation. It's less about comprehension and more about "despite an express general request, the device (in this case, a dog) responds differently in this specific situation, unless receiving a countermanding specific command". i.e. it's not about cognition, it's about the tool (in this case, the dog) having certain behaviour. For instance, consider a hypothetical system with pop up dialog boxes requesting confirmation (yes undo is better, etc.). A user hits Del signaling they wish to delete an entry from a list, and a popup is displayed requesting confirmation. The user hits Enter within 10 ms of the appearance of the popup but the system ignores the input. One might describe this as "The program understands that the user did not actually confirm since they did not have sufficient time to do so" and not actually mean "The program acquired sapience within 10 ms and proceeded to overrule the human". It's a classic WP mistake to not turn on one of the WP cache plugins (WP Super Cache, for instance). It's less about knowing scalability and more about just ever thinking whether your blog can have more than your 6 friends visiting it. That's my point. It's just tool behaviour being described and not cognition. Are you in a position where you have been offered this? No founder I know has. I, too, agree. Facebook is just an extension of the open society. People always blame Facebook when the existence of Internet forums has always led to radicalization of individuals. Facebook's crime is making forums accessible to all. These are just your fellow people. This is how they are in the situation that they're in. So be it. Let them speak to others like them. The cost of that is many angry people. The benefit of that is that folks like me can find my people. That benefit outweighs the cost. This is just the price of the open society. This is interesting. I wonder if kids can then take that and transfer it over. Bottles and Pencils are obviously different but kids at table A and kids at table B are both kids. Even more problematically, the equation appears to work. I suspect there'll be some amount of dissatisfaction here and the kids won't understand. I'm sympathetic to this position. I've heard people say the same about YouTube and I don't have a concrete position on this. On one hand, if someone were to tell me "The Mexicans are ruining America" and I were to say "Damned right! Who else do you know who says these great and grand truths about America?" I would expect that person to introduce me to more people like them and my radicalization and engagement would increase out of my own desire to have more of this thing. That aspect of Facebook's recommendation engine just seems like a simulation of a request for more like what I want in a very obedient manner. That is, the tool is actually fulfilling what I am expressing I desire. On the other hand, the inputs are inscrutable and not clearly editable. For instance, suppose I look at myself and say "God damn it, some of these things I'm saying are really bigoted. I don't want to be like this", I cannot actually self-modify because there is no mechanism on Facebook to modify the inputs. It'll select for me the content I have these auto-preferences for but not the ones I have higher order preferences for. Essentially it's a fridge that always has cake even though I want to lose weight. So, yeah, I'm sympathetic that I cannot alter the weights on my recommendation and say "I want to clear your understanding of the person I want to be. Stop reinforcing the one I am now." Certainly the recommendation engine is a flaw. I do like recommendations though and that's my favourite way of browsing YouTube in the background. It's pretty good at music discovery. So, perhaps it needs to be only opt-in. Imposed by choice rather than by default. It still has to be possible to turn it off. Even then, I'm not sure. This is an ethical question I've been thinking about for ages: Is it ethical to allow someone to make a choice that could be detrimental and that they cannot recover from? What are the parameters around when it is ethical? Opting in to recommendations could be a one way trap. That's a pretty good point. Thank you. Something I think about often is how wrong data still adjusts the weights and moves your position disproportionate to its true likelihood. It is not. Though it wouldn't be too hard to adapt, I think, if it was noted at the beginning of a text. For it to take, it would have to power some influential result, sort of like how the summation convention in tensor notation works (something that infuriated me as a kid). I don'y understand why you just don't make your own site instead of ruining the one we like. Haha you’re welcome. Every Wordpress user does this at least once. Not a response to parent comment, but does anyone know of studies of people that describe their self-assessment? My impression is that most people think they're weirder than they are, i.e. most people fall within a band of what everyone would call normal, but they often self-assess as weird in one way or the other. i.e. for parameter X which typically ranges between x and x' and for which people estimate themselves at x1, they typically severely underestimate the size of the range (x,x') and conclude that x1 is outside it, when it's really inside it. Haha, but is it the case that maybe those people (or perhaps even everyone) tell everyone else at some point that they're weird? i.e. one problem with this is that if someone calls lots of people weird, their calling you weird isn't significant. And I'm certain everyone has been called 'weird' at some point in their lives, so merely having been called weird is insufficient to actually be weird. That is interesting, but if you shift ten years back from there, the kids from that time went through: * Operation Desert Storm * The early 1990s post-war recession, and its jobless recovery * The Asian and Russian recessions (and the LTCM collapse) and knock-on effects Go back 10 years from that and you have: * Early 1980s recession * Black Monday HN's predictions are solidly in "less space than a nomad" territory. I think the predictive value is nil. I think it might be slightly negative, i.e. if you trade on the naive opposite of the aggregate HN opinion, you might make money simply out of HN's anti-incumbency predilection combined with the Lindy effect. The classic Dropbox comments and the glee at FB hitting some low stock price, $19? Yeah, that makes sense. It's hard to use the instrument of judgment itself to judge itself. I'm more wondering about a healthy individual. Okay, this is really cool but I don't want to "create a snowpack app". I just want a "If you're using webpack + babel and want more speed, do this" thing. With the webpack dev server builds aren't too bad for the size of thing I'm working on. Yeah, I thought it was easy to understand. Single file builds are O(1) in the number of files in the project. This is probably better described as "incremental compilation" or some variant, though. That's a good point. The webpack-dev-server also has incremental builds so I don't understand what this does differently. The big companies often end up ghosting the guys they don't want to hire. A long time ago, I was an intern and got fully ghosted by Nvidia. It was very annoying but my life probably worked out better for it.