To be fair, I don't recall anyone of import advocating that economics is a natural science. Look at any university course catalogue and it is wedged pretty firmly in the social science department where it should be, along with the other fake sciences like psychology and sociology (though I would have to call it a continuum of fake, with clinical psychology on the "closer to real" end and sociology on the "just making junk up" end). Unfortunately, I suspect that there is too much incentive to "make observation fit one's expectations" in these fields. Conversely, what purpose does non-scientific quantum physics serve? Beyond weaseling more research money, pretty much nothing. But making economics and sociology say things that aren't held up by observation can, and most often does, lead to vast political and social change. Very surreal. I don't know if anyone here knows, but Curtis Jackson started out in life as a drug dealer. Here's how I gain respect as a programmer. I complete my work on time, I do brilliant work, I don't abide cheesehead managers wanting to set unrealistic schedules, and I maintain a certain level of deliberate eccentricity to keep everyone guessing. Now, nobody wants to piss me off because they're too afraid I'll quit and leave everyone in a lurch. How you are perceived in your career is entirely up to you. Were SQL developers never taught the importance of reducing code duplication? Seriously, I see it a lot "in the wild". Databases that are filled with duplicated data, duplicate procedures, duplicate views. It's a bit sickening. I agree with you in principle, that SQL developers are definitely needed, I just think that anyone espousing to be a programmer should be capable of proper database design and programming. Well, I guess the people who aren't are usually not that great at imperative programming either... Isn't this more accurately called a Delta Robot? I print upwards of 20"x30" with my 8MP DSLR. That's significantly larger than most people ever get prints done in their home. Shooting digital also greatly reduces my packing load when travelling. I have 16GB of CF cards, taking up less space than a pack of cards. I struggle to fill 8GB in an entire week of shooting while travelling. At a certain point "more detail" is just wasted effort. You're not going to stand right on top of a 15' tall blown up photo, counting film grain OR pixels. Here's another question. What does Ken Rockwell have to fear from digital photography? Seriously, why else would he expend so much effort debunking this "conspiracy" (his words "(digital) raw is actually a conspiracy to addict you to having to buy software the rest of your life")? It's the Kodak conspiracyyyyyyyyy! I very definitely write code as part of my design process. Code is free. It's not like building a shed where nailing some boards together to see how a truss should work costs money. Banging on some keys to see how sockets should interplay is free (disregarding time, but we're already engaged in "design", and I presume we are interested in "the right answer, sometime" instead of "the wrong answer, today"). So I code as part of my design process. I might throw that code away. I might keep a function or five. Who knows? But there is no way to know what the design is going to look like until you know all of the limitations, and the only way to know all of the limitations is to actually take a peek. Oh no! Someone call Bernanke! We need to stimulate the film photography industry! bullshit. The cause of obesity is and always was gluttony. Quit trying to apologize for overeating. I don't care if "you have a low metabolism". Quit listening to the FDA's bullshit on what a "balanced" meal means. You need to figure it out for yourself. We should all be angry, because a culture of denying accountability is about to saddle us with the biggest paternalistic program of transfer payments ever. We're going to get to pay for Bubba's heart surgery because he couldn't control how many cheeseburgers he ate in one sitting. While I agree that we shouldn't be paying for it, and that it is the government's fault for making us pay for it, once the "system" is known, shouldn't the overeater be as much to blame? While an individual is still responsible for paying for their own healthcare, then how they abuse themselves is up to him. In a world were others are responsible for his healthcare, he has a social responsibility to not abuse himself, a social responsibility that I am all too sure will be ignored. This is the fundamental issue with paternalistic programs. If you give the public responsibility over a person's well being, they will also require the means to control that person's activities. Unfortunately, I think national healthcare is a foregone conclusion, and not just single-payer-health-insurance, I mean full the "doctors are government employees" thing. Too many people have conflated health care with a right. that sort of grad school is for people who need their hands held to learn things. To me, a lot of this is what the "design" process is for. You have a certain set of requirements that you need to fulfill, so before you set about coding it, you enumerate how it is possible to implement it. Now, I won't go into details like "Use a System.Web.UI.WebControls.Label here", but if it's something that I know my peers don't have much experience with (like apparently the entire System.Drawing namespace, dammit), then I'll specifically indicate in the design that that is an option. It makes for a much more streamlined process for development. No, it doesn't answer all of the questions that come up in coding, but it certainly slays the big dragons. GUI wc is context menu option in file manager. Creative inspiration is not a bolt of lightning that hits you at random. It's a process of cascading train-of-thought. If you never get that train to leave the station, you're never going to get anywhere. You need to stop procrastinating and force yourself to work to put yourself in the necessary conditions for creative work to happen. Sitting around, watching movies, eating cheezy-poofs isn't going to do it. Some of the greatest works of art have been created in essentially that situation. The subtly subversive works of artists toiling under the employ oppressive, totalitarian governments, people like Hans Fischerkoesen. While I think there is merit to the concept that "workin' hard is for suckas", I mean that only in what our classical conception of what "working hard" means. Our entire industry, this "Information Technology" thing, is fundamentally about making things that allow people to not work hard. Technology is about being lazy, about avoiding effort where effort is not necessary. Using index cards and typewriters to compose documents is certainly harder work than using a word processor application on a PC. Nobody would ever say there was greater merit in the old way (well, nobody worth paying attention to). It's the distinction between "working hard" and "working smart." So "hard work" in the classical sense seems to mean "sit down, head down, move the pencil, move the pencil, move the pencil." That's toiling. That's not thinking of more efficient ways to "move the pencil". Working hard is a productivity enhancer, but only in a linear fashion. Technology is a productivity multiplier. I refer you to the Robert Heinlein short-story "The Tale of the Man Who Was Too Lazy to Fail," which is provided in his magnum opus "Time Enough for Love". We should be "working hard" on finding ways to be lazy. It's through the pursuit of technologies that allow us to be as productive as we are on less effort that make the big advances in productivity, not "working hard". If you plan the rest of your life out while you're still in your teens, you'll likely end up with a bad plan (because you lack the life experience to know what a good plan looks like), and you will probably miss out on a lot of the nicer things in life. There's something to be said for stepping back and experiencing life now while you're still young and flexible instead of waiting until after you've achieved "success" and are consequentially old and creaky. I routinely use discrete math in "everyday, consultingware". Computer Science, and by extension programming, is fundamentally a study of discrete math. Linear algebra is another field that I use a LOT, and not just in graphics systems. If you think math isn't useful for programming, it's because you don't know enough math. I'm with the OP on this one, I wish I knew more math. I'm certain it would make me a more efficient programmer. In the great conversation-that-is-the-internet, why is what anyone says not important, merely for a lack of notoriety? What does the movie theater do to you when you enter BUT suppress your rights to sing/talk/shout/etc, on the terms that they will let you watch the movie? What does the military do to you BUT suppress your right to freely determine your life, on the terms that they will provide food, shelter, and training to you? If a movie theater would want to restrict your rights to write a negative review, why would you attend that movie theater? If a contract is bad, you don't enter into it This isn't just some schmoe replying to the GNU Manifesto. This is a person replying to comments made about him by Richard Stallman. So it's not " a response to...", it is " the response to..." Holy crap, it's so weird to read something that articulates feelings I've had about ORM systems for years. I really don't think you can fairly call cows sentient. Along with chickens and turkeys, they are some of the dumbest creatures around. They're barely more than walking vegetables. The concept of "Ignorance of the law is no excuse" (Ignorantia juris non excusat) was really only ever meant in the context of natural laws, e.g. murder, theft, rape, etc. These things are so obviously horrible that anyone should know they are wrong. Hence "crossed over that line knowing what he or she was doing." In the realm of political laws, ignorance absolutely excuses. Why should it be obvious that importing orchids requires certain paperwork? While jeremymims didn't explicitly espouse a vegan viewpoint, he did mention the "slaughter [of] 10 billion sentient, thinking animals", an emotionally charged choice of words which in my experience is a characterization that only ever comes from a vegan viepoint. Serious moral consideration is a whole different story than "don't eat them". This article, and thus my statement, has nothing to do with the torture of animals. Most of my meat comes from local farmers, people I know personally, even places I worked when I was a kid. Cattle can and are raised in humane conditions. But when a cow can push against an electric fence, recoil from getting shocked, and then push on the fence again, there is clearly something missing in that cow brain that accounts for learning in other creatures. Cows are not intelligent creatures. "Delicious" is certainly up to interpretation. Additionally, if "meat is murder", then why so many "fake murder" products? I don't really see what the issue is with the article. So hamburgers are a homogeneous mix of meat from multiple cows. I never had deep-seated convictions that they only came from one cow in the first place. Does a bag of frozen vegetable medley come from one plant? Does it even come from one plant per type of vegetable? The question is, what is the benefit of switching? "It's easier." Yes, technically metric is easier than imperial... but imperial isn't that hard . not adhering to handling standards is a different issue than "mixing meat from different parts of the cow and different cows". And if you're going to act like that, then it's poetic justice that a lot of vegans are malnourished. did you really just tell me to "lurk moar noob"? Torture was never mentioned by anyone other than the anti-meat crowd here. it's a defective house boat. Here's the thing that I find tragically hilarious about this conversation: you can't get people this riled up about their local school superintendent embezzling money. I love JavaScript as a language, there are some neat things in it (not the least of which is expando object, whoo), but there are much better tools than it for doing application development (even if we go no further than Flex or SilverLight, we've improved dramatically over JavaScript in terms of project management and toolchain availability). If you're worried about namespacing, then you're using the language with the intention of a real application programming language. There are other ways to get code to client in a web-accessible way that doesn't mean "AJAX everywhere!" I would say you have spun AIDS I know a lot of people who put "Eclipse" and "Visual Studio" on their resumes. I think it's reasonable because there are very rarely any such things as standards in software development. Municipal building codes are standards. Drug testing regimens are standards. Programming languages are not standards. At best they are conventions, and only insofar as certain niche subset industries are concerned. As for de facto standards, I don't think we should be paying much attention to them. I think it's very important to draw the distinction that software development currently has no standards (you might be able to argue for TCP/IP, where alternatives are only ever used because they fulfill some unique use case not covered by TCP/IP), because for as much as we want to call this industry "software engineering", we sure as hell don't treat it like any other field of engineering, for many of the reasons already mentioned. I think the first step is to sit down and agree on some terminology. You can't even get two programmers to agree on what "Object Oriented Programming" means. No wonder we aren't treated like professional engineers. We don't act like them. Always a fan of INTERCAL. Malbolge is a good one, too. I've personally found that people who got into programming before the dotCom boom don't need to worry about a lack of degree, people who got in after absolutely need a degree. I wouldn't say that using Python for scripting is even a de facto standard in that sense. Don't make the mistake of assuming your experiences are normative. I generally don't consider it as "we're dating" until at least the 3rd or 4th date. The first few dates are tryouts for "dating". He falls into a number of fundamental paradoxes in his reasoning. He asserts that profit is evil, which is essentially saying that time spent procuring resources is not a cost that can be recuperated through monetary compensation. He almost even comes out and says time isn't a cost when he says he'd think it evil to sell something he found while dumpster diving, "how can you sell something you get for free?". He didn't get it for free, he got it through the time effort of dumpster diving, a recurring cost that has a random (though apparently positive) payoff. Yet his entire motivation for "dropping out" is to use his time as he sees fit, because it is the most precious thing to him. He asserts that trade requires someone to be "the sucker", yet he justifies his couch surfing by offering his friends services instead of money. Trade fundamentally requires that both parties agree that the trade action is advantageous to both of them; total value increases for both parties, separately and combined. He is absolutely engaged in a purely capitalistic system of free trade, completely unfettered by the dead-weight loss of tax systems, and does nothing but deride the one economic system that dragged the human race out of abject poverty. Not to be too harsh here, but... I've been using "difference tables" (without calling it that) since I was 10 years old. I don't mean this to be bragging at all, because I didn't think (and still don't think) it was at all remarkable. It's just a basic method of analysis. 2+2=5 for sufficiently large values of 2 I actually like to hold on to the idea that the universe is non-deterministic. It keeps the concept of free will alive. "The government has intervened to save many of them, and now, these bailed out banks want to hand out billions in bonuses to their non-performing employees" So presumes the author that the people who are ostensibly receiving "billions" in bonuses are the same people who pushed this over-leveraging scam. All bankers are equal, none managed wisely. "And thus, we lose Berkeley Ph.Ds in nuclear physics to hedge funds and MIT computer scientists capable of delivering computing to 6 billion people to derivative manipulation on Wall Street." So presumes the author that nuclear physics and democratization of computing are more noble pursuits than finance. What he forgets is that mortgage-backed derivatives really did reduce risk for really bad mortgages. This was a phenomenal development, we could get more people into houses while not losing our shirts in the deals. Unfortunately, those same mathematicians weren't the ones employing this great tool that they created. "When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail." It's not that mortgage-backed derivatives were wrong or evil or bad, it's that they were grossly overused. They reduce risk, they don't eliminate it, so when the scenario in which that risk turned to losses came true, the losses were too much to handle. But, few people saw the risk for what it was because the Fed suppressed the price of money to lower-than-market rates, explicitly encouraging this sort of speculation. Price floors lead to shortages, this is a basic tenet of Capitalism. Is it any wonder that the entire nation is over-leveraged? Without the manipulation of the Fed, the price of money (interest rates) would have been much higher and this sort of speculation would not have happened. "Hard to counterfeit" is the key point there. The difference between gold and dollars is that dollars are very, very easy to counterfeit. Just get Congress to order more from the Treasury! Why is writing good code slower than writing bad code? I'd rather write good code once, now, rather than bad code now and good code later. You write like you have a crystal ball and can see the future. There is no telling what "letting the banks fail" will do for the long term. However, we do know that increasing national debt to the degree that has been done is not good. Why should we treat the action of the government differently from the same actions of citizens? Wouldn't it be wrong for a government to murder people with no provocation? Wouldn't it be wrong for a government to kidnap people and hold them captive in a secret location? Why then is it fine for the government to debase the currency, and therefore destroy the value of any accounts held in that currency? This is the current global strategy to the debt crisis: inflate it away. If we (we being the government and central banks as a colluding entity) inflate the dollar 100:1, then the "toxic" debts are only 1% as bad as they were before. And we get to keep the houses we evicted everyone from, and sell it back for the new, inflated valuation. I never made that valuation, you made it for me. I said that the author implied finance was a lesser career choice than nuclear physics, then provided an example where statistical analysis can be used in finance to provide a social good. Not all bad-credit people are bums looking to default on their loans, skirting the credit collectors as long as they can, living on the underbelly of society. But people who were hit hard by a disaster, made a few mistakes in the past, or are just getting started out are lumped in with the deadbeats. Unfortunately, there is no way to tell them apart, based on financial numbers. By minimizing risk in dealing with these types of loans, the people who are legitimately trying to improve their lives are given an avenue to show they are responsible enough to own a home. There is still risk involved, but the construct is not inherently deceiving about its risk level. The problem was over-leveraging on this type of activity. Even over-leveraging on mutual funds and money market funds can make you lose your shirt. "an accounting trick to statistically suppress risk" Mortgage-backed securities as a construct unto themselves are no more an "accounting trick" anymore than accident, life, or health insurance policies are "account tricks". Regardless, "risk" is nothing but a probability factor anyway. Risk is the probability of losing money on an investment, not the certainty of it. To organize assets together in vehicles that allow the earnings of the winners offset the losses of the losers, you're not performing accounting legerdemain, you are reducing actual risk. "That is what commodity-based money gives you. Whoever produces or purchases that commodity has an effect on the money supply." But in that sense, nothing has changed for fiat currency. Fiat currencies are still produced and purchased just like commodities, with the exception that governments can produce all they want to get a leg up on that game. That's what they use monetary inflation for, to cheat at currency trading and bonds games. My point is that nobody should be "in charge" of a currency. Currencies came about through consensus in the market, not through government mandate. Nobody has the right to be the final arbiter of all "dollars" any more than anyone has the right to be the final arbiter of "time" (the only truly important resource) or "air and water" (the first truly vital resources). Monopolies are not good, especially monopolies that come about through force, which is as governments are. In a society that is claims to be free and equitable, having a super-citizen government is not equitable. A single, mandated currency is a borderline oppressive idea. There are laws against "undermining the ubiquity and stability of the dollar". They're used against people who want to mint their own coins of their own design and use them in transactions with people willing to accept them. If people want to use something other than dollars for transactions, then more power to them. Hell, publicly traded corporations already do it, often using their own stock holdings as a medium of trade for merger deals and such. When you look at the plethora of trading (I mean this in the generic sense, not the Wall Street sense) options available to anyone with enough wealth, I think it starts to become clear that financial and monetary laws and regulations are really only meant for the working classes. It's not that far off from other products offered by Logitech http://www.logitech.com/index.cfm/mice_pointers/mice/devices... here's a 15 button mouse built for World of Warcraft http://campaign.steelseries.com/us/ Doesn't everyone know this already anyway? Windows wasn't the first operating system. Firefox wasn't the first browser, neither was Internet Explorer. Google wasn't the first search engine. Apple didn't make the first MP3 player or smart phone. Facebook wasn't the first social networking site. Wikipedia wasn't the first online encyclopedia. If you think you need to be first-to-market, then you know what you haven't isn't that great and you're just banking on novelty. "Build a better mousetrap" blah blah blah. I think projects like Clojure are showing that the Java platform isn't necessarily about the Java language anymore, that the runtime and the class library can be used to great effect while getting passed Sun's unwillingness to evolve the language. When was the last time Sun updated the bytecode format? I seem to remember it has been quite a while, like 1.3. I don't know, I haven't been steeped in Java for the last 3 years. Can you imagine someone 2 millennia from now finding Amelia Earhart? Will they even know who she was? Will they be able to figure out the purpose of the machinery around her, or will they be so far removed from the age of mechanical, piloted flight that they will have no context to understand what it is? Will there be enough left to determine that it was an airplane? Will they even believe we had the power of flight, before we ever had computers, scoffing, "how could they have flown? Such primitive people could never have managed all of the equations necessary for flight in their heads in real time." But they do nothing but market the iPod Touch, which is nothing more than a crippled iPhone, as a hand-held gaming device. Big ol' Whiskey Tango Foxtrot on that one. That's assuming our records survive. I'm not entirely sure they will, especially with the push to digitize records. The great thing about analog storage, especially text on paper, is that it is at least partially recoverable after being damaged. A library full of books that have been sitting at the bottom of a newly formed sea for 1000 years has at least a little information in it that can be saved. A stack of foil-backed disks, magnetic tape, or magnetic disks that have done the same? Is the information density too high for there to be enough error correction? Also consider, will future generations even be able to figure out how to read our digital formats? What if 1000 years from now, data is stored in a completely different way than we have currently ever imagined, and has been stored that way for so long that nobody remembers digital storage? Will a future person look at a DVD and know they need to bounce a laser beam off of it to be able to read it? Will they know that it has tracks of pitting patterns that need to be transliterated into bit patterns that then need to be decoded into semantic data? Will they know that CDs are different from DVDs are different from Bluray? At least with text-on-paper, you can immediately see with the bare eyes that something is there, and the only task left is the decoding to semantic data. Even if we can make sure we are storing our data properly, we store so much more data now, will they be able to find anything of interest within the deluge? I get so many emails in a single day that I can't find important emails from as little as 3 days ago, I absolutely depend on search in order to get to them. Not only that, but how will future people differentiate between the important historical data--who did what and when--from the mundane logging information? Well, they aren't stupid for this reason . I'm just saying that it doesn't compute that "Apple hates gaming". They are pushing gaming rather much harder than any other smartphone platform right now. Humans tend to assume that their experiences are normative, and are surprised to see instances where their experiences are not shared. As a personal example, my friends are usually significantly shocked to learn I haven't seen the movie "The Boondock Saints". Yet they think nothing of the fact that they haven't seen Salvador Dali's "Un Chien Andalou", which I have. Our values are informed by our experiences, so we also tend to assume our values are shared by others. Assuming one's values are normative leads to assuming that the fact they aren't reflected in the world must be the result of some external entity, a secret society, or this nebulous "the system". Instead, if one assumes that one's views aren't normative, then it is clear why one's views are not reflected in the world in aggregate: it's a simple tautology. Occam's Razor applies. "The system" is not an entity unto itself, it is intractable from the people within it, it is nothing more than the people within it. The "invisible hand of the market" is merely a short-hand, anthropomorphizing term for "the aggregate activity of the people within the poorly defined borders of 'the market'." If something isn't a particular way, it's because "most people" demonstrably do NOT concede your point, or if they do, do not assign such great importance to it as to warrant change. I don't like that elderly care personnel are paid less than middle managers either, but I'm not suggesting to force everyone else to make that valuation. When you say, "we as a society have to find a way...", and if you are suggesting that way be via government intervention, then really you're saying, "I want to force everyone else in society to pay for my way..." (undemocratic, even totalitarian). Then we have to write a new tax code to pay for it, and we get this situation here in the OP. If instead you are suggesting that you will live by example and proselytize to your fellow man to do the same, then really you're using "the invisible hand of the market" to enact the change you desire. Correct. There are any number of things that a person can do . The problem is, what are things that one can do that are effective, as well as avoiding trampling on other liberties in the process? The "use government" route is fraught with moral hazard and unintended consequences. It appears it was round about the time of JRE1.5. Actually, that was the last major runtime update, that doesn't mean the bytecode format changed, though obviously how the runtime reacts to the bytecode is a significant consideration when developing a new language. Anyway, it doesn't seem like the JRE is a largely moving target. I wear a kilt on occasion. I wore it to work one day. Technically, I was compliant with the dress code, as there was no mention of sex anywhere in the dress code document. So it's the victim's fault for dressing like a woman? I'm sure rape victims are at fault for dressing so provocatively, too? I also believe that the failings of the group are always the failings of the leadership. If bullying is rampant in a school, it's because the school administration doesn't do enough to punish bullying. By banning cross-dressing, they only reinforce the bully's belief system. Hey, thanks for putting the word "porn" directly in the URL itself. I'm sure the company content filters are going to love that. In order for bullying to stop, the environment must be absolutely toxic to them. If they tease someone for how they dress, the only solution is to encourage that sort of dress in all of the students, as a show of solidarity against the bully. By banning it, you only validate the bully's world view, showing him or her that their "heart was in the right place," but that their methods were lacking. "Don't use violence, use regulation!" "it seems to me" that "many" is a word used by people who have no evidence to back their claims. it would definitely need a "hammer_time" command. you can't copyright single words. I see a whole lot of programming and absolutely no functional, technical, or graphic design. This isn't "learning how to create web applications", this is "learning how to be the last team member on a web application project." This is a problem that I have with the current state of "software developer" programs at most of today's universities, be they Computer Science or Software Engineering degrees. They give the student the impression that they actually know the subject by the time they graduate when they've really only taught the easiest, smallest part--the programming, and usually rather poorly. Most graduating computer science students are going to go into a software development position, probably web development, so it is good that Stanford is at least introducing students to the, erhm, "unique" challenges that crop up in web dev. But they're missing some of the most important lessons, like what a project life cycle looks like, why the principles of security must be the 1st consideration, not the last (how many times do people make a thumbnail project with no auth or permission mgmt and then graft it in after?), how to design a non-trivial database, how to make pages that look somewhat decent (and no, it doesn't take an artist, you can easily do a site survey and just ape the current trends, something any copy-pasta programmer should be able to do), how to approach a project as more than just a seat-of-the-pants hacker. Some programs touch on all of this stuff, but they never inculcate them as essential elements, they are all presented as tertiary to programming. The number of new hires (all but one, and that kid actually turned out to be a college dropout. Unfortunately the company got rid of him even though he knew his stuff because he lied about having a 4 year degree) that I've had to teach what a prepared statement was has been really rather ludicrous. In a basic CRUD web app, there should be no reason to be building string-based queries, ever . I don't think you should feel guilty. This is the nature of our work. There are days where you "feel" it and days where you don't. There are days when there is a lot to do and there are days when you're in a holding pattern to see what's happening with something. At least here in Pennsylvania, the state labor board actually recognizes this fact and has classified software development professionals as "salaried, exempt" status, meaning there is an expectation of huge variation in hours worked, sometimes plus, sometimes minus. Unfortunately, most employers just use it as an excuse to force employees to work constant plus with no overtime pay. acta non verba GMail Beta started out invite-only, and was that way for quite a while, thought by the time I got into it, I didn't have any friends who needed an invite. From the teachers I know, and I went to a university that is traditionally a teaching school, they don't use their minds much at all. Most teachers aren't dedicated to the job, they're just looking for a job. They show up, punch the clock, zombie their way through the day, go home at the end of the day, and repeat the next day. Not really an excuse. Layers of abstraction are all about hiding difficulties with using APIs. If PHPs API for accessing prepared statements is cumbersome, then write a wrapper around it that solves the problem once. Hell, I even did it for ADO.NET. ADO.NET is not that hard to use, but a surprising number of developers get a lot of the details wrong, such as when to open and close a connection (i.e. NOT once for every query) and when to dispose objects (at least at some point in the object's lifetime, please!). So, I wrote an ADO.NET wrapper that handles all of that stuff, providing an incredibly thin, simplistic interface. It's been very useful to me, and hopefully other people can find it useful, http://sqlsiphon.codeplex.com Yeah, HTML scraping ESPN.com is not very hard. I did it for college basketball once in a strange sort of database that attempted to predict March Madness brackets. It worked really well for teams that had encountered each other during the season... except only 2 or 3 pairs of teams had ever played each other during the regular season. Works much better on NBA and NFL games, where there are far fewer teams, they see each other more often, and the rosters are a little more static. An semantic equivalent to an "#include" or "using" statement that looked for the library on a central repository instead the local disk, automatically managing caching and versioning. Yeah, but I prefer real solutions, regardless of how ugly they are, rather than wishful thinking for so-called "elegant" solutions. only 5, huh? Uhm, YouTube being big before adult websites adopting flash video isn't really true. And HD-DVD failed because Bluray offered porn and video games. how is this different from a flat-twin? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flat-twin "just do." I know that sounds rather cliche, but it's something that I've found a lot of beginners are missing. They spend a lot of time trying to find the "best" way to do something before they start doing it. Really, just do something. You'll learn from the experience either way. You'll probably learn more than if you had found the maximal solution first. I probably learned more about programming by hacking together a simple role playing game in Javascript+DOM in 2001 than my next 3 years of college and 5 years of work. That 8 year old code still worked up to the point GeoCities died, and then it was gone permanently. Not a big loss, but it was nice to see that it survived a myriad of browser updates. I learned tons about what made good, readable code just from having to live with it. I learned a lot of the art of optimization because of how much Javascript sucked at the time. But more importantly, I learned that it was more important to get-it-done than to be working in what was popular (you would not believe the flack I caught for not using C for it, even though I was also learning C as well and just wanted to do something in Javascript). I don't think such things existed at the time. At any rate, the code was 100% new and performed no browser checking, but still worked exactly the same on all browsers. It took me a month to do what I could do in a day now, but it was a great learning experience. I've started a new project recently, maybe about 10 hours of work into it, that is a chess game, 100% new Javascript, so far 100% cross browser compatible (with no features planned that would break that), with no browser checking. It's actually not that hard if you're smart about your debugging (don't use alerts, use try/catch and write out to a div). What is "correct" but "sufficient for the needs of the task"? If your method is not sufficient for a future need, you will only discover that by doing more . Well, considering the article is from 1999 (hell, I didn't know FlipCode was still even around these days), "back in the day" scripting game engines was an emerging idea. It was a very rare project that talked about scripting, in most cases they were completely custom scripting languages, and often not Turing complete. Lua gained popularity, but it was slow, the game industry suffers from a lot of NIH. I tell people I'm a mad scientist. I never noticed a speed issue with TinyURL, so their third point is pretty silly to me. Also, add a 4th point, "Self-Serving: if the target page has moved, we get a chance to serve you a redirect with our ads on it". They wouldn't have any way to know for certain if you could get to it, but they would be able to tell for certain if you couldn't get to it, because they can't get to it from anywhere on their worldwide network. Something is better than nothing. Actually, the current understanding is that the drones were hacked by insurgents specifically funded by the Iranians, so... I don't even like the idea of microblogging, so to me this is about as big of news as hearing that the IRA managed to bomb a backyard chicken coop. ed: didn't mean hacked, I know it was just a matter of listening to the data feed, not actually doing anything to the drone. Well, #iranelection was the #1 most popular news topic on Twitter in 2009, according to their blog ( http://blog.twitter.com/search/label/2009 ), so there is an actual motive available. That's kind of sad. You can't call people? You can't email them? well, he mentions hating OO languages because it makes it hard for him to program in a style similar to C. That's a bit like saying you hate hate hammers because they don't work with screws very well. The point still remains that he arrived to this conclusion by misusing his tools. The problems of inheritance are not a universally recognized truth. There are plenty of OO advocates who believe that inheritance is perfectly fine. Maybe the issue with inheritance in OO languages is people misusing their language. So design errors and language feature misuse are less likely in procedural languages like C? Come on, that's ridiculous. You can't judge a language by the people who misuse it, otherwise nobody would be using JavaScript and HTML these days. Sometimes complexity is intractable. There are no silver bullets. This article is waaaay off base. First of all, NASA is trying to get into faster launch cycles, that's the entire point of the whole reusable rocket projects. Second, nobody can complain with the shuttle software defect rate: the last 11 versions had a total of 17 defects ( http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/06/writestuff.html ). Seventeen . If anything, the rest of the world could learn a lesson from NASA, especially in the realm of medical technology. > Anyways... A lot of rappers are ex-drug dealers. As a result, many of them are business-savy. I feel Jay-Z is the best example of this. L.L. Cool J., Missy Elliott, and Kanye West are just a few highly influential artists who have no known history of drug dealing or other criminal activity. And I think Stephen Levitt goes a long way to disproving the whole concept that "drug dealers are savvy businessmen" ( http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_levitt_analyzes_crack_econom... ) "We are constantly inventing new and better ways to write software". Name one "new" thing in the last 10 years. Whatever you come up with, I bet there is a reasonable analog from 20 or even 30 years ago. We know practically nothing concrete about software development. Even the concepts of RAD and Agile which are so popular today have been around for 30 years. "Also remember, this is the guy who gave the world C++". Yes, one of the most popular object oriented languages that is still suitable for systems programming. What of it? For all the complaining about C++ as an ideal tool, it's been incredibly successful as a practical tool. I don't use it, but I have a lot of respect for what it has done. Licensing is an afterthought to his main thesis. His main point is that we have to remove the disconnect between industry and academia. Both parties take pride in being completely separate from one another. This has to end, and that is a cultural change, something that is completely within the realm of doing in less than 10 years. As for the relevancy of licensing, I think there is a certain degree to which one could start certifying software engineers on a project management perspective, because the principals of how one approaches a project and brings it to completion aren't that different from any other project in any other industry. If you're running your project correctly, programming is maybe 10% of the project. That other 90% has a lot to learn from the rest of the industrial fields to catch up and start adopting standard practices. A user's requirements are going to be the same no matter what programming language you use. The way you test the software is going to be the same no matter what programming language you use. Within a specific programming paradigm, how you build the software is a shear matter of syntax, all the parts are going to have to be the same. Just as you can have a suspension bridge versus a stone bridge, I think you could study object oriented programming versus functional programming, and I don't see any reason why we shouldn't expect professional, licensed software developers to know both. COBOL, C, C#, Clojure, C-whatever-next, it doesn't matter. Wood, stone, and iron. The principles haven't changed much at all. No, they aren't. What is unique though is that we have such a complete reliance on software without any sense of how to do it well. We know how to build skyscrapers without them falling down when the first real "user" steps through the front door. We don't know any sort of thing for software development. So I take it the iPhone 3GS has programmable pipe-line graphics hardware? I was just talking with some folken over at gamedev.net about whether or not there were any handheld devices out right now that have shader support. That's really the only big deal here. Graphics engines like Unreal 3 are intended to be very, very efficient. You don't end up with a top-of-the-line 3D rendering engine by being wasteful of processing cycles, and that translates to handheld development universally. The change in rendering paradigm from fixed to programmable pipeline has been the biggest hurdle to getting the latest engines running on "less performant" hardware. After that, it's all content. It makes no sense to use Unreal v1 to push 100,000 triangles when Unreal v3 will push 100,000 triangles a lot faster. I loved the concept of OLPC, but it missed one very vital component: programming instruction. You can't have a digital revolution in 3rd world countries by just handing out tools. You need to also provide instruction in how to use the tools Yeah, that was something that surprised me about the Motorola droid: it's only GLES 1.0, with vague, incomplete support for 1.1. Fixed-function is an unfortunate conceit these days. Programmable pipeline is actually easier to teach to complete noobs. why not? In the real world, just because you happen to miss a deadline doesn't mean the work doesn't still have to be finished. actually, that doesn't sound too absurd Whether or not an appropriate, relevant licensing scheme would be developed is a different issue from whether or not it could be developed. As for the details changing, yes, programming has changed a lot, but programming is such a small part of any project. I don't know, it seems an awful lot like listening to a conference hall for one user's voice commands in an unknown language. Brain-wave activity is largely unknown, not understood, and noisy as hell. There isn't even any concrete evidence that distinct portions of the brain are singularly or wholly responsible for specific tasks. Anything we do related to the brain in this period of human development is not much more than witch doctoring. I rarely need an extension cord for any purpose, and I rarely need it in the same place. Part of the appeal of an extension cord is that it is modular and mobile. With these plugs, I would have to replace every socket in my home. With an extension cord, I need only one. It also comes with me when I move. This is a fix in need of a problem. It failed because of Activision's hubris in believing people were going to spend another $120 on a game after having had 5 Rock Band titles and 10 Guitar Hero titles. It failed because it asked people to aspire to be something nobody wants to be: a dorky DJ. Seriously? A DJ? Why not Jazz Flute Hero while we're at it? if you want moar hackz plz, check out http://hackaday.com Even if we dismiss the jargon, it still demonstrates some really bad grammar. Wow, you just described my very same path into programming, albeit it appears mine was 15 - 20 years after yours. Could you talk a little more about your "fix" for this issue? Was it more of just an epiphany that helped you deal with work related stress? I'm afraid that I can't have the quality of home life that I want if I ditch on my programming career, but I'll never have the quality of career life that I want if I don't. I love programming, but not when it's retardo CRUD sites. source code can often be larger than byte code. My first attempt at a javascript chess game was almost 7 years ago. 159 lines of javascript and html. Unfortunately, it's nothing more than a pieces-on-board sim. It doesn't do anything to control play or prevent cheating. It was college, it was fun http://members.gamedev.net/capn_midnight/chess/chess.html He's not really saying anything new here. We get a too-long overview of the history of the Volstead Act, and then one paragraph cautioning Congress to remember the lessons of Prohibition. There isn't even a hint as to what issue he is referring to. Is it health care, finance, marijuana, carbon dioxide? If he meant all of them, he should have said all of them. NeHe's guides are pretty well recognized now to be damaging to beginners. The code is sloppy and encourages copy-pasta coding by failing to properly explain the purpose of the code it provides. I really have to recommend against the NeHe guides. of all time I think the author makes the fundamental mistake of assuming his experiences are normative. Just because he watches television online doesn't mean the majority of people do. It's certainly trending that way, but for now broadband penetration isn't to the point in the US to supplant broadcast TV. I didn't realize anyone still read traditional news outlets. Well, maybe only slightly sarcastic. This is the death-knell of the traditional news media. When they start actively driving consumers away by charging for services once rendered free, there is no way they will be able to recover. The Internet has enabled citizen journalists to get inside the established media's OODA loop and take them out. Established media is too slow and too antiquated to ever be able to catch up, let alone get ahead and stay ahead. I have one UI pet peeve: mousing over large screens. I look at it this way: when the Apple Macintosh made the mouse popular in 1984, it was with a 9 inch, 512x324 resolution display. I got started computing on a 17 inch, 640x480 resolution display, so not that much larger in terms of usable screen real estate. Now, I have two 22 inch, 1680x1050 resolution displays, one turned vertically. For comparison, I made this image http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/thOvKDvamA7iCeQLCdyGIw?... The red box in the middle is the old Macintosh display. It looks roughly 5 inches across the diagonal. Mousing interfaces haven't changed in any significant way in the last 30 years, but displays have grown astronomically in that time. If arguments against the mouse over text interfaces were contentious back-in-the-day, it's even worse now. My wrists can't take this anymore. Then it becomes an issue to hit buttons. As the screen resolution grows, the percentage of the screen area that the button takes up shrinks. If you increase the speed of the mouse to compensate for the size of the screen, it makes hitting precise targets more difficult. That would be a plugin, the name of which escapes me, that turns the scrollbar for the code editor into a thumbnail image of the full length of code. Yes, that has been my main problem with acceleration, I have never been able to set it to be able to move consistently across the screen in both wide swaths and with precision. Partial work around: using a trackball. The ball has momentum, so I can give it a spin and it will continue to roll. However, this brings up a new issue. Trackballs make mousing in relatively straight lines much more difficult, make image editing a real PITA. Really, most of the screen real estate is completely uninteresting from the perspective of the mouse. Contextual gestures, where sliding the mouse changes the selected control point, I think has potential. If mobile devices "would overtake PCs" then why does everyone still have a PC? What value does this provide to me as a user? I'm not interested in formats for formats' sake, neither am I - as a consumer - interested in "openness"; I'm interested in "workingness". that is phones, not smartphones. And the smartphone that can easily be used for creative purposes past taking shaky videos has yet to be invented. If I want to get work done - writing, coding, drawing, planning - smartphones aren't helping. I've been working for about 5 years now. I've been teaching myself programming for the last 10 years. Since that time, I've always assumed a position of lacking knowledge, always assuming that others knew more than me. In the last year or so, I've realized that that last assumption is often false. I still assume I don't know enough, because nobody ever could, but I realize that, because nobody else does either, what they have to say that does not jibe with my own experiences doesn't hold a lot of water. 5"x8" doesn't fit in my pocket. I have a paper notebook here on my desk that is 5"x8". I never use it. I have a moleskine that goes with me everywhere. It's harder to write in the moleskine than the larger notebook, but then I don't ever have the larger notebook with me, so it doesn't matter. If you're making me give up ergonomic input by giving up the desktop, I need to gain portability. That's why netbooks sucked so hard, input sucked and they weren't more portable than my laptop. The on screen and slideout keyboards on the iPhone and Droid are awful, but at least the devices fit in your pocket. And can we please get over the techy self importance? The iPhone is pretty popular -- amongst geeks and rich people. Most people who have cellphones in general still have the freebie brick or folder that came with their plan. Just because Apple has done something to make a big splash in our pond called the tech industry doesn't mean our pond is large enough to matter to The World. According to this site ( http://www.wirefly.org/news/cell-phone-facts.php ), 72% of the US population owns cell phones. I don't know exactly what they mean by that, but if that's 72% of the approximate 300 million population of the US, then that's 216 million cellphone users in the country. According to Wikipedia, Apple has sold 42 million iPhone units ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPhone ). That's roughly 20% if you aren't accounting for people who have paid for upgrades to the 3G and 3GS models. This page indicates that 16% of the market owns PDAs in general, lumping the iPhone into the PDA category ( http://ticketsdotcom.blogspot.com/2009/09/mobile-trends-amer... ). Significant for sure, but not "taking over the world". Why should we expect a device of less utility than a cellphone to do better? That's my point entirely. Predictions that an " tablet is going to take over the world" are woefully self-interested and fail to consider what "the world" actually means. I'm sure from a technology standpoint, it will be a neat device, but it's only going to matter to technophiles, and even then, only for novelty. If the iPad is the "apple for mom", then what was the iMac all this time? Whatever happened to OS X and "it just works"? My mother and grandmother would be insulted to be told that they need a "simpler" computer. This idea that regular computers are "too difficult" for "normal users" is nothing but pure condescension. Why should we believe that now, after all of the other "simplified computer for 'normal users'/internet appliance" devices to ever hit the market (including Apple's own AppleTV) that this one is going to make it? Not sure about UTF-16, but UTF-8 is backwards compatible with ASCII. A lot of decryption requires having a general idea of what the message contains. If you know that the message is standard English text, then that gives you huge opportunities, like finding keys that make parts of the message decrypt to the word "the". Row 2, Column 2: I know it's blurred, but come on, it's not very professional. Serious question: what is wrong with XHTML? I've been using the XHTML 1.1 Strict DTD for the last 3 years straight, always creating fully validating code. I found XHTML infinitely easier to appease than HTML4. Perhaps not as important, but I've also found that I can create nearly identical XHTML in different Web frameworks (depending on the task), which is important to some of my clients who don't have a lot of resources to upgrade the plethora of legacy systems they operate. I don't mean that as a brag "I'm so great", to the contrary, I've just found XHTML to be much more consistent and far easier to construct via robot than HTML4, meaning I don't have to be "so great" to use it. Being Boston, I'm surprised the cops didn't paint it as a bomb scare. Boston PD has to be neck-and-neck with LAPD for most corrupt police department in the country. The Abu Ghraib protester was first http://www.democracynow.org/2004/6/3/boston_protester_faces_... Then the ATHF thing you referenced http://blog.makezine.com/archive/2008/01/mooninites_from_one... Then a freaking traffic counter that had been put in place by the department of transportation http://www.boingboing.net/2007/02/28/boston-police-blow-u.ht... and the MIT student with the LED sweater http://boingboing.net/2007/09/21/mit-student-arrested.html These are only the ones I know of. Maybe there are more cases of Boston PD going nutso over some imagined bomb threat. It reminds me of the aftermath of 9/11, all of the soccer moms in my rural home town, running around and buying up all the bottled water and duct tape in town, like they expected The Terr'ists to be interested in bombing Middelofnowheresburg, PA. I'm sure Boston is a great city, but stories like these make me never want to visit there, lest I worry if I forgot a half-finished Arduino blinky-light project in the back seat of my car. I don't view Boston as that important of a city for someone to want to bomb it. yeah, Motorola is being rather evasive about it, but we're supposed to get Flash support whenever we do get 2.1 on the Droid. I think it's a very unfair impression. The Xbox 360 and the Nintendo Wii are not competitor products: the people who only have a Wii would have never bought an Xbox 360 in the first place. The Wii is to console games what Flash games are to PC games. Flash games didn't cut into the strategy, shooter, simulation, or role playing genre sales on the PC at all , because the people buying/playing them are not the same people who buy RTS/FPS/sim/RPG games. The Xbox line has been singlehandedly responsible for redefining the console gaming experience. Sony has been playing catchup ever since the 360's release. Agreed. This article expressed especially strange sentiments for an entrepreneurship board. I have a manual in a 200hp compact sports car. Driving around downtown Philadelphia doesn't bother me at all. Opening the source for research software is absolutely vital to the concept of reproduceability. However, this fact of the level of programming training for most scientists is a major issue. A lot of novice programmers tend to fall into a trap of "it runs without error, it must be right." Even expert programmers struggle with verifying that their results are correct; technically, program verification is a mathematical impossibility. So it's a daunting task to start with, reproducing results of software-based research. This is only compounded by the fact that reading source code sucks. Source code is an end result of multiple processes that occur in feedback loops. With just the source code, you never see how the code got that way. It's like showing someone a maze with the start and end points marked but the middle of the map blocked out. Different programmer's conceptions of what constitutes good code varies widely. One man's golden code is another's garbage. Just because the source code is available doesn't mean anyone is going to understand it or be able to work with it effectively. Compounding this all is the fact that few people are going to want to read the source code. Analyzing source code is dull work, maybe the worst job a programmer can take while still doing programming. Most programmers are far happier to discard old code and start from scratch. This is often a bad idea and doesn't lead to a better product, but at least you don't want to kill yourself while you're doing it. When it comes to reproducing algorithmic results, I would prefer having a description of the algorithm, a set of inputs, and a set of outputs. I would then write the actual code myself and see if I get the same results. This, I think, is much closer to the concept of reproducing lab results in the physical sciences. You wouldn't use the same exact particle accelerators if you were verifying the results from a paper on nuclear physics. I'm afraid having access to the raw source code will be used as a crutch where logic errors are missed from reusing portions of code without much thought about the consequences. Take, for instance, the subtle differences in implementations of the modulo operator across programming languages: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modulo_operator#Common_pitfalls It would be great if scientific software were open. Unfortunately, it won't matter a lick if it is. Way to really miss the point of the original article. Users don't care about openness. They only care about workingness. Exactly, and while it would be great if things were standardized to make this job easier, we have to live in reality and do what is necessary for our users. One thing that I struggle with to always keep in mind is that our users are not stupid people. I keep the image of my father in my head -- an incredibly brilliant man who taught me everything I know about arithmetic by the time I was 5, algebra by the time I was 8, then stepped back as I voraciously consumed all of the math books he bought for me, thereby basically ensuring my current success in my current field -- and he can't remember how to send links to websites to his friends. Actually, it's not that he can't remember, it's that he can't decide on the best way, between IMing, or posting on Facebook, or emailing (and if he emails, will he email the link or the HTML itself, and then will it be just the HTML, or a web archive, and will the web archive work for his brother who has always ran Apple hardware, etc. etc.). Our users aren't dumb, for the most part. It's absolutely our failure as an industry to hold each other to a standard of professionalism (and I mean professionalism in the sense of Engineers, not MBAs) to ensure that things are actually usable and adhering to standards. We were cursed by our early adoption by counter culturalists. So we don't know anything about the content of their objection, but we're going to call Adobe assholes anyway? Maybe it's the W3C blocking the release of objections, who knows. This article is woefully thin on actual information, don't jump to any conclusions just yet. When I saw the headset on the doll, I immediately jumped to thinking it was some kind of "tech support Barbie", i.e. a demeaning job, not requiring a degree, barely above janitor at most IT firms, often staffed by people who found out they couldn't hack it in higher education. $6000 a ticket isn't a lot considering the caliber of speakers that they bring in. They're paying the speakers, right? I think it sounds like a great idea. We don't need a one-OS-per-vendor market. Consolidating mobile OSes could be a very good thing. "shorteners are now a fact of life" The only time I ever use URL shorteners is when I'm trying to Rick-Roll someone. Seriously, what is the use case on these things? 8% of weather stations are rated as "poor" (>= 2C error) and 61% of stations are rated as "worst" (>= 5C error). It's not just "one bad thermometer". It's the vast majority of thermometers that are bad. http://www.surfacestations.org/ I can't see that happening often enough for there to be so many different shorteners available, especially with Google and Facebook running their own. I see. So I can lump it in with all of the other useless stuff. They're hidden in an obscure, non-standard UI element known as the "left side bar menu", with cryptically named links "Online Database" and "Resources". http://gallery.surfacestations.org/main.php http://www.surfacestations.org/resources.htm I'm sure you could request it Well, the travel expenses aren't anywhere near what a speaking fee would be, but at least the speakers aren't having to dip in to their own pockets to make a free talk happen. So where does the $6000/ticket go? It seems like a bit more than what would be necessary to cover those costs. Yeah, the socio-political talks are pretty soft-ball, but I really enjoy the tech and art talks. When dealing with potentially the largest user base in the world, any "confusion" is the fault of the design and development team for not designing, testing, and redesigning a user-friendly (for whatever that term is worth) system. I used to have a female acquaintance who would complain that "all men are assholes, every guy I've ever dated has ended up cheating on me." I had a male acquaintance who would complain that "all women are bitches, they give me their number and then never answer when I call." They both didn't like it too much when I pointed out that each of them were the common denominators in their respective problems. When complaints about your company's approach to privacy pop up in large quantities, what's the common denominator? Thousands of "confused" users who don't understand that their privacy wasn't violated/isn't really important after all, or one company with a wrong-headed approach to privacy? When faced with frequent failure, it's not the world out to get you, it's your own failure. But when you have an agenda to push, like focusing on attractiveness over maturity or integrity, looking for quick access to sex instead of building relationships, or creating a master database of people's preferences to serve them the most uniquely targeted ads that they will be the most likely to click on because you don't have a real product to sell, then you tend to ignore the signals around you and push blindly through. So what are you saying? That the activists proclivity to believe anything they want and ignore the rest gives Google carte blanche to dismiss the real issue, to lie ("no one was harmed", really? How can you be sure?), and belittle the honest complaints, for the sake of PR? Is there no ethics in PR? Sounds like someone in school administration sat in on the highschool students' reading of 1984 and picked up a few ideas. I find it laughable that he suggests that the solution to this problem is somehow Communism. and that would be why I said "suggests". I don't believe Buzz was a mistake. I think it was a deliberate action that had an unexpected reaction. I think the execs at Google thought that people didn't care as much about privacy as it turned out we actually do. Set disincentives for failing to finish. For example, register the domain name for your project and buy hosting before you finish. This way, you'll have the ticking clock of hosting fees without any revenue from ads to herd you on schedule. I also enlist the help of friends. I tell people about the projects that I want to finish, and I keep them up to date about them. If I slack off, they ask me "so, how's it going on that project?" One friend of mine has agreed to punch me if I don't finish one particular project. What is the deal here, that he used an alter ego at all or that he didn't reveal that he was using an alter ego to InfoWorld? Personally, I don't have a problem with it, even in the latter case. If you're creating an alter ego, you want to protect your real identity. The fewer people who know your real identity, the more protected it is. If we claim to care about technical matters, we should evaluate claims purely on their technical aspects, not on who made the claims (both for positive or negative). This sounds more like "programmers versus cheese-head managers", not "old programmers versus new programmers" 100mph is clearly not "safe and reasonable" for downtown city streets. Your scenario is absurd and not supported by real world experiences. Why can't you compare apples and pears? They're both fruit that grows in trees and they both have similar use culinary purposes. I can make cider out of both, and the results are actually quite similar. I just moved out to Philly from central PA and the drivers out here are driving me nuts. In the 10 years of driving I did back home, I think I saw 1 person run a red light. Today, I'd be lucky if I got to see only at a single stop on my way to work in the morning. I've been here for 4 months and I've already seen two accidents from people running red lights and stop signs. Ah, the Segway. Remember when they were saying it was going to revolutionize travel, and then when it was revealed to be this dorky scooter, everyone let out a collective "oh..."? When I program "because I love it", I want to be programming on projects that I actually love. That typically means "not the ones at work". Getting out of programming as a career doesn't mean I'm not going to stop programming. On the contrary, it means I'll probably end up doing more of the type of programming that I love because I'm not burned out on programming by the end of the day. Profit is not wrong. Profit is not screwing someone. Any freely contracted trade results in a net benefit for both parties. It has to by definition, or else it wouldn't be entered. When someone says ads are "screwing them over", I have to laugh and wonder what kind of life that person leads that annoying ads are considered an atrocity. If you want to see being "screwed over", look no further than our tax code. Our tax code is a system where one does not own 40% of their life, where there is an explicit understanding that anyone above a certain income level is not going to get out of it what they pay into it, where there has become a rational expectation that the money will largely -- to the order of 90% -- be wasted on bureaucratic inefficiency and corruption. In all of the battlefields of life, you choose online advertisements to rail against? Hell, give Sally Struthers a dollar a day already. Wow, I had no idea that human beings were such simple creatures that they could be compelled to purchase goods and services against their best interests by a simple flashing picture. While advertising is primarily persuasive (there is still a significant informative portion of advertising), there's nothing wrong with being persuasive. You're attempting to be persuasive with your replies in this thread. If being persuasive is being unethically manipulative, then we had better stop all debate right now. This is great for the little mom-and-pop coffee shop type place The "home sewing" comparison is false because you pay for the non-exclusive use of a pattern and the materials to produce your own clothing. People who pirate music aren't paying for any use license and aren't creating their own music. hehe, I only clicked on the comments for this thread because I wanted to see if someone would comment on "dead simple" again. A community's culture is the aggregate decision of the members of that community. If users want it to go one way, then why not? If you don't want the users to define their own culture, then don't call it a community, because it's not. Additionally, if you feel HN would be helped by having more posts of a certain type, then start sharing more posts of a certain type! A lot of this is science with computers, not computer science. Dijkstra is often quoted (though no clue if he actually said it) with a similar expression "Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes." Yes, as the others said, the study of different ways to compute. For example, from the article, "The Eyebrowse project is motivated, in part, by the fact that as researchers, we have no idea how people actually use the web." That's not about computation, that's human-computer interaction, which I think of more as applied psychology melded with graphic design. While there are opportunities to advance the field of analyzing large data sets, that's still more in the realm of advanced statistics than computation. Chapter 7 is the best explanation of macros ever. I'm submitting this here because I know some of you folks really get into tough programming challenges. This contest is the epitome of "release fast". You'd be surprised with how much fun a programmer can pack into a game in 3 hours. Full disclosure: I'm the original author on the thread on the other site. A 10% market share company is going to change the face of computing... in a way that everyone has been predicting for the last 15, 20 years? I somehow doubt it. Has it? The iPhone is popular with geeks and rich folk, and mostly only in the US. Last I checked, such people weren't the majority of people. The iPhone has certainly pantsed WinMobile and Palm... but those were pretty easy targets to begin with. They haven't even come close to touching the global Symbian marketshare. Additionally, I tend to ignore writing advice from people who use incomplete sentences. That page was a travesty. edit: I didn't know this was a comment before I posted this, but it does bring up issues with 'blogging in general. this wasn't clear to me from the link provided. edit: actually, this is an excellent demonstration of bad writing -- or rather 'blogging -- on behalf of whomever runs engineerwriting.jottit.com. The post is a straight copy out of another source, with a link to the source, with no explanation of what is going on, no discussion on the material, no value-add in general. This is something that I struggle with in my link-sharing emails to my friends. After literally thousands of link-share emails, it starts to get hard to say something original beyond "I thought this was funny/interesting/etc", which eventually becomes practically worn into my keyboard. But then this is a good indicator to me that maybe the link isn't worth sharing. If I can't come up with something more interesting to say than "this is funny", then I don't need to be wasting my friends' time with it, because they have their own lists of pages that they peruse and they don't need me filling up their inbox with 25 new conversation threads in a single day. Yes, it's solid advice, but it is basic. If we're talking about "engineers", that probably means they have completed a college degree at some point. If an engineer completed a degree and didn't take a technical writing course that drilled these concepts into their heads, then I question the quality of such an engineer's education. I wasn't aware that this was a comment on another piece. Yes, I use less formal grammar in less formal situations. I even experiment in the minimalist form with haiku and other writing. Knowing now that it was a comment makes a little more sense. Without knowing that, it just seemed like lazy writing. Because you deign to waste our time with it. Putting effort into your writing shows that you have respect for your readers. You know, I feel no sympathy for such people. If the reason they don't know how to write "well-enough" is because they cheated their way through college, then they deserve whatever lack of career opportunities they find themselves in. I quit too. "The games at this time were all pretty good. A consumer could go out, buy a game based just on the information printed on the box, and go home and be pretty sure they'd have a good experience." Rose tinted glasses. They still managed to release buggy, downright broken software. It wasn't about quality, it was about control. you don't achieve quality with anti-competitive terms of use, either. Lisp S-Expressions would have worked, and they've been around forever. JSON is basically a more-verbose sort of S-Expression. Well, what's irritating to me is the reason they've had to "rediscover" it: the prohibitions our government imposes on what private individuals do to their own bodies. Personally, I find Zoho.com to be a lot more feature-complete than Google Docs. There are times when the document editor in Google Docs is downright infuriating when trying to get the right formatting, but Zoho just seems to work. But namespaces are just more data. Namespaces, in my experience, have just turned into a hurdle that requires a bunch of needless element decoration to get it to play nice with XPath. The only place I know of where there is great confusion over what "XML" document you're processing is a browser trying to decide what type of document it's working with, i.e. all of the various versions of HTML and XHTML. That's not an argument for namespacing, that's an argument against forking markup languages. In every case where I've built XML processing services, I always knew what the purpose of the document was ahead of time. Then there's XML Schema. In practice, I doubt few people actually validate documents against an XSD, in the rare cases one actually existed. Have you ever tried writing a reasonable sized XSD? Why are attributes treated differently from elements with a single text node as a child? Why can't I specify that a certain attribute is a prerequisite for another? Why are we specifying document structure and default values at the same time? What safety is type information actually giving me if I have to validate in my consuming service anyway? I've had to process XML documents that claimed to be of such-and-such standard schema, and it invariably turns out untrue. There's always some 11pm job that fails to validate a doc because the author added an extra attribute or misspelled one you don't care about. Eventually, you just turn validation off and start doing things much more dynamically. I've always had to infer the schema from the document itself, otherwise my apps were too rigid for real-world use. Someone else mentioned that S-exprs would need an intelligent editor to make writing them more coherent. I personally think the same is true for XML, as reasonably large (i.e. anything beyond tutorial demonstrations) XML documents will have the same problem of guessing what tags are already closed and which order they should be closed in, if only because their openings have scrolled off the top of the screen. Sure, you know you're closing a DIV tag right now, but which one ? How long did it take to get decent XML syntax validation? While your Lisp interpreter has been sitting there quietly for the last 60 years. Throw in validation against namespacing and schema, and you still need an intelligent editor either way. I don't really buy that XML is human readable, either. You don't read a 5000 line XML document, there's nothing to be gained from reading raw XML in that case (even if you have a raw text editor that can handle the file size). XML might have a slight advantage with being easier to demonstrate for new people learning, but once you get into actually using these tools, you don't ever use them in the "human readable/editable" format. That'd be like managing your finances with nothing but text files. I'm just saying, Lisp was already well understood and parsed by the time XML was invented, and even XML + XSLT isn't even on parity with Lisp. Namespacing and XML Schema just turn out to be conventions that people say they're going to try to adhere to, but never do. Like I said, just like speed limits on roads. I actually use it, especially when I'm trying to go back and forth between email, maps, and music. You might want to edit the title, because when I first read it, it seemed as if it were a statement "Stop talking, start coding" directed at "[the] women in tech". I was immediately reminded of a particularly misogynistic line: "quit all your bitchin', get back in the kitchen", so pretty anathema to the purpose of the article. Back to the topic: I don't think it's an issue of just lacking women in the tech industry. We lack men too. When I was going through college, computer science enrollment and matriculation were at all-time lows; it's going to take years to see the full effects of not being able to replace the first major wave of retiring programmers with enough people of high enough quality. I've had non-programmer coworkers, including managers, call me names like "nerd" and shoot down my ideas without really listening because they assumed I was proposing something "too technical, not practical", and it all really came down to a lack of respect from my coworkers. How can we have people graduating with four-year degrees studying one of the most difficult human endeavors in history entering the workplace in positions that are treated barely better than burger-flipper? In my mind, the issue is not just women not getting the respect and support they deserve in IT, but everyone not getting the respect and support they deserve. And I think the problem is largely cultural, and in part to blame on programmers themselves. The culture of programmers, especially the idealized startup culture that tries to differentiate itself from standard corporate imagery, is defined by people with the emotional maturity level of children. The pinball-machines-in-the-break-room, jeans-and-snarky-t-shirts environment is conducive to attracting geeks and only geeks. Most people in general don't want to be associated with this environment, there just happens to be slightly more men than women who fall into that minority of SciFi-and-comic-books fanatics. I have struggled for years to find the level of respect for my work that I feel I deserve, rather than being "just a code monkey." The epiphany for me was to realize that, if I wanted to be treated like a professional, I needed to act like one. I haven't worn a printed t-shirt to work since. Some days I even wear a suit. There's nothing wrong with wearing a suit to work. I even like wearing a suit now, as I realized that I look much better than just jeans-and-t-shirt. Maybe it's just confirmation bias, but I definitely feel like my voice is heard more often and other, "non-technical" coworkers approach me more freely now. Everyone wants a work environment based on mutual respect. Somehow, slightly more men are just capable of putting up with being treated like crap. This is not in any way a good thing. It's a problem that these things were surprises to him late in his career. Judging from the comments in this thread, even amongst a technical crowd there is still a relative lack of understanding about JavaScript. What can we as an industry be doing to make sure that more people are learning their tools properly and not reinventing wheels? One need only throw a stone at Amazon.com and hit several dozen books that are essentially just that. Obviously, the existence of that sort of information isn't enough. Something more needs to be done. These things are machines with which we do work. To make them such extensions of ourselves that we start identifying ourselves by them ("I'm a Mac, I'm a PC") is pathologically insane . It's the bottom of your computer. If you care that much about what the bottom of your computer looks like, then I tend to doubt you don't care enough about your work. not a lot of details to go on here, there's no telling what the issue actually is. I somehow doubt anyone from HN is going to come to my funeral. We've created a system that allows us to select our own designer social network. With you're neighborhood, you're stuck with those people, you can't just go looking for a new physical community as easily as you can a virtual one. I think this is actually a good thing; it tends to teach a lot more patience between people. I could have (conceivably) created an account name "Steve Jobs" and posted under that, which is another way in which virtual social interaction fails people. I've had friends find out that someone had been impersonating them on MySpace. At least in physical interaction, I have to stay logically consistent with everything I've told people before. Online, I could be a new person every day. I think the point that DanielBMarkham was trying to make was that, in order for the general person to feel whole, they need social interaction of some kind. You don't see too many hermits in the world. This ability to select our social networks allows us an emotional escape that de-prioritizes building relationships with physical neighbors. The advantages given to automobile travel started it, and the internet has accelerated it dramatically. I think the "freedom" to choose one's community is at the core of the complete lack of reasonable political discourse these days. It's very rare to see people calmly discussing issues with each other; they segregate themselves into their like-minded social groups, seeking validation for their preconceived notions rather than searching for the truth. When your barber who has been cutting your hair for 20 years expresses a view that you find surprising, you're going to tend to have a discussion with him about it, rather than shout at him and call him names. Each community, physical or virtual, has its own unique ideology. The difference between the physical and virtual is that physical ones must necessarily be inclusive, virtual ones are encouraged to be exclusive. Without getting too sidetracked, there is also the issue of the disconnect between seeing words on a screen and knowing deep in your subconscious that your dealing with a real person. Text on a screen is really difficult to anthropomorphize and sympathize with. Apple has been milking the same, tired design cues for the last 10 years. The fact that people still think they have brilliant designers is a testament to the brilliance of their marketing team. Facebook contacts in my address book and a performant OS, right now. It's called Android. I look back at the work I did in college and think "Christ on a bike, I was shit." I suspect I'll say the same thing about now in 10 years. That's actually my main complaint about Facebook right now. It's been slapped together by college-level programmers, who are just about the least talented level you can bother considering as employable. If anything, I wouldn't be surprised if their stance on privacy weren't an ideological one but a technical one, i.e., they couldn't figure out how to make their bodged together system keep from leaking information like a sieve, so they called it a feature rather than a bug. Yeah, that's been a bit of an issue for me as well. I'm coming to the conclusion that I got more done because I didn't know what I couldn't do. Well, to be fair, I never got anything done , I got a lot of things 80% done and got mired in bad design for the last 20%. Now, I tend to not even start because I don't have a good design. I'm trying to correct that now, and I'm starting to see results, but it's slow, especially now that I just moved to a new city. One of the ways that I've used to force myself to get things done is to set up disincentives for failure, i.e. I will buy the hosting for a project as soon as I have the first prototype done, so the longer it takes me to finish, the more money I'm wasting having an unfinished project sitting around. Another way is to start releasing my code on CodePlex, which tends to force me to document things a lot better. Of course, those are things that are more suited to my personality: the perfectionist in me was what prevented me from releasing, so forcing myself to release brings out the completionist in me. Really, what I need is my own personal secretary/intern to keep notes for me and finish the dirty work on my projects :D I've noticed this as well, a sense of false modesty. I know for myself I'm not as good as I want to be, but I'm also better than most of my peers. That's kind of the key thing: I may not know what the right answer is, but I do know that so-and-so just gave a wrong one. Too many programmers espouse their crapness to be able to claim someone else's crapness and shoot down arguments against their ideas. At a certain point, you have to stop thinking about what your skill level is and start just doing. Spolsky used the term Architecture Astronaut, which I definitely was going in to my first job out of college. Now, I rarely think about architecture up front, I think about requirements and the fastest path to them, with the post step of eliminating repetition. This ties into YAGNI and 7 Habits and OODA and all kinds of different decision making strategies that it just feels right through and through. Architecture seems to fall out from that and makes up for a lot of my own failings for design. Point being: we're all at certain level X, and our relative level compared to other people isn't important, it's what we do with our personal level to develop and deploy projects. I've seen pure procedural code written in object oriented languages that got the project done and got it done well. I've seen object oriented systems with perfectly defined abstraction hierarchies fall over on itself. Don't get me wrong, I'm not arguing against OOP with those examples, just saying "Code Elegance" be damned, you can't argue with "Shipped". Where was I going with this? I forget... oh well. Regardless of whether or not the original post was rude is no excuse for a rude answer. Kindness begets kindness, patience begets patience. We have a duty to not escalate stuff like this into shit-storms. If the kid didn't post correctly, then we should answer by asking the right questions to guide him to the correct question. If you can't do that, then just move along, you don't need to post. I remember being that kid. Well, not quite so bad that I literally wanted someone to write code for me, but I'm sure someone thought my poorly worded questions were asking people to write code for me. How many kids are we scaring away because we're being assholes to them? "UNIX-like/POSIX-compliant operating systems" So what would that not be? So is your time valuable or not? Is your time is too valuable to waste on people who don't put in a genuine effort, or is it not valuable enough that posting an unhelpful answer isn't a waste of effort? That's my point, it's easier for you to just ignore the bad poster . And yes, a deliberately unhelpful answer is rude. "I’m tired because it’s 2010 and we are still dealing with the same issues that we thought we were solving with CSS back in 2002." I don't know, maybe you weren't doing real work in this industry back then, but things are light years beyond what they were like in 2002. We've got JavaScript implementations that actually perform well. DOM works largely the same across browsers (remember that Layers debacle from Netscape? WTF). PNGs work properly. We have largely similar rendering across all browsers. I'm talking about things at least being in roughly the same place on the screen, having mostly the same styling, whereas you couldn't even count on things being in the same general location between browsers before. "We are all working from the same W3C specs so why can’t we at least make everything render the same way." Have you read the W3C spec? It defines a plethora of optional features and many key required features are ambiguously stated. In other words, it's a poorly written spec. What do you think is more likely, Microsoft intentionally breaking spec or the spec being poorly worded? Considering the differences between Gecko and WebKit that you yourself have also mentioned, I'm going with the common denominator here, the spec. This is an excellent point that I think is not mentioned enough in the open source world. This should especially ring true after the recent top link on Why The Lucky Stiff and his "digital suicide". If something is that important to your business, you'd be a fool not to hold on to it, and how are you going to do that if you don't own it yourself? Right, MS is actively trying to slow down progress. Republicans eat old people's medicine, democrats want to kill babies. Facebook wants to steal your soul, Google wants your first born child. Sure. You're not getting the point. It doesn't matter that you provided an alternative, it's that you suggested the idea at all. That sort of sectarian bile I'd expect to find at Slashdot, not here. Namco has used the Pacman franchise for a lot, even the original version. It's not even close to the ethical grey-area of abandonware (but not legal-grey, abandonware is still considered copyright violation, it's just not expected to be enforced). The Wikipedia article linked seems to indicate that the original Google version was an authorized clone, but that doesn't make any copies and extensions that you make off of it authorized. There are so many minefields on this, and such games are so easy to make, that you might as well just leave this well enough alone. Consider that Apple's P/E is 24.5 and Microsoft's P/E is 13.4. Basically, while Apple may be in demand right now, Microsoft is earning almost twice as much. Also, Microsoft pays a (albeit small) dividend, whereas Apple does not. I really love the IE8 and IE9 developer tools. Chrome's aren't as good, but still better than Firebug. boxing trainer, boom. I tried to come up with one myself (shitty idea) and thought I had one with "beer that tastes like urine", but then I realized that such a product could conceivably find a market with alcoholics trying to condition themselves against drinking. So yes, even Miller and Coors still have a market (sorry, home-brewer joke). Okay, how about clothing that melts away when it gets wet? Got anything there? distance to the alarm clock has no impact on my ability (or rather, lack thereof) to get up in the morning. I will walk through two rooms, turn off the clock (apparently I'm cogent enough in the morning to figure out that snooze means another infernal buzzing sound in 15 minutes, so I turn the alarm off instead), slouch on the couch, and pass out again. It can be so bad that I will dream about getting up again and going to work, only to wake up half an hour after my necessary leave-home-for-work time I've been encountering Ken Rockwell's diatribes against digital photography for years. He's a stuck-in-the-mud traditionalist who is secretly afraid that the ever increasing accessibility of newer technology is going to put him out of business. Yeah, that's exactly right, digital photo tech is growing and progressing. Film camera tech? Stagnant. I've seen him start dozen-page flamewars on photography boards over how "wrong" it is to print digital camera photos. He's notorious in photography circles as either a great defender of film or a troglodyte, depending on the reader's current tech investment. Most illusionists (I'm with James Randi on not calling such people "magicians") can't support themselves as a illusionists. They work kids birthday parties, making ends meet with other part-time and full-time jobs. The same is true for musicians, we all know the old joke, "I'm a musician, or rather, I'm an unemployed musician currently working as a waiter". There is a huge difference between the demand (very low) and supply (extremely high) for such people. The David Copperfields and U2s and Christian Lacroixs of the world are few and far between. Consider that teenagers are capable of becoming competent enough at illusion and music to fill the birthday-party entertainer role. You're going to be hard-pressed to find a teenager that is competent enough at programming to work in this industry. Not saying they don't exist, but I am incredibly skeptical anytime someone claims to be one. I know I thought I was at the time, and I know much better now. Almost every project I've worked on in the last five years has had some element of "don't screw up or people could die/crimes could happen." One of my previous projects was an industrial crane lift simulator for operators to use to plan safe lifts. Another one was a logistics system to track shipments of high explosives across the country, giving alerts and suggestions for extra security details when near high-value urban infrastructure elements. I'm currently working on a federal drug law compliance system; my clients want to know if their sales reps are using drug samples in illegal drug trade. This work is far too important to trust to part-timers and there is way too much of the dangerous work to fill by a handful of rock stars. Toyota brake controller anyone? And that was from professional engineers! Would you let a part-time doctor diagnose a lump in your breast or testicle? People don't die if a bar-gig guitarist misses a beat or a clown doesn't pull a coin out of a kid's ear, but we routinely put straight-out-of-college developers on critical systems. Long story short, illusion and legerdemain are not comparable to software development. We don't need a rock-star model for software developers. We need more of a professional craft approach. The consistent underlying theme to all of Stallman's writings and musings on software is "don't make a profit on me". He is an anti-capitalist. That his views hold so much weight in the tech industry is a testament to the extreme levels of socialist indoctrination that occurs in universities. He may say he wants them to be compensated, but he never suggests how they might after decrying their current methods as "evil". Are we supposed to live on donations? Musicians can get away with charging for concerts (though I suspect he'd eventually argue that it was depriving the poor of the right to culture), but software developers have no analogue. To the contrary, Red Hat is the perfect example for why Open Source does NOT pay. Sure, Red Hat is making money off of OSS, but the thousands of people who built all of those pieces of software are not. Red Hat can make a living off of support contracts because they didn't have to pay for the majority of the development work. Windows Update installs new software all the time. No, I think they just mean poor. It absolutely applies to the poor community in my home town, which is (to put it succinctly) very "redneck". The use of the ternary operator for such things as: String a = (b == null) ? "" : b; is okay with me, at least, when I'm working in languages other than C#, where it's just: string a = b ?? ""; I also use it within other operations, like: var output = string.Format("Something {0} something {1}", string1.Length > 0 ? string1 : "N/A", string2.Length > 0 ? string2 : "whoops"); My general rule of thumb is, if breaking the ternary operation into multiple lines will make it more readable, then you're going too far with the ternary operator. So basically proving this was always about killing Flash. If I cut down a 50 foot tall tree with a swiss army knife, it would not be a testament to the "power" of the knife, it would be a testament to my own stupidity. My point was that, with enough perseverance, one can do practically anything with anything (or nothing). Just because something is possible doesn't make doing it an intelligent thing if it's just a brute force effort. While herculean efforts of perseverance are commendable displays of stamina (like ( http://links.zigzo.com/files/2007/10/coat_20hanger_20gorilla... ) this gorilla made out of coat hangers), once the basic theory has been demonstrated, the intellectual interest is over. See also, X program implementation in Y Turing-complete language (I'm specifically reminded of a chess engine written in the infamous Brainf *, which was really just a C chess engine converted to BF). A little while ago, I did an animation in HTML5 that uses various 3D hinting techniques to create an illusion of depth http://seanmcbeth.110mb.com/stereo.html Well, from this Wikipedia article: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stereoscopy The techniques I'm using are: == Stereopsis: in this case, simple linear transformation in X-axis proportional to Z-axis as an approximation to a real 3D transformation == Occlusion of one object by another: basic Z sorting, i.e. "painters algorithm" == Subtended visual angle of an object of known size: I scale the object size proportional to its distance in the Z-axis == Haze, desaturation, and a shift to bluishness: I interpolate the object color proportional to its distance in the Z-axis If you can get the effect to work well, it goes from being a fairly incomprehensible jumble of grey circles (too information-dense for 2D display) to a box of bouncing balls where you can easily track individual objects as they move around. EDIT: looking at the code, it seems I forgot about a technique that I used! I also threw in the "Vertical position" bullet point from the Wikipedia article, but without a frame of reference in the rendered scene you wouldn't be able to tell. Wow, welcome to CSS demos of 6 years ago. http://persistent.info/files/20040508.magnifier/ This is the power of CSS3: doing the same things we've always done. Interesting, I'll have to give that a try. I had originally started doing this as an attempt to turn my Android phone into a stereoscope: http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/MOz-Qmv8VS1pcz0zZ7D0lTo... http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/ybf2b3eh3j05J2urDrz3Lzo... Unfortunately, the rendering speed just isn't there. The bottleneck actually seems to be the timer for running the animation, because reducing the number of objects doesn't seem to have a significant effect on the performance. I'll probably end up reworking this as an OpenGL application. Nobody uses wiggle "stereoscopy" for anything but novelty pictures. It's just not a practical technique. I don't understand the issue here. 1) You've identified the problem: programming in Haskell isn't making you as much money as programming in Java. 2) You've identified a course of action: stop programming in Haskell and program in Java. It's not like this is even a South Park dilemma, there is no "Step 3: ???" before "Step 4: Profit". Precisely. Where do we have CSS without JavaScript? And for people who disable JavaScript in their browsers, they get the broken websites they deserve. That's why they have to pay us to get us to do it. I can haz profile plz? Where is the code spending most of its time? What happens when the responce takes a non-trivial amount of processing? if a semicolon at the end of a line is noise to you, then you have bigger problems than semicolons. I wonder how likely that guy would have been to respond that way in a face-to-face meeting? I mean, I suspect he would have been somewhat likely, but on some order of magnitude less so than for internet communication. Why do people treat internet based communication differently than other, older forms? I've never had a misunderstanding in person, over the phone, or over snail mail devolve into such a vile display of human worthlessness. Does the mode change people or does the mode bring us into contact with more people who would be likely to respond in this manner? I know I have gotten into more arguments online than in person, but I also know that most of the people I know in person are fairly reasonable people. The relative anonymity of the internet tends to hide details that would lead me to avoid certain types of people long before such an argument appeared. Maybe in 20 years, when everyone can no longer remember a time before the internet, we will have figured out "etiquette" properly. Ha, that reminds me, I haven't seen a "'netiquette" posting in so long; they used to be so popular 10 years ago. Do we just assume (wrongly) that every gets it? I think this is actually something Microsoft did "right" in regards to C#. One of the first things I read on C# back in 2003 was "C# Programmer's Reference". It was available directly on MSDN, it was easy to get to, and it was a no-holds-barred, for-experienced-programmers-only, introduction to C#. It didn't go into any philosophical discussion on why you should like C#, why you should like its features, etc., it just assumed "you're here already, so you must have reasons for being interested, let's just get down to business." It didn't go into explain "what are integers" or "what are classes", it just assumed you knew what these common concepts were and explained their specific details as they related to C#. After reading that and working for a while, I then read the technical spec, which filled in the gaps around the edges. I was a competent debugger in a week, a competent developer in a month, and an expert in a year. Mastering the .NET class library took a lot longer, but that is a different issue, and I'm actually rather glad it's a separate issue (but that's a story for another day). With Lisp and Python, I've tried to take a similar approach. Some of the PLT Scheme documentation -- excuse me, it's "Racket" now -- was very clean and concise. I also tried concurrently reading the R6RS spec, which was productive, though not quite as much as I wanted. Python, unfortunately, has full-programming-noob intros and a technical spec. The spec isn't bad, but it's difficult to parse down into the most important features. I scan through the tutorials, skipping most of the text evangelizing the language. That seems to work for now, but it's taken a lot more conscious effort on my behalf to stick to it. My point is, everyone has a "standard model" in their head about how all programming languages work. Kind of like how the same system of DNA works in all species. We extrapolate that model based on our exposure to different languages. Being exposed to only OO languages can lead to false assumptions about the over-arching framework of language, but such is the same for strict functional, procedural, or declarative exposure. As exposure to new ideas increases, the underlying assumptions dissolve into a better understanding, and the knowledge helps inform the programmer not only on the new language but on the old languages as well. For example, I started my journey into programmerdom with JavaScript. Going to C (strict C, not C++) was a major mind-f *, and I didn't make the transition well. When I went to Java, I became much more productive. Learning the finer details of how Java tracks references and performs parameter passing, I suddenly understood C a lot better. Once I knew C better, I realized a metric ton of flaws in my JavaScript. All because greater exposure to language informed my underlying assumptions about what language means. The jump from Java to C# enhanced my understanding of event-driven programming (merely because of how C# provides syntactical features for delegates separately from the class system). I then realized I understood WIN32 events in C a lot better. A similar experience followed my forays into F# (failed attempt into functional programming, but not unproductive), back into C#, into C++, back into Java (briefly), back into JavaScript (this time with the knowledge of first-class functions), and then into Scheme (finally a successful foray into functional programming). A parallel can be drawn from almost any feature in one language to another feature or application of features in another. It's the essence of Turing completeness, we can emulate any system in any other system (yes, albeit not efficiently). I've had my own wins with avoiding premature optimization. My personal data access code snippets use a lot of reflection to figure out what stored procedures to call without me having to specify too much metadata (going with the DRY principle). I started working at a new company and brought the code with me, where the resident "alpha nerd" criticized it, "all that reflection must be slow." I just smiled and did what I wanted to do anyway (I now outrank him) and showed the proof in the pudding: the ~50ms that the code spends in reflecting on its own stack trace is completely dwarfed by the overhead of connecting to the database, waiting on stored procedures to execute, transferring data over the network, and processing result sets into suitable outputs. We typically write apps for 10 to 50 users; our complexity is in reporting, not request throughput. There's no good way to get around having to outer join on 10 different legacy tables of non-normalized data (which is that way because of some cheese-head early-optimizer who hasn't worked here in three years) to get the report that the client insists is absolutely needed regardless of being unable to come up with some sort of business case. This is a story with a theme, a theme of stubborn refusal to admit failure in the face of the huge successes of others. Linux showed that open source can develop a vibrant operating system project. The BSDs have shown that a tightly controlled engineering effort can be achieved within an open source context. And Apple has shown that you can even make an operating system off of the Mach lineage! When faced with repeated failure, one has to look at the common denominators. It's GNU. I think this is a lot of confirmation bias. Everyone has their story of cheese-head corporate IT managers making bad decisions. IT managers are like air, you only notice when they stink. Unfortunately, I left a company with a good IT manager for an "opportunity to grow" elsewhere. Sure, I got a higher salary, and I got to move to a new city (this is the most compelling reason that I stay right now, I like my location a lot), but it's definitely one of the worst ad-hoc development environments I've ever been in. But my previous position had a great IT manager. We took a very well defined, engineering approach to purchases and development. Identify need, research alternatives, implement, iterate. I learned a lot in a mere year and a half, more than I ever learned in college. It makes me wonder what I'm going to learn in the years to come. Yes, I was actually developing industrial crane simulators of various types for the company's product line, so a significant portion of original development was necessary. Well, that's the problem, it's possible to be somewhat productive in PHP, even as a bad programmer. Sure, such people code notorious SQL injection flaws, but... well, I can't think of a but. Does the Chrome team think they need to reach version number parity with the other browsers? At least from a UI standpoint, the current version of Chrome that I'm using (5.0.375.99 Beta) is not enough different from the first Beta to warrant 4 full version numbers. About the only features that I can think of that are visibly new are the themes and the extension system. Did themes come with v4? Also, if there are good reasons to warrant full version number change, then why are those versions installing automatically? A full version change is not an "update". It should be much more explicit to the user that a new full version is available. Where C# differs from C++ in this case is that the standard actively seeks out such corner cases and defines them explicitly, whereas the C++ standard often leaves such corner cases in the "undefined behavior" realm. There is very little "undefined behavior" punting in C#. You pick those up in context pretty quickly. If you know a class has a method "DoSomething" and you see the pink block icon next to "DoSomething" and "DoSomethingElse", then you learn pretty quickly that "DoSomethingElse" must be another method. I've read most of the C# 1.0 and 3.0 specs. I've also read the R6RS Scheme spec and the Python 2 spec. Admittedly, I've only read a smattering of the C++0x spec. But the C# specs have always been very clear and concise compared to just about every other technical spec I've read. I am constantly accidentally hitting the touch buttons on my Moto Droid. Well, when the name is "NoSQL", I think it rather much invites being pitted against its namesake. I completely agree with you that it immature and childish. However, it is something that "hackers" do have a propensity for, just look at all of the "Closure vs. Python" and other garbage threads that come up here. From evidence, these kinds of games are apparently what "true hackers" like the most. When? Because the + symbol is often used to represent boolean OR, so T + T == T. >> "Nor do I expect developers to understand SQL." I do not agree. I expect all of my developers to be proficient in both C# and SQL. I expect them to be able to properly design object oriented solutions and entity relations. And I expect them to know better than to use HTML tables for general purpose layout. There is no such thing as "one's natural paradigm". Totally not the point. C# is just an example of an application language. The point is that there is no reason why a developer can't master the full stack. Maybe if all you're doing is writing silly blogging software, then you can get away with that. I need to develop apps the report live on nation-wide sales and inventory data, down to the individual shipment. You start dealing with a database intended to hold 10, 20 years of warehoused data, application languages turn into a blur in the background. Suggestion: if you don't care about compensation, join an open source project. There are dozens of projects out there with crappy project sites. Completely revamping their public facing can draw in significantly more people (I know I've skipped past a few projects because I couldn't make immediate sense out of their site). You'll have the same effect that you're looking for here, without having to wait around for someone else to give you permission. There is no evidence to suggest that software can be engineered, therefore someone who is a "software engineer" is selling snake-oil. Could one consider protection of a certain action as prohibition of its anti-action, and thereby we recognize only two states? So, instead of the buying of property itself being protected, it's the refusal to sell is prohibited. Culture in any group is a malleable beast. The strictures required to keep it from changing are far too oppressive to support the type of innovative and creative thinking that the site wants to inspire. One of the points he makes is that VMs are obvious for the purpose of language interop. Seems like C and Lisp (and D, another language he mentions) have been interoperating with each other without a VM in common for quite a while. Sure, but it doesn't seem intractable to be able to design native languages to be able to interop. Lisp has been around since the late 50s, C since the 70s. The fact that they interop at all is kinda awesome. The truly mind expanding experiences I've had in my life have come from meeting new people, engaging them in conversation, and trying to learn how to get along. Meeting people who were interesting before they ever went to college, or were interesting despite never having gone. "Well, you meet people in college!" You'd get a better experience starting a rock band, joining a community service group (or hell, joining the military, it's a similar time commitment and they pay you ), all activities essentially free compared to college. If anything, the system of accreditation, the politics of the teacher-student relationship, and the financial concerns of meeting even the most modest tuition rates are nothing but impediments to "expanding ones mind". if your mind was literally a sponge, I think you would cease to live. then it's not literal. Microsoft is not interested in opening .NET to other platforms than Windows because they see .NET as driving developers to using Windows and Visual Studio. "While you're here, try some Office Suite." MS uses their freeware offerings to increase demand for their payware offerings. Certainly not Objective-C. There is a reason Objective-C is really only a viable option on the Mac platforms, and that is the heritage of NeXTSTEP that Jobs brought with him when he came back to Apple. I really don't count Chrome Frame as "works in IE." When you say, "works in IE", it has to mean, "works in the standard install of IE." Because that is the case that most people care about. We deal with IE primarily because we can't convince corporate clients to install anything . If I could get them to install Google Chrome Frame, I'd get them to install Google Chrome, period. Here's the problem: "I have spent 2 years trying to learn django, why should I waste it? I'm 19 years old now..." A) 2 years of programming experience in any language is not a waste of time even if you never touch that language again, B) Sunk costs, if the previous 2 years were a mistake, then don't repeat that mistake by sticking to a language and framework you don't like. C) 2 years is nothing. Which is a strategic move to A) get people to view MS as friendly to open source, and B) get people yearning for Visual Studio. Without Visual Studio, .NET is kind of a pain in the ass to develop. Not as bad as Java without Eclipse, but not anywhere near simple enough to be productive with substandard editors. Visual Studio makes .NET. Mono is intended to introduce people to the features that .NET provides and entice them into trying it where it shines, in Visual Studio, which runs around $500 a copy, which only runs on Windows. Personally, I think HTML5 is the wrong answer for the wrong problem. The problem is not "how do we make HTML+JavaScript work more like an application." The problem is also not "how do we make more application-like web pages." The problem is "how do we distribute application-like functionality over the web." That never had to mean making a new version of HTML. That never had to mean running inside the browser. The folly of HTML5 is this incessant reliance on SGML and human-readability. In real-world, big-boy-pants development, we don't write HTML, HTML is our output format. We never needed a new HTML, we needed a new output format that worked. I don't think the WHATWG is up to the task, as evidenced by the complete lack of sane audio handling. Absolutely. He needs to be spending time reading literature and visiting art museums and hiking in the woods and fooling around with girls. There's plenty of time to work when you're old. Love the reply by one "PierreDeFermat" That's actually kind of brilliant. I'm looking at this reply that reads "Hello, Easy job for me,please send me a PM ." and thinking, "you stay away from me." This one is also golden, "Read your requirement and everything has been understood. We have already delivered a couple of similar projects and given our strong capabilities. I am confident we can deliver a powerful end-result to you as well." I don't really get where you're coming up with ".NET is seen as a rather dead-end ecosystem." Perhaps in the Ruby community, the image of .NET is equivalent to the image of MS, but the people who make up the Ruby community were probably never going to use .NET to begin with. There is a very large development community outside of RoR and Clojure and Python and what have you that has very little overlap. The Ruby/Python/PHP/etc. development communities coincide a lot. They have UNIX-like operating systems in common. They have certain shared values of what software development means to the human condition. Hell, they think about what software development means to the human condition. It's very future-centric. In the Windows world, it's different. We think about things in terms of the present: what are we doing now, how does this fill my belly, how am I going to fulfill this client request so I can go home and play with my kids. We don't tend to participate in open source projects. Most of the time, it's weird to have someone ask to see my source code. Seeing the source code is a waste of time when all I want is the functionality. There is not much thought to future developers because future developers are likely not going to ever look at what we've made. Even if they did, they're more likely to throw it away and start over than to do anything with it. I don't think there is an inherent "betterness" to one approach over the other. To me, it's the difference between a sculpture and a building contractor. A project manager with no technical background working at a bank is a comical character to the auteur, to the contractor he or she is a real person (maybe even a close friend) with a need. But because of these differences, there is shockingly little overlap between the communities. I'm reminded of this any time I hang out with my friends at my local hackerspace. There are a few of us who are Windows developers who can work together very productively. There are others of us who are Linux developers and they can work together very productively. When the two try to mix at all, the minority group on the project invariably look like idiots, lost children, who haven't the experience they claim to have. The problem is the complete mindset disconnect. I think that's where a lot of these "X is dead, long live Y" come from. When you are steeped in your development culture of choice, you hear nothing from "the others", and can very easily assume they must be dead. I don't get the city competition, but maybe that's because I didn't grow up in my city (Philadelphia) and I was never a recognized member of my previous small-town community (for various reasons, none important). Who cares if your city is the "Silicon Valley of the East Coast"? Suddenly that means tech isn't going on in all the other East Coast cities? You show me even a small town that doesn't have at least 5 different tech companies. Why does a particular city need a "startup scene"? How is having NYC known as a place that tech companies like to call home, versus tech companies just going about their business without drawing attention to the fact that they are in NYC because it doesn't mean anything to the 90% of their customers who don't live there, going to do anything for NYC? Attract more businesses for more tax revenue? Then why would the type of business matter at all? Reversing that question, why does any startup need a particular city? What does it matter that DuckDuckGo is in Valley Forge, PA (even though everyone says Philly, because Valley Forge is toootally inside Philadelphia city limits when it's down the Turnpike past even King of Prussia. Might as well say New Ark, DE is in Philly)? It's still a decent upstart search engine, and would be the same decent site if it were in Bethesda, MD (where people would probably say it was in DC). If the price is right, you can find talent anywhere (cities don't have a monopoly on growing smart people out of test tubes), and if the biz is right you can find funding anywhere (or would an investor seriously give up a good opportunity just because the company's HQ is more than a lunch-hour drive away?). None of these things have particular geographical components, unless you're in some dead-end, old, mining enclave on the side of a mountain in up-state Pennsylvania. Or maybe not, maybe you got so good of a deal on land that you don't mind the capital cost of getting started from stone-age-scratch. But at any rate, it means nothing to me if, say, Orlando, FL has more tech firms than Philly. That's them, not me. Where they are certainly has to have no more impact on me than if they lived next door to me. Nobody thinks of Valley Forge as a "startup city", but there are tons of tech firms and other firms in need of technical people there. Glenside, PA, population less than 10,000, probably one of the most backwards suburbs I've ever had the pleasure of living in, is home to Newgrounds.com. Regardless, this is the GD internet, you shouldn't have to actually be in Orlando to do good work for a company in Orlando. My employer currently has clients on the other side of the country. Neither we nor our client is ever going to admit that a full country's worth of distance and a 3 hour timezone disparity has a significant impact on the quality of our services. Even when I lived in the middling town of Chambersburg, where the first sizable city was Harrisburg at nearly an hour away, there were always options for programming employment in town. I took a 4 mile walk from Glenside to Ambler one Saturday and walked past 3 tech firms along the way. That's the thing, can anyone in any industry in this age afford to not have a sizable interest in computing and internet technology? Even Doodie Calls couldn't get away with running a paper business, and all they do is drive around in vans and scoop dog poop. If you're big enough to have employees, you're big enough to have tech need that can't be filled by your 15 year old nephew for weekend soda money. Maybe in 1985, when the vast majority of the population had no idea you could even link computers together nation-wide, it made sense to band together to take down the few companies that had tech need. But today is completely different. I don't think this is like the 20th Century DotCom bubble, where you could get rich off of stock options as an employee. Working for a startup is ultimately no different for the employee than working for an established company. If anything, it's possibly worse, as the employee is expected to put in a lot more effort "for the good of the company" than for their own good. The fundamental problem is that everyone has only ever focused on expedient solutions. We have no way to control for all of the variables. There are so many factors to why education costs are so inflated, the relative effect of technology on the cost is impossible to determine. I know a lot of terrible parents, and they aren't all dead-beats or alcoholics, they're just assholes who treat their families like shit. If one of the parental figures is an emotionally abusive person, then it'd probably be a net benefit to the family if that person were a workaholic who doesn't spend much time with the kids. Sure, they probably shouldn't have had a family in the first place, but it doesn't always work out that way. Not just anyone can stay at home and raise the family. Personally, I love Postgres; I've been burned by MySQL in the past. Here's the thing, you will be infinitely more employable if you know SQL well, and you'll easily retrain from one RDBMS to another if a better SQL database comes along. I always thought Java's slowness is due to the scads of layers of abstraction you have to go through to get anything done. You can't do anything without hitting a mile of stack trace. My impression of the Ruby community, especially the OSS part of it, was that they were explicitly more about tinkering than enterprise. Certainly characters like _why were in that camp. In regards to monkey-patching, while I'm not a Ruby programmer by any means, I sorely feel its absence in other languages. It's in JavaScript (expando objects as well as being able to override and overwrite built-in methods of existing types), and to some extent available in C# (extension methods are a sort-of expando object, but there is very little ability to overwrite a method). Like operator overloading, sure, don't build a project completely off of it (I'm looking at you, C++'s iostream), but when you need it, damn you need it. I'm still delving into Python (late to the party, whatever), but I definitely use Python in much more of a tinkering fashion, so monkey-patching is something I would desire in the language. I agree completely. I tend to dislike the phrase "enterprise development" anyway, because it implies that somehow our programming is suddenly different just because a company uses it. But, I try to write for my audience. >> Be civil. Don't say things you wouldn't say in a face to face conversation. What if I make snide comments in face-to-face conversation? These example images that they always use to show the effectiveness of the backscatter X-Ray always crack me up. They show big, bright blobs of gun-shaped somethings. Gee, what gun is that for it get past the metal detector? You should always tip the free drink. When you are in a bar or restaurant, you're receiving two things: the product and the service. When the product is free, you should still pay for the service. I don't know if you've kept up with this OkCupid series, but there has always been an undercurrent of snide commentary towards Christians specifically and religious people in general. I especially "enjoyed" the break down by race. They admit that the site is primarily American in demographic, but there is no accounting for language proficiency being a barrier to entry to the site for users from non-English speaking cultures. If you care enough to learn English as a second language to the point where you can use OkCupid, then I expect you will learn to to a greater degree than a minimally literate, native English speaker. "Keeping an eye on NEO is extremely important, given the large number of unknown space rocks that lurk in outer space." So it's important to keep track of the few that we know of, because of the unknown numbers of ones we don't know of? And what if we do track them? What do we do with this information? It's not like we're going to move the things or move the planet out of the way. Tracking NEOs does nothing for us, with maybe the exception of mapping trajectories for deep space probes. How many of those do we launch in a year? And given that we don't know the full implications such an impact would have, isn't the psychological effect on hysterical populations enough of a reason to heed "ignorance is bliss"? Given that "optimization" has a positive connotation in tech fields, I suggest that we rename SEO to PRE: PageRank Exploitation. I'm currently working for someone else to learn how to manage others. Coming from a purely technical background, I wanted to make my newbie manager mistakes on someone else's dollar. Couple this with a DHTML editor and automatic revision control (new revision on every save) and I would love it. DropBox has been great for hacking client-side apps across multiple machines, but for web apps it's kind of a chore. You know, Google Docs + some sort of web-based VIM + CodePad.org would be the bees knees. This is the problem: college students are terrible programmers. There aren't enough consequences for writing bad code in college. In industry, you learn very quickly that everything you learned in college is minuscule compared to what you actually need to know to work. I knew guys who only studied databases or only studied HTML+JavaScript+CSS. And we all expected that this level of specialization was common and even desirable! Wow. Looking back now, how silly of us. Where did we get this idea? Certainly not from anyone with significant experience in industry. We had one professor with significant industry experience... from the days of IBM mainframes. She was the head of the department. She ran two classes a year, in "software engineering", basically "technical writing and project management". They were good classes, the most like the "real world" of any of our courses, but only 50% of the students took it and it represented maybe 10% of our studies for those of us who did. Yes, the CS degree is about preparing students for CS graduate programs. But there was never a suggestion that perhaps the CS degree was not what we needed. Or maybe there was a suggestion, one, from some guy on Teh Intarwebs, against every other person in positions of respect around us. We were consistently told that the CS degree was the path to a software development degree. Yes, internships. They are very important. We don't do enough of them. We certainly need more of an apprenticeship model. I suspect that the development of good programmers would work in a culinary school model more than a research school model. College graduates are basically the first level of competency worth training to become developers, or at least are supposed to be (let's just stick to ideal situations right now, with no wind resistance and infinite point masses). It's like in the martial arts, we say that black-belt is where the learning begins . Once you reach black-belt/BSCS, you have only acquired the tools that you need to start learning. Every programmer I've known thought he was a super hacker by the time he got out of college. Me included. I see it in the interviews I conduct, also. There is an air of arrogance. There is a sense of shock and personal assault when pointing out their errors. They haven't yet grocked that the code is not them. They haven't yet learned that the errors are inevitable, that it is only time and experience that teaches us how to avoid them, that programming is about the pursuit of eventual perfection and not the dogmatic defense of yesterday's code. So one of two things happens. Either the degreed programmer shucks his hubris and finds humility, or he becomes a leech on his coworkers (and my use of the masculine pronoun is no mistake, the female programmers I've known don't have this pathology). Unfortunately, the latter is apparently indistinguishable from the former for most management types. Haha, but digging on the liberal arts majors aside, most people who come out of college with a BS in CS do not want to make programming their wake-to-sleep life. They want it to be their 9-to-5 career, and leeching is the easier route to that. The kids mean well, I'm sure they are quite intelligent, and they've got heart. But a startup was probably the worst first endeavor for them. I think it's better to go through your male-programmer-humiliation on someone else's dollar. They're basically going into more debt to learn how to be programmers now that they've gotten out of college. They could have been earning a salary to learn how to be programmers. When the 9/11 truthers were spreading their bull and it finally managed to touch a few of my coworkers, I found my indignant attitude that anyone could believe something so obviously false was far better at convincing people of the truth than reasoned argument. Unfortunately, people are pack animals before they are rational beings. Probably the best way to respond to such claims as "vaccines cause autism" is to just say, "Wow, I didn't realize there was anybody left who still believed that." It's mean, but it's for their own good, and it works quickly. They don't get as upset as you think they would. This was released when Chrome first came out. the net effect for me is the same Well, I think the humor was appropriate. This isn't a corporate board meeting, it's supposed to be a community of developers and entrepreneurs. All communities need inside jokes (among other things) to help create a sense of cohesion. If I whisper the most beautiful poem over the telephone to my lover today, am I going to complain about the phone company not archiving that call properly when I want to revisit it 20 years from now? You go into Twitter knowing it's about the ebb and flow of current conversation, not about what was said when it first came out. If Twitter wants to eventually offer that, that's cool, but that's not the case right now, and you shouldn't expect it any more than you should expect 7-11 to keep their security footage of you for your perusal indefinitely into the future. edit: from Twitter's Terms of Use ( http://twitter.com/tos ): "This license is you authorizing us to make your Tweets available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. But what’s yours is yours – you own your content." You own your content. You are responsible for it. From Twitter's perspective, you're absolutely right. From a user's perspective, the bulk reliance on singular companies to manage our data is an issue that I'm afraid is going to become dangerous. Look at the 2.5 hour Facebook outage from a couple of days ago. If Facebook were to be hit by an airplane or asteroid, a seriously significant portion of 500,000,000 peoples' lives would be lost, if only just in photos. If my house were to have the same thing happen, 150 people would experience a somewhat lesser loss. I have thousands of emails between close friends in Gmail that I would like to preserve, but no convenient system exists for archiving them away from Google. The point of archive is to have redundant systems on which to rely. Archiving my Gmail with Google is therefore not an archive since it's still only one system. It's like leaving a tasty pork chop in the 'fridge at work and expecting the cleaning lady to not toss it over the weekend. I really think archive should be the responsibility of the user. Does it make sense to rely on the original provider for archive? As I say in my other reply to the other replier, I really think diversity in archive options is important to the overall infrastructure of the 'Net. Tried it, volume is too large. Every client I've tried crashes before it can get everything, and there is still the issue of convenient storage format. I'll probably have to write my own archiver. That's exactly right Being homeschooled, I had learned these things prior to college. Perhaps that is why I didn't get much out of it. Oh man, maybe that's why I didn't understand a damn thing about the article. And yes, I totally would. "as HTML and CSS are an ideal and flexible way to prototype" They are a way to prototype. And sure, they may be more flexible than writing Objective-C. But they are far from ideal or even reasonably flexible. I've been a member on one particular site for the last 10 years. Our inside-jokes help us create continuity in our community, a continuity that has helped maintain a certain level of maturity and professionalism that isn't well matched anywhere else. Yes, an inside joke is a signalling by the user that they are part of the "in crowd". That is exactly the point. The only way the user can be considered part of the "in crowd" is if they have participated to the point to be generally recognized by others as such. Proper execution of institutional jokes not only signal to other non-members that you are a member, but to members that you are worthy of being a member. Something like paging virtual memory for Redis is going to be a core feature. I can completely understand why they would want to keep core features "in house". It's not "not implemented here" syndrome if the entire point of your company is to implement things like this. This is just a style comment, but given JavaScript's open class prototypes and expando objects, I generally prefer to write these methods as new members on their natural classes. For example, the RegEx escape method would be on the RegEx class itself, rather than being a stand alone function. Other than that, this is an incredibly useful set of functions that any JavaScript developer should have in their toolkit. This is why I don't give programming problems as questions. I've written numerous database applications and I really couldn't tell you off of the top of my head all of the parameters to make a proper database connection. When a mathematician writes a formula, it's a communication from one mathematician to another of intent. When a programmer writes code, it's primarily instructing the machine how to perform a given calculation; as such, it's an exercise in tedium and not very appropriate for person-to-person communication. So, that's why I ask design problems. I ask candidates to draw diagrams of databases that meet a certain need. I ask them to draw flow charts and state diagrams. These are much more conducive to human communication. I need to know that they can think before they can program. I'd hire someone with no experience in Python to start a brand new project in Python if they showed they had excellent problem solving skills because the hows of writing Python code is just going to be one more problem to solve for them. They'll figure it out and do what they need to do. When was the last time you know everything about how to program something before you started on the project? If the answer is "ever", did you stick around for the end or quit because you were bored? It's much simpler than this. Buy him/her a case of beer. That's all you have to do. Works wonders. People bend over backwards for you after you buy them a case of beer. It doesn't even have to be good beer; you could get some shitty $40/case beer and they will love you. Soma. "They feel like they've done everything that was expected of them. They went to university and graduated with a good degree." This is the problem. Just showing up isn't enough. This fill-in-the-blanks approach to careers is why the university degree doesn't mean anything anymore. It's never about being the norm, it's about exceeding the norm. Yes, that means more than 50%, by definition, won't cut it. What did they do while they got their "good degrees from good universities"? If the answer is "the bare minimum to pass", as it seems most of my former classmates did, then it's no wonder they can't find work. Exactly. Everyone told me that I should study art in college because I had an affinity for it. Luckily, I also had excellent math scores, saw the writing on the wall in terms of employability, and changed majors to Computer Science (yeah, bet you never saw that major switch before). I had an affinity for that, too, and I engaged in every extra curricular in the department that I could. Surprise, surprise, I've never had trouble finding work and I have former classmates who are still working at Radio Shack. If you're a programmer, you're a programmer regardless of whether you have a job doing it or not; it's a part of your identity. I have a friend working as an economic advisor for a major city government; he doesn't identify as an economist, he identifies as a writer. I have a friend who works as a mutual fund trader; he doesn't identify as a trader, he identifies as a beer brewer. My sister works in university fund raising; she identifies (somewhat ironically) as an economist. We were having a conversation one day, where they were lamenting the situation that I got to do what I loved and got paid very well for it and they were stuck in jobs they hated. I told them, "STOP ASKING PERMISSION TO DO WHAT YOU ARE. Start doing it now." Why do I get paid for what I do? Because I have experience and connections to network to find job. Why do I get paid well? Because I've had a lot of practice. Why do I have so much experience? Because I never asked permission to do it, I've been doing it all day, every day, whether I've had a job or not, for the last 10 years. My writer friend, I told him to start writing user-oriented documentation for open source software projects, and to write promotional materials for non-profit organizations. It had never occurred to him. He's looking in to it now, and he's finding a huge need for good writers everywhere. My brewer friend, I told him to quit spending time on the stool-side of the bar, spending money, and convince his friends who own these brewpubs he frequents to take him on as an unpaid, weekend intern. He won't be getting paid, but then he wasn't getting paid for the time he spent in the same exact building anyway. One of them immediately agreed. My sister, I told her to just do the research she wants to do. There is nothing preventing her from doing the types of number-crunching and paper-writing that she claims to love in her free time. There are tons of data sources that are published for free by the various governments of the world, and nobody to even look at them. Write a few papers and then see where you stand with job applications. Hell, I think the garage tinkerer is in a better position than a big-university researcher specifically because of the constraints of lack of funding. You'll probably make important cost-cutting innovations as a matter of necessity. Necessity: the mother of what now? The future eventually gets here. Make your career pay for your calling, and soon you will have the experience you need to make your calling your career. There are plenty of jobs. Just not necessarily in what they want to do with their level of experience. If the goal is to "get a job", then I can show you tons of places to get one of those, and you didn't have to bother going in to debt with a degree. But these jobs that require a degree, they are looking for exceptional people. That's the point of the degree, to break away from the norm. But somewhere along the line, we allowed the notion that non-professional work was somehow "lesser" work, and that everyone should be given the opportunity to go to college. Bleh. Completely misses the point. All this talk in this thread about "your generation is this, our generation had that" is depressing. When did we, as a society, start characterizing generations of people, beyond the typical old-person-calls-young-person-a-whippersnapper? I'm 28 years old so suddenly I'm a texting, Second-Lifing, flash-mobbing, Will-Ferrel-movie-quoting Democrat? Please, I'll stick to defining my own identity, thanks. I agree completely. When does this "entrepreneurship" era end that young people are ostensibly good at, and what does it become that would account for the fact that most successful companies are not currently being ran by 20-somethings? So I take it from the comments that, "We'll be back shortly. Our servers are over capacity and certain pages may be temporarily unavailable. We're incredibly sorry for the inconvenience." is not the embarrassing flaw? wait, I thought Jobs said that netbooks sucked and he refused to make one? So I guess we should wait a year and expect to see a 7.9" tablet? >> Language does matter. I would say "Languages do matter. All of them." Now, I certainly don't mean iterations on a single language (though experiencing that evolution first-hand can be very instructive), but insofar as Java 1.3 and C# 1.0 were nearly identical languages, they were still worth learning even at that time because experiencing the vastly different ecosystems completely cuts through all of the dogmatism that every language has. #1 most important thing to understand: programming will consume your life, if you let it. And if you want to be good, you need to let it. #2 most important thing to understand: people-networking is important, though you probably know that by now. The rub is that #1 has a tendency to prevent #2. It's good to work hard and program and make stuff, but don't neglect to tell people about it and find other people who share your interests . Without them, you'll never learn about the good jobs because you'll be lost in the sea of recruiters and contract jobs. MY ORIGINAL POST: "It's theft to get paid for one's work?" UPDATE: wr1472 explains the situation below. Sorry for the confusion. I had a really hard time convincing a large, corporate client to setup such basic things like a version control system, a central bug tracking system, or any kind of project documentation repository. Oh, did I mention this was only three years ago? It's 2007 and you're not using version control? Anyway, one day, another consultant who sat next to me got laid off and the company's IT guys never came around to remove his computer. So, I moved the computer into the cabinet over my desk and used it as my "phantom dev server" or alternatively "The Travis" (after our laid-off compatriot). I even used it as a staging server for testing deployments. There was one time that a clueless cable-jockey came up looking for the machine, I told him someone had come for it months ago, and we never heard from him again. Eventually, I developed a simple content management system on the product website because the company's policies were preventing us from making copy and FAQ changes as fast as we needed. Unfortunately, I couldn't get approval to do the project, even though I had a little bandwidth and it was something we really, really needed. I told my confidant in the company what I was doing and he ran interference for me for two days while I cranked the code out. We had to wait a month for another project to get finished to slip it in along-side an approved site deployment, but once it was in the wild, our lives became incredibly easier. We almost let the cat out of the bag once when we made a change too quickly, though. Management wanted us to change some of the contact info on the site, and to change most of the branding of the site. Since I setup everything to be hosted out of the CMS, including stylesheets, no deployment was necessary. What should have taken two weeks (1 day to finish and then 9 days of bureaucratic shenanigans), took only one day. The plan was to wait the 9 days, then tell them about the change, and use the time to get caught up on support tickets and other "secret" programming going on (like a complete rewrite of the desktop product software, this time without VB6... in 2008). One of the execs dropped into our area for an update, and the stupid phone-support guy blabbed about "oh yeah, that's already done." I stabbed him in the leg with a pen, and "clarified" that the "work was complete and was now in the deployment pipeline." That wasn't the first or the last time that stupid goober's mouth almost got us in trouble. I miss that job. It was hard to work in the stifling environment of an ossified corporate structure, but I had good friends I was working with, and despite our team being considered "black sheep" and "dangerous mavericks", everyone respected our productivity and we were always involved in all new policy decisions (basically, they were just upset to be told they were wrong). We skirted many lay-offs after that first round because of it. wr1472: Ah, sorry. These things are difficult to follow when pertinent points get deleted. Yeah, well, I can't say it was any altruistic desire to help the company. Most of their fulltime employees saw us consultants as threats to their jobs, so they weren't very happy to have us around. I was more concerned with not getting blamed for missing deadlines and not letting my skills stagnate. That was the ultimate reason why I left, when it was decided that the software upgrade from VB6 to .NET 2.0 (by the time that decision was made, .NET 4 had just been released) was not going to happen. I knew I had things I wanted to accomplish, and they were standing in my way. Maybe if they had worked with me, it could have benefited them a little more, but I've since learned that companies can and will make such unproductive decisions and I need to keep my exuberant productivity for my own projects. LaunchPad: a no-hierarchy version of the Windows Start Menu. Desktops get too many programs installed to be able to find them reasonably in such a thing. We learned that fifteen years ago on Windows. Even my phone is starting to get unreasonable to manage with the number of programs installed. Windows Vista and 7 have the ability to search the start menu because of it. The App Store: I love the ability to browse packages on my Ubuntu and PC-BSD systems and install them with no hassle. I wish this existed on Windows (MS toys with it every once in a while, with the Web Platform Install Kit and the Visual Studio Plugins site). But it sounds like Apple is going to lock it down. They could have their cake and eat it too if they would make the application repository configurable, with the default pointing to Apple's servers, and the config item roughly hidden in an obscure setting somewhere. But Apple continues to assert that you don't own your computer, you rent it from them. Full-screen apps: welcome to 1990. From experience, I loathe default-full-screen programs. I like to have the option available, and I think we've come to a consensus that that should be through the F11 key, but starting a program, waiting, and having it take over the entire screen is going to be a pain in the ass. It also basically torpedoes a lot of Apple dogma from previous years with no true ability to fully maximize program windows. Ironically, these updates serve to make OS X even less differentiated than other Windows and KDE- or Gnome-based Linux distros than ever before. The BSD and GNU positions are that userland applications are part of the operating system. Aside: I initially misinterpreted the title in that I thought "social services" referred to public welfare programs. However, it brings up an interesting question: does the statement still hold? Is it necessary to use public welfare programs to understand them properly? For most people, it can be an even longer, harder slog to find clients. Yeah, I think there's something unique about this current place. I've been in a lot of different work environments, and this one has been the worst. Sales hustling: I'm willing to learn. I know it's going to be unlike most of the work I've done, but that's actually part of why it excites me--a new challenge. In times past when I've had very close working relationships with my employers' clients, I've enjoyed hashing their needs out, and I think this will also be vital experience for my some-day-business-with-employees. My primary experience is in building business intelligence apps on ASP.NET with SQL Server. I'm a little weak on UI design (an issue I'm actively working on), but otherwise I'm strong in every other "layer". I have no doubts I could pick up Java again, or any other language, or any other vendor's RDBMS; I'm a hacker by nature. I also have experience with business analysis and writing technical documentation. I am unfortunately very lite on administering things, i.e. the care and tending of a live database or application server. Your comments on time issues are noted. I have also been up working at 2am many days Well then, I will have something familiar to look forward to! :) Ah yes, this is an excellent point and reminds me of some extended contacts that I could refresh. Thanks. Thanks everyone for all of the advice. I'm going to keep looking for other work as long as I can be confident to maintain my current salary and take care of this debt issue first. My phone has been ringing off the hook from recruiters wanting to place me (though I've dealt with plenty of recruiters before, that doesn't necessarily mean anything). I just got contacted by a friend-of-a-friend with a small contract for about a week's worth of work; that will be nice to helping with the debt issue. And I actually just got an email for an interview at a company with a really excellent benefits package. So, at the very least, it looks like I can get out of my bad situation. Untrue, the concept of money was developed long before government. Hammurabi's code only formalized a number of systems that were already in place. It took government to make money unsound . To start, I agree with your post. He was definitely suspicious, and one-sided accounts are not reliable. However, I do take issue with one of your incidental comments: >> "...but there are folks trying to kill us (all of us)..." Either this is not true, or it is true and our enemy is inept. If we had a competent enemy who was trying to kill us, then there would be a lot more of us dead. Just this last Saturday presented and excellent opportunity to strike terror into the populace in our nation's capital. John Stewart's "Restoring Sanity and/or Fear" rally saw thousands of people densely packed in what had to have been--judging from the amount of alcohol consumption going on--a very loosely secured area. I've been to other events of similar scale that have been open season on comings and goings. There are opportunities for our enemies to hurt us, hurt us very badly, every day, and they do not take them. I think this is an important issue to point out because fear of a bogeyman is still fear. Richard Nixon said, "People react to fear, not love--they don't teach that in Sunday School, but it's true." Rahm Emmanuel said, "You never let a serious crisis go to waste. And what I mean by that it's an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before." Bill Clinton identified the soccer-moms as the most important demographic in America, and he was right: they way to vast policy change is to connect it to a threat to a soccer-mom's babies. There has been a resurgence in fascist and totalitarian ideology within Western government, all based around a hyped-up version of a nebulous, nefarious "them". We continue to play this security theater because it serves a purpose. The classic answer is that security theater instills confidence in the system. But I think it goes deeper. I think it gives the people a target, something to hate, something we can all agree sucks, and then see the futility of trying to change it. It's an indoctrination system to make "us" accept that the "right" way is a militaristic way. Noted mathematician Ken Perlin has done quite a bit of tinkering in this space on similar systems. In the right column, in the second row, check out the "pen input" experiments http://cs.nyu.edu/~perlin/ Certainly, but we as a society are clearly not anywhere near a healthy attitude towards these things. Why do we believe this "friend" actually exists? As crazy as this time feels right now, it gets worse/better over time. Whatever you're doing now, it will be more in 5 years time. You will look back and ask yourself, "how could I have been so naive?" But at the same time, you couldn't imagine what more you could have known. And this continues, it develops and expands. If you take it for what it is, it's incredibly exciting, because it means the best days are still to come. If I need to get around a XSS limitation, I prefer JSON proxies on the server. I have a server-side handler forward its parameters to the remote request and echo the remote resource's response (with validation) as the proxy's response. Oracle is succeeding in a few short months at a task that Microsoft (through malice) and Sun (through incompetence) failed to perform in over 15 years: the killing of the Java platform. I did something similar to this a few years ago. Specifically, I forced myself to talk to women in open social situations (bars, art galleries, etc). Yes, it gets easier to handle rejection when you've "been through it and lived" before. But one factor that I haven't ever seen mentioned anywhere else: when you have so many concurrent "rejection" opportunities, you start to care less and less about the rejection itself, because it represents a smaller and smaller proportion of your open "prospects" (I hate to word it that way because it's incredibly objectifying, but can't think of any other way to put it). At a certain critical point, it almost becomes a relief to get rejected. And I found that this ease with the situation helped me be more successful in general. People can tell when you're nervous. The more anxious you are about a situation, the more likely you are to fail at it. That's basically true for anything, not just chatting up girls. You worry too much about non-critical issues. So, when I wasn't worried about picking up a date, I could more easily pick up a date. For me, that critical point came when I had three separate first-dates scheduled in the same week. By the rules of my challenge, I had to attempt to follow through on every introduction. I "luckily" hit a dry spell at that point, didn't pick up a 4th date, and quickly whittled it down to just 1 regular relationship in the few following weeks. By that point, I considered the challenge over and successful. I think there is a lesson here for sales. I've worked at a lot of contract development companies that were forced to bend over backwards for their clients specifically because they failed to "date around" for new clients. When a client asks for a major, out-of-scope feature, telling them "no" is a lot easier when there are 5 more waiting to replace them. Now, threats from clients to drop vendors are often way overblown, but it's still important to not end up with all your eggs in one basket. I have car insurance because it is legal mandated. I don't have health or life insurance. The resistance of bad designers against codification of design is astonishing. Good designers recognize that there is a language to design, based in culture. Good design doesn't just happen in a vacuum, radiating fully-formed from betwixt the ears of the design-genius. It has to communicate with the consumer, and that communication has to be effective. It's a similar sort of attitude that we see amongst bad programmers, insisting that day-to-day programming has nothing to do with mathematics. Example: a bad designer would say that abstract paintings can mean anything. A painting of overlapping dark blue orbs could represent anger, or frustration, or happiness. Such a statement would be not only be completely wrong, but downright troubling as to the artists' culturally insensitivity. In Occidental culture, we often use bright reds to represent anger and frustration, and light blues and pinks make happy feelings. Another example: in Japanese culture, white is often symbolic of death. If you're designing a hero character, you will either refrain from dressing the character in white, or you will intentionally dress the character in white, knowing that you seek to make the character an anti-hero. But you cannot effectively make that decision unless you understand the visual language of that culture. The extent to which design cannot be codified by a designer is the extent to which that designer does not understand the culture for which she or he is designing. Every element of design is communicating a piece of information. Every element. That the designer does not understand what a particular element is communicating -- either at all or only on a subconscious level -- does not change the fact that it is there. Art and science are not mutually exclusive pursuits, they are fundamentally intertwined parts of the creation and understanding process. Even advanced quantum and particle physics requires some level of art in designing experiments. Or did you think that those folk at CERN know exactly how to prove and disprove every hypothesis they come up with? Even Einstein knew a thing or two about design: "It can scarcely be denied that the supreme goal of all theory is to make the irreducible basic elements as simple and as few as possible without having to surrender the adequate representation of a single datum of experience.", which we often summarize by saying, "make it as simple as possible, but no simpler." What we understand as "beautiful" is based in cultural traditions. In America, women want to appear tanned, and will use any variety of chemicals to achieve a darker complexion. In the Philippines, they want to appear pale, and will use any manner of chemicals to achieve a lighter complexion. It's not enough to say, "make it beautiful", you have to understand on a fundamental level (and you don't understand something on a fundamental level if you can't articulate it) what that beauty means for your consumers. No, charge would be equivalent to potential energy, resistance would be equivalent to friction, etc. You're confusing a property and objects that effect that property. Why isn't an inerter just a flywheel? thanks "Do not pass go. Do not collect 200 dollars." This isn't a game, there are no hard and fast rules. You can be successful in this world as a highschool dropout and you can live in abject poverty with a PhD in economics. Learn JavaScript, or don't. In about a year, you'll be able to do Python and Ruby in the browser. I'm pretty sure there are JavaScript libraries that will do a conversion for you right now, but Mozilla is pushing to have native support for it anyway. I mean, what was the point of having the DOM if you weren't ever going to access it from anything but JavaScript? You can do C# and VB in the browser right now, too (SilverLight). But really, learn every language. There is no "killer language" to learn. You should be learning them all. And once you get 10 or so under your belt, the others come with little effort. Languages aren't special. They're mostly all the same. edit: and if you thought 6 years ago that PHP was the hot language and 3 years ago Ruby was the hot language, you have only been paying attention to your little corner of the world and need to get out more. Absolutely. Your code is a delusion. You think it does one thing. It does another. Do not care about what the code actually is. Care about what it does. If the code does not meet your needs, then the code is dead (long live the code). Delete it without fear. It's one thing that drives me nuts about working on teams: coming in to a version-controlled section of code that has had bug fix work done on it with large sections of old code commented out. "This didn't work, so here is the new stuff." So why keep the old stuff? "Well, I was worried I'd forget XYZ". Then address it when you find it. Throw away that old code. I would even go so far as to say that out-of-version-controlled code should be discarded with great haste. If you can't rewrite the code from scratch, then you don't understand it. Code lies, cheats, and steals. How do I know it's the code that is at fault? Because it's not the person, and people have needs, and those needs still need to be filled, regardless of whether or not the code does what it says it does. Another fallacy: depression is caused by an external stimulus, some sort of abuse. Abuse and depression are common enough on their own to show that they aren't related. This is probably one of the biggest stumbling blocks for most people to getting treatment for depression: they see it as admitting their life sucks, but know that they don't have terrible lives, so they live with the symptoms because, never understanding why they feel like crap all the time. half of those are for realz in the project I just joined AND we have a home-grown achievement system for stuff like successful builds, broken builds, leaving the office after committing without verifying that the build was good, cursing too much, etc. I'm going to echo that this is not Java, this is just OOP ideology specifically and the culture of programmers generally. It's this sort of programming that has made me seriously reconsider my life choices. Programmers are very opinionated people, and that's great, they're just shit at acknowledging other people's opinions. Here's the thing. Most code that is written in the world is not difficult code. It's pushing data between clients, databases, and consumers. Wrap that shit up in a web interface. Put a transaction log on top of it. Whatever. It's not hard. But some idiot with an MS in CS has to justify their existence. This should be a solved problem by now and we get every Tom, Dick, and BS fucking CS trying to come up with their own solution, complete with articles and white papers on how wrong you are for not doing it their way. I'm sick of the judgmental nature of it all. There is a common phrase in my current office--a certain bit of buggy code is "Doing it Wrong" (and yes, the capitalization happens). In the cases I've seen there, there was certainly a wrongness to the code, but there is no "right" solution, and the proposed fixes weren't any more "right" than the original, they were just politically favored patterns. I need to get out of programming because I hate programmers. The stereotypical programmer is a culture fascist. He sees one way and only one way. well, there goes the only reason I ever used NetBeans. but even as a designer she has failed to demonstrate good design sense. All she has demonstrated is that she's good at copying the en vogue style. All I know is that the proponents of Free Software are constantly trying to tell me what to think and tell me what my ideals should be, whereas just-plain-Open-Sourcers are happy enough to see that I'm using their software, regardless of what I do with it. unfortunately, when you build your software on "everyone gets to be a developer", more often than not it comes out as "everyone has to be a developer". But how can I possibly close your software? I can't stop you from distributing your library in the original form that you created it in. So your software will always be free, regardless of whether or not I abide by the GPL. Wow, it's 2011 and this effect is now poorly implemented in the browser. Way to go, HTML5, way to go. " This is what we call “tight coupling” and I thought that anyone with a Computer Science degree ought to have been taught to avoid it." Unfortunately, there are two reasons why this assumption falls apart. First, there are a lot of non-Computer Scientists out there writing software. Second, the push for everyone-gets-a-degree credentialing and the cries of "we're short on qualified candidates" in industry have led to a serious erosion of standards in universities; either the topics aren't being taught or students are passed without the lesson being absorbed. On the first point, I think this is a good and a bad thing. It's good because it's democratic. It means that more people are finding their own way, it means that systems are getting more intuitive, it means that barriers to entry are being torn down. Literacy is good for everyone. But it's also bad because the actually trained Computer Scientists and Software Engineers, aren't focusing on keeping this process going. Instead, they just want to open consulting firms and roll out yet another CRUD business intelligence Web app. Concerning, to say the least. On the second point, there is a serious problem with the number of people we are graduating through universities. And I don't care what the top universities are doing, there are 50 more low-end state schools and technical schools churning out people to each one of them. I know at my university, I received education in such topics of Software Engineering. BUT--and this is a big but--it was all but unrequired knowledge. I can't say any of it was truly "required", because I ended up working with quite a few of my classmates several years later, and they had forgotten it all. They stood in awe of my prowess as a programmer, when all I was doing was using the same lessons we had all received. If you were good enough at programming to avoid basic syntax errors, you were good enough to get through to the end with a barely passing grade. And few hiring managers care about grades. These people that I graduated with, they have benefited from the democratization of programming as well. We should make this relationship more explicit. Keep Computer Science pure and only graduate people who are up to the chops. Encourage people who want to write websites to go in to Graphic Design. Make programming on equal terms as algebra and creative writing. We all have to study it, we don't all have to be experts, but the people studying the subject specifically had better be held to the highest standards. Users don't want hashbangs. They want faster loading content. Hashbangs are a kludge to get it. This is just one example of the issues that we're running up against with trying to extend HTTP, HTML, and browser technology into an application platform. It's just not suited. HTML 5 is the right answer to the wrong problem. The problem is not how to make HTML more expressive and more powerful. The problem is how to serve applications to users. We need an open standard for WebStart/ClickOnce, not a hack on top of a hack on top of HTML to make web pages appear like applications (with every web designer's own notions as to how to render UI elements and display notifications and control flow, etc.). Next time you see a JQuery modal dialog, ask yourself, "why did someone on the client level have to write this code? Why wasn't it part of the platform?" Why do we have competing implementations of modal dialogs on web apps, in today's day and age? And it's often represented by a severely nested DIV in a section of code that has no meaning to the modal itself. Semantic markup, for sure. _why was infinitely pragmatic. He serves as a constant, near daily inspiration to me, just because he programmed because he wanted to, because he loved it, not because it was his career. I did something somewhat similar to this and have been iterating it for several years http://sqlsiphon.codeplex.com/ I find it interesting that they support text SQL queries, as that was a feature I explicitly left out. My library is about minimizing the amount of repetition in code while supporting calls to stored procedures. Hear, hear. We are supposed to be a nation of laws, not of men. We have allowed our government to create a separate ruling class that is above the law. Any honest reading of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution will admit that the government was meant to be more restricted than the people. hmmm, ammonia is good, so is bleach, put 'em together and noooooo "Code-as-data in Ruby, without the metaprogramming madness. — Read more http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aD4bn5pp32w link is a rickroll. What was the point of that? I don't think we need to be super serious about everything, but at least don't be anti-productive. I was hoping to have a link to a talk or screen-cast demonstrating what Lispy was about. Instead, backwards rickroll. But this is also pretty common for them. They usually have some kind of code name for their projects that eventually gets dropped in the release version. Thanks to everyone who came out. That was a lot of fun. For homework, check out the source code of the Pong game, save it to your computer, and change things in it. Change the color of the paddles. Try to make the paddles bigger or smaller. Change the size of the play field. Try to make the AI harder. There are all kinds of things you can do, and the best way to learn is to stick your hands in it and do it. I'm trying a release-early, release-often project for a tool to facilitate writing (which is subtly different than a text editor). I would be interested if it weren't for the office time requirement. legos are in finite supply and don't shoot back Depends on your market and industry. CSS so complex you need a compiler translator (these things aren't compilers) is doing CSS wrong. >>> Today, Reitter says that question has “about 8 different personal-preference answers”. That's not helpful because “... it drives people away from our platform. Having to potentially evaluate several different languages and their stacks gives potential developers a lot of unneeded extra work.” That makes absolutely no sense. You aren't going to evaluate GNOME as a C developer and thinking about whether or not you're going to use the Python bindings--you're going to use the C bindings. This is just garbage. CSS has a mechanism for defining rules in such a way to abrogate the need for variables. I see far too many people using CSS classes to refer to one or only a handful of things, by a strict hierarchy of the layout of their page. In that case, you're almost always going to run into problems with extremely verbose CSS that repeats itself. But it's completely wrong, it's not how CSS is supposed to be done. If you need a bunch of objects to, say, have the same background color, that's why you can chain selectors. Your common background color would then only be defined in one place. CSS doesn't have to be complex to get complex results. I would call a CSS file any longer than 200 lines a bad code smell. As for browser-specific rules, in my mind they just plain don't exist. Add in an intelligent reset rule-set at the beginning of the file (and no, not one that destroys the margin, padding, and display rules of every single element, but only resets things as needed) then you can easily make completely cross-browser UIs. I have visions of a rube-goldberg style contraption, starting with the car horn activating, scaring a flock of pigeons, knocking over a set of bowling pins, bumping into a lit candle and tipping it under a rope, burning through and releasing a piano on some poor sap's head. No side effects, indeed :) Or, on the other hand, it's a zen koan. If a car honks in a parking garage and no-one is there to hear it, has it even made a sound? Getting at that level of data would be possible if you could access the CAN bus. It's part of the OBD-II standard, but most manufacturers don't forward the CAN bus data to that specific connector hidden under your steering column. However, a few do, and there are other connections in other locations for the other makes. On the Lisp thing, looking around the programming world in 2004, you didn't see proliferation of functional concepts like you do today. In those days, "functional" meant Lisp, at least popularly. I think the big lesson of Lisp has been disseminated, though, and that is that it is more productive to write code-that-writes-code. But I also think we learned a broader lesson that it's better to not pigeon-hole people down into a single paradigm. So what if Company A uses only the functional bits of your language and Company B uses only the object oriented bits, thus making their code "incompatible". Their code would be incompatible even if they could 100% agree on programming paradigms, naming conventions, API patterns. Because programming is so much NOT the syntax of the language, as long as it is not specifically restrictive. That's an interesting point about infix and postfix calculators but no prefix calculators. Though I wouldn't go so far to say there aren't any, I feel pretty sure I've seen one before--though don't care enough to go looking--they do seem pretty rare. I wonder what lisp/scheme/whatever-I-need-to-say-to-get-you-to-stop-being-pedantic would look like with post-fix evaluation. Was he serious with these questions, or were they sideways questions designed to suss out how the tested person thinks? I am extremely contrarian on this issue. While the possibility of someone making your "internal" state inconsistent is a near certainty, it is by no means your problem, nor should it be. Because otherwise you're making a bet that your code is perfect and won't ever NEED having its internals changed by someone other than you. I've dealt with way too many buggy libraries to believe that any such thing as simple as design patterns and coding principles and abstractions and whatever other religions we're teaching in software engineering schools these days made better software. We've had 50 years of software engineering research and we're not making better software. Because it's not the tools' fault. Good workmen will create good results no matter the lack of quality of their tools; bad workmen will create bad results no matter the quality of their tools. I'm done believing the lie that we can hire just anyone for a job, as long as we give them the right tools, the right direction, the right restrictions, the right control . The person behind the tool is far, far more important. The likelihood that the library code is perfect for all purposes is slim-to-none. The implementing developer will thus NEED access to your internals to make use of the library, or else move on to another library. That's basically what Open Source software is all about: dealing with hidden internals through the vendor is too tedious, expensive, and time consuming, so give the implementing developer full access to the source code, the ultimate of "internals". As for the notion that it greatly expands your public interface, again, that is a certainty, and as well extremely not your problem. I guess since I don't use antique programming tools like C in basic, bare text editors, this probably isn't an issue I can completely understand, but if someone changes the interface in a future version, then I... either stick to the old version or change my code to suit. Bug fixes in the new version that didn't get back-ported to the old version? Again, if I just had access to those damn internals , I could do the back-porting myself and it wouldn't be a problem. Or I would learn there is a fundamental failing of the original library that prevents the bug from being fixed. And then appreciate better why the API had to change. Code isn't that hard to change, especially if you stop expecting it to be hard to change. Hell, it's not even a problem for me to use two different versions of the same library so I don't lose functionality over time while I migrate. I like good code, and I like a well designed system, and I used to get really bent out of shape about such things, but I also like living and getting on with my life. Screw it, hack it. It's really not that big of a deal. If it works, it works, and you're done with it until it no longer works. That's the case no matter the scenario, for all N works over time T. That's basically what Test Driven Development is all about: do what is necessary and sufficient, no more, no less, until it's no longer sufficient or necessary. If you're not doing only what is necessary, if you're writing unnecessary code, then you're wasting time that could be spent creating a real work of art that means something to someone, or exercising, or washing your butt. More importantly, you're spending my money on a mental masturbation trip to write code that was never asked for. So yeah, don't hide your internals. You're more likely to drive people away. There is no reason not to. "Should I develop it" always has the answer "yes". it is impossible to tell interest until the project is built. Who, having heard the premise of Twitter in 2005, would have said "Oh yeah, that sounds exactly like something I want"? I think I captured all of this pretty well with "In those days, "functional" meant Lisp, at least popularly." I love C# as a language, I am constantly finding new ways to use it, along with well-thought out restrictions that really help to avoid abusing it. The generics issue you mentioned, along with the lack of lambdas in Java (which is why I think languages like Clojure and Scala have gotten popular) are the two biggest reasons Java is a serious no-go for me. Java is a strictly typed language that makes dealing with types hard. C# is a strictly typed language that makes dealing with types easy. The problem is that there is no community behind it. The vast majority of C# programmers are do-the-bare-minimum-contractors who hang up their keyboard at the end of the day and go home to their Top Chef and NFL on TV. Those people don't contribute to anything in any community, let alone the open source community. There are a lot of ways to be able to do C# for free, both as in libre and as in gratis. Mono has about as big of an OSS community behind it as you will find in C#, and it even has support from Microsoft. The language itself is an EMCA standard, and much of the CLR VM and runtime library are, too. The parts that aren't OSS in the library have very reasonable alternatives, in fact, even if OSS wasn't a concern for you, those alternatives are so good you should probably be using them anyway. And it's in almost every package repository out there, certainly all of the ones I've tried. I personally think setup is a sight easier than Java. I've personally found it a little easier to get setup with Mono that with Java; there is some fragmentation in Java that, while not insurmountable, is still a small annoyance. Yes, you're not going to get a great IDE for it yet. MonoDevelop is buggy in weird ways. You could cheat and run VS Express in WINE, but I have a feeling some people are going to have a problem with that for no good reason other than to have a reason to complain. I'd say, if you're the type of developer that is capable of putting together her entire toolchain from the ground up, C# is one of the best languages out there and it's a shame more people don't consider it. If you need hand-holding, then yes, it's really hard to do C# well on anything other than Windows. It's getting better, and will continue to grow, so don't discount it completely. Express edition has never disallowed commercial use. This is neat, but it's not really that big of a leap. Here is a thing I wrote in 2002, as I was just starting to learn to program. It's a little broken now because the character image didn't get archived, but you get the idea. A lot more was possible, I just didn't quite have the chops before I got distracted by my next project http://www.oocities.org/webspynner_99/games/RPG/rpg.html The fact that browsers are still able to run my shitty code is kind of impressive. But just sayin', it's nice to see this, but even in the "on the web" realm, it's not that big of a leap. It's more of an indication of how much network and processor speeds have advanced in the last 11 years than how much capability of web browser has. The Samsung DROID Charge (that I got a week after it's original release, because it had "the best battery life of the Verizon 4G Android phones". Didn't know yet that that still meant it was shit) had me seriously considering giving up on Android, but somehow I got convinced to try the Samsung Galaxy S3. The phone is amazing, and it's really difficult to imagine that the same company somehow made both phones, a mere year and a half apart. I've never understood the cultural distrust of internal affairs investigations. Why do they have such a persecution complex that it's more important to them to protect their own than to get rid of bad people in their ranks? One of the things that I really love about Vim is that it's the same on every platform, including Windows. Hell, it's the same on my Android device. Is the 1TB Google Drive account complimentary with the purchase? And for how long? Cuz that's $600 in the first year, right there. cargo cultism Congrats, Ruby Team. Always good to see a new release. Onward and forward. And mandatory attendance. You can't force someone to learn when they don't want to. Stop treating schools like prisons and the attendees will stop acting like inmates. I don't agree with most sentences on programming that contains the words "prevent someone from". "Classes, methods or functions should be Open for extension (new functionality) and Closed for modification. This is another beautiful object oriented design principle which prevents some-one from changing already tried and tested code." No, no, no. Let someone modify whatever the hell they want. If they screw it up, that's on them. Quit it with this childish belief that you have to control people. With the exception of service APIs in which everyone is forced to use the latest version, I still don't agree. If we're talking about libraries, nobody is forcing people using the library to upgrade to the latest version (or at least shouldn't be). If you have a good reason to change the interface, change it, don't let the fact that it doesn't match previous versions of the interface prevent you from improving the product. YES! A corollary to this: there are way too many other things to do to obsess over one code base. I hate the concept of "code ownership" as it invariably leads to "arguments when you change 'my' code". YAGNI serves me more often than it hurts me, in this case (as with all such rules-of-thumb, they are double-edged-swords, to mix my metaphors). I try not to write code I don't need until I need it. If an interface is necessary, it'll come out eventually. But I agree, some people get really abstraction happy. Mandatory schooling is more about keeping people OUT of the job market than it is putting people INTO it. If schools were about training, they'd look more like universities (and if universities were about advanced training, they'd look more like business environments). How many kids study to pass the test? How many teachers teach to get the kids to pass the test? And thereafter they forget everything. I see grown-ass adults who can't calculate a simple 20% tip on paper, and more who can't do it in their heads, and that's an EASY one. People, working in industry, who don't know that the US has 50 states. I've seen programmers with computer science degrees counting on their fingers to add numbers. Again, you can't teach something to someone who doesn't want to learn, and you can't prevent someone from learning who does want to. Schools get the credit for education, but they're just present. The mandatory aspect did nothing. The problem is the classroom environment itself. The lecture format is an antiquated relic. We don't ever do the lecture format again once we leave school, which I think is pretty good evidence that it's garbage. You might submit conferences as a counterexample, but I would submit them in favor of my argument. so "we" have to provide mandatory schooling and a value judgement on what constitutes the "correct" schooling, but "you" have to deal with societal issues. I don't know. My best friend from growing up was not bullied in any way (we were homeschooled and he was the popular one in our knot), but some sociology class in college made him internalize the notion that "names really do hurt" and it eventually tore our friendship apart. He couldn't differentiate between good-natured ribbing and bullying. I knew this guy for 25 years and "names really do hurt" turned him into a dullard who couldn't hang out with the guys and have a drink. The advent of HR departments as gate keepers rather than employee facilitators is probably a significant factor in the ever growing incompetency in corporate America. You have people who have no domain knowledge about the job trying to select resumes out of a hat, essentially. Both the systems they have created and the abysmal results are inevitable. Really interesting stuff. I had once attempted to build a genetic algorithm for manipulating the synapse weights, specifically because of the problems of traditional back-propagation falling into local minima (unfortunately, some serious shit at work made it drop by the wayside). This RBM approach sounds better than back-propagation, but it also sounds like it would be prone to runaway feedback. One of the performance problems with neural networks is that the number of cores on a typical machine are far less than the number of input and intermediate nodes in the network. The output nodes are less of a concern as you're trying to distill a lot of data down to a little data, but there is no reason to treat them differently. There are (very few) examples of NNs on GPUs, so that helps, but I've recently been curious to try a different, more hardware-driven approach, just because one could. Texas Instruments has a cheap DSP chip that you'ns are probably familiar with called the MSP430. It's pretty easy to use, the tool chain is free and fairly easy to setup (especially for a bunch of professional software devs like us, right? right? Well, there's an Arduino-like tool now, too, if not), costs around 10 cents in bulk for the simplest version, requires very few external parts to run (something like a power source, 1 cap, and two resistors), and it has a couple of serial communication protocols built in. I'm quite fond of the chip; I've used it to build a number of digital synthesizers and toys. For about $50 and quite a bit of soldering time, you could build a grid of 100 of these, each running at 16Mhz, and I bet with a clever design you could make them self programmable, i.e. propagate the program EEPROM over the grid. Load up a simple neural network program, maybe even having each chip simulating more than one node, and interface it with a PC to pump data in one end and draw it out the other. It might not be more useful than the GPGPU approach, but having physical hardware to play with and visualize node activity through other hardware would be a lot of fun. Yes, I think the advent of cheaply available hardware prototyping is making something like the Connection Machine and Transputers a more viable target for home-grown research. Wouldn't it be neat to be able to make a kit for building one's own Lisp machine, complete with an open, hackable, live-inspectable, Lisp OS? I.e. recreate 40 years ago. How about converting nodes between data storage and processing? There's just a lot of potential fun here. It's no doubt difficult to scale, but there is no hobby-scale project that I'm aware of doing something like this. A quad-core Beast-PU from Intel or AMD is great if you're looking to get work done, but terrible if you're looking to open the hood and poke at the bits and innards. The most I've seen lately has been someone loading an existing cluster OS on 64 Raspberry Pis calling it a day. There might even be some interesting considerations for power efficiency and algorithms for disabling and reenabling nodes in the graph. There might even be some insights learned on improvements and/or exploits for other processor network systems that currently exist, like vehicle CANbuses. That's pretty neat. Thanks for the link, I know a few other people who would be interested in this, too. are the changes reversable? Balls. I'm usually not so bad of a speller, but I've apparently been making that mistake since 1995. Hear, hear. To be dismissed as clock-punchers like that is... well I can't say it's entirely unexpected. I've been dealing with it for years now. I saw an opportunity in college to learn a great programming language that none of my peers were studying and it has paid me very well ever since then. But all along the way, I've received this very attitude, this "oh, you're not a real developer because you use the Evil Closed Source Software." And it's disingenuous, because they gave up on Linux for OS X years ago, with .NET being more open source than any of my former classmates are now working on (well, the ones who didn't finally give up trying to get jobs at Fedora and finally taught themselves C#). It is just such a turn off. You work hard and do good work and get ignored for a bunch of people who only think they're inventing new things because they've never seen anything outside of Rubython before. So you don't make mention of doing .NET to avoid getting dismissed from the start and then everyone thinks nobody does anything in .NET because they've never heard of it in the pop-tech press. But I think I'm just about over it. I've got my own core set of code that I use. It makes me super productive. I know I can do anything I set my mind to. I don't need acceptance from the trendy crowd to get good work done. So this essentially sounds like "You gotta work at it to get it done." Yes, he still holds the copyright to the media, he has just declared a free, non-exclusive, unlimited license for the entire world. Yes, absolutely. When I worked as an employee, I would have a growing stack of all the things my co-workers printed (why do they print so much shit?) and I would write on the backs to try to get some use out of their paper. That is just for incidental notes, though. Any note that is just for remembering over the next few minutes to an hour goes on whatever scrap of paper I can find. But much longer-lived notes go into one of my growing stacks of notebooks. I use unlined art pads with ring binder sides for even technical notes. I scribble sketches and ideas at random in them, and mix in more serious drawings. They become a sort of journal for me, as I hate writing classical journal style. I keep them, then look back through the old ones every once in a while. It is a good review of how far I've come and also helps me recapture good ideas I had and dropped because either I wasn't ready or I got distracted by something else. Biggest disappointment of my teenage years: no induction into a secret cadre of American ninjas to go along with my black belt to help our master avenge his murdered wife. I blame it on our instructor not having a murdered wife. Just a wife few would miss if she were. I do some drawing with quill pens and tubs of ink. The sound off the sharp tip scratching across the paper is very relaxing, and the look is distinctly different from ballpoints. This is actually less of a solution than my solution, because the printing of the paper is certainly a waste of the paper, the old coworkers didn't need to be printing anything, let alone on both sides of the paper. At least my note taking was constructive. But I've solved the problem in an even better way, I just plain don't work in an office with coworkers anymore. how about we just stop using keys that have no semantic meaning to their data, period? then what is the point of ever having a unique constraint I'm actually somewhat offended by your barchart. You've made a 30% increase look like a 1000% increase. This is an inappropriate use of a barchart. Especially considering that 30% is impressive enough. I have the same Withings scale that he mentioned in the article. I can swing a full 5 percentage points a day on my body fat reading depending on how hydrated I am. I have better things to do with those two hours of exercising plus preparing/cleaning up after exercising. A walking desk combines work and exercise. yes, but walking slowly is nearly indistinguishable from sitting in terms of calorie burn rate. I don't know if Google and Apple are the ones to blame here. The record labels seeking to systematize pop music (as they always have, but have apparently perfected in recent times) are the ones who have destroyed music. Google and Apple created the marketplace, sure, but they've also lowered the barriers to entry for independent artists to compete with their "clearly superior music". It's an age old argument, if art is so valuable, then why can't we get more value out of it? If Ke$ha and Bieber are so devoid of value, then why do they bring so much value to their owners? But I'm not trying to argue about "what is art" and "what is good art". There is a distinctly big difference between good and bad art, and the lack of recognition for the good stuff in favor of the bad stuff is a matter of priorities on behalf of the artists. Good artists are art geeks. As PG wrote in Hackers and Painters, if they really wanted to be more popular, they would work at it. Artists who claim they wish they were more popular are mistaken: they would rather be principled and unpopular than popular and unprincipled. So I understand why Yorke is upset. But I don't think Yorke understands why he will continue to be upset. Okay, didn't know Meetup was caught-on down here. I used to use Meetup in Philly and would see a lot of notices for Meetups in NYC but never noticed anything in the DC area. Thanks. I agree with you. There are way too many cases of people making generalized arguments "you shouldn't do XYZ in programming because it's slow/confusing/etc" that really just have no place being uttered unless they can show mathematical proof it is too much to bother with in every situation. Back in the 80s and early 90s it was "no compiled language should ever be used for critical software", and then in the late 90s and early aughts it was "no VM'd language". Now what? It's all there is! You'd be nuts to NOT use a VM'd language. And the only reason we know any better is because people ignored the received wisdom and just did their own thing. Keep doing your own thing. I get your point, and that's pretty much what I meant. You need to have very specific reasons. I would argue a code profile would only prove a specific case, instead of a general case. But the point remains, "best practices" aren't theorems. They are used by more programmers as CYA than as good software development strategies. In regards to X and it's growing pains, in the era of source control, why is backwards compatibility with ancient systems still a concern? If you're trying to put together an old OS for some old hardware, why not take it out of the source history and let the head progress forward unhindered? About 9 months ago, I had a severe bout of food poisoning. I had gotten so dehydrated that I passed out briefly and was physically unable to pick myself up out of an awkward position between the toilet and the wall next to the toilet. I was unemployed at the time (but working, trying to get a software product off the ground on my own) and had no emergency medical insurance. My roommate (thank God I had one) took me to the ER where they gave me a mild anti-nausea drug and pumped me full of fluids. The hospital only charged me about 40% of the full bill, due to my "hardship" of being unemployed. Still, it was $1200 for nothing a little weed and a gallon of Gatorade wouldn't do. Most of the bill was to have a doctor walk in the room, make a few jokes at me, and leave. If I knew I'd be paying for a standup routine, I would have preferred to go see Louis C.K. and saved $1100. I still haven't bought health insurance, which is certainly a gamble, but so is buying health insurance. When you buy health insurance, you're betting against the insurance company that you're going to put less money into insurance premiums than you're going to get out as benefits. In the last 2 and a half years of not having health insurance, that one ER trip is the only medical need I've had. In the end, $1200 was a lot less than I would have paid in premiums. So far, I'm winning my gamble. I liked this one commentor as well, "she did NOT have the budget 4 Dat, and did I know anyone who would do it for FREE?" I get this a lot from technical recruiters. "Your hourly rate is too high, but do you know anyone else?" Dude, my friends are all pros and we all come at a high price. And I'm certainly not going to do your job for you tracking them down. GTFO. Or when people in malls try to hand me flyers, "I'm not throwing your garbage away for you." Which is actually not that big of a different risk if I had insurance. Just because I have insurance doesn't mean A) that my cancer would be treatable, B) that the treatment would be desirable, or C) that my insurance would be sufficient to cover it. People get screwed over by their insurance companies all the time. In the specific case of cancer, I'm not sure the treatment is worth it. I've seen a lot of people go through really awful treatments that ruined the quality of their last few months/years, only to die anyway. I don't want to put my families through the emotional and financial burden of that. I've personally never seen any insurance that fully covered someone's cancer treatment. In the end, cancer always gets you. You could do everything to try to prevent every other cause of death, but cancer will always eventually get you. That's a big part of why I'm working on the things I care about now, rather than waiting for some nebulous "future" when I have "enough money". That future may never come. There seems to be some level of encouragement for letting old discussions fall away, though. The ranking algorithm specifically has it built in. It's not magic, it's just math. The cross product [1] between the vector of the mouse movement and the vector of the mouse's location to the menu's top left corner tells you the relative orientation of the two vectors. Compare that to cross product in regards to the menu's bottom left corner and you can easily figure out that the mouse must be moving towards the menu. This is much easier than figuring out the bounding triangle that the person drew in this article and then figuring out if the mouse is inside of it. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross_product Balls, you are correct, dot product is the correct operation, not cross product. Been a while since graphics ops were on my table. EDIT: Well, cross product would work, too, if you extended the 2D vectors into 3D vectors, coplanar in the screen. The orientation of the cross product into or out of the screen would also tell you the relative orientation of the two vectors. So then, you'd be looking for the two cross products with differing signs on the Z component to tell you if it's "in the triangle". After some playing around, dot product won't do it. You can get close with dot product, but it really only gives you the general direction. Cross product (and really, only calculating the Z component of the cross product of coplanar 3D vectors) will get it exactly right every time. So basically, for a moving between two mouse points (Ix, Iy) and (Ax, Ay), and a top left menu corner (Bx, By) and bottom left (Cx, Cy), then: DAx = Ax - Ix DAy = Ay - Iy DBx = Bx - Ix DBy = By - Iy DCx = Cx - Ix DCy = Cy - Iy Z1 = DBx * DAy - DAx * DBy Z2 = DCx * DAy - DAx * DCy Then, you know you're headed towards that menu if Z1 0. Could be simplified a little if you assume the X component of the top left corner of the menu will be the same as the X component of the bottom left corner, but the math was clearer to keep them separate. And if you have any convex polygon as an ordered, circular list of points proceeding clockwise, then you can easily loop around the points checking your cross product values making sure they are all greater than 0 to determine if the point is in the polygon. You'll have to tessalate concave polygons into a list of convex polygons, but that's eaaaaaasy ;) Answer: The story is not "Rose could have saved Jack", the story is "Jack dies in the end", no matter how big or small the plank needs to be. The quality of graphics that we see in modern games has more to do with art assets then with programming of the game engine. Take a close look at the surroundings in your next game session. Every single thing in the game at some point had to be modeled by a person. When you're just starting with a project, you don't have those various and detailed models available. What you saw here was the "programmer art" version, which is actually pretty good for programmer art. And apparently "explore for yourself" worked for Minecraft. Any style of game can be successful, it just takes a good gameplay element on top of it to make it. le sigh. I'm not even really sure how to reply to you, because there seems to be a complete lack of common ground here. Let me try again. Garriot programmer. Garriot not artist. Garriot no choose art direction. Garriot just want to make program. Garriot just use whatever model laying around on hard drive. No, it's not strange to create prototypes without choosing an art direction. Games are typically products of real substance. They aren't your random Rails+Illustrator startup making something flashy and pretty, banking on everyone being distracted by their "elegance" long enough to make a few bucks before the users realize they offer nothing of real substance. Art in a game is content. You can substitute any content into the game and the gameplay will be unaffected. If the game can stand on its own with unattractive content, then it will be even better with pretty content. If a game needs pretty content to catch your attention, then it's probably not a good game. And that is where game projects fail, when they don't offer anything of substance. My point about Minecraft was that your point about "exploring on your own" not being a good concept for a game didn't hold water. A game concept can be anything, if you make it substantial. It's amazing how few supposedly educated people understand the concept of sunk costs. What's the best time to stop flushing money down the toilet? Do you think we should continue longer because we have been doing it for so long, or would it be better to stop now? Right, the big words "PROTOTYPE" didn't confirm that they are placeholder graphics. Jesus Christ, remind me to never post a work in progress on HN. If someone as big as Richard Garriott can't get some basic respect, what chance do the rest of us have? I have so much more important things to worry about than the withertos and whyfors of fonts. Screen readers have already been mentioned. But also, how about people from cultures that don't play chess? How about people from cultures that do play chess that just haven't ever given time to the game? I learned to play chess when I was a kid, but never had anyone to play with. The internet wasn't any help, either, because when you're a kid it's just not that much fun to constantly have your ass handed to you in a game. I gravitated to other games as a result. And now this thing just gives me that same sense of dread, of "I have no idea what the hell I'm doing", even though I know all of the rules of the game, because I'm so not involved in the culture of the game at all. Congrats, you've alienated several classes of users. Call it bravery, or confidence, but it is absolutely essential to making progress in anything. You can see its antithesis in bad code. Bad programmers leave old code commented out instead of deleting it, lacking confidence that they understand the task well enough to know that their new code performs sufficiently. Bad programmers copy pasta instead of abstracting and reusing, lacking the bravery to change code that works and potentially breaking it, lacking confidence to know that they can fix it. I tell all my intern intends to "code forth bravely". Refinements look exactly like C# Extension Methods. There are a lot of things that can be said about the "average" programmer in such-and-such languages, what they do and don't do, what habits they have, etc. But I'm not interested in working with merely average people. I expected Processing to be higher. Well, I guess people who use Processing aren't likely to even know what source control is, let alone Stack Overflow. A forum site I used to frequent had a bug that allowed you to discover hidden email addresses. It was a "bug" that the admins knew about quite well and kept for their own convenience. You could search for users by email address, with a wildcard automatically appended to the end of your search, and it would display all of the users who matched, even if their email address was not displayed. So, you start with "a", then go to "b" and "c", until you see the user you care about show up. Then, you go on to "ca", "cb", "cc", "cd", etc., until you're finally left with only one user because you have "that_one_asshole_who_hated_me@my_own_damn_employer.com". well then, it should be a simple matter to WalMart them out of business. It's this sort of attitude, "well, it's the lawyers' fault, you can't blame the engineers" that helps enable this sort of garbage. Yes, you absolutely can blame the engineers. They choose to work at IBM and choose to stay there even after they learned about the patent happy nature of the company. Same goes for every other patent happy company. You can't continue to patent everything under the sun if you don't have engineers finding it for you. "Just following orders" hasn't been a good excuse longer than software has been a significant field. I think that he probably doesn't care if he hurts the fragile feelings of the types of people who think of JavaScript as a "low level" language and probably doesn't want to work at a place that would hire such people. Trick question. I really wouldn't want to work for someone, period :P There is nothing wrong with admitting you were wrong or admitting someone else was right. It shows maturity. that was implicit in my statement Uh, engineers are just people. They aren't any different from other people in the wild. ah. sorry. This is a big part of why I left Web dev, too. I'm just sick of working with amateurs. When I'm at work, I have things I want to get done. This isn't the classroom, my teammates' lack of comprehension of even things as simple as dependency injection and MVC is their fault, not mine. My productivity and coding power shouldn't have to be hampered just because I'm working with a bunch of code-until-it-works-sorta hacks. this actually sounds like exactly what I want... Counter: The Constitution is a suicide pact. The notion that individual rights are more important than Government is a pretty clear thread though out the document, and that one should not conflate the Government of the particular day with The Nation as a whole. I think it's pretty clear with even a cursory reading of such documents as the Declaration of Independence and the Preamble to the Constitution that the standing belief was that Government should be destroyed and rebuilt if it ever stopped serving the people. Such as when it falls into a perpetual state of war. Like they complained about England doing. I think it was well envisioned and it's well on script. However, the Founders believed the separation of powers between branches would create adequate checks and balances to prevent it from happening. I think they failed to envision the case where said branches would collude and ignore the rules to protect each other's power quid pro quo, and most people would not notice and not be bothered. I'm in the camp of believing it would just get taken over by the same people who are screwing up the political process now. I don't think there is anything to prevent the amendment process from working, other than some weird cultural issues behind people thinking "that's not something you do anymore", like somehow amendments are miracles and since the sacrifice of Jesus there aren't any more miracles in the world (just as an analogy of a thing people believe, not an endorsement of said belief). It's just too easy to test the legal envelope without any repercussions. Don't like the limits on your power that the Constitution has in place? Pass the law you want anyway and see if anyone notices. Fake-it-till-you-make-it. The Constitution means whatever fantasy Congress and the President says it means, redefined words and all. In order for The People to be secure, the people need to have their personal security violated. In order for Freedom to live on, freedom must be curtailed. It's not until the Supreme Court has someone shove it in their face too hard for them to ignore it that anyone even starts to look at the provisions of these bills. And then the same guys who passed the first one just try again, often with nearly identical wording to the last time, until everyone is just too damned tired to keep fighting. Let's create an Amendment to hold congresscritters accountable--say, with jail time--for passing laws that violate the Constitution. The Constitution is law with most of its provisions lacking codified punishments. I think only Treason is defined with an explicit punishment in the Constitution. If the Supreme Court decides a law gets struck down because it is unconstitutional, then all the names on the list of sponsors for the bill go to jail. The Amendment could be that all new Amendments must have a codified punishment and all previous Amendments need to have punishments amended to them. Stop Cowboy Government. Better to remember that the individuals that make up the whole are still independent individuals and that the whole as an entity only exists in our minds. We have a tendency to anthropomorphize things. Corporations, Congress, religions, anything that is a group of people can be thought of as a unique, distinct entity of its own. But really, they aren't. Congress isn't one thing, it's 535 people who each have their own brains, their own decision structures. It may be a convenient model to treat them as a single entity at times, but as with all models, it is only an approximation and fails in corner cases. I pushed a lot of people to remember this when governing our hackerspace. The space was not a thing without the people in it. A lot of people were talking about "the needs of the space" and "where the space was going", talking like there was a creature called The Space who had her own wishes and desires and we needed to be considerate of them. Once we broke that lunacy down, we saw that nobody actually wanted the things people said The Space wanted, it was just assumed these were things everyone wanted, so they went along to not violate the sanctity of The Space. The Constitution falls into anthropomorphizing Congress. It says, "Congress shall make no law", not "The people in Congress shall make no law." It's the old kid's joke of, "who broke the cookie jar? Nobody! Wow, this Nobody guy sure does break a lot of stuff." If Congress did it, than no individual did it. If Congress is held accountable for something, then no individual can be held accountable. Yes, you are right. I just woke up. Necessary but not sufficient. I've worked with a lot of very experienced, very persistent people, and I'm sure they even had good taste, but they were shitty coders. In fact, their persistence was a requirement for them to be able to get their jobs done at all, given how bad they were. I've also recently found flyway ( http://flywaydb.org/ ). Seems similar, with the added bonus of not doing everything in XML. You have to know how MVC works before you get to decide not to use it. Why are self-espoused feminists so sex-negative? I've thought about it more, and I think my question is more appropriately, "why are corporations so sex-negative"? Adria Richards didn't tattle on these two men because she is a "feminist". Is she a feminist? Who knows. I don't think "not working to the detriment of women" counts anyone as a feminist--being decent towards women should be the default state without a specific name. Her actions were more likely driven by a need to seek validation for being a good, compliant worker, in the corporate mold, as expected of her. Her expectation that she would gain more attention for complaining about the absolutely minuscule sexual content of their jokes than she would for complaining about disruptive noisiness indicates a corporate culture that is so sex-negative that it cannot tolerate even the mere mention of sex. By extricating such a fundamental aspect of the human condition from the place where people spend most of their waking lives, it serves to dehumanize the worker. The message is, when you are at work, you are not a person with needs, you are a part of the corporate machine. The dehumanization enables further. Why dip into record corporate profits for seniority-based raises when the worker fulfills no greater functional role to the company, regardless of inflation impacting the employee's real net worth just as much as it helps the company's valuation? And the self-policing compliance of informant systems builds a distrust between coworkers, thereby preventing attempts to collectively act against the corporation. The worker is thus merely one, solitary unit, easily bullied into the most profit maximizing mold. Dear Google, please stop arbitrarily bumping your version numbers so you don't have to hear complaints about open source contributions being ignored. Do you seriously expect us to believe you got through 25 real, full versions in 4.5 years? Sincerely, "one guy not trying to talk for everyone". No. Assault rifles require a federal license to purchase. I'm sorry, but I fundamentally disagree with your core premise. Lies. It's just all lies. Getting fired from my last real job, over a year ago, was one of the best things that could have ever happened to me. Haven't starved yet! Yep, and it pays well enough that I even get to take large amounts of time off. I basically keep a teacher's yearly schedule, having fun all summer, working through the spring, fall, and winter, making as much as when I had a boss breathing down my neck. I lost 20lbs and found the woman I'm going to marry. And I've been completely debt free for the last 3 months. It's been amazing. Mostly database systems. Building a custom ERP system for a client right now, .NET/SQLServer now (because that is what I know best), SomethingFree later when their crushing work debt is over (and the system I'm making will help them get rid of their work debt, the system they are running right now is awful). But I've also done some minor hardware prototyping and graphic design work for a few people. It's basically whatever people want me to do, having gained a reputation for being a guy who can figure things out. Hell, I've even made enough money for random toys off of my own line of t-shirts aimed at military veterans. It's been nuts, all of the different things I've gotten into in just the last year. Without the soul crushing traditional employment arrangement, I'm able to really get a lot of new projects going. Even considering opening a coworking space in which I charge desk-rent! They try sometimes, and then I tell them that I'm not going to do what they want but what they need. The lack of debt thing makes it really easy to be up front with clients, which somewhat ironically makes it less likely any issues will grow to the point that one or both halves of the relationship end up disgruntled. how? why? Code size has no relationship to game world size. Interactions are the unit of size for games. If you pay attention to what is going on in this video, it is actually very "small". I think everyone forgets that Minecraft's big feature is not its graphics or its gameplay, it's the procedural content generation. Almost anyone could learn to do Minecraft-level graphics in a few weeks, and the level of interactions (combat, crafting, moving things) could be reasonably approximated, too. But its procedural content generation algorithm is quite complex. You're not going to make an algorithm quite as nice as Minecraft's without a lot of research, a lot of hard work, and a lot of tweaking time. I have tried to get this point across at every place I have worked. Management covets micromanagement, so stands turn into status meetings. Shock! Horror! Gasp! You mean someone can be accomplished in academics without following the Standard Academic Track That Is Designed By Our Benevolent Government And Their Patriotic Comrades In University To Provide Thou With A Most Efficient And Complete Education?! I agree with Estel. What you have written here is no reflection of the reality I grew up in. There weren't a lot of games. There were just under 1000 NES games for both the US AND Japanese market (combined), and the total clocks in at about 200MB in size. The 30+ games you saw were probably the entire library of unique games for the platform. The games we had yesteryear sucked. Really, really sucked. Most of them were bare derivatives of each other. For every Super Mario Bros. 3 there were 5 clones of Arkanoid. The controls were bad, the artwork was bad, the framerates were bad. We just didn't know they sucked because we didn't have better games yet. Look at some of the best games on the market back then, games like Megaman or Star Fox, and they are are only popular as nostalgia pieces today. I don't consider Golgo 13 or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for the NES; PilotWings or DOOM on the SNES; Driver or Grand Theft Auto 3 on the PlayStation; to be anything close to playable games today, but I remember playing all of them for hours and liking it, because that was really all we knew. And the games were not cheap. The NES retailed at $300 in the US when it debuted in 1985. That'd be almost $650 today. Super Mario Bros. 3 (the pinnacle of the series, IMO) debuted in 1990 at a price point of $60--over $105 in today's dollars. Chrono Trigger on the SNES debuted at $80 in 1995--over $120 today. I remember paying $70 for Yoshi's Cookie in 1992 (because I was 10 and that was all the Christmas money I had and I really, really wanted. My mother and I played it together for hours. It was great). That'd be $115 today for a puzzle game I could rewrite in a weekend now. I don't know what you're talking about with "$5 games". You're praise of Sega Channel just further underscores that you were probably too young to understand money back in this time. It was $15/mo in 1994 when the only subscription services anyone had were telephone and TV cable (and you were "rich" if you had cable). I remember my father freaking out over a $20 telephone bill one month in the 90s: I regularly pay almost $100/mo for my cellphone today. The downloads constantly failed and you could only play the games for an hour before they reset. This is a big part of why I stopped using Twitter. Of course, every tool has its uses and misuses, and Twitter can be an excellent way of discovering new content from favorite producers, but using it myself turned into a popularity contest. PG writes about popularity contests in Hackers and Painters, and how geeks prefer doing and learning over winning popularity standing. I didn't read H&P until after I had quit Twitter (and largely quit Facebook. Facebook is nothing more now than "email from my mother"). But that resonates well with me. I found myself tracking trending hash tags and trying to come up with witty, pithy tweets that I could also hashtag in kind. I had specific strategies that I would test and track the retweets and replies. It was kind of sick, looking back at it now. But looking back at my internet life, it wasn't always like that. If you consider the BBS and web forum to be proto-social networks, this type of behavior (in certain communities) was neither broached nor tolerated. A much greater emphasis on discourse existed. In certain online communities, posting "+1" or "first" (or its more recent analogs "this" or "feels") was a fast track to banning. But those networks had something that Facebook and its ilk lack: administrative moderation, either by a staff of people or by community members with elevated privileges. They were also geared towards the long form of prose, rather than the pithy-saying style. Twitter still has it's 140 character limit; it is considered the culture of Twitter. Facebook for many people functionally had the same limit as they interfaced with it through MMS. I don't know if they still do now, but at one time Facebook had a character limit on status updates and replies; even if those limits were removed now, the vast majority of Facebook's users are trained towards them now, and we see a new article every week talking about Facebook being unable to attract "new, teenage" users. Similarly, Tumblr's easiest levels of contribution are the reblog and photoshares. When the discourse is so severely limited, then there can't be a discourse. People will revert to what is easiest: posting things that are not meant to engender discourse. People brag, always have, it's natural. But the signal to noise ratio is much worse now because services like Twitter, Tumblr, and Facebook make the noise so much easier to create than the signal. EDIT: sorry, typos, still on my first cup this morning. What about hunters and police officers and security guards and sport shooters? This is the nature of living in a free society (or at least what parts of one that are left). You don't get to dictate what other people do. If you release your code "free to the world", you have to open your idealistic eyes and realize that that might include things you aren't comfortable with. And to maintain consistency with the views that led you to opening your code, you have to be okay with it. That is the unfortunate conceit of most people who claim to be tolerant and open minded, they often mean "but only for things I approve of". Yeah, but then you're still working in PHP. I cannot state clearly enough, PHP will not help you. Neither in your project or in your career. If you are doing PHP, do everything in your power to switch to something else. There is no use case for PHP that is not better served by something else. Your view of the marketing department expressed in this strip is why they are likely to avoid involving you in their decisions. People can tell when others feel contempt towards them, and it is not a trait that attracts people. There is a reason Jimmy Fallon had a tech-guy skit on SNL for so long. Given the culture of Microsoft, Excel is exactly the tool that its users need it to be. MS isn't going to take chances with a major profit center like Office. I challenge anyone to make Excel as good as it is for all of its users.