Actually it's very similar to StrikeDisplay (posted a while back, but I don't think anyone saw it): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1816482 http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com SD tries to handle things like child objects dispatching events up the display chain and implementing an AS3-style pseudolanguage... Amen! "We have like a, uh, screenshot prototype. We don't have a uh, per se, working prototype." Naval should have stopped them right there and said, "so, did you guys just meet on a bus stop and come up with this?" Sorry, I just had to go back to that part where two really truly retarded things are said back to back: "We started to iterate the product..." Translation: We smoked some weed and someone was like, "Dude, IPHONE APP!" "How scalable do you think our idea is, do you think it's a good idea?" Not sure where to start but, Dude, is "Scalable" like the new "dope"? "sick"? "rad"? "dudical?" "mega"? Javascript fail. Crashes Firefox 3.6.16. Screenshot: http://tinyurl.com/627mftb ...just curious, how did you implement this over a regular phone line? Nice. I've been thinking about moving some domains out of there all week, since I got a creepy phone call from one of their reps telling me one was expiring next month. Thanks, as if I didn't already get the four million emails and the twelve trees you chopped down reminding me of this. cool. wish it worked with 10.5.8. Very true. I've used an Air as my only development and design machine for 2 years now; I love it; the thing has only 2Gb of RAM and it's still blazing fast for most everything. This is completely due to the SSD, which wasn't standard when I bought it, but seemed worth splurging for. I sleep better at night with less moving parts. When I sleep. Which I don't. Anyone can be a mentor or investor in some walk of life. Anyone can be a founder, creator or student in another. Anyone can mod their own, or someone else's news list. A tool without restrictions, operating on a finite set of rules. You decide whether it evolves to be used for good or evil. YC is great, but it's essentially closed to other investors and, while the program is merit-based, it's a closed selection process. HN is nice because there's a meritocracy at work; the concept is to allow that type of meritocracy to force both investors and entrepreneurs to have to work for one another's attention. The site is just a conduit for BPs or proposals from the most motivated idea-people to get into the hands of the most motivated action-people in any area. And every area can be broken into two parties with a mutual interest in industry news, who need to sift through each other to find the best people on the opposite team to work with. So; this is just an engine based on that concept, with up/down votes serving as an objective determinant every month. Right. You fill in your proposal, which is kept hidden. If you're in the top 10-rated "grasshoppers" in a subcom, at the end of the month, your proposal gets packaged into a nice email that goes out to just the top 5-rated "sensei" or experts. Thanks. I pro'lly gotta work on that. I get a little carried away once I start CSS'ing. I have, and there are a few investors who are waiting to see what happens here. Myself included. It's got to be an organic process; hopefully some people with great ideas will start posting and sharing their concepts, and it will snowball. Although I should stress I don't see this as a primarily IT-oriented site, it could become anything, or go in any direction, depending on who gets involved. In a lot of ways it's an experimental, theoretical model. I have no idea if it will really work, but I can imagine a lot of interesting proposals being collected that would be interesting opportunities for investors, who in turn will have to work to get their ratings up, in order to see those proposals. Okay. CSS and color scheme need to be improved. Definitely need to think of how to explain the message more clearly. Nicer graphics, easier-to-read fonts. Check. What does everyone think of the idea of a user-controlled, up-ranking newsgroup where the highest rated investors receive the proposals from the highest rated entrepreneurs? I know the site isn't beautiful. It's a concept. I just wanted to get the bare bones framework in place and launch it... Of course I want it to be pretty, but I'm more concerned about whether the idea can hold water. I spent a week on it because that's how long it took to write the code; the "graphics" took about an hour. I want to test the function before I spend time beautifying. I want to know if this idealistic model actually pans out and rewards the investors who take the time to rank on it. Specifically, at the end of the month, I want to see the quality of the proposals that go to investors and whether we get any interesting startups funded out of it. Hopefully in green tech, non-profits/NGOs, etc, as that's where I'd really like to see this go. Yeah, it looks great. Thank you for taking the time and interest to do something like that. I emailed you, but in case it hit your spam (probably), it's from info@opencombinator.com Just a quickie note. I'm a designer. You wouldn't know it from the site I posted here last week, but then that was about code, not design, and CSS ain't my thing. Most of my design work is in print, especially food packaging, brochures, ads; but I've also done art for the sides of buildings 120ft wide. If you've ever bought sushi at a market in the US you've seen my work :\ Anyway, you really get what you pay for with design, and few people who pay for it are actually willing to recognize that. 99designs is great if you're a tight-fisted carwash owner in Dallas or something. And it might be fine if you're just looking for a stupid logo for a template site. Beyond that, you need people who are actually trained to do this stuff. Basically what's missing in the wide-open "I have Illustrator too" market isn't communication; it's coherence. You hire one guy to do a logo, a girl to handle a header, someone else to do some ads. Or you hire one person but pay them per hour to do each of those things, rather than giving them 10 hours pay up front to come up with a master vision that will tie the mess together. Any designer who says, "logo, no prob" without noticing that you have no well-laid-out color palette, no consistency in your typography, should be fired before (s)he's hired. They should refuse to do work for you before you figure out what you want. That's how you know you're dealing with someone who knows what they're doing. I think the concept of pooling a designer is great, if the designer is great; and not great if you end up with a lousy designer. You're still gonna pay hourly. If you're paying under $35/hr., you're getting someone who's unemployed, probably for a reason. If you pay between that and $100/hr., you're probably going to get someone who isn't really capable of art direction. And if your pool isn't capable of that, then you're going to get poor results. Yes it's vital to security, but it's one of two components here that should be separated. The encryption itself is crucial to a lot of applications now that simply can't be spoofed. That wasn't really true 20 years ago. But now, just to achieve most kinds of load balancing you need a wildcard cert, and while there's obviously no reason that should cost 10x a single subdomain cert, there's also no obvious reason that the verification itself should be tied to the encryption. Encryption is good, in and of itself, with or without verification for most security purposes. MitM attacks can happen just as easily if someone fails to notice that there's no little padlock in their URL bar. It's a separate issue, and one shouldn't have to pay a corrupt mafia for access to browsers' encryption capabilities if all you're looking for to secure your users. Don't forget too that most browsers will poll the user whether to accept a self-signed cert for the page the user's trying to load, but will simply fail when a service in that page tries to pull data over SSL from a domain with a self-signed cert. Flash, JS, etc. I've been experimenting recently with spreading out databases geographically and letting clients (and to a lesser extent, DNS) do the bulk of the load balancing on data-intensive projects. I've gotten some great results. But right now, users would have to pre-visit a page at each data site and approve it in the browser. Or I could get a massively expensive wildcard cert and then make A-records for each of those sites, but I'd rather just access them straight through their IP addresses for speed. The whole thing just irks me. All I want to do is make sure this line is encrypted between the end user and their ISP. That should be mandatory these days; but instead I have to pay for a cert on every single DB server?! Why can't encryption still be useful if you (not your browser, you personally) trust what's in your URL bar? I think you're talking more about someone hijacking a nameserver in that case. The vast majority of MitM attacks are on open networks between the client and the ISP, are they not? so... how about browsers warn when they're pulling a an address off a DNS they've never heard of, and that isn't listed and isn't verified? Wouldn't that be a much saner way of dealing with the problem? Bitcoin just misses the point. The problem with e-cash viz. keeping it free of gov't interference isn't actually with the transmission from one party to another of the e-currency. I can open a server in Greenland that tracks currency transactions in Uruguay for dope, and vice-versa, in my own encrypted and secure currency. The problem is how does anyone change in my funny money for a currency that they can actually spend somewhere. And Bitcoin doesn't solve that problem; it just complicates it. Btc leaves it up to the coin holder to figure out how to actually extract value from the bits, and assumes a market will develop. But how will a market develop when the inputs and outputs are all regulated by the same gov'ts that BC wants to do an end-run around? At a glance -- and it was a glance 'cause I barely go on YouTube and I refuse to get on FB -- I love it as a conceptual data structure. Firstly, tying two APIs together with a smart client is a freaking great idea, although if this were a for-profit project, you should probably worry about either one locking you out, and how long it would take to notice oddities and rewrite if one or the other changes its API overnight. In a broader way though, I'm really interested in the idea of using client-side processing for infinite scalability. Even/especially in secure apps, where no hacker's gone before. There's no reason a secure P2P protocol can't be developed in JS that lets an application layer ride between peers, having minimal interaction with any central servers. This gets into telephone poker problems and all that. But it's solvable. The first person to solve it will end up with the largest server farm on the planet... seems worth it to me... Flash would be a good basis for the kind of thing I'm thinking of. Adobe's already solved a lot of the sandbox issues that would arise, and the language runs faster than JS. In theory, you get each flash player to open 4 or 5 netconnections to other players, get a running pool propagating and distribute the connection list so no one central server is taking the strain of hooking up the peers, you can have filesharing or even distributed processing in the browser. Processing is more interesting to me because it hasn't really been cracked yet. The security overhead to date has been too high. But that, or a java program, or even something written in Unity, could do some amazing stuff with virtually no back-end overhead. Keep the good work going. I'm interested to see how this will evolve. Ain't really brilliant. And they used the same 'doodle' method before. What would be nice is if they used the HTML5/canvas methods they've been hyping so hard. Unfortunately, animating this with that would take at least a QC Xeon. What would be really, really awesome would be if they did it with Flash. Then it would work on droid, and iOS users would all go 'wtf?' Yes, but isn't Google supposed to be able to come up with an elegant equation to represent those coordinates so it's not just this huge ugly pile of crap? I popped the code open on it this morning and yawned. You know a company's starting to get love handles when they have people who spend a week doing stuff like this that runs for a day, mildly annoys a bunch of people, and is immediately replaced. Lighten up. People go to google regardless. And people talk about it because it's the first thing everyone sees when they get to work in the morning. All I'm saying is it's not really much of an accomplishment. An animated gif would have been the same size file, for example -- no giant array necessary. I'm just saying it's ironic that a company that's supposed to exemplify elegant systems would end up writing single-use code that basically boils down to a large ANSI graphic you'd see on the front of a WWIV BBS. Hugh Hefner's birthday is April 9th. Where was his banner? I choked on a sandwich when I read that part They did say in certain terms, on their site, that their employees could not access the files. Maybe I should have known better, but I took them at their word. Based on that, my assumption was that the key to everything other than my public folder was unique, and was itself encrypted with my password. Obviously that was a dumb assumption. I'm not a security specialist, but I'm not exactly a lay person either, and in coding sites that have had to be secure I would never have considered writing something this way. Let alone marketing it to general consumers and intentionally misleading them about how secure it was. The most important question to me now, actually, is how do I know they're telling the truth about having proper access controls, if they've already shown a willingness to lie about this? WHO are these employees with access to my data, and under what circumstances can they get at it? Can they just browse through it whenever they want? What's the process? What records are kept? To whom do you appeal? How do you know if your data's been copied? And YES, I feel using them was a stupid decision. I uploaded my stuff without knowing for a fact that it was safe. I only knew what they'd written and that they had a solid reputation and that they came from here. But I absolutely do feel violated by it. And I'd like to see some records showing that my data was never accessed, never copied, and that it's now deleted. lol. Bitcoin is a nice idea I guess, but no one who actually accepts online payments takes it seriously because the only way you can buy and sell the junk is to go through the shadiest brokers on earth. These guys do a total turnover of about USD$1k a day. And the whole thing frankly resembles a ponzi scheme or a late-night infomercial. They talk geek and it's interesting to watch people fall in love with their concept and their API, but when it comes to managing money, geeks are obviously not as smart as MBAs who wouldn't touch this thing with a ten foot pole in 2008, and still won't. It's funny that this hype, which is basically financial services spam, is making the front page of HN on a regular basis; it suggests something is wrong here (possibly it's too easy to sign up for second and third accounts). hm. Haven't looked at mt gox for awhile, (what is a gox, is it a mountain?)...their site seems rather crashy at the moment, but last month it looked to me like they were turning over a volume of around $1k per day. And who knows if anyone actually got paid out of that. It's one thing to solve anonymous payments between peers online...totally another to find a way to translate that into spendable cash, and that's actually the real, serious problem that any online payment solution seeking anonymity has to face. So they solved, in a sense, the easy part. +1, best post this week ;) I like the gusto, but maybe I'm dense, or shallow or whatever, but is BTC not also a fiat currency? I realize there's a limited amount, but its value is completely speculative, and it's not backed by hard assets. It's not even backed by a government, which makes it less like a fiat note and more like something I printed on my inkjet when I was twelve. The BIG "if" is whether it gains critical mass and is accepted as a note of value. If or when it does, we'll all saunter over and trade in our euros or yen or dollars for some, I assume. But before it's traded on forex it's gonna be a tough sell for average folk, which means it's not tempered or tested by real markets; just hopeful folks who aren't huge Ayn Rand fans, but have quick recall of pertinent passages in Atlas "just in case". I mean, why didn't Bill Gates just spend 8.5 billion on curing AIDS, hunger and poverty? Oh, wait... I'd just say, think of the cool big project you want to do first and just let that dictate which technology you use to solve it. "Finally, does anyone speak Arabic?" Lol. The CIA has been asking that for years. In all seriousness, they probably didn't know they were doing it. If I were you I'd call a trademark/patent lawyer yesterday and see if you can register, given that you can show prior use. Coca-Cola is notorious as one of the absolute most-vicious companies on the planet when it comes to both registering and protecting their marks; there's a high probability they already registered Like-o-Meter, and will attack you as soon as they hear about yours. This boost, on the whole, may not be a good thing; find a lawyer who's willing to assume an offensive posture if you want to hold onto your app. And good luck =) eh, not sure if it's a business application or what, but I've dealt with similar things in code. To me the best way to do it is through recursive callbacks and modeling the problem over a large data set. Recently I've gotten into shoveling the output into Eureqa and letting it come up with close-fitting (unreadable and basically nonsensical) equations to model the results for faster processing of additional input after the fact. If I understand you correctly. Sorry I can't help more, it's not my area of expertise exactly...just something I've (been forced to) dabble with... re: UPDATE: apparently the entire concept of their app is a direct rip-off of mine, not just the name. I guess that makes the legal issues more interesting? It might. Don't go on a spending spree yet. Let a competent lawyer look it over. My guess at a glance -- and I'm not a lawyer, just stewed in IP issues -- would be you'll have a hard time getting anything out of their theft of your concept, short of owning a patent. Copyright could give you some relief if they directly ripped your code off and you can prove they decompiled and/or used something from that. Your best bet again is probably trademark infringement against your mark which had prior use. (That also depends on if Facebook themselves haven't trademarked the word "Like" the way they've trademarked "Book".) Other than a lawyer, your only bet is to raise an unholy racket here and in the blogosphere and make sure everyone knows you did it first. Which I fully support. So...the first login had to have valid credentials. Someone needed a citibank account to start the scraper-bot. Wonder if the fbi's talked with that guy yet. After his point in paragraph three, I realized this guy's just writing what amounts to highbrow SEO-filler, so I stopped reading. Yes, quality matters. But quality isn't measured by how "polished" an essay is. That is a gross misunderstanding of quality-in-writing... QUALITY REQUIRES HAVING SOMETHING WORTH SAYING, and saying it concisely. SEO filler is content written for the explicit purpose of raising your site's traffic by ranking higher on search engines. In order to be good filler, it has to look informational; but it actually contains no useful information. Your essay spends pages and pages expounding the claim that verbal diarrhea is a good thing. Is it a joke...? That's pretty sweet, except that when "they" declare martial law (which this project assumes), why can't "they" bust down your door and take your routers? I mean, if they can come arrest you now for eating too much power with grow lights or bitcoin mining, don't you think it'll be pretty trivial to smash down any door with a wifi signal behind it, when the tanks are out in the streets? Lol. According to HN, Chrome should be the world's top browser. http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=safari%2C+firefox%2C+inter... -or- http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=safari%2C+firefox%2C+IE%2C... (with "IE") Great site by the way. Nice job. I don't think o' Kev needs to worry about Mt. Gox thinking he hacked their site. They know who executed the sale; it was them. I don't know why nobody mentions this, but it seems rather obvious that Mt. Gox just dumped all their own bitcoins and bought them back supercheap, apart from a relatively minor 500k worth that they can now "roll back" from his account. I had a thread last week on HN where I was downranked severely for asking what mt. gox was, i.e. if it was a mountain, in what was a sort of snarky, derogatory tone (I'll admit it). I would like that thread upranked now thx. Seems okay now. It was taking 30-60 seconds to load the first page for awhile. This is ridiculous. It's like saying hammers should include screwdrivers. Just know your toolbox and you won't have a problem. PHP is great. What's with all the hate? It's a good tool for a certain kind of job, not the right tool for others. Big deal. There isn't a single language that you can't find bones to pick with. It's all about what you do with it and how you like to code. If you're comfortable writing server-side script in brainfuck, more power to you. Any language that lets you mix it in among standard HTML is going to generate spaghetti a lot of the time, because page order display and logic flow are inherently contradictory. Logic flow should be hierarchical and static, while page display is a text representation of visual UI choices having little or nothing to do with the logic of the data behind them. But for generating models, it's nice and quick. And for writing form/json/flash service code it does certain things extremely well; you can take a json object, parse it, escape it, run it through a mysql query and return a nicely formatted result object in about five lines. Again, it's whatever you want it to be. So, uh, can't we all just get along? I mean, I could make a list about why Java's a nightmare, or Javascript or C# or something else, but if I were hiring a coder who said, "yes, we must write this server in Neko" I would say, "okay, why?" And if the reasons were good, then great. Do it. These are just tools. You should never lean on them for something they weren't designed to do; but if you find that one matches the job, then use it! Okay, thanks for the links. However, I hate to say this: I code for a living, and I can't parse a lot of this *t. I read the hirelite blog post a few months ago and found it amusing, but not very helpful. The blog's subheaders are: Traction (nonsense marketing term; immeasurable hyperbolic bullshit; what you're in after a skiing accident) Domain experience (.com? .net? .social?) Marketing ability (ability to talk BS -- covered) Fundraising ability (as above) Product skill (uses the term metrics way too many times; "skill" with our product doesn't require Skill writ large anyway; that's the point of our product.) Respect for development (we hope so) Relevant connections or following (Dad? Mom? Facebook? We have those). This, in short, does not help because it reads like what a non-technical co-founder needs to know to get a job with us, not what we need to find the right NTCF. lol. Once we reach 10k users we'll sell their email addresses and go on vacation. This is the equivalent of holding up a sign that says "Homeless - need beer to put kids through college" Well, one thing's for sure -- it would change learning forever. Frameworks are for dummies. Startups should roll their own. On that front, PHP is no better or worse than any other language. It just IS. If you're getting hung up on what framework to use, because you can't roll your own code for a bunch of custom pages, just use a damn CMS and stop pretending to be a coder =) http://cdn5.movieclips.com/mgm/w/wargames-1983/0580137_9495_... Some nasty script on this page crashes firefox. I love when the official government media outlet for a first-world power focuses on something like this. Does this mean they're giving him a pass? Or does it mean the UK will start preemptively arresting everybody with Asperger's as a threat to national security? If neither: What relevance does it have to any of this? Maybe you do. Maybe this post was about finding shameless solicitors. Who are you and how do we get in touch? oooh man. I had the pancreas thing blow up on me once. They told me to stop drinking. Which obviously...I didn't do. If you aren't into pot or anything, it's not much fun. What I blame it on, though, was living in South American and drinking a lot of really cheap local wisky. After my Kermit the Frog - green week from hell barfing, I stopped drinking hard booze; stopped everything for about 3 weeks, then slowly started with beer again. And now, I only drink beer. It hasn't come back for the last 4 years. I try to keep it to 6-9 beers a night (4-6 for the first year afterwards). I can't guarantee the same results for you. On a short term basis I'd recommend taking one Xanax, one Vicodin and 1-2 beers, as that won't cause another pancreatitis attack and it pretty well mimics the effect of a twelve pack. If you're one of the 19-drinks-a-night crowd though, I'd suggest treatment because nothing is going to fix it without almost killing you. Party on, amigo. ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff... you'll be buried next to me about six months later, with a little sign that says "he tried really, really hard to live longer than -> that guy" acute pancreatitis is unrelated to liver damage. It's triggered by long-term alcoholism in about 1% of the population, for unknown reasons. It's acute in the sense that it makes you very, very, sick and puts you in unbelievable pain. It goes away if you stop drinking. If untreated, it can kill you. The only way to stop it is to stop drinking, and believe me no matter how much an alcoholic you are, a single round of that shit will scare you off the booze for a long, long time. I still can't look at wisky. It's really truly that bad. But it has nothing to do with liver problems or anything else, it's an abnormal reaction of the pancreas to extended periods of alcohol abuse. Truthfully, if I didn't have to do a lot of graphics work as well, I wouldn't use a Mac. But being able to dive from Eclipse into Illustrator>Photoshop>After Effects, then into the terminal, sftp, ssh, remote mysql and dive back into Safari/FF/Chromium to test it, is very useful for my workflow as an all-in-one freelancer. I certainly wouldn't be able to use Windows for it. I could use Ubuntu, but would suffer on the graphic design front, especially dealing with motion and typography. If I didn't have the added design requirements, I'd probable just use some linux flavor. As it is, alone, the hardware/software combo isn't worth it if you're just coding. If someone is just developing, not designing, then no reason to go OS X. If design and dev are tightly bound in the workflow, then it's the only good solution right now. Define spiritual, explain how it cures pancreatitis, then we can talk. proce55ing is great for what it is / does, but there's a large gap between that and building functional games and animations, which isn't addressed by their screen graph model (nor this one). At issue, and missing, are parent-child relationships in which transformations and mouse events can be factored or transmitted up or down a display chain in the screen graph. To my knowledge, the only existing library that does this on Canvas is StrikeDisplay (strikedisplay.blogspot.com). In general, the ability to do that doesn't impinge on the ability to use native canvas vector functions in any way; but it simplifies the mixture of vector and raster images for animation, and acts as a better tool to let coders focus on the game they're trying to build rather than the intricacies of the canvas processing -- or to step it up, the raster and/or vector transformations -- behind something like: var a = new Sprite(); var b = new Sprite(); a.addChild(b); b.x = 100; a.rotation = 45; Which ideally should rotate both a and b by 45 degrees clockwise, with b offset in the rotation around a's axis by 100 px. I like this advice, a lot. My startup's not really a web startup -- per se -- it requires a lot of hardware, licenses, etc. All of which we're ready to get. If it were a simple web service I'd launch it now and just see what happened ;) Obviously, spending a lot on hardware and licenses up front means we need more than a trickle of customers to make it profitable, which in turn means we have to spend more on marketing. So what should be about $60k worth of annual fees for us turns into about $200k per year to pay the fees and draw the customers to make it worthwhile. There are...cheaper ways to start, but they hazard our safety and put us at greater risk. E.g. starting in a country where we can do this without a license. Or starting with cheaper hardware. Unfortunately, that's the nut of what we'd be talking about, to speak of investing in our customers and only spending enough to achieve profitability. (In theory, we could spend a few thousand and achieve profitability, but it wouldn't scale). Anyway, thanks for the ideas and input... it's the first truly positive view of loans I've heard as an option against VC, and it's something to think about. hm. EaselJS has evolved since I last saw it. The parent-child relationships look good. +1. -1 is Grant got the same idea I had about two years ago after seeing my code, and has gone through 3.2 major revisions to still arrive at a relatively inferior product with 10x as much code. (yeah, I wrote strikedisplay =) Not only that, he's the loon who's responsible for Flash 5 being a completely unusable product because of his insanely horrible side panel components and his greed in pushing them through with Adobe. Oh yeah, I also insulted him about the project panel which led him to rip off my work from StrikeDisplay. All that aside, it does appear that in the newest version Grant has finally caught up to almost where my code was about a year ago, and since I haven't maintained the project for almost two years, that's saying a lot =) Great work Grant! If I had a serious HTML5 project, I'd just loooove to use your code for it =\ hah. Although I'm sure if one of those arises I could write something better in a few hours. The trouble is, right now there is still nothing to be gained from writing something on a Canvas. It's too slow to play on an iphone, and there's no point in using it on a desktop when you can use Flash. And now anybody can release a game in html5 w/o any coding whatsoever, guaranteed. Grant: We are both pissing on the same lamppost in hopes of adding a tiny pile of sodium to it. Who gives a fck. Seriously, God Bless, just "rule the universe in HTML5". I only wrote my code a couple years ago to prove it was slower than the same thing in Flash. You want to make a life's work out of it? 3.2 major revs? Go ahead man. Sweet! So all the obnoxious animation and banner ads can be converted into "HTML5" that runs 3x slower and sucks up 80% of a dual core processor per ad...and NONE of the actual coding, deep interactivity or UI enhancements implied in the ECMA4/AS3 platform are included. Is this the shape of things to come? Let me off this stupid ride, google. I vote DuckDuckGo, pageranks based on qualified user responses regardless of crawlable content, interactivity with client-side languages and structures that can't necessarily be crawled by a bot script, and an end to a monolithic, archaic system of ranking up corporate garbage. BLOW ME, Google. Apple. HTML5 lovers. If anyone needs proof Flex/Flash won't be dead for a long time, here it is =) The cross browser web already exists. It's called AS3. The only reason it gets a lot of bad press is that no one wants to snuggle up to Adobe. Meanwhile everybody flails around pretending that HTML5+JS will solve the problem, when that was already a dinosaur five years ago, and as you said will never be supported uniformly across browsers. Edit: Here come the fanbois to downrate me. Consider your own karma. Downrating me does not change the facts on the ground. You cannot build a 3d racing game in HTML5+JS in the browser. Can you??? If you can, seriously, respond instead of hitting that little down arrow, and I would love to see what combination of technologies you employ! looks like it could use a little work in firefox 5 before it's at uh, flash level quality: (screenshot) http://www.opencombinator.com/editroom.png yeahhh... basically we can turn the last 15 years of annoying flash ads back into the modern equivalent of animated gifs. whoopee =) It's totally not a nerdy loophole. If Javascript 2 / ECMA-4 was available in most browsers, it would be exactly the wide-open cross platform flash experience everyone wants. It's just that the only implementation of that, right now, happens to be done by Adobe. The specs are open, there's nothing secret about it. There are open source alternative players (gnash, flowplayer, etc), and Adobe made Flex 3 free for devs which is all you need to write any kind of app you'd like. Look, the only reason there's ANY implementation of ECMA4 in the browser, i.e. Flash, is that a company which doesn't make a browser took it upon itself to create a plugin for all browsers that runs it. Now everyone hates them because it's "closed", which is ironic because IE's implementation of for example the matrix 'filter' -- just to pick one random thing -- is so ludicrously archaic and different from anything webkit, that there's zero, zip, nada, NO HOPE of those two things ever converging in a way that would let a single piece of code skew the same image in both browsers. Anyway, to other people -- I work on mac, and I write code for both canvas and as3. I wrote this: http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com . Also wrote sexypolitics. Things are...what they are. You have to face reality and use the right tool for the job. And when JS2 comes out, sure I'll be there. 'Til then, long live Adobe. Beats the alternative Mozilla/Microsoft/Google mess. Funny how Alderney never noticed before that FT was doing business in the States, huh? Just out of curiosity, I wonder what happens if you zip and tarball your encrypted archives. If TCHunt mimics whatever the standard enforcement scan is, say when you land at an American airport and they search your laptop, then maybe a few rounds of various forms of compression would smooth out the noise? Yes. This has been happening for a long time: https://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/24/business/24road.html The 9th circuit court already ruled it permissible. The Association of Corporate Travel Executives put out this warning: "ACTE’s advice to business travelers states: 1. That you should not carry any confidential, personal information that you do not want examined by third parties on your computer – or other electronic devices. This includes financial data, photographs, and email stored on computers, wireless phones, Blackberries, or iPod-type devices. 2. That you should limit the amount of proprietary business information you carry on your computer, and that it be transmitted before crossing the border so you have access to it in the event your unit is seized. 3. If your laptop also serves as your major home computer, get another one for travel purposes. 4. The Association of Corporate Travel Executives is not advising travelers to hide data from U.S. border authorities, but to take steps to minimize the impact of its loss, or the inability to access it, in the event it is seized." Source: http://www.eturbonews.com/2264/ninth-circuit-court-rules-bor... It's actually kind of lame that this pompous flamebait makes it to the top of HN, and then he concludes his post saying he doesn't take comments on his blog. excusez-moi, what is he the New Yorker? I'd prefer to address his pomposity on his own turf rather than here, so all I'm going to say is this has all been said before, and it's a bitter irony to spend time talking about flogging dead horses while debating the semantics of a meaningless buzzword with nobody but yourself. There's a corollary too, which the University failed to study (but should've)...which is that if you treat people like infants and feed them fox news garbage 24/7, they act like idiots and society collapses. Go figure. What's the problem? It's a photo taken in a public space. It's not like the government doesn't do the same thing to everybody 20-40 times a day (and more like 400 times a day in the UK). It's not like the guy went around breaking down people's doors because he thought he heard them flushing drugs down a toilet*. Singletons are great for some things, and not bad design at all. Font managers, sound managers, upload managers, focus managers, anything that starts and stops threads are all good candidates for them. Singletons are an obvious solution for any program that needs to round-robin users to one of many nodes upon login and then leave them there for all classes to communicate with. Especially if you might need all your classes to suddenly start talking to a different server node instead. There's no reason -- and it's possibly dangerous -- to create multiple instances of any of the above...and the ability to (for instance) globally alter the volume of all the sounds of a given type in your game, or call a static function to play any sound, far outweighs the supposed design beauty of OO in those cases. In fact, you could argue that OO code only really works because it relies on a single instance of the system it's running on to manage one or more threads, one or more sound channels through a single set of speakers, etc. If common sense would dictate that there should never be more than one instance of something, then enforcing that becomes good design, the equivalent of writing good docs and clean virtual classes / interfaces. IMHO, only a room full of screaming nerds can keep us from mass invasions of privacy. Weren't the founding fathers basically a room full of screaming nerds, writing a technical document, basically a programmatic meme against tyranny? Just sayin'. Oh but as far as the date... yeah, I actually didn't notice that. I just liked the kid's writing. Probably should have looked more closely at it. But I have to say I'm heartened by the fact that so many intelligent people around here actually care about fighting the attacks on the individual inherent, as you put it, in herding a population through a system like cattle. mayyybe. It's definitely a gamble with my earnings. The basic thing here is that while I'm not 100% sold on Bitcoin, it provides the chance to enter an otherwise locked-down market. It's like a one-time chance to go back to 1995 and open an online casino. Nobody knows if this is going to work, because nobody knows if Bitcoin will make it or not...and I might wind up holding a ton of useless Bitcoins for all I know. But it's like buying land in Alaska, y'know? Who knows what's under there. Like what? No bets taken from US, French or Italian players. We're running some very strict stuff to filter out any questionable traffic, and probably have a fair amount of false positives. Email me your IP address at help@strikesapphire.com and I can whitelist it. Having said that, if it's telling you that you should probably contact your ISP. Please try again. I see what happened, I had just done a testrun of cloudflare on the game server, and it wasn't talking to the playerservers anymore because the new DNS hadn't propagated yet. The system is distributed on a few continents. If it still doesn't work, give it about 5 minutes. I know it's a funny time to test that out, when this is ranking on the front page of HN, but it's actually less stress than when I start having a lot of real bets riding. I haven't announced this elsewhere, yet. I think I've just loosened the restriction that was stopping you, but I'm not sure. Try again now... I agree there's a high risk potential for that. At the end of the day, no money is withdrawn without a manual check on it. The other vectors, like injection and no money's stored on the live servers. There are constant backups and mirrors to servers around the world, so at worst, the site could suffer a couple hours of downtime and we'd have to comp a few people. I'm limiting signups to 50 per month, at first, until I can afford to hire more help; right now I've got floor managers, and yes, I have lawyers, and yes, the guy who posted about finding an attorney is a fed who I think just tried to sign up with a fake IP address. But we control the throttle and this will only do what it's supposed to do; I won't put players at risk of losing if we get hacked, but if we do there are backups and people on standby to clean up the mess. StrikeSapphire SA is incorporated in Costa Rica, and complies with all relevant gaming laws there and elsewhere. Edit: Again, the site is NOT taking bets from the US. American players can sign up for playcash, but that's it, and you'll have a very hard time going further from that toward depositing or withdrawing. There's a warning on the signup page that says we can't take cash from US players, and I mean it. I live outside the US and hosting is done in various other countries according to law. I spent about $15k and 5% of the company's equity in legal fees to insure that everything that would transpire here would be fully legal -- that part was a lot harder than coding it, if you want to know the truth, and some day I'll write a book on it or something, but... yeah. The reason no one's done this is because it's an extremely daunting legal and political landscape, so to take it on, just make sure you've kind of gamed out what happens under each scenario. On the other hand, if you don't care it's pretty easy to launch a poker script for bitcoin...just get outta the US before you do it, I'm sure you'll make some bank ;) It's relatively easy, but the phrase "skating on thin ice" comes to mind. The laws in this space are so fluid that it's a full-time job keeping up with them. Put another way, if you want a hack job you can get it done for a relative pittance. If you want some ineffable peace-of-mind, it doesn't happen through normal channels. There or anywhere else. And I'm still relatively new to this, but someone's gotta push the industry forward because it's dead-stagnant and everybody knows it. I should probably back this up by saying, this isn't my full-time job, and if anything I see the software licensing being much more lucrative than the casino itself, which is ephemeral to the ideal of building the best games ever™ hahaha yup. +1 for nailing it. if you're a silicon valley boy w/o any links to the mob, you're pretty much screwed. Bitcoin to the rescue? Who knows =) again -- we are NOT an illegal gambling site. We aren't taking players from countries where it's illegal, and we're complying with all laws in countries where it is. If you're thinking about playing poker for profit in the US, you should do it in a casino licensed to accept your bets, and you should report your income. We're dealing in bitcoin, but that doesn't mean we are ignorant of or unyielding to local law. Taking bets from the US is just not a winning strategy these days, and we have no intention of doing so. hm. yeah, probably. Because my friend who picked up street Italian from her boyfriend in Rome helped me do the first translation right before Italy passed the law. She probably screwed up a little, but she gets an A for effort =) I've lived in Vietnam and can confirm this is still policy. All over the country, every area (say, 6-8 city blocks from what I could tell) has a "Block warden" who's in charge of making sure everyone's political views are in line within their sphere. Most of these guys drive mercedes-benzes now and their kids spend most of the day playing videogames and blasting bad music off oversized speakers from the middle of the block warden's compound -- which itself is usually a large modern house with very high walls. No one sees what goes on in there, but the music starts blasting off those speakers at 6:30 AM sharp, six days a week, and if you're Vietnamese your ass is out of bed and washing the street in front of your shop by 7. Google is trying to establish an online version of this kind of total collective obedience. And this, right after they admit to the German gov't that they've shared European data collected off their cloud servers with the US intelligence services? Seriously? Screw them to hell. Illiterate idiots can't raise responsible, intelligent children. Giving them free computers isn't the answer. What they need is to feel a constant sense of extreme shame for letting themselves and their situation degenerate to that degree. As it is, instead of shaming slothful, lazy, degenerate idiots, society shames itself into allowing them a free pass on the grounds that all else being equal, some people must be too stupid to figure anything out for themselves. Which turns out to be false when it comes to gaming the welfare system, cooking crystal meth or jacking peoples' shoes... but those kinds of smarts are what you get when you start coddling and nannying to the point where individuality and ambition are wiped out and the neediest and laziest survive. I hope none of my tax dollars went toward buying them a computer. In fact, I hope they eat each other. Great post, though. I completely agree with this statement, but the first thing you teach is that a gun IS a tool, it is NOT a toy. I have no problem with teaching kids to shoot, hunt and defend themselves, but I go ballistic when I see 5-year-olds running around with realistic plastic .45s and AK-47s. I think their pinhead parents should be strung up by the thumbs, the idiots. Because they're teaching their kids that guns are toys before the kids even handle a real weapon. Guns -- real, pellet, bb, plastic or otherwise -- should be off-limits until a kid's shown the basic understanding of what they do, what life and death are, and that they ain't toys. Sivers and his former company have been spamming me constantly for the last 10 years. Now he's an entreprenurial guru selling self-help advice? If he is, he oughta get a wig and a rent-a-yacht like everyone else on late night television. The dude's done nothing in the last decade other than promote himself. He hasn't written anything I've ever read that didn't reference himself and his awesomeness at least once every two sentences. Ostracizing people socially -- rather than using bureaucracy as a method of enforcing ever more bloated statutes -- is a tried and true human tradition. It happens all the time online. Note the emergence of up-ranking news sites, for instance. Downranking is a powerful form of social censorship that helps civilize the worse traits in human nature. To rely solely on law or on bureaucracy to keep people acting in a civilized fashion is to discard thousands of years of social/moral wisdom. The argument usually begins with moral relativism -- e.g. you don't know what it's like to be XYZ, you were born ABC, and how dare you judge anybody -- and ends with the credo that all is permissible. The problem with everything being permissible is that, contrarily, in a situation where there is a refusal on the part of individuals to judge each other, no individual has any rights. Their rights are either abrogated by the police and the faceless majority, or everyone's rights directly infringe on each other's, in an anarchic context that only begs for further control. Therefore, face-to-face settlement of conflict and the boundaries between individuals is preferable to settlement by the state, and also preferable to a complete lack of settlement. And THEREFORE, we must use the best tools in the arsenal to settle such conflicts on a local basis, which most definitely include humiliating and ostracizing and, yes, JUDGING people based on how they behave. This whole thing made me realize I'm going to run for President, btw. I think I finally realized what my views are. I'm a gun-owning conservative social anarchist libertarian that believes in improving Medicare. I think it's a unique platform. I also own an online casino. Look for me in 2016 =) Okay -- maybe this is a stupid question, and I'm a college dropout (and never took a physics class), but here's a stab at plain logic: Isn't there a law of thermodynamics that says that entropy increases in a system over time? And doesn't general relativity state that time is a function of gravity or acceleration or relative mass? So wouldn't increasing gravity/acceleration/mass, i.e. relatively increasing the passage of time, also relatively increase entropy? And if that's true, then wouldn't the equation work both ways -- such that an increase in entropy led to an increase in gravity? Again, sorry if that's crazy, but I'd like to hear anyone's opinion on it... Extortion. This is the racket of the 21st Century. Once you got the eyeballs, you call every business in your database and threaten to cut its legs out from under it unless it pays up. Google's running more or less the same racket. It's "soft"...there are no threats, exactly. But imagine if the Chicago Tribune called vendors and threatened to run a miserable review of them if they didn't pay? So why hasn't that happened? Because of libel laws, for one thing. RICO for another. Best answer would be a class action to subpoena Yelp for the IP & personal info of the posters of questionable negative reviews that had survived the removal of legitimate positive reviews, and file a lawsuit against the authors and Yelp for libel. A few thousand of those and they'll be pushed back into their corner. 2+2 Poker Forum has been doing this in the online casino industry for awhile... but they're real criminals anyway: http://www.casinomeister.com/forums/poker-complaints/45662-2... Just because it's algorithmic doesn't mean it's legal or clean. I can write an algorithm that searches your cookies for porn sites, figures out who employs you, and emails you a customized extortion threat. If their algorithm works the way it's described in the article, then it'll downrank or remove 10 legitimate, positive posts from real customers if they're made in one day, and will preserve and uprank 1 illegitimate negative post from a competitor, unless the unwilling subject of this debate agrees to pay to remove the negative review. That's the definition of extortion, and if ever there was an algorithm written for that purpose, the one described in the article is it. If you consider consumer advocacy columns to be a form of extortion... consider that the newspaper doesn't request money from the subject to "fix" the column. If there was a reasonable or non-negligible possibility that removal of the positive reviews resulted from his failure to pay the bribe, then the onus is on the company to provide records to the contrary. That's the point of subpoenaing the poster of the negative comment that survived; not to sue him directly, but to establish the mechanics of and facts arising from Yelp's algorithm, and to establish a pattern of extortion. Consider: Yelp's algorithm could just as easily flag EVERYONE who gets a single star review for a sales phone call. Depends if you live in the US or the UK, when it comes to libel. Sure it will. But if the business had done nothing wrong, journalistic ethics (which play no role in the "moderating" position taken by Yelp between "customer reviews") would stipulate that the newspaper could not report anything other than verifiable fact. Sponsored by... Betable? Never heard of them before. Interesting site. It's like a license in search of a casino, instead of the other way around. They did get it right, though... the gambling model is FAR more profitable than any other gaming revenue model out there. The question (I guess) is whether their dev market understands what they're actually offering and how hard it is to achieve. My feeling is that the UK has made acquiring a gaming license so effortless, and game developers are so locked into the current in-world rev and/or app-based models, that no one's paying much attention to this. There have been a few stand-out articles on the subject, like this one from Bruce Everiss, a probable basis for their service: http://www.bruceongames.com/2011/01/28/gambling-as-a-video-g... but basically it's been ignored. And will continue to be ignored as long as the market becomes more fractured, and the largest segments outlaw anything of the kind, and Silicon Valley continues to treat gambling as a toxic form of revenue. Nonetheless, I think there are serious issues with Betable's business model, not the least of which is that they have no way to certify what the games tying into their API are actually DOING, or whether they're fair. That lack of auditing in itself seems to pretty much explode any reason to acquire a legal license in the first place. What's the license actually get you, then, if not auditing and regulation? An ability to take payments for gambling? How is it legal, if it's not audited? How do they guarantee on behalf of the government that the sites they're putting under their license are running fair and legitimate games? Again, this is basically a license in search of a new kind of casino. But why wouldn't a new kind of casino, or gaming site utilizing that model, just take Bitcoin or Linden dollars? Why bother with all this licensing at all, especially if it's just window dressing? Okay, then looking at their blog I found this: http://blog.betable.com/where-is-gambling-legal THIS IS COMPLETELY WRONG. There are at least 15 green countries on that map where gambling's either completely illegal, or else under so much regulation that their license would certainly not stand up in court. What they're trying to do is insane, stupid, and basically abusing the naivete of your average iphone developer. I pity the idiot that's their first guinea pig. edit. Thinking about it more, the first guinea pig is probably going to be some poor guy who ends up getting arrested the next time he's in Russia (green on the map). I think the revocation of Betable's gaming license is going to be the least of their problems when that happens... Hi. Okay, I guess I shot from the hip on these comments (chalk it up to someone who's spent a few years navigating the regulatory world of online gambling). I do think what you're trying to do makes for a pretty compelling proposition to games developers, and as you seem to be shouldering all the risk and cost involved, it would be difficult to refuse that kind of monetization without any research or overhead, especially the kind required to achieve the gold-standard UK license. I do think $1.5M was a bit expensive for the license. Your T&C state: "the “Game Rules” (which are different for each Game), which explain the specific rules of the Game and are available on our Game Rules page [Note to the Gambling Commission: we propose to do this in a similar way to other operators, see for example http://casino.ladbrokes.com/en/live- dealer/help and http://www.partycasino.com/games/more-games/ . The games (and, therefore, the rules) have not yet been finalised, but in drafting the rules we will comply with the “Fair and open” provisions of the Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice];" This sounds like a pretty pricey pay-to-play for rules that aren't yet finalized (i.e. the assumption being that zero games are yet licensed on your platform). You could have done the same thing in Curacao for about $60k, or Malta for around $250k. The question of whether there's an ecosystem like what you're describing, or whether that's something that can be astroturfed, is open, but depends on regs outside the EU and to a large extent individual jurisdictions' willingness to play ball, and the ability to move money rapidly through local payment options. This still leaves open the question of what happens to a guy in Russia who's making money by hosting a game that's monetized through your site, with other Russian players betting on it. While the UK might have no problem with that, the Russian / Chinese / Vietnamese / Australian / Japanese / Norwegian / French / Italian / Greek / Israeli (and lots more) governments certainly do have problems with any casino that's not specifically licensed and regulated separately under their own jurisdictions. So a local developer in those markets may not be violating UK law or WTO regulations, but could still be in deep trouble with their own local law enforcement. If Her Majesty's MI6 is going to spring rebel iphone devs out of a Tajik prison for that $1.5M, then it was well worth it =) As with all things online-gambling, there's a murkiness in the system, because one country's laws state that doing X is legal in another country, and that this license permits it. Likewise, a Costa Rican data processing company is fully within its legal rights to run gambling in the United States, as far as Costa Rican law is concerned. We know how that usually works out. I think -- and I'm not trying to be harsh, because there may well be a market for this (although the HN crowd probably isn't hip to how or why exactly, and you'd do better on a gambling forum) -- but essentially you've prepaid for prestige by the truck-load and are hoping a market exists to rent a piece of it. It'll be interesting to see if it works. I think it's hard for any company to justify the price of a UK license w/o a huge volume in sportsbetting already coming through the door. What you're potentially tapping into here is an unknown quantity, and everything (legally) is in flux right now around the world, so it's an interesting time to try it. I wish you the best, and apologize for coming off as rude. I've got my doubts, but look forward to seeing your progress. Lol. If I were Google, I'd probably have bought all the tickets in advance ;) Thing that gets me is, do they really send their employees SFO to LA on United?! Southwest's like a third the price... And why isn't SW listed, anyway? Did Herb take issue with something here? For all I know, you suffer from being a sanctimonious snob with a pathological obsession for impersonating medical professionals, and you should be tied to a chair and fed fruit loops 18 hours a day. and by the way...noticing that there's an exponentially multiplying number of stupid people in the world is NOT a sign of depression. I've lived with people who have clinical depression, and tried to explain to them how this isn't a reason to be depressed. The truth is, it's a reason to be worried, and maybe a reason not to follow any rules whatsoever. okay, I like the idea, but that Turing test is messed up. I scored 38% human on it. Maybe because it's written in British English, but I really answered the way I would answer anybody. My unscientific analysis is, this ain't no Voight-Kampff machine, or I'm a skin job. Thanks for the sarcasm. If I were really depressed, I guess I'd kill myself. BTW -- how about addressing the point? You got a vested interest in idiots watching soccer or something? You took the wrong left turn at Albuquerque when you aimed at my intelligence or mental acuity, so let's try why you feel a reflexive impulse to defend idiotic behavior to the degree that your first instinct is to attack anybody who points it out? What's your deal, anyway? Who the hell are you? Yeah -- the problem is, what if they categorize me as a friend, and then I have to make some kind of actual decision? Who would that benefit, when things are just fine the way they are right now? The only people I can see gaining from my clarification of my vague feelings about certain acquaintances would be Google and their advertisers. Don't they see that I put them in the ignore circle? And don't they see me? And then what if they put me in their friend circle, and then I have to be, you know, their friend? edit: again, these aren't spammers or stalkers or people I don't like. They're just -- kind of annoying. Neither friend nor foe, I guess. Hm. I could see which people were in my friend's "friends" circles, and which other "friends" circles my friends were part of. I do appreciate that Google was trying to make this less intrusive than FB is, and I've read a lot about it before I tentatively hit the "Join" button. But it seems obvious to me that, in one or more ways, the people I don't really want to talk to will end up figuring out that I'm ignoring them. Let's put it this way. My status on Skype and Google chat is always "invisible". Always. It didn't seem like there was a way to do that on google+, and I didn't want to risk it. As a matter of providing a constructive criticism, I don't see anything wrong with posting this to a public forum. This is the same note I sent them to explain why I deleted my account. I would like to start off invisible. I'd like no one to be able to see me unless I choose to see them. But that's not how the site operates (I'm not even sure it could function that way, if everyone did it) and so I'm making myself invisible in the only way I can. I ran a hermes bbs off a mac IIsi back in '93 in Los Angeles. Mostly gifs and warez, such as it was. That's how I ended up with Modelshop and started my path toward being a package designer. I was 13. Funnily enough, the first board I ever went on was when I was 8, in 1988, and I figured out how to use my brother's TRS80-100 laptop to get online with its internal 300 baud modem. I dialed up a board that was in Alameda, according to the bbs guide I'd grabbed from the tandoori restaurant my parents took us to. I vaguely thought Alameda was part of Los Angeles (I think I thought it was Alhambra). Finally I got booted when the sysadmin got annoyed that this 300 bps thing was taking up one of his lines half the day. Meanwhile, I racked up a $50 phone bill to the bay area, which my parents were very not cool about. It was all text. I was just looking for BASIC programs so I could figure out how to make pixels do things I wanted. Dude, you just made me feel more ancient than you'll ever know. Oh man, I can't wait to start playing with this... Oops. I just called them and asked if they do business outside the US. I should have read the damn comments, lol. Nice until Google cuts it off and starts charging for it -- like they did with translation =\ It's worse than that. The goal is to create buzz for the sake of creating buzz... the problem with marketers is that they can only hold one or two buzz-words in their head at a time, and to them it's all "what those crazy hip programmers are working on in our basement, while I'm up here looking at chicks out the window". A lot of books will be sold about HTML5 and a lot of dumb sites will claim to be using it, and pretty soon when everyone's incredibly annoyed by all the HTML5 junk content out there, the marketers will realize no one actually gave a shit in the first place, find a new buzzword, and the world will move on. I bet if Adobe changed the name of Flash 11 tomorrow to "HTML6", the marketers would go crazy for it. So would all the idiots who have no idea how web is made, but come out in armies anytime HTML5 comes up. More proof that Javascript 1.5 is runs soooo much faster than Flash. Who said you couldn't write a 3D game engine with no variable types and no class inheritance? Thanks to Apple and Microsoft, the impossible is now your only option! Get crackin', there's a lot of good code to port backwards to a language that should have been obsolete in 2001 if you want to target the mobile web! You know, I was gonna write this on Forbes but I didn't want to sign up for it, so here goes, Mike: According to your Forbes bio, line one, you "shatter limited thinking." Dude, you just shattered my limited thinking about bipolar disorder. You've turned "hypochondriac needs a girlfriend" into a heroic journey of self-discovery...like Woody Allen without the humor. Just the heart. You've delivered a tour de force through the causes of this widely misunderstood and under-diagnosed syndrome; you've given a whole new generation of overstimulated hackers a whole new disease to research on the internet; and you've left humanity with an earth-shattering, blow-by-blow account of what it really feels like to experience spoiled-manchild melancholy, all the way from a loft in Williamsburg back to your parents' basement, by way of Buenos Aires. I don't know which you deserve more -- a medal, or a decent lay -- but at least now that you've honestly expressed to half the western world which one actually matters to you, you'll surely get the credit you deserve. I really agree with your original comment. We're in serious trouble when Forbes starts letting the patients run the asylum and promote herbal remedies to serious psychological problems on their website (with links -- hopefully not paid affiliate links, but links nonetheless). Self treating patients are bad news all around; if the guy's crazy and treating himself with herbs then giving him a microphone is basically "spreading craziness". If he's not crazy, then this is just bunk, self-aggrandizing BS that wouldn't get past the editors at the huff. plus one I started writing this originally including Facebook, which to my mind is the other really egregious violator of privacy, and probably worse than Google. However, I'm not a Facebook user. I have been in the past, and they still collect data on me, but I realized Facebook doesn't have nearly the complete picture of my life that Google does. Nor do they have my mail, my spreadsheets, my contacts. Most of all, Facebook is not in and of itself, a machine potentially capable of abstract thought. That was the heart of my question, and I'm not sure if you made it past the first sentence and read that far. I wasn't asking which corporation would screw you over with the privacy you gave up -- I'm not interested in grinding a personal axe or rehashing the online privacy debate. My question, as phrased in the subject header and as borne out through my post, was whether Google AS A MACHINE was capable of ruining your life, and if not, then when it would be and how it would proceed to do so. Would this make it a crime to disable GPS on your phone? I was gonna say "pull the battery out" ...that worked pretty well back in '03 but you can't do it anymore, lol. One other thing. It's coming fast now. Google wanting your birthday and recognizing your face and voice in the last week... this is complete BULLSHIT. Do they think people are dumb? I guess they have good reason to, since 90% of Americans are already walking around with these tracking d$&#*@ces. But I've never owned a smart phone for exactly this reason -- I have a GPS in my car, but I'd never get one that was hooked to the cell net, and I won't have a cell that I can't pull the battery out of. This is a law targeting people like me. Not you, not the other 90% of Americans, not everybody on this site, because you all have smart phones. Admit it. You have one. You've been letting them track you for years, and by now they already know exactly how often you get laid, who you're sleeping with and how many drinks you have a night. Not me, and not ever. What you gave up voluntarily, they're now going to take from me by force and fiat, and you won't lift a finger to defend me, will you? No, because you're smug with your iphone and your android and your blackberry. You're the problem if you have one of these. And I genuinely hope China blows the crap out of the US before this shit takes over the world, and gets the shit blown out of it in return, and we end up eating radishes and drinking out of each others skulls in total fucking blackness, and I will before I submit to this utter horseshit. I'm not sure that anyone's actually tested what happens when a lot of complex rule sets are allowed to overlap and each have access to virtually all information in the world; but I'm not sure the result wouldn't be a form of sentience. Sentience can't really be measured other than by I/O... the whole point of a Turing test is to figure out what's between the ears and the mouth of something that looks and acts like a sentient being. I'm not saying it's there yet; I'm asking when it will be, and how it will act when it is. If you took something with a brain the size of a lobster's, say a couple million neurons or a few thousand programs competing for processing cycles, stuck a billion eyes and ears on it and fed it terabytes of information for ten to fifteen years (and gave it a perfect memory plus access to a few hundred million email passwords), are you really sure its behavior would be predictable? We're not talking about a bunch of rails scripts here. This code is made to improve large portions of itself to begin with. Well, it gets about one frame per second on a core2duo... that should be about one frame every five seconds on an iphone. Not that it isn't a nice piece of code, but I have to ask, would there be any more point to writing this in Javascript/HTML5 than there would be in a more appropriate tool for the job, if it weren't for this inane restriction against Flash on mobile devices? And is there any way that given the tools at hand, it could be written to run as smoothly as it would in Flash? To me this is just more proof that Steve Jobs was wrong -- if this were written in Flash it would get 60 fps on my box and at least 15 on a mobile. The more I see people trying to push the boundaries of Javascript with stuff like this, the more I have to laugh when I hear people tout HTML5 as the Flash-killer. I have to agree. But I still think it's weird that we're giving up Flash, with the argument basically that 3D games aren't necessary in the browser, and then going back to the stone age to reproduce basic 1993-era functionality in Javascript of all things. This doesn't really answer the question. In what way is it viable if it's currently a tiny fraction of the speed of what's easily attainable with a plugin, and shows little chance of improvement over the next five years? It's cool. But let's admit it wouldn't be impressive if it were written in Flash...because Flash makes it relatively trivial to write something like this. So is it only impressive because it doesn't use Flash? And if so, what does that say about how wise a decision it is to start trying to replicate complex animation in Javascript, CSS3 and Canvas, just to keep Steve Jobs happy? Arguably, Jobs chose to eliminate Flash from the iPhone specifically so that casual games would have to be written natively and sold in the App store, and couldn't be played on the open web. Since Javascript runs at about 20% the speed, the reasoning was that the only decent games would have to be written in Obj-C. And that still holds true, despite legions of hackers trying to ride this HTML5 pig as if it's a thoroughbred stallion. It'll just never be up to the task. I could write this thing in about 3 hours in HTML5/CSS, not including modeling and rendering time. But that's also because everything in it has a centered pivot point. If it didn't, it wouldn't work in IE 6, 7 or 8. So, nice job, but was the only point really to show that you can do something Flash-like in HTML5? If so, what's the point again? Yeah, the only difference being that every company besides Adobe is choosing this as the new web standard -- instead of doing what they should do, which is writing browsers compatible with ECMA-4/5 standards, and making either AS3 or JS2 built in with a genuine screen graph so animations don't have to be tied to this absurd 1994-era DOM for the next decade or longer. Short of that, they should allow any and all plugins necessary to run what users want to run, and stop their campaign of demonizing Flash. I realize Apple's made millions off breakout games that people downloaded because they were blocked from playing the free versions in Safari, and I don't blame them for being Machiavellian about it, but I also don't see a reason to feed the beast by pretending everything's hunky-dory with the ramshackle decaying non-cross-platform crap they've left developers to work with in the webkit/HTML5 stack. If that's true, then someone's ability to rewrite the tool is academic. And if it's academic, then this isn't impressive. My point is that it's impressive only in the sense that it rewrites the tools. I can rewrite Adobe's tools in JS 1.5 and CSS3. I went a long way towards doing it - I wrote a whole platform. http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com . Mainly because I was scared of losing the tools I like to have around. But after gaining what I think is a pretty granular, deep understanding of which operations take longer in one or the other (pretty much everything takes longer in JS 1.5), and the trade-offs in other kinds of operations -- the only good thing about HTML5 is that you can force multithreading to suck up an even larger chunk of cycles, a fact that won't be lost on the porn/malware mafia. Again, the performance requirements of Canvas, DOM, JS 1.5 and CSS3 are far higher than AVM2/AS3/Flash 10. They just take 5x as much processing power to perform the same graphics tasks. This isn't a fact in doubt, but I feel obligated to respond everytime someone brings up this argument. It's not true. If they wanted a faster platform, they would have chucked webkit and written JS2 or AS3 into their browser. @doomlaser - it's interesting to hear the argument put that way, because nothing I use flash for involves video delivery (or very little of it). Video delivery is to flash what hot topic was to...whatever my favorite bands were in 1995. It's the generic mass market application of something arguably meaningful, useful, appealing and capable of changing the world. Below that are the banner ads. But in the middle, it's true, there's this wide audience for streamed video that should have been served by browser technologies long ago, and that Flash really should never have been a part of, except that it filled a void as the only plugin widely enough adopted to support cross-platform video. The loss of video to native browser technologies takes nothing away from the things Flash has to recommend it as a method for blitting graphics to the screen. It's one thing to try and do it with canvas and divs in Safari -- it's a joke getting things to line up, but it's not impossible. But if you want it to look the same in IE? A guy's supposed to run a startup and worry about Firefox reversioning every 4 weeks at the same time? Realistically, if I wasn't running my app in Flex I wouldn't have a company; I'd have a giant pile of IF IE statements and a bigger list of complaints. So this clock is where the rubber meets the road, in a funny experimental way. It's got "no flash" in the title, so we can assume this is where an HTML5/JS proponent with some coding savvy thinks the line should be drawn; this is what can be achieved with the technology available cross-browser given the state of the DOM art. And I'm not saying it's bad. I'm just saying that it's nonsensical to throw out good tools to prove you can do something with bad ones. “We think it’s benign. But we just don’t know.” Lol. Yes, when all else fails, just assume that the military-grade, impossible-to-erase virus is harmless. Hasn't done any damage yet, right? This is the problem with rigid hierarchies. Everyone just passes the problem to someone else until the whole thing blows up. In this case, literally. While it's very cool, it's worth pointing out that the idea is derivative of a Unity-based game called "Planck" (as in Max, size, etc) that's been in development for quite awhile. See: http://www.shadegrowngames.com/ It's hard to believe the authors of Plink aren't aware of Planck... I didn't mean to say it's a rip off. It's different enough, and plus it's cool. I'm just speculating that the Plink coders must know about it. I got to play with the Planck alpha, and Plink "feels" similar in certain ways. The way the notes are displayed as ripples, the way motion across the play area triggers notes on a scale with different instruments (which in Planck are "weapons"), and the way the notes are quantized. In Planck, the notes/loops happen when you hit something you're shooting at, but the point isn't so much to hit things as it is to create rhythmic loops between the gameplay and the music you're generating. It makes some interesting compromises to keep the music on tempo and still give the sense of hitting the targets instantly. Really, I just wanted to know if the Plink guys had heard of it. Ha. The last time you could make a full $49 by putting something in the app store was the time these guys lost their contract with a western company. Listen... you hear that? That's the Titanic creaking. Yeah but most of the companies that sell your info aren't payment processors / pseudo-banks that have direct access to your checking accounts, who you paid last month, how much, and for what. The implied value in Paypal rating your users is that Paypal can and will tell you their income level. There are a few things wrong with Paypal doing this. Firstly, they're notorious for freezing any user account with more than $2-3k in it, without warning or reason, until you have a lawyer send them a letter. Hasn't happened to me, but it's happened to enough friends that I wouldn't trust them with more than a couple hundred bucks at a time. Sometimes for no reason other than that they logged on from an IP address Paypal had flagged previously for someone else's transgressions. We can leave Wikileaks out of this, but suffice to say that if Paypal has any reason whatsoever for seizing your funds, they'll be happy to do so and ask questions later. The fact that they don't adhere to any open standards and never reveal their reasons for freezing accounts should raise the question of who they are to be an independent arbiter of identity. Secondly, consider the ramifications of walking into a store with your tax bracket printed on your t-shirt. This one's obvious to anyone that's spent time as an American in a third-world country...the price of Phở goes up by 300% right off the bat. There's no doubt the market wants to rid itself of inefficiencies by selling to every single consumer at the highest price she's willing to pay and not a dime less, but the ethical consequences are staggering. I would never enter my paypal info for any reason, on any site, other than to submit a payment -- just like I wouldn't give them my bank account number or answer questions about my salary. I think many consumers would feel the same way. Seconding hippich -- gambling, for one thing. All gambling sites require you to ship currency on and offline. Normally the site swallows a 5-7% fee for that each way, which is why it takes so long -- to prevent you from doing it too often. With Bitcoin you can deposit, win, withdraw in an hour and you'll get better odds because the casino's got 10% more money to throw at the games. Sorry to hear betco.in's going down -- StrikeSapphire.com will stick around no matter what the price goes to, because it's just a good, efficient way to take bets, process payments, and pay people out. The problem is that in casino games, you put the payouts on the board. The payout table basically is the algorithm. No matter how complex the route is to getting there, or how hard it was to find the perfect balance of fun/volatility/payout/profit, once it's out in the world it's very easy to rip off. I think reading that piece by the Wizard of Odds a few years ago was what made me decide I had to start my own casino rather than trying to license these things to Bally or Shufflemaster. I'm not a pitch-and-spin type guy, I once pitched YC with the alpha version of this very casino and gave up in the middle of the application. I do agree about the revenue model you're talking about working...I mean, I've seen that it works...but I have a hard time getting motivated for it, because personally I couldn't waste five minutes of my life playing a video game if there wasn't money at risk. Ditto sports. I just don't care if I don't have skin in the game, and I get bored fast. And it's hard for me to pitch to an audience that I consider to be basically throwing their time away. This game's less configurable than the others... I like screwing with the underlying concepts of gambling. Previously I messed with 2D slots, letting players set their own symbols, weights on those symbols, and number of reels while keeping the max RTP constant but requiring some skill to calculate what you were getting. Did the same thing with Keno; fluid paytables. Then I started getting into more outlandish concepts like this: http://youtu.be/gD4GqCAAsmo and a 17-line slot with an internal bonus multiplier that hadn't been tried before... http://youtu.be/n4iwh7GNwNI All this got some attention from software companies who I didn't want to go to work for, asking me to shut down my site and come work for them on building a nicer Pai-Gow game or whatever. Didn't work for me. The new one's a 3D "slot" with 36 lines, that's more than 50% skill-based but still has an RTP between 96-100%, no more. Perfect play yields 100% RTP...that was the idea. Also, while the normal payouts stay constant regardless of the skill level the player chooses, the progressive jackpot is more likely to pay out the higher the skill level, an extremely difficult inversion of the paytable since those skill levels are harder to win on normally. Anyway, I figure Zynga probably ain't interested because it's not social, it's antisocial. It's gambling. Her work's amazing. She's taking the intent and smoothing out the rough edges, filling in the undefined aspects. I've worked with a few really great illustrators and designers as either a designer or an art director. I can't name more than three in the last ten years, and all have been women. She has the rare quality they have of being able inernalize an original vision that's not their own, immediately and viscerally grasp the ineffable qualities that give it its unique personality, and turn it into a final product that looks polished while communicating exactly what the original artist intended. And reading her blog, it's obvious how she does it. She TALKS to the people who she's doing the work for. So how exactly would this scale without losing quality? Clone her? This takes patience, communications, personal integrity and a huge amount of skill and vision. I think it's the most impressive piece of work I've seen on HN this year. There's no reason at all to look at it through the narrow filter of what you'd do if it were an IT startup. It's just awesome for what it is. Agreed. It's dirt cheap. I know dozens of parents who would pay five times that. You know, on occasion this news site walks a fine line between actual motivation and the kind of platitudes and motivational rhetoric you'd expect from a minor cult. Seriously, here's a quote from the article: "Understand that failure is not the opposite of success. Failure is an essential part of success. Once you succeed, no one will remember your failures anyway." Thank you, oh pyramidal guru of total bullshit. Escape your strings. Ninja problem solved. More concisely: Every time you let a user input something, you're giving them a chance to try to extract or destroy something in your database. But preventing it is REALLY simple. It's astonishing that this is still a problem in 2011, it goes to show what happens when everybody outsources and nobody gives a f*ck about quality. Grandpa was a foreman, he used to say if you pay workers more they hammer in an extra nail and the building won't fall down in the next earthquake. Same goes. What's "Casino city"? Why are there dice in the diagram, and why does the tourist silhouette look like a large gorilla? So, other than "gold plated LP", what format this was this actually encoded in? It's designed to play back completely analog, scanned to a screen? Are the pixels shown only once or scanned repeatedly? What kind of screen / machine keeps those pixels lit long enough to see? Does NASA actually have a terminal that reads this thing somewhere? To summarize: Here's a game that doesn't work on mobiles, doesn't work in IE or Firefox or any version of Chrome less than 15. Now that Adobe has caved to the various walled-garden app stores and given up hope for a share of the casual games mobile market, game developers will be stuck with our spaghetti Javascript and browser idiosyncrasies for the next decade or until the standards agency manages to raise Jesus and tie its shoes at the same time. So suck it up and deal with the fact that OO code and multi-platform development are dead, and we're so cool because we made a game in 3D that can almost be played at 2 FPS on a phone browser (but we'll let someone else figure out how to make phones 15x faster... it's right around the corner!) Agreed. And Molehill will be powering a majority of iOS games lonnnnng before WebGL games are playable in Safari. Funny, that's pretty much what they said about Flash. Of course. By definition, they can't be. But JS games also will always be a class below Flash games, because the language is sloppy and completely interpreted at runtime. The fact that people think it'll be a replacement just shows how much money computer-illiterate business school graduates living with their parents in Bel Air still have to throw around, taking power lunches and acting like they have a freakin clue what they're talking about. I've been working for these types of people since "Bel Air" was "Oakland Hills", "HTML5" was "E-commerce", and IE 3 didn't play nicely with Netscape. But the smell of bullshit hype stay the same. Coding, learning a language, playing an instrument, and learning about what's going on in the world, aren't mutually exclusive. They're synergistic. Learning to code teaches the fundamentals of logic. I learned (Microsoft) BASIC when I was about 7, on a TRS-80 Model 100 hand-me-down. I'd recommend it as a fantastic learning tool for any kid if you can find one; it runs on AA batteries, it's got a big keyboard, small screen with large pixels, relatively indestructable by today's standards; no games, no internet, and no bells or whistles...no programs, actually, except for a text editor and an address book...you have to make your own. And you can do quite a lot with it once you get the hang of shading pixels. Plus 16k of storage! Also, it used to come with a manual that detailed how to use BASIC. That's how I learned it. I'm not sure how you can go from saying you should talk to a kid like an intelligent human being to saying that a kid is not a small adult. Either you treat them like adults or they act like children. And anyone who says teaching your child how to code is "silly" is a fool. IMO 7-year-olds should watch the nightly news (from a source outside the US that covers world events) and have detailed conversations with parents and teachers about what the stories mean. Now if they could just port playerglobal 11 to Javascript, we can run Molehill games in Canvas. Think how happy everyone will be to get that CPU-intensive Flash plugin out of their browser, when they find that now every website chews up 400% more processing power. A cynic might think they were promoting Javascript over AS3 so everyone would have to buy a round of newer, faster phones once these SVG animations start hitting the web. "If we could get Google to index those sites [iTunes over the Pirate Bay] in a way that favored legitimacy..." Hey, duck duck go might get some real legs if they work this one out =) This is SO OFFENSIVE!!! She gives such great, clear technical answers -- they can detect child porn by a combination of reverse image search analysis and manual checks, but they can't visually tell whether a movie or song is licensed to play. Makes sense. "I'm sure we have the technology, we have the brainpower," responds some congrasshole. What fucking idiots these people are. They don't have a right to dictate terms to people smarter than them. After watching this incredibly infuriating thing, I hope they pass it. I hope it passes, and the economy of the US tanks, and it eats itself. Fuck these people, and fuck everyone who voted for them. If you're the only person in the room who has technical expertise, Submit your comments in writing. There are so many parallels in this to Atlas Shrugged, it almost makes me think Ayn Rand wasn't a sociopath. Who cares how? Just do it! Let the techies submit their "explanations" in writing and we'll duly ignore them. Godforfuckingbid they actually get a word in edgewise on television. The woman from Google was brilliantly concise, and her explanations made absolutely perfect sense. They were countered with "horse is out of the barn" type popularisms, volkish garbage from ignorant senators to their totally illiterate constituency. So much for the last pocket of growth in the American economy; it's gonna be shut down, destroyed. Smarties need to think countermeasures, and let these idiots root around in their own shite for a few years learning that they shouldn't deign to dictate what their betters have the "brainpower" to solve if they themselves can't figure out how. Maybe he meant that if you hooked up all the meth addicts in his state to a 24/7 feed of pirated movies, clockwork orange style, they'd be able to detect the pirated ones using their special paranoid powers of perception. True. But it can be gotten around by flipping the video or adding a second soundtrack. Even if it detected that, people would find ways. There's no reason that one yahoo --pun intended-- posting pirated material should be able to screw the whole company. Too much power for the yahoo. Also, un-american, as far as I've been led to believe. Anyway, what about remixes and magazine photos and quotations longer than a paragraph? No, I mean, imagine you're Google and the US senate is a really dumb client. And they're like, "this is a great app, but we think it should be projected holographically in 3d from an iphone" and you're like, "well, that's not really possible, since x, y and z are features of the known universe," and they're like, "we know you have the technology. Don't we? If you're dumb and you think Google's smart and owes their brains to you say YEAH!" And then they get re-elected. I have no hope for America anymore. Again. You stated the problem as clearly as she tried to, repeatedly, in front of the committee. What makes perfect sense to logical people is unsurprisingly nonsensical to the idiots running the country. People have suggested that there's an anti-intellectual bias ingrained in the American psyche, but I don't think that's actually the problem. It's the assumption that someone else will do the thinking for you that's the real nasty, seedy little heart of the matter. I really look forward to the gov't expending taxpayer dollars it doesn't have, and endless amounts of energy, chasing down ghosts and persecuting middlemen in defense of trillion-dollar interests. Because the sooner the US becomes the laughingstock of the western world, the sooner it's likely to get its house in order and gag the busybodies, wingnuts, corporate interests and degenerate senators who are creating its current policies. Throw one of your images at tineye.com. It's a reverse image analysis tool; their algorithm is under wraps, but I'm sure a few people around here could speculate on how it works. It works nicely with cropped and scaled images, which is a hint =) I'm anti-conspiracy-theory too, but it's hard to argue that levying an enormous unfunded mandate on the most productive, most creative, most vigorously first-amendment-oriented corporate members of our society, which would force them to monitor the speech of each and every anonymous member they serve, is something that a Congress stupid enough to make the statements heard tonight would have concocted of their own accord. edit: I think the above might be the longest grammatically correct run-on sentence I've ever written. I thought anything with more than one clause and sans conjunctions was a run-on; but a beast like that could still be fair or foul =) The comment you guys are responding to was in jest. I wrote the original post in this subthread. My point about Tineye was that it's obviously capable of picking up duplicates (which is the immediate question I was responding to) and equally incapable of determining which of those duplicates are licensed. The Bitcoin community's already gearing up for this to be the end of Visa/MC if it passes. Once they're forced by fiat to shut down their largest clients and put in a squeeze between continuing service or getting sued by the RIAA, capital will go elsewhere. This could be sort of, to the American economy, what the Iran/Iraq war was to authoritarians in the middle east; great way to spend energy while the civilized free world passes you by on the highway. I had to answer (2 years ago) for a 6-inch razor sharp knife in my overnight bag at a regional airport in the States. I forgot it was in a pocket of my bag, which was an old carrier I hadn't emptied out since art school. Surprisingly, all they did was take the knife and let me through =) It does show it's more important for them not to look like individual idiots than it is to protect the safety of people on the plane. The ol' Jerry Sandusky locker room mentality, eh? Just horsin' around? TSA are douchebags, and I hope that agency was created as a convenient way to find all the dumbest people in our society so we could stand them next to devices that would irradiate their testicles and keep 'em from having kids. Oh snap, it was =) I don't think I'll be donating to the ACA or the ACLU to help out the TSA cancer victims who stood next to the machines... I really, really like the idea, but I hate Facebook and I won't have an account with them. Otherwise I'd definitely host a meal. Yum, except you might have to tweak whatever function you're using to add or multiply ingredients... I typed in "popcorn" and it suggested using 9 1/2 cups of popcorn =) I think you might need to average that out??? https://strikesapphire.com/popcorn_ludicrous.png Also, btw. Corn syrup? Not a common household ingredient (nice rip off the packaging list, I guess?) 3/8ths cup of sugar on TOP of the corn syrup? Dude, you're crazy! Oh wait, I'm seeing it says "Popped popcorn". Well, if you're not going to tell me how to make it I'm not sure why I'm going to your site =\ It's a long, long tail before they call it "stealing". -Josh Strike "The peculiar thing about programmers is that they're the one profession that can easily work remotely and travel, and yet they're the one profession that doesn't." Not true! My gf and I have been doing it for 5 solid years (she's the designer). So far we've lived in Argentina & Uruguay for a year, New Zealand & Australia for a year, Thailand, Vietnam, France and Spain. I have met a few others on my travels. We never plan to go back; there's no point settling down when there's so much to see and experience. Yes, a lot of people get angry or jealous and say it's the dream life, but it's also hard work -- not just coding and keeping in touch with clients 24/7, but also travel itself. It's exhausting. But I wouldn't have it any other way. Hyup. We definitely make a lot less money. But you can drink and smoke and talk to animals on the job. Guess it all depends what's important to you =) http://www.unplggd.com/unplggd/working-from-the-road-082513 Okay. I wrote StrikeDisplay.blogspot.com which does what this is trying to do. I haven't had much time to work on it for awhile, but I try to keep an eye on developments in this area. I reviewed the code. I think it's a good effort and it's on the right track, as far as developing a seamless parent/child display chain coupled with event chain for the kind of things we take for granted in Flash. It gets some things right; like apparently re-scoping mouse events with target and currentTarget, which is good if you're expecting methods listening for the events to be scoped in some other way than window or document. The two issues I see with this library are serious deficiencies in performance -- which could be improved upon, of course, although some of the architecture requiring redraws on every frame is just inefficient as has been pointed out -- and also issues with the way bounding boxes are implemented and how collision/rollover checks are implemented. First of all, it useless to have rollovers always based on rectangles, especially if there aren't careful z-ordering methods. Secondly, having an inner and outer bounding box is a very slow method for traversing the redraws and checking events (so are a lot of other bb methods in canvas. everything's slower in canvas than in Flash). The closer to native browser bone you can cut on this, the better; my solution to click collision checks in StrikeDisplay was to implement a hidden canvas on top of the visible one, that duplicated everything drawn in white, everything else in black, and check the pixel color value of that canvas when the mouse clicked or went over anything inside a bounding box. This turned out to be a hell of a lot faster. I'm happy to see these kinds of libs come out, because if we do have to give up all the comforts of flash or unity or javafx to develop in this nightmare DOM with nothing but a raw canvas, the sooner we can bridge the gap between visual-oriented coders and everyone else, the better for everybody. This one needs work, but I'd rather see something along these lines than most of the other stuff I've seen come out that's DOM-centric rather than based on a display chain. well, Grant's a joker that ripped off plenty of my ideas and code; but it's not horrible if you have to use somethin. Finally, finally -- someone did it right. Well done. Couple other issues with this, which make it not very useful... for one thing, SELECT * is notoriously slow compared with selecting just the columns you want, and your select wrapper doesn't allow for joins which makes it less robust. Plus there's no way this can handle subqueries or anything like that obviously, so it's not really uh, useful. More critically, you're using a lot of addslashes, which is not a safe way to escape input. You need to use mysql_real_escape_string or you're open to injection attacks. All these years, you thought you were working with machines, and finally it turns out coding is a "people business". Did they change, or did you? Is quality less important than networking now because social networks make quality the equivalent of good networking? Or because of some corruption in the pure bootstrap capitalism of code=web=money=power? I don't know the answers to these questions, but I am concerned about being told to accept the output of raw logic and algorithms as holy writ, only being told a bit later that everything's negotiable if you have a personal relationship. DDG is using Bing for most general web results. My site mysteriously disappeared from Bing and DDG a few days ago at the same time; but Gabriel said if I'm not cool enough to get a top ranking on HN for six hours to complain about it, I'll just have to go through the normal process Bing sets up for webmasters. Of course, programmers and engineers aren't always right that a certain problem can be solved by applying logic, but sometimes it takes an engineer willing to look at a problem in just that kind of way to solve it. To put it another way, if a system is so complex that no logic you bring to bear on it will solve it, then programmers are of the mindset that it's their fault for not being able to tease out the connections. What's the alternative? To throw up your hands and declare that some problems just can't be solved? That would be unbearable for an engineer. Todd Rider from MIT may already have the answer to this problem. What I'd like to know is, if the natural or unnatural mutation of this virus is such an immediate threat, why not rush his DRACO to market for emergency use? Why do we have to sit here and pretend that some problems can't be solved, when someone has apparently done just that? I'm curious what they were thinking about investing in. A trading site like Tradehill? Or something a bit less risky? I find chrome and ff are much more often dead-crashed by a single line of Javascript than tons of flash. Firefox even re-crashes when you open it again in many cases, without letting you prevent reloading of the offending Javascript. "You only get to do this once. Is this the time?" Have you ever done heroin? Get drunk with a bunch of kids you don't know? Skydive? Steal a car? Wake up in a hotel in Mexico? Sorry to be flip, but there are probably a lot of things you've never done that you'd feel rotten about the next day, but at least there'd be a next day, and you could do it again. "Not being" is an option, but it's a stupid one. I didn't like Raganwald's post either, because it's saccharine and condescending. Let's face facts: Most people who don't want you to kill yourself are just scared that life's meaningless; when they see people around them committing suicide, it upsets their sense of everything being okay. That's why they tell you not to do it. I say screw that. I feel nothing for people who kill themselves. I think it's incredibly stupid, but hey, that's evolution. If you can't find anything worth living for, do it. You've gotta be pretty dumb not to think of any other way to spend your evening, but the world's better off without dumb people. QED. Really? Suicide's not a stupid thing to do? I guess there are cases where it's not -- like if you're terminal, or facing life in prison. That's a rational choice and I can empathize with those people. I've lived with depression and with other people who've suffered from it. Four of my friends attempted suicide in high school, and one succeeded. It made me angry . How dare they be so stupid. And since the two who survived it got better, they agreed. I get that it's usually triggered by a chemical imbalance, but people who are capable of having this discussion, and capable of writing the above, can choose to live and treat their chemistry, or they can choose not to. What they can't do is get pity from rational people just for saying they view suicide as a rational choice, because it's not, and I'm sick of hearing that. Try living with a depressed person and finding yourself responsible for their happiness; that line of reasoning wears thin. So, right. I have no pity for people who choose to make or wallow in their own problems. Why should I? I reserve my empathy for people who don't have enough to eat, people who got cheated, falsely imprisoned, wrongly executed, were victims of racism, domestic violence, rape, slavery, forced prostitution, and child abuse; or who through no fault of their own had the bad luck to be born in Burma or North Korea. Not people who had the amazing good luck to be born in a first-world country where it rains antidepressants, distractions and opportunities, and who find so much time to spend navel-gazing that they finally hate themselves and want to die. It's bizarre to have just read this and then seen the news from New York a few minutes later. http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/elevator-accident-kills-... What the hell kind of behavior is that ? It's my right as a person with an opinion. I'm not going to sit here and pretend that it was a valuable choice or a reasonable decision for them to make. I don't lie to my friends, and I don't paper things over. Quite a judgmental statement, to tell someone who's been through it four times what his reaction should be. Maybe it's something I've thought through and been through a few times, and decided that blunt force rather than kid-gloves is the only way to get through to people who want to take their own life. I'm not an expert. I didn't claim to be. I'm saying, there's always another way. Another option. And my modus operandi in dealing with it is informed by knowing what happens if you're too soft and tiptoe around someone's feelings who's considering it. I don't know anyone who's survived an attempt, or who's been depressed enough to talk about it, who hasn't had better days afterwards. One of my friends is still -- well, sick, I think is the word for it. I've seen how too much sympathy just feeds suicidal thoughts and self-absorption. Talk about anything other than their problem. Get them out of the house. I've seen how being occupied with something brings her back to reality, and makes her 99% better. I'm not unthinkingly being a righteous loud-mouth; I realize my approach to the subject may rub the wrong way on people who think that talking can solve everything. I don't know if you've been in a situation where you've been thrown into being the default "therapist" for someone you love, who refused to seek help and was telling you that they were considering killing themselves. I have. You'd probably think based on my statements that I'd be such a rotten bastard, it's hard to imagine anyone confiding in me, but it seems to work the opposite way. Maybe people want to hear something blunt. At any rate, there's nothing I've said here that I haven't said to a suicidal friend, in basically the same tone. I know it does no good, at that moment , to become angry with a clinically depressed person who's out of their mind and talking crazy/suicidal. You want to throw water over them or slap them and snap them out of it, but you can't. At least, in my experience, anger at that moment doesn't work. What you can do is keep them alive, stay with them, distract them, and talk them back to reality. And as soon as they're back, hold up a mirror and show them how scary, stupid and irrational they were being. Make them admit they were being crazy. Make them swear they'll never do it again, even if you don't believe them. And of course, tell them why it scared you, and why it was a place they need to learn to stay away from in their own mind. Warn them when you see them changing that way again. Remind them of the last time. Sanity a muscle. Anyone can learn how to exercise it. The secret to being sane is just don't go there . Take the option off the table, and start dealing with the world around you, and fixing the way you look at it, until you make it a tolerable place to be. Lower your expectations until you're happy just to wake up in the morning. Horrible? Yeah, but there's no rational alternative. This isn't me "disrupting", it's not an excuse. It's an alternative way of dealing with the subject. I realize it probably sounds barbaric and medieval, but it's just practical. This is just the only way I've found to deal with clinically depressed people on a long-running basis, and the wall I've built to try and keep people I love -- and myself -- sane, alive, and improving. wha? Hah. I just reloaded HN and clicked the comments here -- I've had a few drinks -- I thought this was the same article along the lines of "Go Daddy Supports SOPA", until I read through the responses. This just shows what a couple thousand mobilized, highly motivated geeks can do in six hours. HN is solely responsible for this. Imagine if the top-ten stories for the day on this board were about the conditions at Apple's factories in China. Or the massacres going on in Syria, for that matter. Something more important than whether that elephant-murdering bastard is a 99%, or a 100% asshole. But, credit where it's due, this isn't the first time I've noticed a shift in public perception within 24-48 hours of a major HN freakout. I won't say how much money I've made buying or selling based on watching this phenomenon -- not a ton -- but it's recently been more than I make at my day job. It's a shame Godaddy's not publicly traded, or we could've all had some fun with it. This is the place where the people who man the engines spend their time. And when the engineers are pissed, shit breaks. Never mind that engineers are just as often wrong as everybody else, just think of HN articles as events that bubble, and figure out if they're going to be ignored or not by the larger program. Was "this" an ironic single syllable, or something more profound? Where are we going with "this"? OK -- I didn't mean to leave Reddit out of this. I'm not a regular there and didn't read the initiating post, so it's fair I'm over-estimating the solo value of HN in this. Either way, it's impressive when you look at the small numbers of HN users and regular Redditors who took a stand on this and got results so fast. This is dirty democracy in action. Fair enough. My point wasn't to single out Apple. Mmm...short of making a judgment on this, I think as the forces of order and chaos get pushed into closer-range conflict by the ideologues on either side, there are bound to be more violent confrontations until the matter's settled one way or another. Having it settled in favor of chaos would be to basically retain the status quo. Settling in favor of order would be an entirely different internet. Our impact in this, individually is limited. I'm not backing Anonymous by posting this, but I do think at some point we need to pick a side and support not just the logical, but also to some extent the emotional arguments that go along with it. I think there's enough information present to get a sense of the Tao between the two... vandals are, if not a complete straw man, at least an over-hyped source of genuine danger. Personally, I'd take vandalism, and having to white-wash my storefront any day, over a government forcing my payment processors to shut me down by fiat. Frankly it's hard to imagine someone I'd sympathize with who wouldn't feel the same way; but if you're that person, now's the time to air reason on the side of order; a few weeks from now the cause will definitely be lost. I think the point is to generate more of a self-sposored focus of passive resistance; they're not the people threatening to pull sites offline in response to an anonymous report of a copyright violation. In fact, they really don't have the power to pull sites offline; neither does the USDOJ, but in the balance of things, only the latter has the power to cause real financial damage. I think we should break things. If I ran any US-facing websites I was the beneficiary of, I'd break them in a heartbeat. But it's not really the answer. The US congress is full of what appear (on youtube) to be cockroaches. They're not sycophants or nice guys who started well but somehow ended up favoring the deportation and torture of civilians, censorship of the internet, and negating your property rights in favor of multinationals that want to frack your pasture. You really should deal with the vermin the way Tunisians, Egyptians, Libyans, and now Syrians have dealt with theirs; we wouldn't be having this stupid conversation if the aliens that ran your country weren't a bunch of unrepentant nazis. So now you pried my opinion outta me ;) eh, started, turned a profit, but didn't sell or shutter. There a category for that? People are afraid of being placed in a situation that's totally alien to them. It's not as alien -- it's not as big a deal for you to go through an art gallery and chat up yuppies as it is for her to go through a convention center being gawked at by nerds. After my girlfriend and I had been going out for six months or so -- this was five or six years ago -- I got her a laptop and a wacom pad. She was a painter -- she'd never touched photoshop, illustrator, corel or anything. I tried to teach her how to use them. She got so frustrated, at one point she held the laptop out a window and threatened to throw it down six stories. But she's amazing with it now -- she's actually one of the highest-paid, most in-demand freelance illustrator/designers I know. I knew she had the skill. But to this day when I talk about getting her to sit down and see something of the code I write, she gets a look on her face that I know not to mess with. I'd love to walk her through what I do, but I know she understands as much as she needs to, and it's not compatible with the way she thinks. It doesn't do anything for her. That's alright. My point? It's easier for us to go back into their world than it is for them to understand ours. Wow. Very nicely animated, great aesthetic choices; this is really a beautiful piece of work. From what I can see, the real Anonymous at least has the balls to go after their own government. Sure it's easy to hate on Israel, and these douchebags will no doubt get some props from fellow haters for their little hack, but if they had a pair of testicles between the lot of 'em, they'd start leaking info on the dictatorship they live in, rather than stealing credit cards from the democracy next door. The difference being that the people involved wouldn't be aware there was oil under their feet if our country hadn't invented the market for it, told them it was there and given them the equipment to drill it. Left to their own devices, the only thing they'd be hacking right now would be the back end of a camel. What do you think the chances are that their brute force method wasn't one of a million snippets written by someone in the west? Or in Israel, for that matter? How about the computers they used to get on the network they benefit from, but didn't create? Reckon the intel chips were made in Israel? After all the petty bullshit, Saudis like to party too. The problem is their government and society is repressive as hell, and they're so scared to confront it, they have to go into this whole make-believe world where they act as heroes by attacking Israeli servers. It's pretty funny. I'm sure Israelis will recover. The Saudis on the other hand still live in a medieval hellhole where women can't drive a car... and this really doesn't do much to change anything. Their time and energy would be better spent trying to bring civilization to their own wasteland. [Edit] I should add, the fact that if you did this in your own country, you'd probably have your hands cut off, is a powerful motivation to go after somebody with more liberal values. Sure. I'm the racist. Not the guys who posted this on pastebin: "Judaism.txt, it includes 65 Zionist people who purchased stuff from Judaism web site" Certainly sounds racially motivated to me. Let's say we accept, for a moment, that not all Jews are Zionists, that "criticism of Israel" isn't motivated by anti-semitism. Let's even pretend for a second that stealing civilians' credit card numbers is a valid form of criticism against a state or government. Let's forget that Saudi schoolbooks call Jews the "children of apes and pigs." Why not. Even so, why would buying something from a "Judaism web site" make someone a Zionist (or even an Israeli, for that matter)? For all we know some of those people could have been the next Noam Chomsky or (insert other groveling apologist here). And what do you think they're hoping people will do with this list of Jewish names? Why the fuck is it acceptable to be making lists of Jewish names anyway? If that's not racist, I don't know what is. We'd be better off if that had never existed; but at least it proves plainly that nothing about this hack qualifies as a legitimate political statement. I'm not a racist, thanks very much. I don't put Arabs into one category, and I don't have a problem with them. In fact, I have two half-brothers who are Lebanese, and I grew up with plenty of Arabic culture (and food). I've been to Lebanon, and also to Israel. Having said that, I wouldn't go to Saudi Arabia for a million dollars. It's not racist to point out the shortcomings of a national culture. Name one piece of technology used in this attack that was invented or even built in Saudi Arabia. Name one program that was written there. If you can't, it's not my fault. And clearly they're not so oppressed by Israel and the West that they can't afford to buy nice things, or build their own industries if they choose to. I know Lebanese guys who've moved back to Beirut to do startups. Look at Qatar and Dubai. They're too busy branching out and moving beyond an oil economy to be envious of middle-class Israelis. It's also not racist to point out the lack of character involved in attacking civilians in another country, allegedly in protest of a foreign government, while you yourself live in a phony, sham-theocratic dictatorship. If anything, I think it's people like yourself with your "good intentions" of pointing out who-must-be-a-racist, without deigning to criticize the giant racist elephant in the room, who are mostly responsible for the continuation of problems in the ME. To quote a famous Christian, first take the plank out of your own eye. 63% of Americans aged 18 to 24 couldn't find Iraq on a map after we'd been at war there for three years. So let's discount those people right away. The rest -- the other 37% -- have jobs and at least some kind of education. Most of them aren't interested in solving puzzles; they're interested in making money. That's what comes naturally to them. I'm a mid-level coder. I bill $100-$150/hr. freelance. I specialize in cleaning up the messes left by the Indians and Romanians they hired the first time. I turn their disaster into a functional app, or website, on time and on budget (a budget about six times what they thought they'd be paying, but still not enough for the aggravation). It's a hellishly difficult job that makes me want to pull my hair out by the roots; but I'm good at what I do. I DIDN'T go to college, and I never took a class in programming. And yet there are only one or two other guys in the world I'd trust to work on my code. So all of this, really, is bullshit. It's nice, but it's a lie. Either you're born with the kind of screwed up brain I have, that lets you see through the code, or you're not. They can commodify everything and turn everyone into a product, but they can't make more of us. The analogy here to law is spot on. My dad and two brothers were lawyers; I grew up in an environment where getting pancakes for breakfast on Sunday required parsing statements made days earlier and finding contradictions between them and the statements being made now. Learning to think that way, however, is not just another skill in an infinite toolbox of possible skills, all of which are equal and each of which you can be proud of in a touchy-feely way. Learning to think, and talk, and conceive in advance what you'll do next that way is akin to learning the art of war. The adaptation to programming is pretty minor. Programming is mickey mouse lawyering. The beauty of law is that someone's actually right; there's a logic at work, and teasing out the convoluted threads is your job. I can dig it. If I liked people more, I'd do it. But to say it's a preference or a happenstance aptitude, rather than a learned, honed, bludgeoned and beaten-in skill, is to seriously underestimate the people who are good at it. No work, no tech and no food? God help you if you ask her about politics or religion. She was hot, obviously. Sounds like a nightmare. I wrote this in their comments, and got blocked by an auto filter. Wonder why? "About halfway through the first bullet point I decided I wasn't interested in reading every juicy word of this boring essay. I thought about writing a rebuttal along the lines of "why I won't work for you", but it boils down to this -- you sound like a bad listener and a self-important jerk." Response: Your posting on Golem Technologies from . . . has been automatically flagged by our spam filters as being inappropriate for this website. I don't understand why lansing's being down-voted here. He's absolutely right. It's pejorative when used as a way to reference a place where black people live now, and it's historically inaccurate. The "modern" usage is all since the late '80s; and it came from a term based on enforced ethnic divisions. The fact that a lot of readers here live in parts of the country or the world that don't enforce ethnic divisions along geographical boundaries does nothing to change the fact that those still exist, even in the US, and they are still enforced by white-on-black violence in many cases. The first question that comes to mind is who puts the boundaries of these ghetto into the database? What's Fairfax south of Olympic? What's 120th and Broadway? And the second question is, would stores and businesses within those areas suffer as a result of decreased traffic; what recourse would they have; and what hope would blighted areas have of economic improvement if everyone followed a GPS that steered them around the zone? This is a disgusting concept and an insult to human dignity. It will turn "ghettos" in the slang sense into more genuine ghettos in the historical sense. And lansing is right to take issue with the term as it's used now, because it's become a light, casual, racist and derogatory way to talk about a certain area, which is definitely used by the white middle class as a stand in for other racist words they don't feel comfortable saying anymore. [Edit: The fact this was downvoted in less time than it would take a speed reader to finish what I wrote is pretty much proof that either someone's got it in for lansing, or someone's a fuckin racist dipshit. Either way, fuck you.] [Re-edit: Not only do I stand by my comment, I think the people who downvoted me are cowards. Respond if you have a response, and you speak enough English to communicate it.] The fact that there's so much downvoting is a nasty sign of the kind of society you're talking about taking shape right here and now. I'm appalled by it. Seems like the Klan's out in force on HN tonight. StrikeDisplay, http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com went to version 1.0 today, with a lot of capabilities, filters, multiline text justification, etc. It's not so much a game engine as an all-purpose interactivity kit/screen graph, with a display/event model based on AS3. Thank you!!!!! [edit; the guy didn't approve this post and it's not on the site after a few hours] Posted: Look - if you're not in the business of doing art at an hourly rate, then you're either doing art on spec or art for fun. I've got no truck with the guy who wrote the original article, because I don't think his picture's worth much. But if he wants to charge for it, he should be allowed to. No one forced him to go out and spend $6k on expensive tools to take a picture he could publish on the internet where it's obviously going to be stolen if it's any good (but won't, because there are too many other people with the same idea). It's about the same as starting a really original band because you got a fender amp from guitar center for christmas. Good luck, dude. I love your dreams and I hope they come true. I'll even go to your show. I might buy your album. But no, I won't lend you twenty bucks for gas. Likewise, I'd probably never stumble across your royalty-free image in a million years, as beautiful as it is, unless it was part of this ceaseless argument about art prices. Frankly, this is an argument about how art is positioned, not what constitutes it or what's involved in creating it. And so everyone in this game's a liar -- buyers and sellers. It's not about layout cost, and it's not about purchasing power, reach or recognition. It's about communication; the client pays for art to communicate something, and the creator makes a piece of art that fits the bill. And in this case, both you and the guy who wrote that article have resorted to words to communicate what you're trying to say, over images. That's a massive fail. You should have said what you were trying to say with imagery, and so should he. Defending your art with text, explanation, litigious or liberal, is a sacrilege and proves neither one should be considered Art with an A. Art, if it exists anymore, is the process of twisting rigid, formulaic and predefined media to accommodate complex ideas in such a way that they provoke the public, without resort to words or other fame- or sympathy-seeking strategies. Basically you guys both suck as photogaphers, because neither of your photographs made me realize what you, or he, said in the addenda; forget about paying, why would I use either? Here's a picture of rocks and water; here's a picture of the eiffel tower. It's the same picture, compositionally and emotionally. Both of you don't understand photography. Yeah, you get social points for saying what you did, and obviously I'd rather go out and have a beer with you than that asshole, but Show It; Don't Explain It. Okay, here's a better way to say it: A photographer's job is to put this shit into pictures. If it was easy to put it into pictures, it wouldn't be a job. Just like if a designer could just sit down and bitch all day about how hard design is, then he'd be an amateur, not a designer. Just like a philosopher, or an historian can't just complain about how unfair philosophy or history is. If this is your art, DO IT, don't do a shitty generic & interchangeable version of it, and then complain about how hard it is on HN. Period. Point of usage - "Schlep" is most commonly used as a verb. As in, "Oy, you had to drop out of college and schlep all the way to California, just to listen to some schmuck make himself a macher?" It's true, you could say "that was a long schlep" - but other than meaning a long or difficult physical journey, (think getting home from Vegas on a Sunday), when schlep is used as a noun, it almost always refers to a person, short for schlepper, or one who schleps. This is someone at the bottom of the totem pole. As in "what kind of schlep wants to deal with this guy's verkakte ego?" Sounds like a great place to work. I got out of web dev for companies in San Francisco around the time I saw a client bill and realized they were charging 5-6x my hourly for my work to clients. Still, what you do for a company like Google would be a lot harder to quantify (or explain to a client), and it's probably a lot more personally gratifying. I'm probably an asshole to say this, but I'm reasonably sure I could've gotten a job with Google in 2001-2; and at that point I didn't want to work in that kind of office. I went back to LA and drove a taxi for a year and a half, and wrote a novel, to clear my head. The thing that makes me flinch about it is the competitive nature of the job, even if your job shouldn't have to be competitive. The open offices, the personal time, all of these things make you run faster rather than being allowed to slow down and think. And if you get to thinking about who you're running for...who knows? As insulated as you are from the clients -- which is great -- you also almost never get to see the direct result of your own work. So what emerges is this endless Senior Year of High School, where everyone's waiting to be recommended or get their acceptance letters, while partially slacking off while looking like they're on their best behavior. I'm not sure that's a way I'd be willing to spend my life. I make about 1/5th what you do, probably, for about the same level of work and commitment to my own startup. But I don't envy your job. Sounds brilliant. It definitely makes me wish I could go be among geniuses for a day. Went to Mirman, though; so I know what it means to be dull among geniuses while you're being probed, overworked and experimented-upon. I especially know what it feels like to have your own sense of obligation turned against you in the service of your employer. Just-under-geniuses -- and this is my observation only, as a guy who didn't make the cut to go to college when I was 12 -- have a desperate desire to prove their ability to whoever's in control. The closer you were to sparkling algebraic brilliance, or getting on Jeopardy at age-eleven, the harder it is. It can wreck your home life and your family. The desire to prove your intelligence to your surrogate father figure is a sickness. When you can run any kind of startup you want, and live wherever in the world you want while you're doing it, why's it better to be in an office that lets you come and go, and is filled with geniuses, but still looks and feels somehow like a preschool for kids with Asperger's? Well... thanks for the post. I'm not sure you're talking to the right guy, lol. I got a 1420. Scored perfect (was that 800?) on the SAT II writing. The math was a joke. Might as well have gone to Uni. But I still wrote almost 500,000 lines of code since I graduated high school, that businesses around the country rely on daily. Never went to college, so all that SAT stuff was for naught, lol. I also spend my whole workday smoking, and at least half of it drinking. A good third is devoted to drugs; and all of it takes place in a stone structure from the 15th century in central Europe, a lifetime from my taxi in LA. So I'm constantly going out to drag frozen wood into the fireplace. I just did my taxes. I made a little more than $28k this year. And worked about 2 hours a day. And kept my clients happy. Some of us just aren't made to run the race. Maybe it's not the shape or size of the brain, but how it works. Just can't take the pressure. Thanks for your kind comment. >How did that work out for you? Was it a good use of your time? Well, I wrote this novel, right, about the 2004 presidential election; where I posited that Bush declares a fake terrorist attack, and DHS uses it as a reason to start herding liberals into concentration camps, and only this rock band on tour somehow escapes it, and they end up going and blowing up Bush and Cheney. Would I take it back? Fuck no. But pretty soon after I finished it I had hundreds of hits from DHS, DoD, bases in Iraq, etc., and white unmarked Crown Vics were driving by my bungalow in the middle of the night. After they broke in and stole our laptops and papers and the LAPD couldn't figure out why they didn't take my money or my shotgun, we lived at Motel 6 for a month and fled to Argentina. Tried to stay out of the US since then. Spent a year in Australia, a year or two in southeast asia, and then Europe. Started a Bitcoin casino in my free time. Gave myself to drinking, smoking, drugs, snails and foie gras. I would never, ever take back my decision to drive a taxi in LA, or write that book. It was the most eye-opening experience of my life. When I went to San Fran after high school in '97, I had $1800 in savings and moved into the Hotel Nazareth, Jones & Geary, where the hookers next door and the crackheads on the street screaming kept me up all night. There was no phone. I walked to the Hilton every day in my fucking only suit, and used the payphones to call every single ad agency and design firm in the city. Went for an interview with Bear Magazine, which was terrifying (they offered me $33k, more than I make now, ironically) -- twelve giant hairy guys turning around to welcome you while you try to be interested in whether they're using Quark or Pagemaker. Took a job for $22k to spare my psychiatry bill, working for a bunch of douchebags doing web bubbgle 1.0 on Green Street. Anyway, would I change in my time under the russian mob driving for bell cab? No way in hell. It was an exploration of the soul. I learned things about the human condition, the human soul, that can only be put into a novel, where no one believes them. >Given how strongly and persistently these forces act to divert our awareness from the present, I think there is a lot to be gained by attempting to understand why this is so. This... I mean, even as far as I've tried to isolate myself from civilization, and I've gone really far and given up almost all personal possessions to do that, I still feel the pull of the constant entertainment/what-next machine. I probably don't have anything really smart to say in this, but I've noticed that the more survival shit I have to deal with, the less all of these things seem to matter. So if I have to chop wood, it's pretty easy to forget about what's next for an hour or two. If I have to think about rent, I could give a shit about the next twitter update. I think the most dangerous thing for the human species is allowing yourself to be catered to on a 24/7 basis as if you're on some kind of thinking cruise ship . Taking a cut in salary and catering to myself has never been a serious question. The book's still online. It's a farce. It was never meant to be taken seriously. No one in their right mind would consider it a legitimate threat. Although that didn't stop DHS from considering it one. I wrote it based on a few kids I knew in a band who didn't give a crap about politics, and what would happen to them if Bush got re-elected and declared a state of emergency while they were all high and on tour. I wrote it in a about three weeks. It's called American Apocalypse. http://www.joshstrike.com/amap/ In some weird way I think it's kind of a precursor to Cory Doctro's novel Little Brother, which I love; he swears he never read mine; and AA was written a pretty critical 4-5 years earlier. But there are still some striking similarities. Now...I'm basically a freelance coder like everyone else. Lived overseas for the last seven years. Write, play music, travel to countries where it's cheap; live in a suitcase; drink and smoke a lot. American Apocalypse was the last novel I wrote. There were five others. There wasn't much point. Better to just stfu and make web, like a friend of mine says. What makes you think you have to be a pirate to be against SOPA? I spend $60+/mo. downloading movies from the iTunes store, to keep on the right side of the law. I'm still 100% against censorship, and especially censorship that serves no legitimate purpose. And on a personal note, I think your response is even more generalizing and patronizing than the pirate's post. I'd sooner have a beer with him and try to convince him why he's wrong, than have to sit at a table with you for an hour. You listed PIPA twice. But thank goodness "Assholes" made the list. Cool map; but there are 4 submarine cables going to the Isle of Man that aren't depicted at all. Thanks. It's not that sad, is it? I'm not unhappy about it. It's probably the hardest project I can think of trying to start...and I didn't expect instant success. Yeah; that line struck me as well. Does this mean we're borrowing these particles from the future? Hopefully not from the past...? Also, wouldn't this qualify as a machine that outputs more energy than it uses? What it sounds like from the article isn't that he destroyed $200,000 worth of property; it's that $200k is what it cost Facebook to fix a security hole he discovered. Meaning it was money they needed to spend on security before someone with truly malicious intentions found it. Does Facebook seriously think that sending kids to jail is a viable substitute for building good security into their product, or that it will deter future attempts and mean they won't have to spend another $200k next time? More likely, next time they won't know about it, or it will come from a country where they have no power to find the responsible party. They should be on their knees thanking this kid; just another reason to loathe FB, I guess. It's still fair to say that prosecuting after the fact, if you can find the person responsible, is a pretty shoddy way to run your security. And if you acknowledge that, then it isn't difficult to see the value - both to product and to PR - of choosing to be magnanimous with the benign ones. It's still fair to criticize Facebook for an overreaction which appears to be a way to cover its own ass and deflect attention from the larger issue, namely, that it should have spent to prevent this in the first place, and that nobody knows who else is accessing user information. Yeah, leave it to the Guardian to equivocate about torture as long as the US isn't involved. Sort of like the programs on Al Jazeera ("Empire" in particular) that focus on whether America's lost its democracy, without ever once mentioning Qatar's government or the lack of democracy in any Middle Eastern country (other than Israel). Anyway, you can't really have it both ways; Al Jazeera and the Guardian screamed for American intervention in Libya, then screamed about "occupation" as soon as NATO/US intervened. They castigate America for not stepping in to stop Assad, and they would attack us if we did for being "imperialists". So screw them. I think most Americans at this point are happy to let Europe deal with it, or else let the middle east either work out its own problems, or blow itself to hell. What's hilarious to me about this is that I just spent a week writing a whole dock/draggable windowing system into a web platform that had resizable tiled windows, because of an overwhelming number of customer complaints that they couldn't put large windows on top of each other and everything was too small or required too much scrolling. I think it's even more frightening than that. As a sociopolitical program, mass-diagnosing and mass-medicating nonconformists to tone down their nonconformity is one of the basic premises of Brave New World. The ability to delegitimize an individual's arguments by labeling his point of view a "disease" is a power accorded only to mental health professionals, and the closest historical analogs are the labels of "anti-American", "counter-revolutionary" and "heretic" (and now, maybe, "terrorist"). What these labels have in common is that they not only confer on the authorities the public's blessing to treat or re-educate the non-conformist, they also carry a freight of social stigma and fear of open association that's sufficient to scare other people away from openly sympathizing with the now-isolated individual - making it impossible to determine from that point forward whether the charges were accurate, or if the individual was targeted solely for being anti-authoritarian. In fact, making an example of one non-conformist pays dividends for the authorities running the inquisition, by cowing the rest of the population further into submission, while forcing the most vehement of the other non-conformists to expose themselves in defense of whatever is said to be "indefensible". As counter-revolutionary thought was considered contagious under Mao and Stalin, and as people were terrified to even ask where their relatives had disappeared under Pinochet, so defending a non-compliant individual becomes socially unacceptable once the labels and drugs have been applied. There's no reason to think this principle doesn't operate at the level of psychiatrist and patient, since that relationship (other than the individual's relationship to mass culture through television) is exactly where most people with the financial means to effectively contest authority are actually presented with ideas of what constitutes "healthy" conformist and consumerist behavior. Sorry if this is rude, but... was there at any point a discussion about the ethics involved in having one's wife rebooted and turned into an entirely different person? Ah, so if the ends justify the means then there's no one qualified to question the method? Why not diagnose demonic possession and write a prescription for drowning? Who's to doubt the ethics of the method if it's "effective"? And "effective" by whose measure, anyway? A husband who wants his wife to "act normal"? The health establishment? You? I think this goes to the point of the article. You bring up "clinical depression" and immediately say that the ethics of an "effective" therapy shouldn't or can't be brought into question. At what point are mere mortals no longer allowed to question the ethics of a form of therapy...right when depression is diagnosed by a clinician? Or does your experience with depressives you know make it okay to electroshock anybody if those are the shrink's orders? If that's your view then you certainly fall well within the authoritarian camp, and it's ironic how little you took away from the article. You're assuming facts not in evidence. Well, that's kind of the point of Brave New World; most people are happy to occupy the place they're given, take the drugs they're given, and only misfits question the validity of drugging the whole population to produce an artificial state of euphoria. Maybe depression is a natural state that shouldn't be interfered with. It certainly leads to great works of art and literature. For all we know, it may be necessary for the fitness and survival of the species. It may be a prerequisite to civilization. So now, because society grants a license to psychologists to play God with patients' emotions, and just because you, and they, and even the patients say they're only too happy to be "cured" of their depression, that's supposed to provide a valid mandate for a license to play God? See if you can answer this question directly: By your logic, is there any reason people should not be lobotomized if it produces a happier or calmer patient? It's a moot question, because by my logic, 90% of what's diagnosed as "clinical depression" is actually a correct reaction to living in an atomized, alienating society driven by pharmaceuticals marketers and authoritarians who demand that everyone wear a happy face (and who attack anyone who dares to claim that we're not all meant to wear a happy face). See, this is why I'd never visit a shrink. But there's always some sanctimonious jackass who thinks he's so happy, everyone who isn't as happy as he is should be doped in the interest of the public good. It's hard to express the absolute loathing I have for your assumptions about my experiences with depression, or your drippingly patronizing tone, other than to compare it with my feeling for other kinds of teetotalers and those authoritarians who profess to know what's in everyone else's best interest. Luckily most of them are powerless and cowardly, and can't get their hands on me or my loved ones to lobotomize. I love my loved ones the way they are , depressed or otherwise. Since you didn't answer my question, this is the end of our conversation. Thanks and goodnight. +1. The real issues here are that the coins were all stored in a hot wallet, and that wallet was on a VPS. For some bizarre reason people have started to act like having a VPS is as good as running a dedicated box with a backup power supply and physical (cage) security. A VPS is just a big shared server dolled up with OS partitions. There's no reason to assume that a the provider doesn't have non-physical root access to all the accounts, or that a single compromised account can't escalate via god-knows what kinds of buffer overflows or other exploits into gaining control of the whole machine. I run a Bitcoin site that keeps a very small percentage profit out of a relatively large amount of coins in and out, which have to be held in trust for customers. Not only is our bitcoin daemon not running on our webservers (it's got its own dedicated box with all unnecessary ports closed and a vicious denyhosts policy that's locked me out more than once), we also set up low limits to immediate withdrawals so that no more is stored in the hot/withdrawals wallet than could be withdrawn immediately by players currently online (usually no more than $250), with all larger withdrawals processed in batches on demand. That lets us offload the excess coins to another wallet as soon as they're deposited, so in the worst-case scenario we might lose a couple hundred bucks. The cold wallet is stored in a truecrypt archive on a thumb drive in my pocket, with an encrypted backup stored on a server in a third country, manually, with each batch transaction. Moreover, a lot of our funds are moved out into USD and held for safekeeping to avoid excess Bitcoin risk. This is why banks keep their money in a safe, not in the little drawers in front of the teller. And no offense to Zhou, but this should have been the obvious step to take from the beginning. Hopefully they'll do it now. Still, the amount stolen in Bitcoins here is probably small potatoes next to the value of all the credit cards and personal details stored in other Linode instances. If someone can hack their admin panel and get root access to 8 accounts, they can get access to all the accounts. This time it happened to be done by someone who was going after the Bitcoins. But how can they claim anything in the way of security? People who host on a VPS typically do so because they want to run complex applications that scale up, and do so without the cost or headaches of adding more physical hardware. Most people who use Linode probably do not do so to host static webpages, which can be done just fine on a shared server for a quarter the price. While Linode might be cheap, they do claim to be secure, and if they didn't it's doubtful people would host their apps there. And most apps do take some personal information; and a large number of them take financial details. No one would use Linode to host their apps if they thought all accounts were rootable from a master login panel. And no one would use them to host static pages. So who would their customers be if people didn't expect their instances to be secure? Hi - any way I can get StrikeDisplay on the list? http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com [Edit] Lol, oops. I just realized this is your site Grant...? so there's probably no way that's gonna happen, huh. Ah well. In StrikeDisplay, vectors and images are held as Sprite objects in the AS3 sense - which are represented as draw lists internally, and only drawn/redrawn to the canvas as necessary. When a filter requiring convolution or blurring is applied to one of these Sprites, a unique canvas is generated for that individual Sprite+Filter, which is substituted for the original draw list (temporarily). Same thing that happens if you just cache the sprite as a bitmap. So the procedure in StrikeDisplay to draw a black box, add it to the stage and put a blur and a dropshadow on it is: var s:Sprite = new Sprite(); s.graphics.beginFill("#000000",1); s.graphics.drawRect(0,0,100,100); root.stage.addChild(s); s.filters = [new BlurFilter(4), new DropShadowFilter(2,2,4,"#000000",.8)] And that's it. It's now automatically drawn to a hidden canvas, which becomes the only item on the Sprite's draw list, retaining the position and transform properties, parent and event hierarchy of the original Sprite. If you modify the Sprite later, re-filtering and re-caching happens automatically. And if you remove the filters, the original vector draw list is restored and the hidden canvas that fed the filtered version is emptied and deleted. If you've got time on your hands and you aren't trying to run a live exchange, it's not that hard to write something that checks into Yahoo! Sports, or the madduxsports lines or linesmaker.com and scrapes the scores and lines every few hours. Or you can try OddsMiner.com, I don't know what their pricing is like but if it's a small project it sounds like they're flexible. I just wish it worked in OS 10.5.x ...I'm not interested in installing SL or Lion on my Air and demolishing my current stack. This is one of the real mysteries of the article. AFAIK, and anyone in the bitcoin forums knows, and unless something changed in the last 12 hours, the bitcoin.com domain is still owned by Tradehill's CEO who's promising and planning to develop it into a prime piece of real estate. Which betabeat doesn't mention. So the only thing I can take from this is that he traded his equity in the dying company for the domain, and valued the equity at $1M, then wrote it off as a loss for the company and blamed Dwolla for it...? Go figure that one out... Has anyone written or thought deeply about all the ways that self-driving cars could be tricked or hacked into causing accidents, kidnapping passengers, driving off cliffs, running people over, or otherwise creating havoc? Seems like it was just a couple years ago that Toyota was recalling cars over a "sudden acceleration" problem. A system like this is only going to be as good as the data coming to the car, and given the knowledge that all cars will react a certain way to a certain stimulus, it's a lot easier to design a low-tech hack that would kill a lot of people. Here's one that comes to mind: Given an two-lane road with a narrow shoulder and an embankment, place a small boulder on the right side of each lane. A human being will either swerve off the embankment or rip their transmission out on the rock. What's a bot going to do? [EDIT] Again, I really don't understand why I'd be downvoted for asking a legitimate question like this. It's rather disconcerting. While it's great to think about a future in which this technology is safe and widely available, it seems to me I'm being attacked for simply asking basic security questions that I would ask about any large system that was going through trials prior to mass rollout. And rather than hearing any specific answers, I'm just being attacked and voted down. I think anyone who's spent time in IT would probably ask these things first before they deployed a new system in their company office, so I don't think it's unreasonable to ask them about about a potentially game-changing social innovation.[/EDIT] That's true. But blowing up a diesel truck is hard to do remotely, and requires someone to actively attack at a specific place and time. I'm not sure why I got downrated for my post; I'm just asking, doesn't this create a lot of security holes and attack vectors that need to be studied before allowing it? I mean, I haven't heard anything about security, at all. The focus seems to be on a safe driving experience, but where's the white paper on counter-hacking measures? Can you imagine if Google launched Gmail without any kind of plan to mitigate stolen passwords or hijacked accounts? As it is, there are plenty of people who do have their accounts hijacked. Luckily, that doesn't lead to collisions and deaths. Consider for a moment how many people run Windows and IE, with the latest security updates, who are still vulnerable to zero day exploits. Consider how many don't update their software and get swept up in botnets a few days later. Now imagine each and every compromised PC has physical control over 2-3 tons of rolling aluminum and steel, that can go anywhere on a public highway, with human beings inside it. An attacker who had taken control over a botnet of compromised autonomous carscould drive swarms of them wherever they wanted by remote control. Now, rather than downvote me, tell me what security protocols will be in place to prevent the scenarios I've outlined. Is "no network access" going to be part of the legal framework under which the vehicles operate? Presumably they need to download maps from somewhere, along with traffic updates, road hazards, etc. Most new cars have network capabilities as it now stands. So it's unreasonable to assume that they won't have any network access. And as we know, anything with network access can eventually be rooted. Yes - exactly my point. Before, it was relatively rare for a hack or a computer crash to lead to death. This radically changes the probability of that occurring... therefore it seems that saying we'll take standard security measures and be complacent until something happens is probably not a responsible reaction. No matter how great the technology or how gung-ho people are to see it deployed. What if someone games the sensor? There are some pretty heinous examples or road rage out there - everything from attacking people's cars with a nine-iron to throwing their poodles into traffic at a stoplight. What happens to that point cloud if someone throws a bunch of silver ball bearings out their window in front of you? What if they aim a laser pointer at the receiver? What's to stop someone from developing a universal remote that you can point at any car to make it think there's a wall 3 feet in front of it? And how do you design a countermeasure against that and still ensure that the car does stop if there is a wall? Is there, seriously, fucking nobody in that government with the brains or decency to step back and say, "Wait a minute. This is what Iran does. This is what Syria does. This is what the Libyan government tried to do. We cannot and must not go down the road of persecuting people for their speech or their beliefs." Whooooa. They raised $17M in VC to develop this game and were in danger of running dry ? I mean my God... something's not right about that. It's hard to imagine an iOS game that couldn't be developed, tested and deployed for well under $1M. To put this in perspective, Halo 3 employed about 300 devs and artists, and cost around $30M. I get that VCs need to put in a lot of money to fill their quotas, but what was all of that spent on? Marketing? [EDIT]Sorry. My mistake. I misread the article as meaning that $17M was raised for this game. I didn't know they'd put out 42 games. I retract my criticism.[/EDIT] Really, gorgeous work. The "Toner" version is really well done and incredibly useful for anybody who needs to laser print / xerox a ton of maps. I can tell the server's choking right now so I'm going to stop playing with it, but I wanted to say the design choices here are truly excellent in balancing level of detail with readability. Great job. 3 votes for Shell script and none for Tcl? I guess every kind of insanity has its limits. They should really tack on a few more warnings, anyway. Three or four clicks isn't enough of a penalty. People who start websites without paying tax to the SSL mafia need to be punished! You know, this post had me nodding in agreement up until the last paragraph: "Note: I could easily switch this whole article around to all those programmers that think creating a company is as simple as launching an app. You’re just as stupid, so start asking for someone to help you grow what you’re working on, ask for a co-Founder." No. Frankly, we're not just as stupid. It's not as if just because marketers can't figure out how to program, the inverse is true and programmers for some reason lack the creative thinking skills to come up with new ideas or the capacity to market their own product . Non-technical founders may have some purpose, but to a coder with marketing ability they're redundant, and worse, in the way. So no, you can't just flip it around; to say that a programmer who goes it alone is "stupid" is, above all, a very stupid comment. So very right. This is why I charge by the hour and refer clients who don't like it to India. They come back eventually, defeated, but you know they're worthless dorm room hacks. Some of them will end up on wall street, and a few of them might eventually find jobs where they actually have to work to, y'know, make something. The rest will live on daddy's trust fund. We're towing them , not the other way around. Screw 'em. Let them beg on the street. If God had truly blessed these people with big enough brains to come up with brilliant ideas, He would have given them the capacity to learn, at the very least, enough PHP or Ruby to build a wireframe. I don't see how anyone who can't do that could have an idea that would be worth wasting time on. I think the notion of programmer/investors, as you put it, is mostly wishful thinking fueled by a basic lack of experience. Until people get burned, they don't realize that what you can get for $1500 on elance.com will, when it fails, end up costing you more than what you'd get for $15k from a skilled developer. If you flip the equation, you could say it's the clients who are naive until they've actually managed developers a few times and seen what they can expect for their money. As tech founder / owner of a Bitcoin casino, https://StrikeSapphire.com , I think this is great. If it's real. And if the Royal Mint doesn't stick their nose into how we change cash. And if our users can remain more-or-less anonymous, and transactions can stay free, and we can change it out without paying a rake to the Canadian government, and there's no risk of double-spending or chargeback or backdoors in the client that let one government or another come in and raid your funds when it suits their interests. Nothing on their website gives me confidence that any of those issues have been addressed, or will be. And in truth, the idea that a national government would open up an unmonitored currency for System-D sounds just-William-Gibson-enough to be plausible, and just too Neal Stephenson to not deserve a rimshot. What's a lot more likely is that this is a big-ass trojan horse for the media to make sweet love to for the next few months while castigating Bitcoin for supposed flaws, and eventually deeming it "unsafe", followed by "illegal", for the general population. It's a PR stunt to compete with BTC in the eyes of a non-technical public. And it'll probably work - for a non-technical public. But the flaws in a system like this will likely become apparent much more quickly than, say, the flaws in the Federal Reserve system did. Nothing with a backdoor, closed code or centralized "trusted distributors" stays safe for long these days. I really had to laugh when I saw their nifty graphic over here: http://developer.mintchipchallenge.com/devguide/ecosystem.ht... But we're not biased. Hell, we'll start accepting the junk if it's as good as they say. Let the best currency win. The use of all the hipster tropes in their vid is enough to make me change my mind about never punching people with glasses. That's a damn good idea. And it wouldn't take a mint to implement it. You could implement and back it with a basket of digital currencies like bitcoin, liberty reserve and anything else - LD or WoW gold if you're feeling frisky. While there's a drawback in relying on a centralized entity to process it, the fact that it can be traded peer to peer w/o any accounts, fees or auditing makes up for that fact. In a way, Bitcoin is headed in the long run for more centralization either way; whether because the block chain is already too long for newbies to download, and they have to rely on third party wallets, or because ultimately we'll find ourselves in a situation where 51% of the coins and possibly 51% of the processing power is in the hands of some entity. A floating basket of virtual currencies that operated the way you're talking about would mitigate the risk of one party ever controlling it, especially if the data as to what was held in reserves, volume, etc. were made public on an ongoing basis. +1. Not just something to think about; I feel this was a Satoshi-worthy comment. When I was a kid, my parents sent me to camp, even though all I wanted to do was sit home and write text adventures in BASIC. I hated camp. I hated the kids, and the counselors, and most of all I hated how everyone acted like if you didn't like it, if you weren't having fun, then there was something messed up about you . Facebook = camp. The most oppressive and authoritarian thing about it is, at root, that most people appear to enjoy it and not see any problems with it, while you view it as this heinous violation of your freedom and imposition on your private space. The worst thing about it is that sinking feeling that no one cares what you think. Feelings like this have been articulated far more effectively, and by individuals far more likely to have an impact. It's kind of questionable that a one-paragraph throwaway rant like this has hit the front page of HN. But if that indicates that a lot of people around here have burned their facebook accounts, or are planning to, that would be a hopeful sign for civilization. "...functional user lock-in, and the strength of the social ties between people" I read this to mean that everyone uses it because it's rude to be the first to leave a party. I always kind of felt that way on social networks, in the same way as even if you don't want to talk to someone, they're a friend-of-a-friend and you're going to have to explain it to them at some point if you block them. There's like this whole category of people -- I'd say about 95% of the people I've ever met -- who I don't want to talk to, and will avoid hanging out with if possible, but who I don't totally loathe or anything, and I don't want to intentionally hurt their feelings. There's about 2.5% I really hate and want to confront, and 2.5% who I want to hang out with. The reason I don't have a FB account is not because of what they do in terms of selling data, as gross as that is; it's actually because of what FB and all other social networking is . It's the 95% of people I don't have time for, the 2.5% I loathe, and the 2.5% I can always talk to in some other way. I mean, I also don't have a cell phone, and I also don't come to my door when people knock on it, even if I know they can hear my music playing. My friends have my private phone number and my skype account, and they can call me anytime. Everyone else can kindly or not-so-kindly f * off, and Facebook is nothing if not the ultimate, total collection of "everone else". I'm not on FB, so it's not. But if I were... I'd say the first thing to be violated would be my freedom to be left alone. To not know what other people were doing, or have them know what I'm doing. To be able to quietly tune the world out and focus on things. Then, of course, my right to own images of myself, to keep my location private, to register genuine surprise, in person, when I find out one of my friends is engaged or pregnant or won the lottery. Most of all, the freedom to enjoy these freedoms without having to waste my time navigating a shit-ton of privacy settings and menus and ever-changing user agreements. In short, the freedom to be a private adult and not spend the rest of my life in a high school locker room. I find this dark, disturbing, and terrifying. As a never-was, non-social-media user... I'm only 31... 5 years ago, I felt like I couldn't understand kids who were a few years younger than me. Now I feel like there's a total rupture between my mode of being and that of almost everyone else. When I give you my attention, I'm giving it to you . Completely. I don't multitask people. And you know I want to talk to you, because you can plainly see me ignoring people I don't want to talk to. Not only that, but all my relationships are from the "other" time, and I don't think I could deal with trying to develop them online, in some way that's mediated by a giant corporation. Especially one run by one of the all-time least-sexy nerds on earth, whose apparent sense of inadequacy and misunderstanding of the nature of personal relationships are written large across every aspect of that system. (It was probably inevitable that someone like that would end up mediating "friendship" for the rest of the world, but come on). What you're talking about reminds me of the groups that got together to share memorized books, in Farenheit 451. I'm already a smoker so I know how to cut 75% of the world out of my potential-new-friends & dating pool... cutting out social media users isn't that hard. I don't want to see the preview if it ruins the movie, and I don't want to meet people on Facebook. If I like them in person, I'll like them. Actually, a quick study will show you that it's the (by definition) minority of people who rebel against social norms and mass movements, the people who aren't followers, who have been the drivers of civilization, the catalysts for new ideas, the creators and inventors. I think it's safe to say most of those people hated or would hate summer camp. People who really love camp might be poster children for human herd behavior, and they certainly make excellent prison guards when they grow up. But they suck at thinking for themselves. [edit. on consideration, the second paragraph was an unnecessarily harsh blanket statement, emotional, and without any logical foundation at whatsoever. The more important question is whether free thinkers who do reject social media, camp, or group activities in general, are being pushed further from their ability to contribute to mainstream society by their choice of self-exclusion from FB than they would by e.g. choosing not to drink coffee at Starbucks, or be a customer of some other individual mega-corp.] Great point...I've been thinking about this a lot lately. I'm from LA but I moved to a village in europe with just over 1000 people. I see the same people every day, and everyone talks about each other's business. I've thought a bit about how FB is sort of trying to recreate this, and the ways in which it's failed. It can be somewhat oppressive to live in a place where everyone knows your business, even if they're all nice people. I think the difference boils down to walls and boundaries. I have a porch in front of my house where only friends will likely drop by, if I'm sitting out there. Unlike with FB, random people I barely know would be uncomfortable suddenly showing up on my porch and standing there without saying anything interesting. I have a yard in back where my girlfriend and I can be alone. If the phone rings at a bad time, or someone knocks while we're out back, we don't feel compelled to get up and answer it, or even to find out who it was; whereas with FB, we would feel bad ignoring someone completely, since they'd know we had a record of the contact. Conversely, if we're out in public and waiting in line at the bakery while the people in front of us are having a super-long 20 minute chat with the baker, we wait patiently because it would be obscenely impolite to interrupt; but we don't eavesdrop or intrude on the conversation, as we could with FB. If I'm cornered by someone in town I don't really want to talk to, I can talk for a few minutes and then leave; comfortably knowing they won't see live status updates of where I'm walking. Maybe a better way to say it is that small towns, for all their gossip, have a decorum and a sense of human dignity that facebook simply hasn't developed, and maybe never will. When I'm on FB, and Joe X sends me a friend request, it goes in my email. Since I'm on FB, the implicit assumption is that I got the request. If I think Joe is nice enough, but not really my friend, I'm suddenly forced to (a) accept a friend who's not my friend, and imply I like him more than I do, (b) reject the request and make him think I don't like him, or (c) lie and say I don't get facebook emails. In reality, I would have far more options; there's a long gradient of subtle ways to let him know to what extent he's my friend or not. Most of all, I would have the option to defer making any kind of statement, assuming he's not a nutcase who asked me "so are we really friends?" And that deferral -- plausible deniability -- is the first thing FB takes away. That's what I call the freedom to be left alone. I think you're being hypersensitive. I never said you were messed up for liking facebook, choosing to live in a fishbowl and not attaching any value to your own privacy. You're putting words in my mouth. Oh -- hey. Just to clarify, I found a girlfriend at camp, led my crew of 11 year old boys on panty raids, and became wildly popular after stealing our counselor's beer. My older brother had gotten thrown out for punching one of the administrators. I wasn't unpopular. I just hated every waking minute of it. I just wanted to go home. You don't have to suck at facebook, or camp - or be unpopular or "no fun", to hate it. I bet some of the kids you looked up to at camp felt the way I did. What I really hate is the feeling that I have to waste my energy putting a good face on something I don't like, and having to act like I'm friends with a bunch of people I don't want to spend time with. When I was 11 years old, that kind of thing was just unavoidable. Now that I'm older, I don't feel like pretending anymore. weirdly, I get weekly updates from them even though I'm not on it, because someone signed me onto a corporate account. I get the constant linkedin "you might know Joe" emails too, so I though that was a reasonable assumption. BTW @ the guy who called me a sociopath: Not all relationships are black and white. There's such a thing as being polite to someone at parties and still not wanting to know every detail of their life. I'm not talking about contrarianism, or a compulsive desire to come to the opposite conclusion as others. I'm talking about critical thinking: The ability to maintain an unpopular view, after due diligence, and particularly the ability to do so in the face of social pressure. hehehe, there ya go. Nice that you found me. Of course I have a public web presence. The point is, I control it. I run a few sites including a bitcoin casino. I have clients, friends, and people who use my code. I probably write 15-20 emails a day. Yet none of it through facebook. It's not mediated. There's no extraneous information, either for me or the other party. And what you know about me by googling me is, for the most part, what I want you to know. Including my last name and where I live. "Strike" is a pseudonym, and I haven't lived in Buenos Aires for about five years. But that level of privacy isn't available on facebook. I think FB was able to quantify and monetize a certain kind of social tie its founders were probably aloof from themselves - bullshit friendship. I'm guessing Zuckerberg approached this with the irony of any self-respecting geek, ensaring phonies in their own "Let's be friends" routine. Sure, it's brilliant. But it's incredibly misanthropic, because it really thrives on the worst impulses in human nature. Underneath those phony platitudes might be genuinely caring individuals, but now thanks to Zuck, that one lie they told in college - "Let's be friends, call me" - will be etched on their facebook pages long after they're gone. How incredibly academic. Let's leave the ongoing debate about how to "characterize [their] actions" until a universal definition of 'freedom' is agreed upon. That should satisfy the monsters. I think Sartre settled this one. We're either wholly determined, or else wholly free. And since consciousness means that fate isn't preordained - we're free. Anyway, in case he was off the mark, the alternative is a boot on a human face and the (real, nazi, concentration) camp that you pretended I was alluding to. As to whether there are degrees of freedom, there's room for them in that philosophy. Take away movement, that's one. Take away speech, that's another. Hey, just go down the bill of rights - you don't have any at summer camp. Is it nazi germany? Did I say that? It was freakin Jewish camp. No fun for an atheist, but at least you survive. Unlike my grandparents. Now stop your trolling and own up to a position for once in your life. And you would have been one of my three best friends, and I would've begged my mom to let me stay at your house so we could stay up all night talking hypercard and c++ and compiling perl scripts for mac os 6, and figuring out what a regex is. My best friend from back then doesn't talk to me anymore, he went & joined the circus at burning man ;) Everything I ever learned was against my parents' wishes. They bought me a Mac II and then banned me from using it for more than an hour a day. Spent my childhood coding on pencil and paper with a flashlight. You are the luckiest dude in the world. That resonated like hitting a 40' bong. I remember ... X person used to say about Y, in my family... "Why the hell would anyone wanna live under his roof, and live by his rules? Even if they had to sleep on the street it'd be better". I reckon it's about the same for self-respecting men living with Zuckerberg. That people voluntarily gave facebook a temporary claim to certain inalienable rights is undeniable. What happened was that the userbase shifted and became larger, the power of the individual became weaker, and the rights and obligations vested in the company in the initial user agreement were eroded to the point of meaninglessness, without ongoing consent from the user. So at this point, your data is theirs. Moreover, there is no other alternative. Facebook is 'Brave New World' in miniature. It's easy enough to stand outside it and scoff, but the truth is that no one who's signed up for it can ever free themselves from its grasp, nor their personal information from its database. I'm not sure what clearer example of Authoritarian behavior I could give. The only thing that makes it like summer camp is that a lot of people still seem to like it for the sense of group camaraderie its membership instills, despite its ever-encroaching and heavy-handed tactics. In that sense, its appeals to group happiness aren't too different from that of any communist party. I watched you over several threads act as if I were talking about concentration camps, or making some absolutist moral judgment on the site or its users. I did none of those things. My point was that group thinking leads to moral equivocation, tolerance for authoritarianism and overall civic rot, and that we're better off if more off-beat, free thinking, smart people decline their invitation to this behemoth, or burn it in effigy. There's no need for a universal agreement on the nature of positive v. negative freedom for this rejection to go forward... and the fact that you chose to misinterpret the most basic of my references, "camp", to mean a nazi death camp, most likely means you either didn't read what I wrote or you were trolling. For my money, they oughta make Canvas click-to-play as well, since the rendering speed in Firefox is unbelievably slow and the javascript behind it is so frequently written to hog up 100% of the CPU it's hard to even know what you're looking at if you accidentally stumble across an HTML5 page in Firefox, before your system grinds to a complete halt. It's funny how people blame Flash for slow websites when what they should really blame is bad coding practice, which can just as easily show up in JS (and does). To take it further, it's pretty rare for Flash code to bootstrap a huge set of libraries to do some petty effect - and if it does, the plugin doesn't freeze the browser preload while waiting on them. Whereas a 150k JS file that includes jquery and a bunch of other junk which probably isn't necessary (but makes coding some effect that much easier for bad programmers) can bring a website to its knees before the first line of text is delivered in the browser. Again, don't blame the tools; blame the tools who use them. First of all, a person with a C/C++ skillset is not just capable of "building an app or a website". Most web devs now (and I include myself in this) don't have the requisite skillset to write the database engines, low-level graphics routines, browsers -- all the numerous layers we take for granted to print 'hello world'. And yet self-taught coders, by definition, are always learning. I have never applied for a company coding position; I came from design and learned to code as I went; but 75% of my business now is in custom business apps. I've yet to meet a client who doesn't value the fact that I'm willing to learn what I need on the fly. Many times I take projects with the caveat that a certain amount of cash and time is probably going to be spent filling in what I don't know, and hacking around until I figure it out; and that if that becomes onerous, I'll knock some of it off the tab. I bill at $100/hr, modest by freelance coder standards, but obviously many times higher than coders on oDesk, and at least double what I'd earn in an office (if they'd hire me - which they probably wouldn't). And yet my clients end up paying less for rewrites and fixes, spend less time on the phone, and end up with a product they're happy with. The small-to-midsized business owners who understand the value of letting me hack away, who ask what I think about how they can analyze their data, etc. get great value for their money, and I don't see a shortage of them. When I really, really don't know, I hire out to other hackers who do. I wouldn't want to hire a company composed of people who can memorize algorithms, but can't think on their feet; I'd much rather have the exact opposite, and my clients at least feel the same way. And I'll use whatever tools are at my disposal. The first time I wrote an online store, in 2001, I did it from scratch. I had NO knowledge of databases at all... I actually didn't know there was such a command as serialize(). I ended up writing a whole custom back-end in PHP that did its own serialization, flat file writing and retrieval on products, customers, orders, etc... hundreds of products in the store, thousands of customers... and that site is still running . Companies that would rather have drones with degrees aren't companies I'd work for, and I'd argue that they aren't who successful businesses looking for software want to hire, either. If there's ever been a case for GC being fatal, it's the rise and fall of AS3. My mainstay is heavy image processing and procedural animation in Flex/Flash. While we do, finally, have a bit of control over the GC, it wasn't so until very recently and after a lot of battles. So the best you could do was to understand how the GC worked, and try to write code that would mark objects you wanted marked, and trigger the GC to run when you wanted it to run. In other words, in AS3, the only real choice was to write a management layer over the built-in buffer... Not surprisingly, very few people employed to write Flash code actually understood anything about how memory was allocated or managed; nor did they care, because it was so easy to ignore what was going on in their little embedded applications, since much of the time the AVM2 GC let you get away with murder. Other than an endless stream of FlashKit threads where people couldn't understand how a locally scoped Tween had suddenly stopped haflway through completion, no one paid much attention. This gave rise to the phenomenon of the massive-memory-munching Flash widget, and arguably to the (as-yet-unofficial) death of Flash itself. The problem was simply that AS3 is way too powerful and potentially dangerous of a language to put in the hands of coders who don't know or don't care about memory management; it sits there in your browser basically running Java, but with the casual auto-loading aspects of Javascript. Moreover, like Javascript, Flash GC works differently depending on environment - the projector is very clean; AIR has its own methods to call; individual browsers running Flash plugins actually specify their own ideal levels of memory usage and prevent the GC from running until those are reached, and there's nothing you can do to make a user's browser collect sooner than it wants to. (Almost nothing. We found out that opening some kinds of local connections forced GC in some cases...among other tricks). Yet the subject was consistently downplayed by Adobe and there was very little documentation on best practices to reduce the footprint of programs. Guys like Grant, Jean Phillipe and me had to work things out for ourselves as to how the GC actually functioned, and then try to educate other coders on the forums, etc. Javascript 1.5 is another language ripe for GC problems, in which there is no hope of better tools to make the functioning of the GC less opaque, barring a sudden massive adoption of JS 2.0. The definition of "badly written" Flash code that everyone always complains about is heavy code that doesn't consistently clean up after itself. You can write a particle system in AS3 with 100k particles on screen and no major CPU impact; the trick is knowing how and when to force collection, how to (not) link events to the display chain, etc. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that most AS3 optimization has to do with working around the GC in some way. The same problems are rampant in JS. The non-coding population's not as familiar with the results because it's more transparent in the browser and, by and large, the programs don't try to reach the same levels of complexity; plus when they crash, they haven't been trained to think "oh damn, Javascript crashed my browser again." However GC is a problem that all front-end developers need to make themselves extremely familiar with if they plan to write browser code that doesn't hog memory and ultimately collapse...and it's much harder to do that in a runtime browser script than it is in compiled code. Weak references are one such construct, and in AS3 are a real life-saver. Ironically, though, the popular problem is that things are collected too fast...when the real issue is that some things are never collected, and no one notices. I think GC languages would do well to provide an interface for monitoring not just memory usage, but performance impact of the GC process itself. The point, as always, is that intelligent people find other intelligent people to hire by asking questions that aren't uniform or one-size-fits-all, or which only require regurgitation of facts, but rather by probing how and why a candidate thinks a certain way. This should be obvious by now. Standard CV reviews, colleges and references say nothing about how efficiently a candidate is able to think through new problems or how elegant their solutions will be. Nor does that mean that formal training and real-world skill exist in an inverse relationship as a lot of self-taught coders (myself included) like to pretend it does. They simply aren't co-related, at least not as far as we can tell from most leading posts about hiring on HN. So if the goal is efficiency, why not just hire people based on their IQ? What else is there that qualifies people for positions where their bosses 2 levels up have no idea how they're actually executing the work that's put in front of them, and rely completely on them to come to the best logical solutions to new problems creatively, quickly and every single time? The only other standard you might want to look for is trustworthiness, but you can't measure that in an interview. Anyway, it doesn't matter if someone with 140+ IQ has ever coded before. It's probably worth paying to train them. So let's just cut to the chase. You need people with brains and integrity, and the rest of it is just huff and puff nonsense from HR people who don't have a clue, and couldn't do the job their hirees do. Is it actually illegal to hire in the US based on IQ? I mean how is that discriminatory more than any other test for employment? Race, religion, political affiliation, disability are obviously all irrelevant in an IQ test... so in a way, isn't it more equitable? You make a good point about primadonnas and other potentially toxic personality types with high IQs, but you can screen that too. And I mean, I don't care about IQ. To me, pretty much anybody with talent should be able to come in with something awesome and say "look what I did", and if it's great, then who cares? Hire them. Obviously this isn't an argument for creating a new narrow-minded structure to replace the current one; I'm just talking about prioritizing along the essential lines instead of dancing around the real question. Isn't someone who codes and who can give you a fibonacci sequence in realtime more valuable than someone who codes, but can't? I can't do it, but I'd hire that guy. Let's assume a test that isn't culturally biased. The idea behind the test should be to determine the raw underlying intelligence of a person; culture shouldn't play into it at all. The fact that some IQ tests seem to discriminate - referring to the legal explanations above - appears to be a flaw in the tests given in those cases. If a test is biased toward a race or culture, then it's not an accurate measure of intelligence; we can't even call it an IQ test. It doesn't meet the definition of what most people are talking about or referring to when they say "IQ test" -- since "IQ" by definition is measured on a sliding scale in reference to the entire population. For argument's sake let's assume a test that doesn't discriminate or give advantage to any given race or culture. How is that different from a coding test, other than that it requires more general interest and knowledge, and doesn't overly reward memorization of algorithms? I think anyone with an IQ over 80 would agree that's more of a red herring than a test of actual intelligence, so, if we can dispense with absurd fringe examples of the abuse of the concept of "IQ" maybe we can get down to the nuts of what companies are looking for, what programmers are trying to provide, and put a stop to this dramatic yarn about "how hard it is to find good help" once and for all. I used to work in a place in LA with a regular group of cops who came in every night, and one guy told me exactly the same thing. It certainly explains a lot about cops in America, and the US in general. You can reason with most people. But cops in America aren't reasonable, because they aren't fuckin smart enough to hear what you say, when for example you say, "Yes, I left my driver's license in the house, which is right there, I'm just sitting in my car listening to music. Can I please go inside and get it for you?" No - way too much to process. Or when you say, "Is she under arrest, because if so I want to call her lawyer," and they crack you with a nightstick and chase you up Cahuenga Blvd while you're yelling at them for their badge number. Not that either of those things happened to me in the last ten years. But uh, fuck the police and fuck the government that chooses to arm a bunch of meatheads and send them out to lord it over citizens. I could tell you some stories about the cops my dad defended as a public defender, the ones from Culver City who only pulled women over to get blowjobs from them. But what would be the fucking point. You're all screwed. So much for a civilized conversation, now I've just let it all hang out on HN, and I'm sure I'll be attacked for it. So you can't prove anything about anyone. No test can qualify or disqualify anyone. What about writing code? Isn't that a kind of basic test of intelligence? Or do you hold that anyone can write as well as anyone else, and there's no fundamental logic or critical thinking needed as long as they're properly trained? If that's true, why all this bother about who to hire -- can't we just hire anybody, and find them equally useful or useless in their jobs? You've gotta measure people somehow in order to hire them, right? You can spend all day talking about how unfair any possible test is, but the world will continue choosing people based on a multitude of criteria, most of which boil down to intelligence, and all I'm suggesting is that there are more efficient and less circumspect ways of doing that. Before I launched my startup with no outside funding, I went looking for $250k on the basis that it did not require large scale to turn a profit, it would turn a small profit immediately, and that there was no sense in asking for more money than we could use at the beginning to acquire a few paying customers and code the next iteration. Turns out I had it all backwards. Several investors, declining, confirmed to me that the amount I was asking for was frighteningly low. I showed breakdowns of what would go to hiring and equipment, what would go to advertising, and what was the emergency fund - ($100k) - and how we really wouldn't need more because it would start paying for itself quickly. That wasn't satisfying to them. What I also didn't know was that turning a profit was the last thing on their minds. It took me awhile to piece that together. I have to thank HN for opening my eyes to it. The problem with speculative investors is that they aren't producing anything of value. They aren't building the software, they aren't in the trenches trying to acquire users or running customer service. So I launched with a couple of friends who threw in some very, very small investments of a few grand, rented the equipment I would have wanted to buy, and ran it myself. And I haven't been able to grow it nearly as fast as I would have wanted to. But y'know what? It's making a profit. I just paid a 12.4% dividend on investments for the first quarter. Average time on the site is 45 minutes. We convert 1.5% of users at an average of $75 each. And I hold 81.5% of the company. So... are investors looking for massively overhyped, vaporous, disruptive monster-IPOs wrong? No, but it's kind of like going to the track and only betting on the longest-shot horses you can find. The whole game would cease to function if a majority of cooler heads weren't making wiser investments with better chances of pretty-good payouts, in companies that actually turn a profit. Of course, the whole game might cease to function pretty soon; things right now look an awful lot like 1998. But people with good ideas and a shoestring budget will keep finding ways to turn a profit that keeps the lights on; and for that I'm glad I didn't find an investor, and did it my way. Gaming, yes. Not porn. And most of the focus is on building a platform and creating new games that can be licensed to entrenched casinos, vs. trying to compete with them. We deployed it as a Bitcoin casino because it was a quick way to bootstrap. The site is StrikeSapphire.com. Be warned, we block the US and TOR nodes, though. At the risk of getting too off topic here... 1. Jurisdictional questions are one reason; in truth, Bitcoin gaming itself probably doesn't violate any US laws to begin with, since Bitcoin isn't legal tender. But our business plan never called for opening in the US, and taking a cue from Linden's preemptive ban on gambling with their funny money, we decided it wasn't worth the risk. We go out of our way to avoid trouble. 2. P2P proxies are too slow to give a good gameplay experience anyway, and disconnects annoy other players in multiplayer games. 3. Providing a fair game for everybody is more important in this case than standing tall on the principles of crypto-anarchy, so we like to know something about our players, especially to prevent duplicate accounts, poker collusion, chip dumping, etc. We know Bitcoin users like their privacy, and respectfully try to strike a balance while maintaining our own security and view of what's happening on the floor. I should add that this is a 24/7 business manned by 3 people, including me, and two lawyers who signed on for equity, and that I'm also the only coder. It's small, personal, just about right; I figured with 10-20 concurrent players we'd make a profit, which turned out to be accurate, but keeping it cozy, friendly and civilized is a part of the goal and the culture I've tried to imbue in it. Sometimes that rubs against anonymity a little bit. To bring this full circle, the closest analogy I can give is to the all night coffeehouse I used to work at when I was a kid. It's a small business with a crowd of nice regulars. That's exactly what I pitched to investors, and they didn't get it. Aren't internet companies supposed to be huge and viral? But I mean, who's to say you can't run a very successful small business that doesn't ever go huge, or require seven figures to launch? Anyway, I'm resigned to growing it at the pace it's growing, and I probably wouldn't give away equity now for anything. Not that anyone's banging down my door, lol. Thanks, I think. Oddly, I never thought of it as a lifestyle business. The main thing it's done to my lifestyle is to prevent me from getting a good night's sleep for the last 3-4 years of coding, beta testing, launching, and finally managing it. If that's what it is -- ok. But as I understand it, the thing that stops lifestyle businesses from scaling up is that the owner prefers having a business that works around their schedule, suits their lifestyle, and prefers to be hands-on in operation rather than delegating. To the point that it makes little sense to scale, because the person is the business, and vice versa. So if what stops lifestyle businesses from being good investment vehicles is the founder's unwillingness to scale, then I completely understand why larger investors would shy away from them. But if an owner of one -- I mean, it could be a bakery or a doggy daycare or anything -- builds out a framework for growth, wouldn't it be logical to pick one that was trying to grow at a slow, responsible rate? Maybe stretching it here, but why would an investor choose someone who makes great at-home pizza and wants to open 50 restaurants next year, over someone who's run a pizza place for awhile and wants to open two or three more, when the investment needed for the latter is half or a quarter that of the former on a per-restaurant basis? Is it that VCs won't stoop for pennies? Because - I've always thought it was kinda stupid when people said they wouldn't stoop for pennies. That's money. Why would you leave it lying on the ground. C'mon. PJ O'Rourke? Is that supposed to be some sly, postmodern reference to retrograde '80s culture or just a Yuppie twitch? If that guy had his way, Reagan would still be president, Alzheimer's and death be damned. PJ O'Rourke should probably be the last person on earth you consult for fashion advice, short of the Pope, whose bathing habits aren't available to us mere mortals, but who has at least one die-hard fan left... In all seriousness, hats are great; like anything else, they'll see a comeback when the pendulum swings the other way. I smoke a pipe and shave with a straightrazor, when I don't have a beard (which is most of the time). I think I'll buy myself a good hat one of these days just to bring it back and prove old PJ wrong. You know those signs on the road in Australia that say, "Tired? Tired driving Kills!" --or something like that? You know that law in Queensland where you can't smoke 25 feet from a starbucks? Or the one in WA where if you get two tickets for screeching your tires, they steal your car and crush it? Or the one where you have to spend 30 minutes strapping on a helmet and pads to climb a ladder and fix a roof tile? Yeah, you guys are really free thinkers. And your kids look great covered in cancer-causing toxic waste wearing stupid ass straw hats. Right, right. Thanks for confirming my analysis. All I'm saying is that Australia has become one of the most conformist, politically correct nanny states on earth (while still calling your natives all kinds of nasty names and treating them even more like children than you treat your "full white" citizens). Your opinion of all these things as being advancements is dead in line with the overall Australian tendency to bend over twice for America, China or whoever happens to make you feel like embarrassed yobs today, so nothing new there. What's kind of sad is that I came to Oz looking for a place where people thought for themselves, and instead found something like a very arid version of England. Which I hate. So to answer your question about what's wrong with safety laws: They are the last refuge of scoundrels, small minds, and people who are afraid of ladders. * I should just edit this to say that all the coolest Australians I met in a year of travel were 65 or older, smoked like chimneys, and thought everyone under 30 in their country was an unintelligible fool. They lived in places like Hay, Tenterfield and Dubbo. I'd like to give a tip of the hat to John in Inverell, who bless him is the epitome of what your country was and should be. Other than your old fellas, it's a joke. Other people have pointed out the use of Gotham as being in possible violation of copyright. I'd like to point it out as a violation of good taste. Especially the way it's been h1/h2'd into a parody of itself. The line weights are utterly wrong and visually disturbing. It frankly looks more like Optima than anything else, and if you're not a designer, that's a pretty nasty thing to say about a font. I was thinking maybe this site would be somewhere I'd send trainees to get some basic knowledge to reinforce their skills, but obviously basic knowledge is harder to come by than you'd think. I'm almost tempted to say you can't teach people to design through a web experience alone, but I do think it could be done a lot better than this; starting with the terrible design of the site itself. I mean actually, looking at it again, is this some kind of typographer's in-joke? If so, and it got front-paged on HN, it's really funny. Lol. I just registered that they're showing pictures of PG, Steve Jobs and the president of RISD with "relevant quotes" down the page. Now I know it's a joke. Not really funny, but at least I get it. Sounds good. I wish there were a script like this that kept an updated list of throwaway email domains, and maybe did some cross-checking with other sites where the script were being run for multiple rapid signups without history, etc. Something that would assign a credit score to each email address so we'd know if we were dealing with a legitimate user who had some kind of internet / forum / social / whatever history. At the moment we often google their email addresses by hand to figure out who's real and who isn't. This fully crashed my version of Firefox (12.0) on OS X, with a spinning wheel of death, after getting stuck producing an incredibly annoying sound for about 30 seconds. If that's supposed to make it a good ad for Chrome, it backfired. Can someone tell me why slapping this on the Google homepage and allowing it to run and crash in other browsers isn't as bad or worse than putting a really annoying and CPU-heavy Flash or Java program up there? At least if it were made with proce55ing or AS3 it would have worked. This is great, and terrible at the same time. Terrible because it fits right in with Google's new M.O. of paying lip service to freedom of information, while helping governments censor, and citizens self-censor. If you notice how they rolled out their new red highlighting of Chinese characters that might cause "network problems", the strategy was completely built around not using the word "censorship" or mentioning exactly why there might be network problems if a user typed in certain search words. This can only be read as trying to help the Chinese government "save face". And now they want to tailor new HTTP codes just for that purpose? But it's also great. Because I run a website which isn't available in a number of countries, and right now I just redirect to an error page. Because one of those countries is the United States, I have constant problems with search engines (especially Bing) de-listing the site worldwide. It seems to depend on which country they crawled from, and usually it's the US. If I could return a status code that was respected as meaning "try crawling this from another country", then I wouldn't be penalized by search engines for following the law. Ultimately, it's not really Google's fault that some things are banned in some places, and nowhere is it written that it's their job to fight bad laws in crooked dictatorships. In the end, isn't a status code better than a sudden broken connection with no explanation? At least it clarifies to the user what's really going on, and from there they can take the steps necessary to get around it, or protest it and try to change their government's policies (or not). Kick-ass solution. Our Bitcoin casino had more than its share of people crossing IP addresses over time and/or playing poker oddly. It's hard to prove anything and, especially when it relates to real-money poker, volumes have been written by players online claiming innocence and scouring the TOS for loopholes. My solution? I created poker rooms specifically for people who've shared IPs, and blocked them from entering other rooms at the same time as their friends. Result: Friends stop showing up and tilting general games, and a small friendly community develops in the "anything goes" room. Now if only the government took that view of people who play poker...but "play at your own risk" seems to be a concept western society lost around the time our governments got in the business of protecting people from themselves and every experience not mediated was considered dangerous... You're like me...and a lot of guys here. We fucking hate it when idiots in stupid yellow visors pretend they can judge our character. When they take time and appreciate the things we create, and admit they don't have the wherewithal to judge us from where they're sitting -- whether or not they send investment our way -- that's at least acknowledging that our 10,000 hours registered somewhere and they don't think they're smarter or better than us just because they control the purse-strings of some VCist. For a lot of us, and I can't speak for you, recognition of our effort is much more important than money. What totally aggravates me about this guy is that he thinks he's qualified to attack people who have done much more than he ever has, based solely on what he perceives as their ability to drive a business. And he has this luxury because he sucked someone's dick or was born to a rich old doctor somewhere, or both. And people who've worked hard to make things are supposed to listen to this bullshit. That's what pisses me off. Because gaming. Pretty much any graphics operation you can do in Flash can be done with Javascript and Canvas. But it requires writing several times as much code, runs about 20% of the speed and consumes most of the CPU to do simple tasks. For example, lets say you want to create a little green radar HUD map for where enemies are on a battlefield in front of you. In AS3 you can make each enemy dot be a sprite, and move them individually when necessary. You can mask them when they reach the edge of the HUD, fade them out when they disappear. When you turn left or right, they all turn together. Because of how Flash's graphics engine works, only the graphical areas that are changed in each frame are actually redrawn; this is all handled at a very low level and the speed is close to native; it can also be coded to take advantage of a GPU. To accomplish the same thing in Javascript and Canvas, you have to write an engine that tracks where each of those things is in global space. To draw little rectangles at different rotations within the same canvas, you actually have to rotate the canvas , draw the rectangle, then unrotate the canvas. Once you've got this engine written, you still have to redraw the entire canvas with your engine deciding how to draw each pixel, square or circle, one by one, with every single frame . To get around that, you write another engine that determines which areas are changing and only redraws those. But then you have to decide what to do when overlapping objects are in front of or behind that area, so now you've written a scene graph, z-order and a traverser, and possibly parent-child relationships, from scratch. Fine, but you realize that the traverser, running as it is in untyped javascript without the benefit of typed iterators like vectors, can't handle more than a dozen objects before it's hogging up even more of the CPU than if you just redrew the whole stupid canvas every single frame. So, all this behavior is necessary for any game. Good coders are struggling to make these things playable in HTML5 to keep the mobile market happy, but to do that you have to cut a lot of corners. The game quality's obviously lower, and the games are slower than they would be in AS3. It's just unavoidable. People who don't know how computers work then complain that Flash is so slow, etc. because of the perception of sloppily coded banners and stuff. But when the same exact things are written in Javascript and Canvas they are much, much slower . I was about to say that. Rights to source is determined by the contract. To my ear, someone who hates Flash because their devs won't cough up source is someone who (1) doesn't code (2) doesn't understand the law, and (3) made a bad contract and blamed the flash dev, and now is taking out his bitterness about the experience on Flash as a platform. Which is ridiculous. As a coder who doesn't, and never will, sign works-for-hire agreements, I'm the model of a dev who won't give you the source if you fire me or treat me like shit. In one incident, a customer who paid $100k for me to develop a flash app, then sold it to News Corp without mentioning to them that they didn't actually own the source for it. News Corp had, legally, every right to reverse-engineer that app; moreover I actually gave them the source because I'm a nice guy, but I stipulated that they couldn't repackage it without my assent, and that the classes which had been developed outside the project at hand (some of which had been coded on other customers' dime) were not for resale at all; and that in no way could they claim ownership and try to prevent me from reusing any of it for my own purposes. News Corp then hired a team of coders, paid them in excess of $300k to try and reverse-engineer my code. When that failed, they called me and offered me $50 an hour, half my regular wage, to help them, if I would just sign their NDA, which happened to include handing them eternal rights to everything I'd ever done. I told them to fuck off, and the project died a week later. But more importantly, anyone who knew what they were talking about and who wasn't just a frat boy shilling for HTML5 because that'as what douchebags talk about at Q's on Fridays would know that technically, there are 101 decompilers for Flash, and legally, you can decompile code you paid for and have someone else edit it as long as you aren't reselling it, even if you didn't have the coder under a works-for-hire agreement; and morally, if your coder is telling you to piss off and not giving you the source then you're probably an asshole who deserves it. If Joe Blow rents a $20/mo. VPN and opens up the "First Federated Bank of Joblovia", chances are he isn't going to be able to take a whole lot of wire transfers to his Bank of America account before the feds move in and shut him down. In fact this is basically what happened to some of the earliest Bitcoin exchanges who were less sophisticated with how they moved currency in and out; guys like Jered from Tradehill used their personal bank accounts to take money from people, and gave them Bitcoins online. The cashflow problems and subsequent collapse stemmed more from the constant shutdown of bank accounts than from the "misunderstanding" with Dwolla as to the nature of Dwolla's chargeback policy. I think. In any case, Bitcoin offers the ability to do exactly this: Open a completely unregulated financial institution with no accountability. Looking at this site, the first question in my head was "Where are your coins stored?" Second was, "What are the limits, and how, exactly, do you guarantee funds will transmit since every country in the world has different limits, regulations and KYC disclosures required to make that possible?" The answer for Bitcoin businesses thus far has mostly been "don't worry about it". In Bitcoin that's slang for "I'm using my bank account, my buddy's bank account, my girlfriend's bank account...and I swear you'll get your money on time until you don't, and I'm gone, and you're fucked." This looks to be yet another one. No news here. Great. Another lame Flash-bashing bandwagon article by someone who's probably never written a line of code, and obviously never tried to write a game in HTML5. He seems to think video is the last Flash hold-out. Video should have been handled natively in the browser years ago, it shouldn't have required a plugin to do that. The only result of pulling Flash-in-browser from android is that people will compile games with AIR, which they're already doing because it's a better business model. Unfortunately what this has always meant for iphone users is that only games Apple is willing to sign off on are available to them, unless they want to play a crappy HTML5 version. But fanboys are always looking at the bright side. This is a nice project, but I think it's a stretch to call it a port of the Flash API. At this point, HaXe+Jeash is a much more complete framework for bringing AS3 code to JS, and makes it pretty easy to port relatively simple projects. The framerate here is impressive and it seems this could be a good alternative to Jeash down the road. Still there's a lot more work to be done here (not least, flash.net.*) and having to rewrite core code in Dart is more labor intensive than porting into HaXe... I'm wondering what language this code was written in and if there couldn't be some significant speed gains by threading it differently. Is this modeled down to the molecular level, or is it a simulation of higher processes with known results? For one thing, if the protein interactions are abstracted and what's chewing things up is the modeling of them, then it would make more sense to use a lot of powerful GPUs; then you could spread the calculations out over a bunch of Xboxes. Secondly, despite the huge amount of data generated, you should be able to monte-carlo outputs for inputs on a thing like this. In essence, use it to generate a rainbow table of states, inputs and outputs so you can then run a multi-cell organism much more quickly. Assuming every cell has the same DNA. Hehe. No Flash, no YouTube... sounds boring. Good to see the predictable fanboy response around here, just like when they declared war on Adobe. Irritation is a factor. If you sense you're going to be irritated by doing something a lot of times, and it's more fun to develop a tool than to do the tedious thing, then develop the tool. My general rule of thumb is to tell the client you're going to charge 3x for the hours spent on tool development what you will for the tedious work, and let them decide which they think is in their best interests. The interface seems very responsive, but what makes it "fast"? I ran a BBS from my parents phone line in the early 90s and had as much techno-optimistic exuberance as you'd ever want. Everything you've said here is absolutely true. But I'd narrow it down to two basic laws: 1. The ability to run a site has fallen into the hands of people who have no idea how it works and aren't responsible for their actions (i.e, their personal stake has to do with share value and not maintaining a community), and 2. More importantly, the ability to share content has become too easy for people who aren't capable of any of the thought or curiosity that used to be required to reach a bare level of competence for their private musings to be translated into easily-accessed public speech. The hurdle of technical competence was a useful, if imperfect, stand-in which barred the vast illiterate masses from creating echo chambers of mutually self-reinforcing ignorance. We all had a right to free speech in the 90s, but no one had a right to be heard. Facebook, Twitter, et al simply lowered the bar to being heard to the point where noise overwhelmed signal. You say that the 90s were a time of "ignorance of the masses", but in the 90s, no extremist right wing movement or anti-vacc movement or militia was capable of doing more than distributing xeroxed newsletters. The Facebook age is the supremacy of the "ignorance of the masses", perfected into the most powerful advertising platform of all time, to support corrupt power structures by literally demolishing the average user's sense of reality. Can the internet still be a tool for empowerment...yea, but that window has been closing for the past decade, and in many countries like China and Russia is now completely shut. Isn't that roughly what Google has done with Android? They can choose what they want to curate in their own app store, but they don't lock users in based on hardware or use of Android OS. (Someone should take them to court over their prioritization of AMP pages, but that's a different story). As someone who lives in PDX, owns an Oculus Rift and has always refused to have a Facebook account, I can only say that mass bitching appears to have done very little to change anything. Civil lawsuits are a better approach. THIS . My father believed children should never be given a short answer, or told "because I said so". If we wanted something we would have to give a rational argument why. If we asked a question and he wasn't sure of the answer, he would say he didn't know and we would go to the encyclopedia together to read the full answer. Every night from the time I was 6 we had to read 50 pages in a book he assigned and discuss it. This was after he came home from 10 hour days at work. Most parents are (1) too lazy to properly explain things to their children, (2) unwilling to say when they don't know the answer, (3) lack the critical thinking skills themselves to evaluate statements, (4) lack the basic research skills needed to validate or invalidate a proposition. That is the problem in America. When I was about 8 years old we were riding in the car with a couple my parents were friends with and their children who were similar in age to us. The son asked the father why the sky was blue. The father turned around and said, "well, it reflects the ocean". I said, "no, you're wrong, it's the color the atmosphere refracts light" (or something like that). The father and son both stared at me in shock because I would tell an adult they were wrong. My father just laughed. I don't think I was necessarily smarter than other children by nature. I was just brought up with the idea that it is everyone's personal responsibility to read, to learn, to say when you don't know the answer, to find reliable sources. And above all, never to memorize answers without fully understanding them. Which is why I love writing code ;) Agree completely. My OSX environment fully mirrors various Linux deployment environments I run well enough to test any kind of shell scripting or crontabs or anything else I need to test locally before deploying them. Also, Parallels and VMWare both say they'll release M1 compatible virtual machines soon should you need a specific release to test on. I don't see the point of shelling out for Apple hardware if you just want to run a Linux distribution as your main OS. I'm more bothered by the current inability to boot into Windows. Wow. That is insane and stupid and incredibly fucked up. I've had to rent Macs in the cloud on a rare basis to test certain latest-version Safari issues, and it's always a crap connection and a miserable experience. But is it enforceable for them to stipulate the minimum length of time of a VM lease?! That's your machine. You paid for it. If you want to rent it out to someone for 3 hours that's your prerogative. I don't see how they can possibly enforce that or how it could be legal as a seller to tell someone how to use their hardware. Screw the walled garden. Build web apps. Wow. A troglodyte on HN manages to get top votes by vomiting an incredibly incoherent spew of libertarianism, marxism, reactionary nationalism and militant western chauvinism. All of this in reaction to an article about slave labor going into every fanboy's favorite screen. Who woulda thunk it. A lot of things you say are right: If Western civ actually held to its neoliberal values then things would cost more. Slave labor is inefficient (although it's more efficient and apparently more acceptable than executing people like they did during the Cultural Revolution). But on what planet do you live where the only solution is armed violence? First of all, that's just not possible. Even in America, the idea that because we have guns we are able to stand up against oppressive government is nothing more than a wet dream fantasy of the far right. In China? Uighurs are going to arm up and stand to the CCP? Are you out of your mind? If that looked like anything, it would look like Islamic terrorism. You and I in America, and the people in Hong Kong, and the Uighurs, are not in a "slave society", we are in a corporation. And our issues are not going to be cured by taking up small arms against nuclear states that act as part of that corporations, even if millions of us are armed. The only thing going on here is a battle for scarce resources, disguised as a bunch of ideologies. Look, the UAE and Saudi Arabia have trillions of dollars they could spend to build up a Palestinian state rebuild Syria or help the Uighurs, but what do they do? Make arms deals with Israel and America and China. And logically they're doing what they need to do. There is no world in which your fantasy of small arms and liberation of slaves is a remote possibility. The only possibility is people owning their own local resources. And not sharing them as marxists, either. There are very few, if any, levers that we can pull from the West at this point to promulgate that strategy. We can't bomb the railway lines into the Uighur camps, as we should have in WWII, because it would cause a nuclear war. We can cut off trade, and encourage people not to trade with bad actors, that's about it. Everything else is just a wanker fantasy. Doing time in Scandinavia amounts to living for free in a socialist utopia. You call working in the US "indentured servitude"? Really? If so, it's a very nice kind of slavery, where lots of us can buy houses and many idiots have the time to stand in line for a PS5. If you took away the societal whim to buy the latest shoes / rims / playstations (which I think is temporary and only based on cheap credit) then you have a massively productive economy and still one of the highest living standards in the world. In spite of the obvious inequalities. The answer isn't to tear down the system, it's to get better education to more people so they stop trying to tear down the system, and start trying to make the system work better for them. > Unfortunately we also have to inform our users that we could no longer support AdMob for use in their own apps either Does this imply that Google is holding them responsible for apps originating from their platform which might also have been sources of bad traffic ...separately from their own in-app advertising? Such a great point. HTML is a terrific way to write documents and TERRIBLE way to lay out applications - especially for lots of different screen sizes. It's not surprising at all to see Google embracing Canvas now to underpin Docs; basically they are admitting that it would have been better to write the whole program in a Java VM or in Flash than to rely on the browser for layout. This is patently obvious to anyone who builds large web applications. Ten years ago we had ASWing, JSwing and plenty of other actual frameworks where you didn't have to diddle around with tons of logic embedded in templates which were embedded in other logic; but thanks to Apple we're still saddled with this wretched Javascript/HTML paradigm that was never meant to do much more than inline some animated GIFs back in the 90s. Yes, it's gotten better (I've been doing this since the 90s, so I know). But it's so inelegant. To some degree this is just a problem with open web standards. It would be better if any one company actually had dominated to the point where they could write a closed standard, because at least it would be coherent and cross-platform. It was a lot easier to write a web app in 2010 than it is now, and it pains me to think how many hours I could have avoided reinventing the wheel if Flash had been allowed to stick around. Any app written entirely now on canvas is just replicating a VM that already existed a decade ago in what was by then a much more mature ecosystem - and was faster then than canvas or WebGL is now. If I had to pick a stack to do a new web app entirely in canvas, I'd probably choose to port a ton of interface components from AS3 into PixiJS... but the point is, where have we gotten? Ten years from now we'll be writing apps the way they were written in 2010 -- inside a black box in a canvas or VM. The HTML5/JS revolution has been a sham from the start, just a way for one corporation to dismantle another with the side benefit of forcing all of us to rewrite our code from scratch in a crappier language. The bedrock truth behind this is that companies, even 20 years ago, were far more concerned about both retaining dedicated employees and maintaining customer satisfaction. Has anyone had to try to contact Paypal about a pending payment in the past few years? What about getting a human with authority over minimum wage on the phone at an insurance company? What has taken place is that the mass of people who were "consumers" have become "users", and are replaceable and disposable; while the employees have been downgraded to associates. It's not just the feeling of outrage you get when you're trying to establish, with a person, where $1000 someone sent you disappeared to for a month. It's the anti-human system underpinning the idea that we should build an algorithm to keep people on hold longer, the more pissed off they sound about an unwarranted charge. There are a lot of points at which business logic taken to its fullest fruition turns out not to be good business. We tend to hope the market will rebel against the excesses of companies that treat users as interchangeable parts. But the reality is we (coders) are contributing to the de-humanization of the majority of humanity, in many of these small interactions and small-change money collecting circumstances. That's our job. But at some point we should be able to see the circle closing around us; we're exempt because we can hack our way through the thicket of junk it takes to get our identity back if it's stolen, a new job if our startup shuts down; we are constantly re-inventing ourselves and innovating. But we are not our users. We wouldn't even want our users to be us. The point as I take it, of this, is that screwing your employees is treating them as users; and treating users the way we have, for a long time, is also self-defeating and bad for society. when I lived in Granada, to travel to Madrid was either 6-7 hours by slow train, or 1 hr by bus to Malaga then 2.5 hrs by fast train, or... 5 hours by first class bus service directly from Granada. The first class bus included food and what seemed to be unlimited beer and wine for like 30 euro. No comparison. This is my favorite option for point to point travel in Iberia if there is no fast train nearby. This is cool. I adore the animation. I think you can tell how the data's a bit skewed by the HN audience so far as a result of 79% thinking they're more progressive than average. That question doesn't have the same type of subjectivity as how you smell, for instance, because anyone who's progressive at all in some way can correctly answer yes to it. I wish I had seen the deleted comment. My take was obvious, but it was intended as a compliment to the creator of the piece, not to incite argument. Still, I'm curious to know why I got trolled for it. Yup. And given that an almost exactly inverse group said they're more conservative than average, that's a hot take on how tech libertarians view themselves if given a binary choice. The idea is also captured in lots of western post-apocalyptic science fiction. The absence of a functioning government gives rise to local warlords. The "vacuum" is made up of weak semi-states that are usually horrific. Chinese history is full of periods of warlordism, too. One of the things I found so bizarre as a liberal... I was against the Iraq war on the basis that it would create a power vacuum, which it did. When six years later, liberals lined up to applaud the Arab Spring, I was against American support for it for the same reason. Both of those things were sold to the American public as a form of liberation from dictatorship. In the former, we would supply democracy after overthrowing Hussein. In the latter, we would expect countries with no history of democracy and almost no independent civic institutions to do it for themselves. The goal is great, but it never seems to be reached. People here haven't mentioned the Iranian revolution which was the most vivid example in modern history of a sudden vacuum in a dictator's absence, with the presence of a drifting democracy movement, being filled by a bloodthirsty lunatic. Never mind the horrors inflicted by the North on their newly liberated Southern brethren, 800,000 of whom fled by boat (many to take up successful lives as immigrants in the evil, racist USA). Having taken a large organization's entire stack the other way in 2016 - from dedicated metal colocation to AWS, after a series of devastating ddos attacks on our datacenter - I've remained cautious and judicious in how I use cloud services, to attempt to prevent lock-in, for this reason. I build all critical systems (including outbound mail - which requires negotiating with Amazon) on raw EC2 VMs, allocated drives and RDS images, and more or less balance workloads between them manually. This involves a bit more hassle than e.g. putting frontends on elastic beanstalk with automatic load balancing, or using buckets or any of the nicer cloud features... I basically treat AWS as a colocation facility where I don't need to get anyone on the phone to reboot a machine at 3am. I've been told I'm "misusing" or even "misunderstanding the purpose of" the wonderful services provided by AWS. But for me, the upshot is that I could probably port the entire infrastructure to any other server farm within a few hours if necessary. I agree that there's basically never a good use case for shipping logic from server to client or vice versa in a formal application setting. BUT. I could definitely see a scenario where something like this would be handy for farming distributed processing out to naive nodes or workers that don't / shouldn't have access to the core logic. In 2005, I answered a craigslist ad and got a job for $12/hr photoshopping decals for tourists at a kiosk at a mall. 12pm-8pm. The kiosk owner asked me to build a website for him. So I did. His cousin who was starting a new non-tech business saw the website and asked if I could write custom business software for it. I said I didn't have any experience in that, but if he paid me $30k up front and the rest on the back, I'd move to south america and spend a year figuring it out. He did, I did, and now I make $160/hr writing their software, and still have freedom to take other clients when I want to. The best advice I can give is to never say a job is beyond your knowledge - say you will figure it out, and then mean what you said and figure out how to do an excellent job so you get hired again. Great comment. If layered and localized counter-entropy is, philosohically, the highest attainment of a mainly entropic universe, hitting rm -fr on a species is pretty much the only universal example of evil. The destruction of complexity is the undermining of the universe's attempt to observe itself through forms of processing that arise after billions of years. But of course, their destruction is probably an expected outcome. That doesn't make it any less evil from our puny perspective. What's weird to me - even though I grew up in BBS-land, ran forums, and met lots of people from online - is the degree to which normie youth culture has now made this the main way of engaging and meeting. If you observe any girl/boy interaction at any random bar now, it seems there's a 90% chance they're just meeting IRL for the first time. It feels like the pandemic has upped this. What I see as the downside is that it's a supermarket - you really don't see a lot of couples who've been together or are together for any length of time going out and enjoying each other's company. That seems to have diminished, along with other social skills that aren't mediated by a platform. Well said. And "This is why we can't have nice things" sums up this whole thread pretty neatly. When it was actually spendable without huge fees, and before any sane person thought of it as an investment vehicle, Bitcoin had a killer app: Poker and probably fair online gambling. That, however, did not fly with certain governments who didn't want to declare crypto a "thing of value," let alone a currency, but needed to in order to control and tax offshore and onshore gaming. Once you can't spend it on entertainment and it lost its function as a medium of quick exchange, it lost most of its reason for existing. That just happened to coincide with the deluge of suckers who wanted to hodl it. Source: I built a startup Bitcoin gaming site in 2011. But Zerohedge in turn is a great example of a stopped clock being right twice a day. You can certainly write any end product without OOP as you could with it. I happen to like OOP because I think more visually and geometrically than linearly. My answer to your question about how to write clear code that maximizes OOP's usefulness is to constantly consider what attributes in subclasses you can or should push up the inheritance chain. For example, I spent a long time working on a piece of software that had pop questions, quizzes, and tests separated into different kinds of objects and database structures. Getting familiar with the commonalities and differences between these user interactions, I was able to restructure the code so that tests extended quizzes, which were a collection of questions paired with answers and users. Maybe this should have seemed obvious to the original coder, but when things grow organically you don't always design them in the ideal way. Restructuring that helped me migrate the database to a simpler, cleaner set of connecting tables that then helped expose a lot of data (user performance) that was much harder to tease out previously. So to me, OOP is more a way of getting at the truth of business / application logic. When trying to solve a small problem, I often write functional inline code. But on a large scale I use objects to clarify the relationships between real world artifacts. I'm not sure what business model you're referring to in which it's easier to just ingest data and run analyses... but in customer-facing systems or logistics programs or online reservations software, where lots of users are passing around discreet collections of data pulled from some initial query and expected to parse back into the database after modifications, having strongly typed objects that you expect to be passed around is absolutely critical. E.g. I never worked for Lyft or Uber, but it's hard to imagine any sane way their front ends could be written without objects for routes, vehicles, waypoints, customers, payment sums, etc. I'm not sure why you assumed the poster was male (I would guess otherwise). But it doesn't sound like they're refusing to acknowledge it. Also, what does acknowledging it do? You can't exactly stop being a white British male. During covid, I wrote a tool that takes the avg daily infection rate in my county, makes some rough assumptions about incubation time, time-to-transmission, duration of contagion and asymptomatic rate, and tells me the probability of someone with covid having been in the supermarket down the street within the past few hours (based on capacity and traffic data of people in the market). It wasn't usually very reassuring, but it felt better to see a number than just go in blind. Funny, I found this both repulsive and hilarious; and then I read the top two battling comments. I have a GF who loves to text random shit exactly when I'm in the middle of solving the Hardest Problem Ever™ The thing is, I've learned how to moderate it by just ignoring the texts, and so should most people, so you'd have to be sort of a d*ck to use a bot to answer for you in anything more than a rudimentary regard; let alone one to shout out reassurances on a regular basis. I mean, it's funny as hell because we all know people who thrive on feeling connected 24/7 through texts. And also it would definitely lead to Larry David level embarrassment when you inevitably get outed. So in a way it's a karmic circle where anyone who uses it deserves what they get. How much data do you collect on those contacts and texting habits? Because for data mining this makes lots of sense. You could even steal other people's talkative girlfriends. You just need a voice bot to simulate you on the phone. Sim Tower and Sim Ant were both great network-building games. They seemed boring until you really delved into the details. Maxis was really genius up until EA bought them. Here's a pretty cool project they did that never came to light... https://www.gamesradar.com/simrefinery-the-lost-oil-plant-ga... I don't think I would ever pay ransom under any circumstances. Not for data or system functionality. I'd throw the computers in the river. I know this about myself because I had to deal with a kidnapping and extortion of my best friend in south america around 15 years ago.. and a few years later a ddos extortion attempt on one of my servers (the criminal was released from prison recently and I won a federal judgment against him for damages). Not a day goes by that I don't wish misery and sickness on those people. But something emerged in me during those crises that was not necessarily something I liked about myself in the long run. I wouldn't negotiate. I'm ashamed to admit I risked a friend's life by lying to the kidnappers. But I couldn't believe a word they were saying or even know if she was alive. I went cold and stopped cooperating. It was terrifying but I was in shock. I played poker with someone's life. It's something you don't really know about yourself or ever want to know until you're in the situation. I still have nightmares about it. Right. True. But I mean I'm not sure if my decisions would be based on logical priorities. The first experience really primed me. Terrorized me. Made me want to kill people who do things like that. The second, the one that didn't involve a human life, brought down a transatlantic cable and cost mid six figures not including me working 72 hours straight trying to get into my own servers to migrate them. I not only refused to pay the ransom, which was around $2k, I didn't even disclose the ransom letter to the clients who were down until it was over. I got on the phone with the FBI and devoted a solid chunk of time over the next year to hunting down the attacker. That's not a good priority. It came from deep damage and unresolved anger about the earlier situation. I just delved into this. Fascinating stuff. I think in part it's not that I'm naturally assertive but that I'm the opposite. I can't put myself in the mindset of the attacker. So I'm looking for a technical fix, a way around. I also thought clearly, if I pay, they'll just ask for more. Because how can you possibly expect someone doing something like that to keep their word? So to me it's a bit like the boundary described in that video where giving the hostage-taker a car is just not a viable option. Tangentially related to technical fixes: There was an incident recently where my brother had his phone simjacked, and the attackers changed his google password. He recovered access by email but they kept changing the password as quickly as he did. Both parties were still logged in. I called his phone number, someone picked up and then hung up. So I got on Skype on a couple different machines and basically DOSd the phone with calls from random skype numbers nonstop. After about 15 minutes of this they either turned off the phone or the 4G. It bought enough breathing room to change the 2FA on the account and lock down his bank accounts that used gmail as his verification address. If they'd been smart or fast enough to change both the recovery email and the SMS 2FA it would have been game over. So currently, it's a couple days after police and intelligence agencies worldwide raided the owners of ANOM-using phones that were allegedly private and built to exclude common hardware/software that's used for tracking. I'm not saying the governments of the world were wrong to bring those people down. But do you really expect anyone to buy a phone - with any combination of hardware and software - and retain any expectation of privacy whatsoever? Am I paranoid to think that this sounds like a continuation of the ANOM project... selling a supposedly secure, home brew and private device to the gullible who desperately want a secure channel? Here's a secure channel: Dump your phone. There's no personal security with a device like that if you live in a state that might use your affiliations against you. it certainly touches the end user the moment they try to use the device for productivity and realize where the walls of the garden were established. But at that point maybe they're not a "user" anymore. The Diamond Age as the follow-up to Snow Crash is also a great piece of sci-fi. Cryptonomicon is fun, I re-read that recently. I wouldn't really call it sci-fi, though. More like historical fiction.. This sums up inner Portland as well. It wasn't the case before 2020, though. I like to think it's a temporary state of affairs. The things that make the city an attractive place for families are still there, structurally. They're just covered with a lot of garbage at the moment. I kinda think a product in search of a market (or worldview, or monetization strategy) is a much more beautiful thing, and a more disruptive and interesting thing, and more likely to lead to an interesting culture, than a product that has nailed down every aspect of its target audience and marketing strategy before launching. "Base Reality" as defined here is a post-facto attempt to create a "thesis" around things like Airbnb or Coinbase that evolved from startups and are still grappling with their base reality in situ as it evolves. What these companies may have is an ability to switch from one "base reality" to another, depending on what's successful. This article leaves that out of the picture. Surprising, for someone who's an acolyte of improv. Really, the most beautiful pieces are the ones where even the performers have no idea where it's going to end up. NOT surprising for someone who misunderstands both comedy and business. As grim as that is, some of us still engage as if it weren't, ignore the self-promotion, and soldier on to the next post. If enough people do that, it counterbalances the marketing. HN is a wide but shallow audience. But it knows crappy marketing when it sees it. Kind of gross analysis written by someone who's been employed as a coder for max 2-3 years. Your liquidity and value are nothing - NOTHING - compared with technical debt and lock-in. You look at this market as a new coder and think you understand it, but you have no clue. Here's an example. What good are any of your skills if you have to spend a year tearing apart some code written in 2004 ...even if you get paid $300k to do it? How far forward have you put yourself? Conversely, if you write some code right now on the arm or let's say, $60k +20% for a startup, and it goes big, are you fireable? I guess it depends on your relevance to the company. Nothing here means anything, because liquidity of skill is a concept only argued over by people who lack both. The firmament is necessity. The guarantee of success is your indispensability. Then, God help ya cause you and your clients will unto death not part. Um, I'm not much of a team player. But when I did work with other people, if I had to write some crazy graphical interface or a 2D UI over a 3D game or something, it was much better to do it on my own. I'd just write a VERY GOOD API and let the others hook into the code. Document and comment everything so I can walk away from it and let other people take it over. The kind of organization you work for sounds like both a soulless nightmare AND an incredibly inefficient waste of human potential. This is a great frickin story. I have pretty severe OCD and I treat myself this way. You basically can't have mercy with your own stupid terrors about objects if you have OCD. Taking the hair drier with you is brilliant. What the other shrinks should have noticed is that this is taking the power of agency away from the object and returning it to the owner. OCD people like me follow a certain thought process: 1. I need to do this [thing] or [something] bad will happen. 2. Nothing bad happened. I'm not wounded or dead. That was because I did [thing]. 3. If I hadn't switched the blender on and off 14 times today before I walked out the house, I might have walked out 30 seconds earlier and been hit by a bus. Therefore even as irrational as it seems, the wasted time on the blender was enough to keep me in the right timeline where I'm still alive and breathing. 4. Therefore whenever I get an irrational impulse to do something that might delay me, I should do it, because that's what keeps me on the timeline where I'm not hit by a bus. Just because none of this can be cured by someone speaking rationally to you and telling you you're insane, doesn't mean that it can or should be cured by mood-altering chemicals. The only answer for me has been demonstration to myself, i.e., I didn't slam the door six times but I didn't get cancer. etc. However, the biggest motivator was my ex-gf who used to wake up when I was folding my pants over and over, and go, WILL YOU FRIGGIN LAY DOWN? Last thought here. Drawing connections between what happens and what happened prior is a fine art, and one that's richly rewarded in the right corners of hackerdom. There's no shortage of people who lack the ability to see the most basic cause/effect and are willing to pay you to tease those things out of the data, or out of your ass. I consider OCD to be an asset, not a fault, as long as it can be channeled properly. It may have saved my life. BUT yeah about stupid shit like hair driers, just show people the obvious. Being OCD doesn't mean you're an idiot, and if you swallow the pill that says "I won't die because X" you open more doors to other rational thoughts. OCD is just your brain stuck in an if/then pattern. Several elses may cure a big chunk of it. This. A lot of things generate a broad immune response that would probably improve mild to moderate cases of just about anything. My gf secretly switched my usual horse dewormer for Sanka. On the third day I ate the postman, but I haven't had covid since. Is a radio station obligated to put you on the air and let you say whatever you want? No. And those are publicly owned airwaves. You have a right to free speech. You don't have a right to be heard, nor a right to stand on a billion dollar multinational soapbox. The fact that it's a de facto standard or the biggest megaphone at your disposal has zero bearing on your right to use of it. It's a private platform. Many of us made the decision in 2008 not to create Facebook accounts or to do anything through that company. Your mistake is you thought you understood your role in something, and didn't; thought you had a right to something which turned out to be a very easily revocable privilege. I really hope FB slowly takes their own network apart at the great distress and alarm of every single user who views it as indispensable, specifically so people will be individually and forcefully disabused of the notion that they were part of an actual community. I find it hard to think of anyone I know who relies on Facebook who I wouldn't banhammer from any site I owned. A full public record of posts / pumps correlated by IP, country, device fingerprint, and equities they're pushing... with a free API... now we'd be talking about some interesting reverse engineering. So... imagine there's some fictional ETF that rises at exactly the rate of inflation. At the end of a year, your $100k investment is $102k. Still buys the same number of Big Macs, potatoes, whatever. You then have to pay tax on the $2k gain. You've lost purchasing power. Let's say your balance is now $101,800. If you looked at this as monetary policy (rather than tax policy), wouldn't this essentially be a negative interest rate? Over time, wouldn't inflation rise exponentially? Now, suppose the ETF tries to pace inflation + tax. Where does this extra money come from? Debt? Thus more inflation. I find it interesting that the poster from Denmark considers it no big deal; Denmark has had negative interest rates for several years. That may make sense in a small, aging country that needs to stave off deflation, but the US currently has the opposite problem - inflation. Wouldn't a tax on inflationary "gains" send it into hyperdrive? I think religion is a poor analogy, because except in a few extreme cases like Iran, religion doesn't seek to create a totalitarian framework for every personal thought or action. And I don't view the Iranian revolution as much as a religious revival as a movement in the sense that a totalitarian movement must stay "in motion". The motion is the point. The revolution carries on, eating its own. To me as a liberal it took a long time to realize that "wokism" has no fixed goal; it's more like a millenarian cult or a utopian movement that is willing to constantly redefine language in the service of forever one-upping its own followers. The winner is whoever can create the most visceral mob anger at last month's winner. It survives without an articulable final goal precisely because each iteration of the dogma pushes the last under a bus. Power comes from staying ahead of the permanent motion of the movement, an impossible task. Similar phenomena can be observed in right wing movements, of course. But the far right is open about its hate, so anyone who demures can ultimately fall back on personal conscience. The far left uses love, not hate, as the grindstone for its acolytes. Thus any dissent leaves the dissenter questioning whether she was insufficiently loving. This kind of "love", detached from its real world object or any true objective, used as a measure of fealty, is one of the key hallmarks of totalitarianism, because it requires absolute obeisance in thought and action, while totally atomizing each member of the community into a fearful, self-censoring follower of whoever claims the mantle of radicalism and motion today. The point wasn't to excuse any facets of religion, simply to point out that there are stronger similarities in operational tactics to totalitarian movements than there are to garden-variety religious organizations, which in the modern age tend to calcify around dogma rather than act as engines of motion via constant revolutionary purges. [flagged] Sure, you are what you are __now__, but as a teenager that is going through radical changes. That's why you can't even get a tattoo in the US until you turn 18. In some states, not even with parental permission. Because it's irreversible. The whole trouble with reassignment surgery for minors is precisely due to the fact that who they are today is not who they will be as adults. Of course people should be treated as they want to be treated __now__, but society recognizes that adolescents are not capable of seeing far enough ahead to adulthood to be entrusted with making certain kinds of permanent, life-altering decisions. There's no debate I'm aware of about lowering the age for getting a tattoo, or drinking, or acting in porn, or other things which are fine for adults, but which we don't permit 12 year olds to do. This might come off sounding a little rough, but as someone who had one sibling die of overdose and another by suicide, I don't think teenagers are the best stewards of their own bodies or sanity. Sometimes allowing them to make their own decisions about who they're going to be friends with or what they're going to do with their bodies ends up losing a life. I can see how lives might be saved by being permissive to them having what they want, when they want it, but I've also seen lives lost that way. So I find the "save lives" argument a little disingenuous or misinformed. An open conversation and a working plan for what they want to do later in life is a good thing. I'm not opposed to hormone therapy as an interim measure. But I'm opposed to catering to teenage whims that aren't thought through very well, or discussed well, or which are driven by a desire to be part of a popular group, because I've seen the results. Confusion and self-hate and self-destruction can happen as a result of not being able to express yourself, but they can also happen as a result of too much unrestrained emancipation for a teenager, who doesn't understand the consequences. I'm not even speaking about trans issues here, just about teenage decisions in general. They're not fully rational people. I wasn't, either. I built my own framework that I've used for a dozen or so apps since 2005. It started in SQL/PHP/HTML/JS/Air and slowly migrated project by project, class by class, to SQL/Node/Typescript. Some of the utility classes are still almost exact transcriptions. Every project introduces new challenges and use cases the framework wasn't designed for. I try to add the ones to the core that I think will be helpful down the road, and keep a repository of other elements I can look up just in case. Whenever I take a project, I often find myself building in "what if" scenarios - e.g. what if the client asks for some further functionality down the road. I view my job as a programmer as trying to think of these things the client might not yet have conceived of, and leaving room for them in future iterations. I'll bring them up to the client and if they don't need them, I'll often write them in anyway. From the POV of putting out a concise, open-source package, I wouldn't do that. There's no need to expose half-baked functionality. But for myself, for my own work, I'll at least make a code stub and some notes every time I think of one of those things where an extra argument could be added, or extra functionality could branch off. At least half the time, clients come back years later asking for some functionality I stubbed, and I at least know where to look for it. If it seems useful enough, I merge it into the core. So I don't think it's a bad impulse to try to think of every edge case. That's a great impulse. You just don't have to write the code for each one right now unless you think they'll impact daily operations. But if you were to lose the urge to do it, I'd argue you'd be a lesser programmer. My grandfather invested in a new apartment building back in the 50s. At the end of every day he'd go there with a case of beer for the construction workers. He said, "I want to make sure they care. So if they see a place where one nail is enough, they'll hammer in two nails just to be sure." That's how I feel for my clients; I hammer in all the nails I can think of. The result is, usually I'm shocked by how few bugs there are in production. I've had business software running 24/7 that goes for years without any intervention. The occasional upgrade or minor UI fix. Error-proofing is the state of mind you're in when you write that parser and google for every edge case you can think of. [edit] I just want to add another thought. There's such a thing as needing to ship. If you add every bell and whistle, every speed improvement and cache, you'll just keep going and never finish. The important thing is to think about these possibilities as you're writing the code, and document them so you know where the pain points might be if this software is still running much more intensively ten years down the road. Hm. Thank you. And good point. Designing for other coders to work with your code is very different than designing for only a client, and your future self. Too many options or unnecessary hooks in an API is a pain when you just want to do something clear with it. Not enough options can render a platform unsuitable. In some ways this is a classic problem - if you run a shoe store, do you put out one beautiful shoe that everyone tries to fit into, or too many shoes to choose from. But in software, the feet change shape. So the more opinionated something is, the more it runs up against an unforeseen future (I'm thinking about Actionscript, JQuery, D3...) Maybe a good balance would be to design an opinion into the software, but with alternate futures in mind, to try to foresee breaking changes... this can be opinionated, but still leave options open in case requirements change..? But yes, it's harder if you're building an ecosystem. TL;DR I still think writing more options is better as a rigorous thought process, if not as actual code. If you must, hide them from the API consumer, but have them in the arsenal. (In itself, that's an opinion). But can you know how people will use your software? I think it's better to plan for the unexpected, and just make sure each individual part doesn't affect the others. For example, CSS basically offers infinite flexibility in a graphics model, often with unforeseen run-on consequences within the document. People use it in all kinds of crazy ways. But it's not a big deal, because it doesn't usually interfere with app logic on any deeper level. A narrower case to make could be, it's actually good to offer tons of options, just make them all, like, optional and isolated . I certainly understand that from a team / larger organization perspective. But since I'm the de facto maintainer of these apps for the rest of my life, it's quite nice to have written everything myself and know the strengths and weaknesses intimately, from the UI to the database. And it wouldn't be so bad for someone to take over. I maintain contingency "if I get hit by a bus" documents for each active app, accessible to the client and containing keys, links to source code, and helpful pointers. The framework has evolved to be readable, relatively simple in practice, and well documented. For what I charge, it's been a good deal for both me and the clients - mostly smaller businesses with custom needs that can be iterated over time. When Salesforce reps come knocking, trying to scare them about the dangers of technical debt or future migration costs for custom platforms, it's pretty much like, "we'll switch eventually if we have to, but why would we pay you guys three times more to migrate and manage it, when we can already request new features whenever we want?" The truth is, no one will ever have to maintain them, because when I'm gone they'll just rebuild from scratch; they've already gotten their money's worth over the years of operation. "If you look at what happened in 2019 the H1 envelope protein..." was that date a typo? I worked on the first demo of Star Citizen a decade ago , prior to the announcement and up through the first Kickstarter. I haven't followed the development much in recent years. I feel like there's been a joke circulating for awhile about finally implementing a "roadmap to a roadmap". Here's my (very limited) insight into how the project took the direction it did. Chris Roberts is a brilliant guy to work with, a first rate coder and by any standard a visionary. He seems to have a new idea every ten seconds, and they usually begin "it would be cool if..." An hour later, you're still taking notes and he's saying, "and it would be realllly cool if..." Technical difficulties and obstacles were, at that stage anyway, actually a reason to do things. Part of the idea was to prove that PC gaming would always outstrip the console experience. Polygon counts could be made higher, and higher again. The goal wasn't performance, but the opposite - how much could you put on the screen. Think about it now with 10 years of hindsight, that's a race you're only one ever one generation of consoles away from losing. My impression of working with him was that there's no such thing as practical constraints. A good enough coder should be able to get around anything. Prior to the first demo, there was a hard deadline to have something to show, so a lot of corners had to be cut. Once that happened, his attitude immediately shifted to "sky's the limit". And with the wild success of the first round of crowd funding, that became "spare NO expense." This was never just a space game, or even only his magnum opus. It's a fully functioning universe that exists in his mind, that just needs to be turned into code. Everything Wing Commander was limited by, this would be unconstrained by. Everything is possible as long as you're committed to always building for the latest platform, on the most powerful machine in the known universe, and your audience was committed to having the same hardware. A newer engine comes out or newer hardware? Tear down everything and rebuild for it. So, I never thought that this was a crowd-funded game about the making of a game. I think it's what happens when perfectionism meets unlimited resources. I also have to say that the community forum was very, very involved and demanding from the beginning. They were already playing the game they imagined in their own heads. Having put their dollars in, they felt entitled to their say in feature development. And this crowd involvement, their one-upping each other's ideas, mixed with Chris's almost infinite drive to incorporate new features, and his impulse to say yes to almost anything that sounded cool, and then a tsunami of cash, created a dynamic of setting up more and more far-fetched goals right out of the gate. Around that point, what I had built - which was never actually integrated into a working build - was jettisoned for a different approach. He hired 500 people and I sort of drifted off without ever being specifically let go. Still, it was a great experience, one of the most challenging and certainly one of the most fun projects I've ever worked on, especially in the sky's-the-limit phase, and Chris is the kind of demanding but fair person who held everyone to high standards, but who held himself to the highest. He was a pleasure to work with. I hope he finishes his game. Ubik was one of my favs. He has to put in a coin to get out the door of his apartment in the morning, right? 5th Element stole that with the cigarette dispenser. Apparently Google agrees. HTML5 doesn't exist. HTML5 never existed. https://www.html5rocks.com/en/ It was just a convenient buzzword to get every business to redo their website. (Us former Flex/Flash devs understood that all too well). Once I just embraced the fact that non-DOM original interfaces were dead, webkit was the lousy future, and everyone and their mother was asking for JS sites, I enjoyed a decade of boring work I'd rather not have done rewriting everything I'd ever written. But hey, it paid my mortgage. Your logic seems fairly sound as far as the future trajectory of covid-19, if history is a guide. What I've been wondering and I'd put to you is, do you think the T-cell response to the mRNA vaccines / infection will also confer immunity or decrease the severity of MERS? Or other more distantly related wild coronaviruses? I'm still confused about the mechanics of this as well. I suck at finance (Damnit Jim, I'm a coder, not a mortgage broker!) Like, if I were to get a reverse mortgage on my home equity let's say while rates are low. Take that and put it in the stock market, something that pays a high dividend. Makes sense that would be a win as long as the market doesn't crash[0]. But where's the tax advantage? If I ever want to spend that money I have to take it out and pay capital gains. The fact that the basis is adjusted when I die doesn't really help me. I guess if I had enough gains from stock to service the debt and declare a loss... is that the ticket? I really hate how I can write a genetic algo from scratch and then feel like a freakin 11 year old who just missed an easy layup every time I call my accountant. Reading a tax form makes my eyes gloss over faster than trying to look at someone's wordpress plugin. [0] which is why I haven't done this [edited for misplaced italics] What about taxing lenders when they take loans against non physical collateral? i.e. something that's not a house, car or otherwise utilitarian infrastructure. Let them pass the tax on in rate hikes until it equals the capital gains tax. Just a spitball idea. Great explanation. Thank you. Framing it as retaining the maximum initial gains as a basis for investment makes it much clearer. As a consumer of posts who wants to occasionally read Quora on my phone's DDG browser, I just no longer bother to click the link. Ditto with Reddit unless I feel like fighting their popups. Logging in or downloading the apps? You've gotta be kidding. Nothing would be a bigger waste of time or storage on my phone. FB is obnoxious in that they only let you view one page w/o logging in, but I never had a FB account so I just ignore any links to them. I suspect a lot of other people as consumers - not privacy advocates or engineers - find these login/download walls annoying enough to drop engagement. Quora is particularly obnoxious and I've never had an account with them, but removing a few invisible divs in the dom editor usually lets me read what I need to. Could you explain? Are the spike proteins around MERS too different... and what about the coronaviruses that cause the common cold. Could we expect any cross immunity to those. I haven't been contacted and it didn't really cross my mind to ask. It would probably be pretty fun if I were to devote my full time to it. One of the sticking points was that I'm a freelancer and actually didn't have the kind of rig necessary to run the actual builds. I was producing in-flight subsystems for a 2D overlay that could be hooked into by an API from custom code in cryengine. Commonly known as a HUD. My take on it was to make it vector based and procedurally generated. That took too many cpu cycles away from the game itself, and with the stack at that point there was no happy medium. I got the impression that ten people rewriting it as a set of prefab graphical sprite animations was better than me trying to invent a whole API. So mine was shelved. Another thing I did was a surprise for CR, basically a tool to prototype solar systems as you would like them to be and then reverse out masses and gravitation to make them procedural. He wasn't into it. He said "there's no way we're designing solar systems in Flash". So.. ehh. I've thought about writing my own infinite universe type game, but I'm kinda more interested in a-life and markov chain based sims in my spare time now. Ships passing in the expanse. This is a great analogy. It boils down to having a reason to put in the time to become proficient. A lot of people learn to code by the book without ever finding a puzzle they passionately want to solve through code. With language, you need a reason to practice. Only a breadth of experience can fill the gaps that allow you to intuit meaning in the real world, as opposed to a classroom. In a foreign country, the reason amounts to simply living there. I remember years of knowing simple BASIC and Perl when I was about 10-13 years old and having no ideas what to make with them. I could compile a Mac program with windows and menus and didn't know what to make, other than screen savers. Hypercard was what harnessed my creativity in narrative to my curiosity about code. A similar thing might happen to anyone who wants to code who loves music or writing or art. Code, like language, is for many people only important as a means to an end. It's a tool to communicate. So the measure of success in learning such a tool isn't necessarily whether you make a career at being a translator. It's at whether you can effectively use the tool to do the things you want and need to accomplish outside the specific domain of communication itself. I've struggled with exactly this lately. I used to write and record and play in bands. It sounds awful but at some point I lost hope of being commercially successful at it. The fantasy of rock stardom was what drove me to spend thousands of hours writing and playing. But I still love music. I rearranged my goals during the pandemic, bought a pedal steel guitar and started teaching myself something completely different. Now I can see myself getting onstage in a year or two and backing up a band I like, just for the joy of playing. Just having that long term goal in the back of my mind has let me lose myself in hours and hours of practice. In the code arena, I often have a "Show HN" in the back of my mind, even if I rarely or never show anything. This makes me think about the explosion in ice cream startups in the 2010s (the second time it happened after the 1980s). Ice cream is particularly hard to distribute but several companies made the cut and found themselves in nationwide supermarket aisles. I think there's always a consumer appetite to try the next new thing. I don't buy the idea that there's a moat around any of it. Switch meat-eating for slave-owning and you're starting to justify tearing down those statues of Washington and Jefferson. The killer feature of Ryan Air is that it costs £10 to get to a stag party in Malaga, for people who are too blitzed to care about comfort, basic customer service, getting hijacked by foreign governments, etc. The difference is, there are still professional-grade alternatives to Ryan Air, and the company you work for isn't going to make you fly them for business every day. (If they do, you should really quit). As a former waiter, I tip extra well. If I encountered this, I'd be tempted not to tip at all except maybe slipping a $10 bill to the runner or the bus boy. And I wouldn't go back to the restaurant. "... it's nice to continue working..." yes, this is also the problem with so many cafes. People go there to get some work done but also to interact. To strike up conversations about work or life with people outside your usual bubble. If you didn't want to be around other people you could stay in the office or at home. But in recent years everyone wears headphones and has so many devices that walking into a cafe at lunchtime is like going into a call center. What's the point? I've worked on laptops in cafes since the early 90s when I was usually the only one with a computer. But I learned the civility that if you're going to work in a public space, part of the reason you're doing that is to take time away from your work to interact with other people, including the service staff. Usually I would never go work "out" until all the job reqs for the day were done and I was comfortable being interrupted. To go into a public space and tune everything out and demand that it function like your private office is a bizarre antisocial feature of a generation that has spent too much time on social media and doesn't know how to act or respond in real life. Walking into those places now just makes me sad. I'm old enough to remember when the 'no laptops' signs sprouted and then quickly were overwhelmed or went out of business. I didn't take it personally - by that point I understood that my gf and I making graphics and websites while talking to the regulars wasn't the problem. Most of what I'm referencing is in South America, Thailand, Vietnam, France, Czechia and Spain. Generally liquor licenses are permissive and they're family owned, so, a lot of places serve coffee during the day and transition to bars and nightclubs at night. There is a general flow to your day where as evening approaches, you switch from corfee to alcohol and people you know come and populate your table, sometimes they work and if they're coders you talk shop about databases or something, then it gets too loud so you go out with whoever came by and get dinner. And if the server is finished you invite them too. This is what I considered a civilized form of working in a cafe with a computer on your table. And even at that,any times my gf thought it might be rude so we'd put it away and play chess or read. I think if people had an awareness of their surroundings in these spaces, the spaces wouldn't have turned into sterilized off-campus work sites. But that may be asking too much from people who've never experienced it. I think this is what some of the 90s/00s startups were trying to replicate with their play rooms, but that's a far cry from sitting with a local dev and a taxi driver and a drunk musician spitting out ideas To me that's what the cafe is for. (edit) I don't mean this to come off as the rant of an old gen X-er... it sounds to me like you had a real appreciation for the counterculture of ideas that could bubble up from having some limits and creativity in those spaces. You woulda loved the 90s. But maybe if enough people get sick of Blue Bottle Coffee and Starbucks, we can claw some humanity back. As it is, the less work-centric and more friends-and-family-centric parts if the world mostly reject the cafe as workplace model. They didn't used to find it so rude but they do now. I hope we have a backlash in the States if only because people really need that space to be verbal, interacting humans with each other. Especially on a lunch break. Pretty much this. I would probably quit a restaurant that did this because on the face of it, it takes away my ability to serve the customer, listen to them, explain, upsell, and generally provide the service they're tipping me for. Why would I expect a good tip if I didn't have that interaction with them? Ryan Air makes their seats out of recycled portapotties. The owner repeatedly lobbied for standing room in the back, coin slots on the toilets, and to remove the requirement for seatbelts since "if it goes down, they're all dead anyway." The one time I flew Aer Lingus (in coach, NYC to Dublin via Shannon) I had a fantastic breakfast that still ranks as one of my favorite airplane meals. Sure it cost hundreds of dollars more but once you're in the hands of an airline unfit to transport animals, you wish you'd spent the money. Don't UK and European sites still have to put up this notice even if the cookie isn't persistent? E.g. a session cookie? I mean, no one's said he was technically wrong about the crash situation. Although lap belts do occasionally stop people from fracturing their skulls on the ceiling of the plane or flying into the passenger beside them. https://www.nbcnews.com/business/travel/ryanair-ceo-seat-bel... I just want my corporate overlords to at least pretend not to have a wanton disregard for human life. Is that so much to ask? [edit] on the other hand, the best thing for the Spanish about having a standing section on Ryan Air flights would be the passengers would get their brawling out of the way before they make it to the pub. Interesting to know. It's become so ubiquitous and standard that I didn't even know it was unnecessary for simple login credentials. The conversion from cafe in the day to bar/club at night is more common in Spain and Argentina, but there are places around in France. I lived in a couple villages in Auvergne near Clermont-Ferrand and also in Avignon. The places that are cafes in the day will convert at night in these smaller towns. The whole square in Avignon is cafes in day and bars at night. (In Paris or Marseille I didn't really see this - but it's prevalent in Madrid and Buenos Aires). I wish I had spent more time in Lyon. The countryside around there probably seems boring to you, since you grew up in the city. But coming from America, it's obvious that the smallest village in France is light-years more advanced, more educated, clever and civilized than the country I grew up in. It has its problems of course, but it's paradise compared to most other places I've been. Funny, slightly dark story about Avignon. I became friendly with a guy there who was a good musician but turned out to be a bit of a...right wing type. National Front. There was a cafe on the square that was a gay club at night, and my girlfriend and I used to have coffee there in the day. One day this guy walked by and said "don't you know what this bar is where you're sitting?" I said, "come on, chill out, sit down." He took some convincing. So finally he sat down and I said, "I know you like Le Pen. How do you feel about sitting in front of a gay bar with an Filipina/Mexican and Jew/Argentine? Are you angry we're in your country?" He said, "as long as you're here because you're interested in France, I'm okay." Later, walking through town, he saw a kid urinating on the front step of an apartment. He shouted at the kid and the kid pulled a knife out. This guy tackled him. Still later we took a bus to the station through the banlieu and saw the desolation - she said, "what have they done to their country?" Eh. I shouldn't tell these stories on HN. I guess it taught me that life is complicated and to bring it full circle to the cafe question, your view of the world is very relative to where you grew up, in what time period, and what you expect people to behave like. 1. The problem with recycled seats is that they're incredibly, intentionally uncomfortable. If the airline spent a little money to upholster them to the level of say an intercity bus, it would be grand. 2. I've never been on a short Aer Lingus flight so can't comment. But I've been on lots of short Iberia and Air France flights and never dealt with the discomfort of Ryan. 3. Same reason I don't buy a Tesla. 4. I'd hope a pilot of the Irish flag carrier would have phoned in to ask whether diverting several hundred miles to Minsk was the wisest idea. Glassdoor shows the average Ryan Air pilot making €66k/year versus €91k for an Aer Lingus pilot. And no doubt the hours and schedules are hideous. If you choose to entrust your family members' lives to a company that requires defense with all the above caveats to save a few quid - I hope you're spending it on a decent hotel. Since all the clients I maintain these days are smaller, American-facing companies, I've never been asked to add this popup and I've never suggested it because none does business in the EU. No third party tracking cookies are involved, but some of my platforms do quite a bit of fingerprinting and store hashes of those fingerprints in cookies or local storage, and try to match those later with fingerprints polled for device authentication. This is perhaps less "obvious" a need for a site's internal purposes. None of it is shared, but I had assumed if I were to build anything like that EU-facing that the notice would be required. Why is this so hard? The world needs a bulletproof, politics-proof election system. Something like a blockchain with nodes all over the world, with proof-of-stake and a provably fair hash to check your vote. Maybe this is the real killer blockchain app. PG has turned a good profit selling the same pile of bullshit to two generations of CS grads and wannabe entrepeneurs now. I always thought the subtext was "and if you're really lucky, I can be your mentor/investor/boss and tell you why you're not trying hard enough." Nice to see he's still hustling too. It always struck me as selfish, pompous and sanctimonious all at the same time. He silently banned me from this site in 2012 for saying roughly the same thing - basically just made anything I posted invisible to 99% of others, so, yeah. Work harder, slaves! [edit/addendum] The ban was never told to me. It was a hell ban apparently decided without consultation b/c he felt insulted. So for years I would post stuff and not know why almost no one saw it. Sneaky. As a sysadmin I wouldn't do that. Meanwhile, all his pseudo-self-help motivational speeches added up to one thing: Gaining authority and power over kids who were desperate to get a tiny bit of backing for a great idea. Money played a big role and everyone supposedly knew what they signed up for, but the personal power dynamic and control issues have always been near the surface. PG fronted as the ultimate "angel", but his interest in making money let alone helping anyone always appeared to take a backseat to having power to manipulate children's emotions and form a cult of personality to pander to him and sing his praises. All HN is essentially an outgrown version of his ego. You have it right. Don't fall for this crap. It's just another iteration of the old company line, retreaded for the renter/gig generation - work hard til you retire, hope for a cash injection, then die early please. Nothing wrong with hard work, but you're right, it's better to spend your 20s living life. And question the source. [/edit /rant] You seem to be assuming there's no reason these tools need a login system at all. Assuming they do and they're storing some kind of state or data for the user, how do you handle forgotten passwords if the user can't receive an email? A second free tier for people who can't be bothered to add a recovery email is too much work for a tool that's free anyway. To the parent: Just send a validation email during the onboarding process. Don't create the account until they validate. And DO rate limit the number of these sent to any given address and the number of signup attempts by IP / fingerprint. Captchas are also good, but just for slowing fakes down. Weird. Same exact 5-word opening I was typing. I didn't see your post until I posted mine. If only 1% of someone's creative output is product placement, the other 99% is rubbish. They don't have creative freedom. Product placement is a sneaky form of advertising that degrades the creative value of whatever it's in, because unlike an ad next to an editorial, the advertiser in a placement explicitly alters and by definition limits and demands what the creative content can or cannot include. There's a word for rock stars who tout products - sellouts. Influencers are basically people whose idea of a great gig is to be popular enough to sell out. Put another way, creatives get paid for their own ideas, whether by selling work product directly or by ads placed which go with that work. And one way we judge the quality of any art or medium is the degree to which the creators are free from the influence of their advertisers. Influencers, on the other hand, merely mimic creativity as a means to shill for an advertiser. I'm an art director among other things, and I make ads for a living. In that industry, I'm a "creative"... as are designers I work with. But we're creating on behalf of a commercial enterprise, i.e. we don't have true creative freedom in that realm, or freedom of expression. And neither do influencers. In fact, they have even less than the marketing departments who sponsor them. So there's a difference, and 'influencer' is disparaging, and the social disdain is well-earned. But they were influenced into trying. This is a terrible idea. Children should never be trained to be "polite" to machines. Nor to treat them like people, nor to take orders from them. Interactions with software are a really bad proxy for teaching kids how to behave around other humans. I thought the arguments would be obvious to a programmer, but if you insist... First off, every one deserves basic respect and to be treated with dignity. Animals deserve respect and dignity as well (although we don't say "please" and "thank you" to them - I'll get to that in a moment). But you said "every thing " deserves respect. That is not true. You don't teach politeness, or manners, or anything else, as a series of actions to repeat unthinkingly. You teach by forcing them to consider the reasons for doing certain things. There are obvious reasons to be polite to other people. First of all, other people understand what "please" means. Animals don't, and computers aren't sentient. But over-archingly, the value behind treating others with respect and animals with dignity is that life has value . Degrading other living things is ultimately degrading ourselves. If we don't treat them with dignity, what can we expect in return? Now, if you want to argue that Amazon Alexa is a sentient being worthy of polite respect, that would be a different question. But the argument against teaching a child to be respectful to a machine goes beyond just the obvious dystopian implications. The ultimate reason it's a bad idea is that like any form of obedience training that leads to irrational outcomes, it is ultimately rejected and ignored, because the logic and rules behind it were not inculcated, only the actions. To sum up: You don't teach rules by teaching how to follow them. You teach rules by teaching why they exist , and when to apply them . A child who says "please" and "thank you" to a machine has not learned any values or learned the point of why we say those things to each other. In fact, it makes the words meaningless. If all you want is obedience and you think your kid isn't bright enough to learn when and when not to apply certain behaviors, then you can try a shotgun approach, but you won't end up with someone capable of thinking for themselves. To me, raising an autonomous person capable of making judgments about new situations is the goal of child-rearing, but then again, I'm not an authoritarian. [edited for typos] Pleading with a crashed kernel is the closest I've ever gotten to begging mercy from God. (And just about as useless). Names have been driven by cinema for a long time. The 1970 Jennifer boom is a famous example. This eventually led to a superabundance of Jennifers, and finally a crash. https://nationalpost.com/news/the-jennifer-epidemic-how-the-... Political opposition is human. And there again the principle is human-to-human behavior. Do you thank your front door for unlocking? If not, does that mean you're wantonly damaging it? No. It's not sentient. What's even better is to be able to differentiate between people and computers. Politeness is a communications protocol for humans. It's as ridiculous to be polite to a machine as it would be to speak to people in assembly language. More importantly, how long are they on Dogecoin? (Funny post, btw. The whole thing is totally absurd.) These kinds of games, and the all-nighter / weeks long nightmares they cause, make me want to leave this industry. We set up software on a lot of machines and then we answer a million ridiculous user questions until we finally resort to installing remote access so we don't have to stay up all night telling people what to type into a command line. Then the remote access gets hacked en masse. I'm pretty much at the point of thinking people need to learn how to write on paper and whiteboards again. Without a well-trained work force, this shit isn't resilient, and no technical priesthood can keep it running in the face of constant attempts to demolish it. It's too brittle, and the knowledge of the user base is too shallow. Depth can be provided by reverting to older skill sets. Fallbacks. Businesses should not go down because their computers locked up with ransomware. I pitched and wrote some software for a company a few years ago to automate a very rigorous daily process that used to take a lot of man-hours. Occasionally, local networks would go down and people would have to revert to the old way of doing things on paper. But as turnover happened at the company, fewer and fewer people knew the "old way". Now they've reached a point where they're locally paralyzed if there's a network outage. They have to call in senior management on their day off to run the shop. I realized I didn't do them a favor. I solved one problem for them and saved them a lot of labor, but I created a whole new problem of reliance on a system that's more convenient, but much less robust than the paper system they used to have. And this doesn't even take into account the potential for security issues. I think we should try somehow to architect things with offline fallbacks and training for those scenarios. The pace of attack is unsustainable and we're losing the war. If the point is to keep business running, we will lose the war if we lose the skill base and knowledge that we had which was capable of running the economy without a screen in front of them. [edit] Come to think of it, there's a great startup idea in systematically re-paperizing businesses for failover. Take all that business logic that got written into software, and turn it back into a set of worksheets and training manuals. Mostly, they're neglecting training their employees to keep the business running when the software is down. Market capitalism is greedy and brutal, but the discussion here is about ransomware, which is one of the things the market should be well equipped to solve. Rather than throwing broad shade at the system in general, consider the opportunity here. Faced with a threat to the increasing automation they rely on for YoY growth, corporations could react by ensuring better job security and higher pay, better workplace conditions and better training, to create more resilience. The market could support those shifts if they see the danger of relying totally on non-human decision making at the local level. The Russians might even be doing us a favor if we're adaptable enough to take advantage of what we're learning from it. One good query is worth its weight in gold. What's lost here is that Myocarditis is a relatively common inflammatory response to both viruses like covid and vaccines like those for covid, smallpox, measles, and other diseases. It's still extremely rare. And it almost always resolves itself. If it doesn't, there are treatments. We've vaccinated 200 million + people in this country for covid, and thus far no one has died from heart inflammation as a result, as far as we know. It would be hard to cover up if young men were turning up in the hospital with heart symptoms at an alarming rate. What are the chances of thinking you have myocarditis after reading alarming stuff on facebook? I had chest pains a couple weeks after my second shot, had an EKG and asked about this. No myocarditis. I had torn a rib. Can you imagine how many people have phantom pains that don't get an EKG, but post to "confirm" they had symptoms? It's bad enough trying to get all these people to just get a goddamn vaccine without scaring them with shit that has basically no chance of happening, has no major long-term consequences if it does happen, and that practically everyone who eats a subway sandwich will have symptoms of. That's completely false. And don't "rich nations" this, as if your political view makes a point. We know that the asymptomatic rate for covid-19 is about 20% for adults, 40-50% for children, because we actually did massive testing of exposed people. Millions of tests were performed in the US, enough to get the positivity rate in most states down to 3-4%. There were not masses of 5x the positivity rate escaping these tests. And if you think everyone had it before the testing started, you're wrong, because the hospital records would have shown it. Ah! Who but the British Sunday press could write such a romantic love story about yet another foreign power trying to build a road through the mountains of Afghanistan? Same, same here. It's going to take the vax-deniers about a decade to get to where they can shrug it off, though. If ever. This is fucking tragic. I'm sorry man. It reminded me of growing up in Vegas, finding the lost places in the desert or the deserted places behind the casinos. I get that. And losing the person I loved. And seeing her when I was tripping. I get that too. But doing that in the middle of a fucking foreign war at the end of the earth, and trying to feel normal about it, that's ...that just seems like it would take an inhuman level of self control. I've worked for a lot of unsympathetic people who didn't put themselves in my shoes, or who had their own personal issues that caused them to tonelessly say degrading things to me as a young coder. But I was lucky enough - or sympathetic enough - to get through to them as their employee with questions that made them see me as someone they could help and improve. This wasn't even their choice; it was mine, to tease those explanations out of them. I sure wish most employers and corporate structures had this sort of kindness in mind, but on an individual level it really comes down to forming a co-sympathetic relationship (as an employee). Now as a boss, I find myself extremely sympathetic to anyone who asks intelligent questions, but very short on the fuse with people who don't take the time to look things up for themselves. Is that me becoming more of an asshole with age? Or is it that I put myself through the process and I expect others to as well? I quite well comprehend that richer nations have better testing. Those are the test results we have to go on (not Cameroon or North Korea - those would be blank guesses). The numbers are static across all nations that did serious population testing, so we actually do know the asymptomatic rates, and they are not 5x the diagnosed rates. They may well be 5x the positivity rate in poor countries that don't do much testing, but that still doesn't change the asymptomatic rate for people who have the virus . Second point: Hospitals were recording symptoms of covid even prior to widely available testing, and as soon as the virus spiked their ICU beds were full. This has been the case in every country in the world. They didn't need to test patients. Those patients were dying in the hallway, and on ventilators. The spike was clear and obvious in each country when it arrived. And in each country, the percentage of people testing positive who had no symptoms was roughly the same. So the argument that there have been 5x as many people as reported who had covid - and had no symptoms - is totally false. eh, I didn't mention I got nose bleeds from 12-48 hours after the second shot. Never had them before in my life. I did look it up. I didn't like what I saw. But I decided to just ignore that information, take my goddamn vax status and go to a fucking bar. [edit] I'm still here. https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/testing/individual-states I'm not a fan of how the US has chosen to willfully minimize breakthrough cases, by categorizing them in very narrow terms. But the lack of side effects essentially speaks for itself, through the dramatic decrease in hospitalization rates in western europe, the US, and Israel. There is no way that some frequent side-effect would slip through all these countries' monitoring systems, or go unreported by the reputable press in those countries. This is the very reason the J&J vax was temporarily halted, and the AZ vax was stopped in most of Europe. Widespread evidence of deadly side effects could not be suppressed. Well, that's the scariest thing I've read all week. Just reading your level of stress between the lines here gives me the chills. Why is it so hard to convince them to take security seriously? Especially with hospitals, this should be a national security issue. The consequences are right in everyone's face now. In my case, an attack might be expensive, even dire, but no one would die. I know why I have a hard time pushing security reviews, they're costly and intensive and not sexy for management or investors. But things like this need to make it clear to the c-suite how quickly the wheels can come off. In the case I had in mind, the company runs a mix of windows and os x. And some android. Luckily it's mostly mac in the shops now, but personal laptops and tablets that connect to the LANs are also involved, and definitely the most dangerous point of failure. >>It’s your entire life consumed by other people’s rackets I lived overseas for 10 years and can verify that things got a lot shittier around here while I was gone. And the people as a whole got a lot dumber and more gullible. Cell phones. Social media. The 24/7 gossip news cycle. Your experience of a more meaningful, directly engaged, lower-bullshit life is actually the way things are, or were until recently, in a lot of countries. America's a runaway train. So if your toaster started talking you would treat it like a person? It's not about being a baseline dick at all. I could be baseline the nicest guy you ever met. I take the time to make the point because I believe teaching unthinking compliance with senseless rules - in the guise of "respect for everything" no less - is ugly, disrespectful of thought and actually immoral. It's also highly contrary to a coder's ethos. Well... the bureaucratic hassles, taxes, car payments, etc. exist everywhere I've been, since I haven't lived in a sealed work/life environment like you did. I don't think I could personally handle that kind of discipline or regimentation. But I've noticed a pattern in the places where I've found the most happiness. A few things: (1) People value going out and having conversations over other forms of entertainment like games, television, social media, etc. Discussions in these conditions tend to be more honest and more nuanced. Wit is admired. I believe America has a pattern of politely lying and then back-stabbing, rather than openly disagreeing - and the UK does even more so - and this enters a vicious cycle on social media that doesn't exist when everyone's around a table. (2) Tradition is valued over technology. This means more care and quality goes into the real world around you - everything from food preparation to the craftsmanship of an ordinary chair can be treated as a work of art and brings aesthetic beauty and pleasure. Pre-prepared things and plastic crap tend to be shunned. Old things are revered, reused and restored. Wealth is therefore not so much the accumulation of things as it is of the stories that go with them. This creates more depth and gives the world a human scale. America is pretty much the opposite; it worships the new, the fast, the convenient, the disposable, the gigantic. Everywhere looks the same because getting from A to B efficiently on the interstate has hollowed out a local or regional sense of place. (3) Individuality is set within a larger social fabric. It's unacceptable to be alone on a holiday - even if you want to be. Someone will always come find you and bring you into the fold. Family and friends are sacrosanct - nothing you want to do personally comes before them. This can be heavy sometimes, and hard for an American. But if you let yourself be pulled into it, you get a sense of community that doesn't exist in the US. Maybe it used to exist in small-town America, but small-town America is also extremely conservative, judgmental, religious, and whacked out on opioids and meth. So, the places I've lived that best met my qualifications were: Rural France, where you can rent a village house for €500 a month, if you can work remotely, chop your own wood in the winter, get your food from the butcher and baker, and spend every evening with stonemasons and hunters at the village pub, or walk country roads for a few miles to the next village; Buenos Aires, where all of life is a series of coffee dates and dinners with new and old friends that stretch late into the night; and mid-sized towns in Spain, similarly (away from the tourist coasts). I'd also say Prague - outside of the city center; and Vietnam (Saigon). The last one is tricky because of the language and the fact that their government doesn't really want you there, but the people are incredibly open, sincere and welcoming. My ex and I hit the road when we were 24, with a couple remote jobs lined up, and lived well for 10 years, mostly on under $2k/mo, by finding out of the way places. Paid no federal income tax because we stayed out. Saved enough to buy a house in the States, and now I'm sitting on my porch going - what am I doing here worrying about maintenance and bills, hardly seeing friends who are all too busy with kids and work? I should be back out there. Anyway, that's my story. Pure speculation here... the only ground combat scenario Israel really has to worry about is with Hezbollah. So the calculation must be that either Iran doesn't have the materials expertise to manufacture this, or else they can and Israel has either compromised the supply chain, has technology to see through it on some other part of the EM spectrum, or both. For all we know it lights up like a Christmas tree if you hit it with millimeter wave from a drone. Either way, the Iranians probably will assume this and therefore not pursue the technology. Maybe they learned it was already leaked to Iranian intelligence, so by making it public now they raise too many doubts for the enemy to use it. True. But for a variety of political reasons within Israel, a ground invasion of Gaza is unlikely to happen again within the next 5 years, if ever. If it were going to happen, it would have happened in May. Also, Hamas has no ability to bring fighters into Israel proper, whereas Hezbollah poses a real threat of cross-border incursion. That's where the existence of some kind of advanced cloaking technology falling into Iranian hands becomes a concern for Israel. It wouldn't be very useful in street-to-street combat in Gaza, but in hills and fields along the Lebanese border it could cause a lot of problems for them. I'd like to see a real count of: 1. how many people a year poison themselves with fake cures they find on YouTube, 2. how many fail to take prescribed medicine because they read something on Reddit, 3. how many die in the hands of medical professionals who misdiagnose or incorrectly prescribe. "Paternalism" is only an attitude because doctors have to deal with tons of gullible people who are fed small amounts of truth they're not capable of comprehending, and large amounts of misinformation by people interested in selling them bleach, copper bracelets, and other "holistic cures". Put yourself in a doctor's shoes for a second. Paternalism is the only adequate response to a public stuffed to the gills with conspiracy thinking. I started off thinking this writer was being willfully dense and trolling, but now I'm pretty sure they just can't grasp the concept. At the end of the day, it's a bit like arguing with Alexa =D I have a wild theory here. Some Taliban guy recorded an MP3 message tagged with authorship by Audacity, and someone in the State Dept said "what do you mean we can't get his IP address?" TIL that pulse oxymeters can read over 95% in the presence of carbon monoxide poisoning. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8037391/ Upvoted because yes, Occam's Razor suggests that a new owner hunting for a profit model by selling Audacity user data is a more likely explanation than the multi-part conspiracy theory I just pulled completely out of my ass. There are times to blame "government" and other times to blame "capitalism" - we should jettison that dichotomy at this point in America, because they're one and the same. A market-dominated state and a state-dominated market aren't all that different. But if common people knew who to hold accountable for dark patterns, or even knew about the patterns operating on their lives, our civic bodies would be in better shape. [edit] I'm still an entrepreneur. I like making money and hate paying taxes. But plenty of 'capitalist' people recognize that sneaky data theft, corporate/gov't collusion, and unethical EULAs are actually a short- and long-term hindrance to our ability to innovate and earn. I'm not sure I understand. Were these Whatsapp and email accounts compromised because there was just a very high level of customization and tailoring in the phishing emails? Right - I get it. It can read over 95% in the absence of oxygen if carboxyhemoglobin tricks it out. I thought this might explain why during the pandemic, I could get a pulse ox reading of 85%, then smoke a cigarette and make the little bastard stop beeping. This is a pretty awesome use of manual image processing. It's amazing that so much of the exposed surface rock looks like slate. It's strange when you consider there's no continental uplift to expose metamorphic rock. I better quit coding and start ploughing.. get out while the gettin's good. Hell of a comeback after a rejection. That's not why they renounce them. They just want to be applauded for saying the popular thing. Which is a downward spiral, because no one is quicker to cancel the moralizer than their own party of critics. They haven't actually interfaced with the artistic work; the concept of separating the piece of shit artist from the eternal art is way beyond them. Show me one great artist who said anything interesting about the world who wasn't an ever-lovin prick. I'm not saying "strive to be a prick because then you can be a great artist". I'm saying, separate the prick from the art, because if you don't, you have no art and you still have a whole lotta pricks. Wow. This is a fascinating set of models. And they're about why these rocks are on the surface! Impact events make sense, but the atmosphere is so thick, burning up meteors, it seems like the chances of landing right by an exposed set of rock like that from a recent enough impact would be fairly slim. The downwelling/convection model makes a little more sense. That was what I was trying to figure out. Not an astro-geologist here, just a garden variety HN dropout designer/coder. But I always secretly wanted to work for NASA. I appreciate the kind word. This definitely sparked my curiosity ;) Just because it's easier to teach your kids how to conform and behave without thinking doesn't mean it's better for them, or for society, does it? The fact that it's easier probably means it's lazy and wrong. There's no difference between telling children to always be polite to machines and telling children to always beware of foreigners. Both require obedience and shutting off critical insight. You are dehumanizing the world to them. This is why I took the time to write so many responses. Aw man that sounds so great. I'm not on any of those platforms. But I wanted to share this with you. When I was about 7-8 years old, my best friend's dad worked at JPL. He gave me this folder with a thick stack of 8x10 color glossy photos, explanations on the back, from the Voyager missions. I keep it on my bookshelf. I just scanned a few for you. This is the stuff I grew up with. You can contact me @ the owner of said website. [edit] I've been crawled 45 times by Baidu in the last 15 minutes so . uh. I'm taking that link down. I really would love to continue this conversation and just add my brain to the mix if there's some cool way to do that. Yup. Same reason cyanide is deadly. Ain't chemistry grand? Good for a smoker to know since we're carrying quite a bit more than your average jogger... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carboxyhemoglobin#Affinity_of_... Oh give the guy a break, people. It's not like he's wrong here. Detach your emotions from your proof-of-stake for a minute. We're all greedy bastards but please let's be honest about it. I've been through both of those, and they're a pleasure compared to the third way of being stuck. Not knowing who the fuck will ever want to use the product you spent years building every aspect of. I'm waiting for some smart ass writer to do a know-it-all piece about that. also - been thinking about this. The shit you said about this country was so incisive. I would really be happy to hook you up with some good places to go. And people who would have your back there. Ahh. yeah I had to google Petrov, but I've read his story before. And why don't I know his name? Without that guy, none of us would be alive. So what you're saying is that lots of people are underappreciated in their time. That's cool. I just want someone to buy me a beer once in awhile. Were you actually able to diff it down to a single bit flip? That's not what actually happened here (probably), but think of relatively heavy atoms like iron, ejected from a supernova at close to the speed of light. They're not really "rays". They're solid particles that punch holes in everything. The good news is, mostly they're ionized and they get repelled away from hitting the planet's surface by our magnetic field (generated by the big hot iron magnet that's churning under our crust). But in the rest of space where there's no field like that, getting lots of tiny puncture wounds from high-velocity iron particles is pretty normal. It does a lot of damage to cells and DNA in a cumulative way pretty quickly. To answer your question, shielding is possible but it is much harder in space than it is under the magnetosphere. Even so, a stray particle can wreak havoc. Shielding for the purposes of data protection on earth is essentially a risk/reward analysis. Anyone could get hit by a cosmic bullet, but the chances are pretty low. The odds of an SSD flipping bits on its own are significantly higher. "sharting" Polite western society made some agreement when they realized Céline was an incredibly entertaining shitbag. They agreed again with Bukowski, who knows why; they needed a sarcastic troll to counterpoint the really oh-so-sincere trolls. Every moralizing generation like the present Gen Z runs up against the fact that it's more amusing to read some total asshole's view of the world and laugh, than to toe the party line. The more moralizing a generation is, and the more emotionally bound they are to identifying with and reinforcing some prevailing view, the more titillating some drunk psychopath's apologetics will seem to the people who reject their totalitarian ideology. This is the problem for every generation that knows a little, enough to be dangerous, but not a lot, enough to actually control anything. And it's repeated itself in the 1840s, 1890s, the 1920s, 1960s, and again now. All great art was made by assholes. You still have to be an outcast to make great art. But that doesn't mean being a rapist or something. It means rejecting both the dominant culture of making money and the subculture that demands worship of their totems and fealty to their structured speech. We should all judge artists - if they're criminals and molesters. But we are not rightly equipped to judge their art unless we really understand it and can do better ourselves. I'mma get flamed for this. Fools and their money are soon parted. I have no words. Stories like this trigger PTSD for me. I wasn't trying to be flip. That must have been a bitch to figure out. Can we actually go back to talking about why it sucks to spend years making some product awesome, that no one actually wants to use? You learn a great deal about interfaces, UX. A/B. You prepare for massive scalability. Long pause. If it was a decent idea, it's stolen by someone else who has more resources. Otherwise, it dies. Either way, no one even knows you tried. (Yeah yeah, that's back to Mr. Petrov. Maybe I should spend a year making a statue of him). Well done, Watson. This calls for a bit of snuff. Seriously, this is the kind of thing that keeps me up at night, and it's nice to hear a happy ending =D Putting servers in orbit is a really, really bad idea. Firstly, it would be wildly inefficient, just due to the unavoidable delay both ways. You expect delay over a long distance network, but you want the server to be positioned and cabled up to minimize latency. Just locating a satellite requires quite a bit of overhead, so treating them as servers rather than clients would create a huge amount of latency. As a failover for ground-based servers in a nuclear war scenario, it could make sense, but they're also literally flying over the airspace of hostile nations who, in a war, have the capability to take them out. Mixing any kind of civilian control onto a server embedded in a flying artifact over an enemy nation is, obviously, a recipe for disaster in a hot war. Take all of that and the fact that the bandwidth is stone-age and spotty depending on its position, and there's no satellite you'd want to use to set up a website selling alpaca sweaters. (Watch: A few years from now we'll find out that the US Space Command runs some second strike end-of-world command control server off a satellite; that still only proves it's too late to contact the fucker when you need it). You're saying you have to engineer chip components so they're small enough not to be hit as often by cosmic rays, but large enough to avoid quantum fluctuations? Are quantum fluctuations something Intel is dealing with regularly as they get down under 3nm? I had no idea such laws existed. That's pretty crazy. But then, this is a gov't that does not trust its citizens to raise their own children, or even historically to decide how many kids to have. When I was a kid in America, my parents disallowed videogames in the house. No NES or Genesis for us. On the occasions I'd go over to other kids' houses and play, I had no idea what I was doing. On the one hand, this seemed oppressive. But at least it was coming from my parents, not from the gov't. What we did have was a Mac II that I had pretty much free reign on, as long as I wasn't playing games. This is how I learned to code - trying to write my own games. In the long run, it made me a pretty bad gamer; I have the gaming equivalent of an eating disorder (I have serious guilt issues with playing anything for more than a couple hours). But it made me a pretty decent hacker. Obviously, it's disgusting for the gov't to do anything along these lines with facial recognition of minors who should be even more protected from surveillance than the adult public. Extremely Orwellian. But I'm interested what kind of unanticipated side effects it might have as far as kids learning to roll-their-own entertainment. My parents worked. They didn't monitor us 24/7. They just didn't buy us games. They'd check that our homework was done. And they would ground us if we were caught doing something we weren't supposed to (like watching TV on a school night). My dad used to come home and put his hand on the TV to make sure it wasn't hot. Key point: You can teach good behavior without having to monitor 24/7. You can also eat healthy for less than the cost of eating fast food. Wonderful, sparse, essential simulation. The stark choices and the resulting reminders of what really happened (and how the player matches up) is a great eye-opener for the general public. The fact that it forces you to make decisions in realtime and feel the lag behind them is really brilliant as a thing to put in front of decision-makers in parliament. One of the most difficult things with covid was the inability to see a few weeks into the future, because our minds are not equipped to think in terms of exponentially multiplying consequences. This gives a really elegant, intuitive form to a very conceptually difficult set of variables. The beauty of the concept is its simplicity, as well. It's a bit like an IFR training panel, or early text-based video games. You can't see where the plane is or where it's going, you only see the instrument readouts after you adjust something. Since we have all been flying blind, this is a great experience to put in front of people, simply of what it's like to adjust and wait. Five stars, sending it to all the devs I know, also as a way to make a very engaging sim on a complex topic for people with no prior art =D Where I grew up in a liberal big city, the only home-schooled kids I met were super well-educated children of professionals, and were way ahead of both public and private school kids. I was a lot like you - always finished my homework before class was over, read all the materials and was bored in school most of the time. I was jealous of the home-schooled kids. My parents would say, "well but it's good to be around people your own age," but the home-schooled kids had plenty of friends. That gave me the idea that homeschooling was a better way. That was before I met home-schooled kids from the rest of the country, where it had nothing to do with giving them a better education; it had a lot to do with limiting their education, and forcing them into a fundamentalist Christian or Mormon ideology. Those kids really didn't get out to socialize much, and they didn't get a good education, either. I think parents have a right to homeschool their kids, and a government ban on that scares me. But I also think the parents need to meet or exceed the qualifications of the teachers who would otherwise be teaching, and [edit][strikethrough]the government[/strikethrough] *society* has some interest in preventing someone from having 48 children and forming a cult. So like a lot of other stuff extremist wackos do, "this is why we can't have nice things." The goal is to walk a fine line in the center where government can stop crazy people from using freedoms to do crazy things, while still allowing sane people to have the rights and privileges they need as free individuals within the framework of society. Great thing to teach teenagers. Thanks, Teen Vogue. Way to lessen inequality. I was forced to start working at 15. I went through the yellow pages until I found a job for $7/hr making classified ads. Which led to a job building a website. Which led to my career. > "The free market loves competition, right? Then businesses should be able to compete with unemployment benefits from the government." I know this is a willfully twisted, snarky statement (because who do they think pays the government?) But if you apply the same logic, why don't we just let free enterprise replace the government completely? > "We shouldn’t be required to be workers. Working in the labor market should be an option we can choose to opt into — granted if we determine it is worth our time and added income." Hilarious. So much for a socialist workers' movement. I don't know why workers have fought so long to own the means of production when, plainly, no one has to work and things can just be magically produced. Don't you know 19th Century slaver-owners are sitting on a giant stash of Playstations and freezers full of steaks that we can raid forever? I just posted this because it shocked me to see such a volte-face in our national discourse, and to see a magazine dedicated to giving lingerie advice roll out the full frontal assault on meritocracy and capitalism as virtually a list of "what to tell your dad when he tells you to find a job". Voting and drinking ages used to both be 21. Notably, around 1969-1971 during the height of the Vietnam draft, 30 states lowered their drinking and voting ages to 18. Most of these went back to a drinking age of 21 by the early 1980s, but voting remained at 18. It was directly due to pressure from the anti-war movement. Plus they have those ridiculous billboards every 10km that say "are you sleepy yet?" Australia's social nudging really freaks me out. You're allowed have sex. You're allowed to give someone money. But you're not give someone sex for money. What China has done is take an arbitrary, ridiculous rule like that, and make it even more absurd. Imagine if they said that after 30 minutes, a massage is by definition sex. And if you do it more than 90 minutes a week, it's sex addiction. It's just arbitrary ways of controlling the populace. I doubt if they care whether kids play games. It's just a way to start facial recognition for the social credit system early. All of your examples limit or prescribe hours of work. This implies that the remaining time is free. There is a fundamental difference between telling a minor what they have to do some hours of the day - e.g. go to school - and telling them how they must apportion the entire rest of their time when they've finished their work. "Free time" loses meaning if it's all surveilled and controlled. Truckers don't have to be watched when they're not driving. Adults, too, have all their time free when not working, to waste or use productively as they please. To say you're limited to the remaining 19 hours of the day just means you have 19 hours of free time. It's no longer free time if the government begins to restrict it for reasons that are outside its remit. taken together it sounds like a last-ditch effort to up their birth rate! Well, it's a problem of phrasing, but the other issue is the CCP wants any reason to put facial recognition in people's homes. Since taking a sledgehammer to a social issue like children's screen-time will cause no appreciable backlash among anyone who can't be sent to a slave camp, they can kill two birds with one stone by harnessing gaming addiction to a total panopticon. You can already go to prison there for using your phone to access Playboy magazine or the NYT, so, why not. It's their casino, and if you don't like it, see how you like your kneecaps. In all societies, people don't care what you do with your kids if you beat them up. But they care a lot what you do with your kids, if you teach your kids to question authority. When I grew up we were taught that police were basically stupid, pathetic authoritarians with no power, who needed to hold weapons to prove they had little dicks. We were taught that anyone who claimed to know something about "God" was a fraud. And we were taught never to say these things in public , because the government would put us in a foster home and Dad and Mom would get arrested. [edit] We were also taught that marijuana and other drugs help you relax and be creative, that sex within a loving relationship is a good thing, that there's nothing wrong with pornography, that prostitution is an important outlet for sexually repressed men who would otherwise become violent, and that guns are for idiots who can't talk their way out of problems. All of these are still very dangerous views in most of the world. Because people who can't conform are a lot less dangerous than people who won't. I feel like you could expand this into a book translating Buffett into programerese I think the point of the art is to show people how difficult it is to do the best you can with the tools available, and also to instruct them how to over-adjust with those tools and ease off them. To over-steer and then realign the direction of flight. What you're suggesting is: Give everyone an automatic transmission so no one ever shifts gears at the wrong time. What this game shows is: Here is how you shift gears before a curve, and what to expect if you shift too soon or too late. That is a fantastically more complicated and important thing to take away from a simulation than, "if we just turn everything on, problem solved." I agree with your basic view, and if I were a dictator with absolute power, that's exactly what I'd do. NZ and Australia are "the western world", but they happen to be sparsely populated islands. Vietnam and China are totalitarian dictatorships. South Korea, Japan and Taiwan are to their credit more rational and law-abiding, but they've also struggled with surges after they thought they had a handle on it. I was an advocate for full lockdown in the US two weeks before the government even acknowledged the problem. I was already in quarantine a week before they did, and we isolated on a farm for a year until we got both shots. But the reality is we're in a country where we can't even convince people to get the vaccine now, much less skip spring break. I don't think it's sending a message that total lockdown isn't an option. In fact, it's an option in the game. Lockdown in EU countries was much more severe than it was in the US. And Czechia is a landlocked nation at the heart of Europe, so closing borders is a wild and drastic thing in that context... much more so than in NZ, for example, which has rightly been called the "bolt-hole of billionaires" for the apocalypse. I agree that we could have stopped this in its tracks if we had locked down Seattle and New York completely at the end of 2/2020. But I suspect it would have ended up in rural Missouri eventually anyway. And once it's endemic and the only option is to flatten the curve, there's no point in a simulation of a scenario that had no basis in reality, and there's still a lot of value in teaching people what flattening the curve means: preemptively locking down and closing before things get astronomically out of hand. Even in different versions of the same project, the glue may change. E.g. my boilerplate functions for making ajax calls have changed half a dozen times since 2005, been gutted and rewritten to be promosified, upgrade to websockets, and all sorts of other options, but I still have projects deployed that use several previous versions. And my typical PHP or Node executor has evolved, too. I myself find it confusing when working new bits into older projects where I'll occasionally match the wrong gateway code with the wrong frontend. In other words, a machine looking at only my own glue would be more likely to mismatch or use the wrong version in any given situation. Just to add to the other comments here, from a more freelance perspective: Most work for large corporations is done under a "work for hire" agreement which means the company owns the copyright to the source you write. Additionally , many big companies will pressure you to accept employment clauses that claim ownership of anything you create in your free time, 24/7. This is not just for code, it's also standard for contract employees in the TV and film industry. Note I'm distinguishing here between "employee" and "freelancer". I refuse to sign work-for-hire agreements, which means when hired, I still own the copyright to the source. I grant the company hiring me free use and modification and in some cases, right to resell. I had a case of a startup where I was the sole coder, who turned around and sold their app to [Fortune 100 company] who didn't realize that I still owned this source. This company then asked me to consult - offering half what I'd been paid to write it - and further, asked me to sign a contract stating that they owned the code and everything else I made while I was consulting with them . Oh and also, without my help, they were missing some major assets they needed to recompile it. I told them where to stick it, so they hired a bunch of people to try to reverse engineer it rather than agreeing to my terms. That didn't work (not least because I had trapped the fuck out of the code they did have, in ways that made it crash the compiler) so they ended up down a couple million bucks and shuttering the site. If they had only been nice, and hadn't come at me with the aggressive attitude, it could've been a nice little asset. If you do not sign a work-for-hire agreement, and you're an independent contractor - not an employee - you own the source code unless otherwise stated in a contract. Beware that some jurisdictions will view you as a de facto employee in some cases (for better or worse). And my advice to anyone listening is, never, ever sign a contract with one of these companies that stipulates that they own your off-time work product. It's completely abusive and unnecessary. It's not worth taking a job with such a company. To be fair, the kill switches were mostly to prevent decompilation and reverse engineering. And I added them on my own time after I learned of the pending sale, which no one had consulted me about, and before the company took control of the servers, which I was administering. Was it worth my time? Absolutely. The people who sold the company intentionally misrepresented what they actually owned. They only owned the final compiled software they had purchased, and the right to use and repair or modify it. They didn't have a right to sell the source code, and I had no obligation to make it easy for the buyer to reverse engineer it. I think you may be misunderstanding my position. To be clear, the original company owned the functionality they were purchasing. They needed software that did X, Y and Z. A lot of the code that went into it was code that I had already written for other purposes, including my own projects. They never owned that. They then sold the company as if they owned it - i.e. as if the purchaser would have free access to the source to repackage as they liked. I had no such contract with the original company, much less the buyer. I should also clarify that this was a PHP backend that was handed over freely, and a public-facing Flash app that was handed over as an SWF. At heart it was a highly specialized video / social platform. Graphics assets were handed over. What was not handed over were the front-end AS3 scripts; and I used a few hex editing methods and other ways to trap the compiled bytecode that would crash all known SWF decompilers. I also had it phone home if someone tried to decompile it. (All those decompilers would start by importing the SWF onto the root object of another SWF; root detects a higher parent; kaboom). What those guys did, and what the other company tried to do to me, was unethical. I didn't even have the right to sell them exclusive use of some of that source, because it was already deployed in other commercial projects. I didn't have the right to sell it out from under the other companies who already had paid for use of it. My refusal to sign [Fortune 500 company's] contract was on their behalf as well as my own. That company wouldn't listen to reason, so I left them a working binary and said "good luck", and then watched it keep phoning home until they gave up trying to decompile it. Also, I've never prevented an honest customer from accessing source code they needed, and in this case I was willing to negotiate a non-exclusive use of the source code with the new company, for a fair price. But they refused that. They demanded sole ownership for $0, and they wanted to pay me half my rate for consulting. Not to mention they themselves are one of the most blatantly unethical companies in the world. I didn't feel like I owed them anything. Okay, this is just straight up awesome. I've played piano for 37 years. I've built things all my life. But I never even considered the possibility of building a piano from the ground up. Let alone the difficulty of engineering an instrument that defied all the normal parameters. This is real world hacking at its finest. Not to mention it sounds great . Imagine you're a company looking for software as a cloud service. Suppose the best software for the purpose only does 70% of what you want. So you contact the company who runs that cloud service and pay them to develop the additional features and specific business logic you need. Then you contract with them to manage private servers with your build on them. At no point have you seen or purchased source code - not even for the 30% new features that were written on your behalf. Those are entwined with, and only work as a result of, the other 70%. You're basically using a black box that's maintained by another company, and trusting in that company's competence and goodwill. That's essentially what the situation was here. If you sold your company and touted your special build of the software as a feature, and passed the contract along to the buyer, that would be fine. But if you misrepresented the situation and said you owned 100% of the code and were selling that along with the right to distribute it, that would be fraud. Of course, you could have gone the more expensive route and hired your own team of coders to write the whole thing from scratch, under whatever license you wanted, and then you would own the source. But if a company needs document software or meeting software in the cloud, how many pay to reinvent the wheel and roll their own? I don't think democracy can survive if people in a nation can't form a consensus on basic features of shared, objective reality. This type of consensus did exist, and could be reached, in the 1770s, long before centralized mass media. The creation of competing "chains of trust", which see an election as legitimate or illegitimate, a virus as dangerous or fabricated, is actually only possible by the manipulation of mass media. And social media very much is mass media. It's just a version in which propaganda is funneled through the mouths of its target audience. I just had lunch today with a guy who spent 20+ years as a project manager for a major desktop software firm, starting in the early 90s. He was adamant that IT and project management are on a downward pay spiral and are overstaffed. He transitioned into doing cybersecurity reviews for military contractors/vendors to help them meet US govt security requirements. (Open question what those might be, but he said the pipeline hack wouldn't have happened if they had been through this review process). Given your friend's security clearances, this might be a more interesting and profitable niche. This is a funny comment. I have family in Israel who say similar things (recently: "Why are you still wearing a mask? In Israel we just vaccinated everyone.") Connections work that way in Israel because everybody was in the military. The crossover between tech founders and IDF is therefore by definition close to 100%. In America there is far less crossover. The last time military service was a widespread shared experience in America was the end of WW2. Seriously. Why have a car when you can take a bus? Why have a house when you can live in an apartment? Or a small pod? For activists, it's not about fixing the planet's problems. It's about making sure everyone displays endless contrition for anything pleasurable. There's no reason to feel guilty about eating a substitute meat product - and that's a problem when your brand rests on making people feel guilty. Funny. I spent a summer in 2009 in Vietnam, working on one of those old unbeatable Powerbook silver models, in an apartment without air conditioning. The fan would run at full power constantly, and finally gave up the ghost. There was no way to repair it where I was. So what I used to do was keep a bunch of Wired Magazines in the freezer, and put them under the laptop, changing them out every 20 minutes or so. The machine still works... but yeah, that fan noise is really a great subconscious reminder that you're using it too hard. Also a good way to know if your code just entered an infinite loop, long before any other warning comes up... and occasionally that clue gives you enough time to cancel a process before the input freezes. [edit] Just had a cool idea, since this discussion is heading towards how subtly useful auditory cues have been in our workflow. What if different processes played fans at different pitches, so the total volume still added up? That could actually be really useful out-of-band state information. Wow. That would literally send my OCD over the edge. I have a thing about closing all my tabs, reading all my mail, and having nothing on my desktop at the end of the day. If I wait long enough, maybe I can sell my collection of 90s Wired for more than that stupid Mario 64 cart ;D I'm sort of stuck on / amazed at the idea that YC is turning out 700 startups a year that don't have a clue how to write a prospectus that HN is interested in - without forcefully rewriting and bumping it. Not that this is the right place to ask about commercial viability. But the only conclusion I can draw is that these are bad ideas, or at least shot through with holes. If that's the case then the fair thing to do would be to let them surface and be subject to the same criticism as everyone else's semi-decent ideas. That's the service HN provides. If the idea is that by giving them special treatment or keeping them on the front page artificially, there's some other more private service being provided, then that's at real friction with the core values of HN and the (stated) values of YC. My view would be you should probably treat them all equally, though. To the extent they get more lingering time on the front page than a "Show HN" they shouldn't be prioritized based on your (dang's) theories. Not that I think you'd be wrong to weigh them on the hoof, but you're setting yourself up for disaster with that. My suggestion would be: Whatever the algo is for keeping them on the front page for a day, cap it at 1/day and shorten the time for each exceeding it. If they have 365*2/year, then it's l/2 day each. That gives every one equal time, without bias, and puts the onus on the generators to create good enough content. Just my 2¢. Godspeed you. [edit] Just to clarify, what I mean is that personally getting involved in judgment calls about time on the front page - even though or especially because you may already be trying to help them shape their pitch - exposes you to a whole ton of negativity and blame, with basically no upside at all. And I realize you're doing this out of goodwill. I think there's a basic truth and honesty in the upvoting on this site, and so did the founder. To the extent you're bending rules for the golden startups, the only sensible thing to do is bend them evenly. Herding them into a ghetto (subreddit) won't be acceptable, probably. It's always been sink or swim, and I think PG said that pretty early on. If there are more fish in the pond, that's their choice; it just changes the buoyancy. Ah yeah dude. I'm having a midlife crisis too. But the dot-com era was only about 97-99. I miss the bitcoin casino era, when anyone who could write a poker parser could make real money. Wait. I miss the time when we got our news from 60 Minutes and Peter Jennings. Here's another thought: We've never had it so good. We can write anything we can dream of, on any device, and deploy it anywhere, without corralling physical servers or prepaying for bandwidth. If you dream of it, you can make it. There are literally children playing with neural network APIs in ways that would have been inconceivable a decade ago. They're going to produce some amazing software. Me - I'm a bit of a 90s dot-com casualty, secure in a career but lost the move fast and break things mentality awhile ago. I make sure to keep myself up to date. Part of it's just keeping your mind alive to new ideas. There is no - I repeat no wonderful fairy tale to tell about the years from 97-99. People were just as rapacious and greedy as they are now; they were using cruder tools but it was the same thing. The open web existed, still exists, and will always be buried under a mountain of corporate shit; that doesn't mean it isn't the font of creativity. We get old but the things we build survive in new forms. I actually said that because last night I had a revelation. In my software now I want to move slow and don't break anything . That's a more healthy philosophy, I think. It doesn't mean the software is fat or slow -- quite the opposite. The code is better and cleaner because I'm not in a race to make a big tall tower, I'm perfecting a craft to build a perfect cabinet. I mean... I think I know. There's a reason I never submitted any of my apps to HN. Submitting work here is basically requesting the harshest possible criticism from the smartest of your peers. That's what makes it so valuable. Arguably, anything that tinkers with that is diluting the site's value. You can count on it being intelligent / productive criticism, but nothing more. Maybe if people love it, HN could be a good pool for finding coders to help with a project. Investment? Users or googlers to tip a big corporation toward your service?? No way. This is a place to get your bubble burst and be ripped apart; that's what makes it great, it's how people grow. It's art school for grownups. I like to know I have the chance to speak with people smarter than me, and I'm a fan of hearing a harsh critique with lots of insight. That should really be the only thing people expect, if they're approaching this site for a review of their work. [edit] which is to say, HN users aren't and will never be customers. No one should launch a startup thinking that. HN users are good for only one thing: Telling you how your work could be better. I don't know whether to laugh or cry for you. Being part of it was something. I took a greyhound to San Francisco in 97 and went through the yellowpages trying to find jobs. Lived in a scary as hell weekly bum hotel in the tenderloin and walked, in a suit, to the Hilton every day to make phone calls for interviews. I was 17. Called one company called "Sunset" or "Sunrise" productions, who needed a designer. Interviewed with them in SOMA; it was Bear Magazine/GBM and man, I walked out of there feeling like fresh meat. But it was almost $30k/year. Got hired for $28k/yr [at a "web startup"] as a junior designer instead - I didn't need that kind of therapy bill. Was treated like complete shit, made to work 12 hour days in competition with senior designers and the AD, while they complained about the webmonkey grunts next to me who I was trying to learn HTML from. In an office of "producers" and salespeople who were all getting ridiculous paychecks and buying late-model jeeps, the only smart ones were the ones who were brewing their own code and staying up late working on their own projects. The producers stayed up late playing WoW and avoiding their wives and babies. Hitting on the one female designer who loathed the place. It taught me never to work in an office again as long as I live. Can't believe I didn't read either of those Douglas Coupland novels. "Generation X" was pretty seminal, though.