That's simple. If you want to hire a $150k developer, you offer $150k. If you want to hire a $60k developer, you offer $60k. You then interview people untill you find somebody with the potential that you are looking for. For the employer, it doesn't change much. They just lose some negotiating power. Now, from the employee point of view, all the trashy jobs are correctly marked, what will save a lot of his time. Also, he gets a small bonus in negotiation power. If you are a great developer (say, you are better than 99% of them), just marking what jobs are not fit for you will reduce the time spent on getting a job by orders of magnitude. That's the difference between the job board being useless to being usefull. As a consequence, one can hope (not a certain thing) that great developers will flock into a system like this, so that would become the place to go to get great developers, and as a consequence all the great jobs go there. Launching and quitting your job don't have to happen at the same time. Most companies choose a stack and keep it. Developers don't even get a say. Everything is huge in China. That doesn't mean that most chineese can order something online and receive it at their door. (I don't know if they can. But your comment is a non-sequitour.) What? Do B&N tel you that you can't backup their ebooks on their marketing material? I dunno. Testing their ideas by the cheapest possible procedure seems like something that every startup should. Maybe there are exceptions, but that's not obvious at all. It's ok that sometimes the cheapest possible option is still quite expensive. That isn't reason to use anything more expensive. It is also true that not all startups that do it will succeed, and that not all startups that don't do it will fail. But it looks like the kind of thing that will increase the chances of any startup, not just a subset of them. Makes one wonder how the entire Lean Movement first appeared at manufacturing... Yep, the advices on the Lean Startup gides is quite directed at software, but it is an specialization of a more general idea. You teach lean thinking to his boss. (And make no complains, just teach it.) Infix notation is compact. That makes it better for parsing by humans with limited short term memory. If you put it inside your brain, and it assumes the tasks of each neuron when it dies, what's the difference? Also, can you cross the same river twice? I still disagree. Since inception patent law is heavily lobbied (except that in some cases lobby didn't have a name yet), and legislators refuse to fix its very visible flaws. About the same patter repeated on every country. The entire buleting stands for: "We take these risks very seriously. We analised it, and concluded that we shouldn't take this risk seriously." It's crowdsourced, so you shouldn't comply about the site, but its audience. Anyway, I agree that if my C# code compiles, it does probably work. Just like Java, C# makes it hard to shoot yourself on the foot (and also to shoot at all, like somebody already said here). On RSA, knowing ay of the factors used is enough to break the key. Thus, you brute force 256 bits RSA with the same number of tries that you brute force 128 bits AES. Or, in other words, when you create a 256 bits RSA key, it's guaranteed that one of the factors will have at most 128 bits. Thus, it's only as strong as a 128 bits AES against brute force. But anyway, that's a moot point, because criptoanalysis exists, and there are better than brute force attacks against both algorithms. Probably the enitire community of security researchers did review OpenSSL, gnutls or GPG, maybe only once, but they did. (Didn't you?) Anyway, pulic development was the anwer that I'd give here. Keep in mind that even the researchers often make mistakes when they implement the algorithms, and the main reason that their implementation is better than the GP's or mine is not because they know more (altough they do know more), but because there are knowledgeable people doing QA on it. Anyway, you are idiot only if you use your own imlementation for anything serious. There is no problem in rolling your own crypto if you only do it for fun. I don't realy like rocking a boat... but quantum cryptography can't realy be used in practice. Or, better, any practical implementation of quantum cryptography is succeptible to attacks. And the entire thing still needs an authentication method, guess what we use for authentication nowadays. That comes from the second law of thermodynamics. Setting a bit on the computer reduces its entropy, so it must dissipate enough heat to increase the entropy of the Universe by at least the same amount. Notice that this only applies to setting it into a known value. In theory there are some operations that we can do without dissipating any heat. As I said, that's by the second law of thermodynamics... There is a nice tought" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell%27s_demon>tought experiment linking thermodynamics to information theory. And guess what, experiments agree with the theory. After you have the theoretical framewok done, it is just a matter of applying the Boltzmans" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boltzmann%27s_entropy_formula&#... entropy formula , and you are done. As much as I hate the current US patents situation, the USPTO can't do much about it. Bad patents can get submited as many times as the holder wants, but the USPTO can only mistake a bad patent for a good one once, and it's granted. I've just tried it. That code compiles without warnings by the default configuration of gcc version 4.4.5 (Debian 4.4.5-8) in my desktop (it's an up-to-date Debian Stable install). If the default settings of gcc included throuwing out warnings for every time a function is declared without parameters and missing the void, lots of people would complain, and loud. It's a very common construct. 26,000mAh Please, those letters have meaning. You can't just replace them at will. Yes, and the most common way of achieving that is by showing me ads, not by selling my photos. Now, why should I have assumed the latter, and not the former? Hell, I don't have an Instagram acount anyway... They are equivalent. None of them is weaker. And, by the way, your PC (Von Neuman architecture) is an example of finite automatum. I've seen the FA formalism used in computing theory a few times. Yet, I'm also missing whatever enlightment the author is looking for. But, if for no other reason, it's worth learning just because it's a very nice tool. Microkernels could use some hardware optimizations... And most of those optimizations are good for virtual machines too, so they'll get done. In due time, message passing kernels will get so much faster than interruption based ones that we'll ask ourselves why we used monolitical kernels all this time. (And somebody will have to explain that microkernels used to be slow, and this person will be met with skepticism.) That said, the computers we had at the 80's and 90's were completely unfit for microkernels. Mach was about the best you could have by then. (But all that discussion about microkernels is an irrelevant sideline. Linux got adopted because it was there, if it weren't we'd probably use some version of BSD instead.) But those are worse than UNIX, not better. "By the time employees think about taking a job elsewhere, it's often already too late." Is that really true? Well, not for me. Every time I changed jobs, it was because of the money. The only time I worked in a bad environment, my boss was let go before I quit. All those times, if I could receive a bigger salary without changing jobs, I'd probably stay there. The elephant in the room is always how well the Linux driver for the GPU works (if it exists). Or, to put it in another light. As a non-victim, it's easy to conclude that just about 1% of the people have some random bad behaviour. As one of the 0,5% that are victims, it's quite obvious that there are 2 jerks for each one of your kind, and they have nothing better to do. > Why do we always want to declare a winner? You are right. But I came to that page after reading about a faster and smaller JSON at HN, thus I was expecting to find a faster and smaller JSON. It's just another case of bad marketing hurting a brand. > The thing I noticed about NoSQL is that, at least with Mongo, you just end up putting your schema in your app. And, in my point of view, that is the main advange of NoSQL. You can distribute all the schema related functionality while keeping the data centralized in a server. Of course, you'll only want to do that when the performance requirements are hight enough that the centralized schema becomes a botleneck... What of course isn't a problem when you are prototyping and have no user yet. Or, in other words, the article is right on the mark. There aren't enough competent programers to automatize the entire world. Of course, if I was hiring for an IT company, I'd look for the best... But most of the world will have to content themselves with poor programers. Anyway, poor programers work their best (less worst) in strong typed environments. That includes a very restricted schema on the database. It's much better having them write queries that nobody could read than having them insert data that nobody could read. Typed languages add a ton of boiterplate to what would be simple operations. That slows you down, more than most people notice. Now, that said, explicity typing makes it easier to catch a lot of mistakes, and helps you keeping you data consistent. It's very usefull... But slows you down. As a conclusion, you want to explicitly type anything that is important, but also wants to keep the explictly typed data to a minimum. (What makes optional typing, like in Haskel very interesting.) And, in nearly all the applications all the important data (and very little unimportant data) goes to the DB. > But I'm not convinced that it's easier to use a stylus than a finger to tap buttons. I have an stylus based ereader. It is great to get some document and make notes all over it. For example, it is great to put a circuit diagram in it, and then redraw lines, add parts, draw arrows, etc. It feels like paper, except that it's slower and easier to erase. You don't get that with a keyboard. Seems that Brazil was not shaped by "war", but by "military". I'd say it's right on the mark. What, I just created an account in Ad-Sense, and got a thread of emails explaining to me how can I use it, with a dicount coupon. After I failed to use it, I got another thread of emails, each time more personal, with hints and phone numbers I could call to get a personalized campaign, and an increase in the coupons discount. Now, about each 6 monts I get physical mail from Google with phones and coupons, each time with a more elaborated impression (they tought about nice paper, credit-like cards, nice envelopes). All this time I've given Google no money at all. > shouldn't be very hard Somebody already published one in SourceForge. I realy doubt MS can't do that. But then, MS's strategy is to risk their PC dominance to make inroads at portables. Such a patch would antagonize their (failing) marketing efforts. My parents could use their new Win8 computer quite well. But then, after seeing lots of tutorials, trying things for a long time and exploring all the new interface, they asked "Can't you really put a start menu on that thing?" It's not the end of the world. But it's not a good interface either. Thanks a lot. I've just got one Arduino, and was wondering where to start :) Well, unless the project manager is a "professional" as in the article, yes, it would solve the problem. Congratulations, if you have statistical relevance on those numbers, you've just clustered your clients into too different populations. Now, you just need to discover why one of the populations had better results than the other, and act acordingly. Don't forget to do actual A/B tests to verify your hypotesis. Not dangerous, but completely useless. Self signed certificates are only usefull if you communicate them by another medium. And even then, browsers make it quite hard to manually add certificates. That may be because they are big. (YC may not be big in terms of money invested, but they are in terms of number of startups.) It may also be because they somehow help those startups succeed. Thus, they don't pick winners, they make winners. Another possibility is that successful startup founders self select themselver into those founds. Django was recently ported, but South wasn't, and then there are the CMS packages - Mezzanine didn't even start, and I don't see how one can even discover the Django-CMS status. When you get to the top, every way is down. Currently (well, before the portables took over) everybody has a Windows machine, and buys Ofice for it. Once people change to non-Windows machines, they don't get more numerous , thus, if MS drops the price to stay competitive, revenue will go down. Yes, they do, they also get richer. But changes in population and economy aren't quick enough to compensate for an order of magnitude drop in price. At least not at the short term. > How do you show that something is not caused by a hidden Z? By doing a controled study. Of course, in this case, we're better not knowing than paying that kind of cost. > If we go on that, then you'd have to find another event that occurred at similar rates in similar geographic areas. There are lots of events that correlate with income (thus, with the geographical distribution). And lots of them correlate with the fall or raise of crime in the article. Getting an event that correlate with both raise and fall of crime, like lead intoxication does, will be harder. But I doubt it's impossible. The thing is, we have a causal nexus, we have the correlation, but we have no idea how strong the nexus actualy is, so we can't conclude the correlation is caused by the nexus. And we won't discover, because we won't conduct the kind of experiments needed for it. Depends on how good that other person is, doesn't it? Is that required by some local law? Or was that insurance needed for your clients to trust your product? > Humans do not get offended when their car doesn't start because it's out of gas and doesn't offer an apology. > Humans do not get offended when they click to a cable channel that they aren't subscribed for and an expression of sympathy isn't displayed. > Humans do not get offended when the hold a hammer by the "business end" and try to drive a nail in with the handle, and an "I'm sowwy!" flag doesn't pop out of it. Well, I think you should reevalutate that info. Except for the second case, if people know they shouldn't get the show, people do in fact get offended by those innanimate objects. To the point of yelling to them. Sounding like a human will add more value than removing every word you can. Unless, of course your target audience isn't human or doesn't like to read human generated text (a trait that everyone seems to aquire while in front of a UNIX system). Sounding like a human will make people read more of your message than simply making it brief, and understand it better. Also, it will make people like it more. But that doesn't means that you should apologize. You must give all your messages the same personality, and some kinds of personality just don't apologize... Before I proclaim that I'd love this I only have one question. How much will it cost? Not a very good tought when you can only fail once. For some reason, I never could do the exercises of programming books. When I started them, in the end I had a completely different program that solved something that affects me. I also could never read a programming book from the start to the end. When I used the language a lot and used the book as reference, I read all the pages somewhen in a several months interval, and in some random order. When I didn't use the language a lot, I just didn't finish the book. Nowadays the best reference is online, so while books are still good for giving me a start, there is a long time that I don't finish one. If you never learned it, how do you know if a language is good for solving a problem? I often choose a random language for solving a small problem, so that I can learn it. It's often not the best language for the problem, but it shows what the language is good for. For me a monolithic resource is great for getting started in a language, but most books are too deep, so I normaly don't finish them. It changes the aerodynamics properties, that are what protect us from most impacts. Sounds like a very common issue with human learning too. My bank requires Java. For safety. > Is there a built-in certificate on Nokia phones that accept the proxy server certificate (which must be a wildcard for everything)? Excatly. Many DBMS have a SELECT FOR UPDATE statement just for those cases you want to lock everybody out while just reading. The main repository is for free software, the non-free repository is for non free software, and the contrib repository is for free softwre that you must agree to some non-free license to actualy use (because they depend on non-free software, they are just installers, or for any other reason). Those are not different tiers of software stability. Debian has the unstable, testing and stable distros, that move on different speeds and are subject to different amounts of testing. You'll need more than pretty graphics to convince people to try yet another sodoku app. Yes, those pretty graphics are important, and people getting their first sodoku game on the phone may switch to your game because of them. But almost everybody that likes sodoku already has one installed, and they still have to find you at their search results. I know some three of four people like that. It's ok to just use transactions all the time when you don't need performance, but those transactions come with a cost, and normaly most queries of a system won't need them. Check out Python. You'll regret spending time with C#. "serious games" I get a smile in my face every time I see those two words toghether. Funny thing that the author gets a Transformer, and then claims that tablets may have a chance now that MS "invented" the hybrid PC. I've recently brought a Transformer for upgrading my 2008 laptop. The main differences are: - The tablet needs rooting, I could find no good development enviroment for Andoid, but Debian runs well as a userspace system. (Asus distributes the rooting software, I wouldn't even buy it otherwise.) - The tablet has less USB ports (but has more I/O options). It still wasn't a problem, but I've already needed more than the laptop had. - The tablet's keyboard is smaller, but better designed. Up to now, I'd say they are equivalently hard to use. - The tablet has a slightly slower processor, but enough battery for an entire day with keyboard, or an entire working day without keyboard (the laptop lasted for 3 hours), and weights about 10% of the laptop's weight. Also, it's smaller (10" vs. 14") what is both good and bad. - Touchscreens are simply great. It's still worse than a proper desktop, but it is much more convenient than plugging a mouse at a laptop. - Also, you can unplug the keyboard when you just want to browse the web or read something, getting a much more convenient format and just half the weight. A (clueless about he web) designer creates a bealtiful page design with gorgeous picture and plenty of different fonts. Then, a manager (clueless about the web) likes it and aproves the site, and it falls on a developer's desk to actualy create such a site. Take a second look at the Forbes site, and think about how you would create that design. I can think of two ways, one of them requires some insight, and the other one requires reimplementing every functionality of the browser (or living them out). That's because kernels perform differently from user software (they have more optimizations available), and a lot of big code needs that extra performance. That's a fact that still didn't change, but user level code is getting more powerful (mainly for virtual machines), and computers are still getting faster. So, it's still too early to declare the race finished. Anyway, none of that has any relevance to how one should organize user level code. It controls for etnic variables, by using trends instead of comparing raw numbers and some more advanced techniques. It can not control for family because it was population-wide, not person-wide (and yes, that is a flaw that the authors acknoledge). > What is that supposed to mean? It means that, when you read a study, also read the name of the entity financing it. > Is there not an analogous C++ library to take care of ugly details? No. In general, there isn't an analogous library at the more static-explicit languages (it doesn't matter much what library you choose). There are libs that people use when they have similar requisites, but they rarely are analogous. There is just one action on the post that will have dire consequences if ignored: disabling the ssh password authentication. The rest are decisions that you don't need to rush into, and things you should learn when they make sense. Be advised that "the proper way to configure a server" is an elusive beast, you'll be always improving it, it's never done. > root login should be disabled completely Would you care to explain why? And, yet, the best practice seems to require an user account with full sudo priviledges. If you know the difference between that and root, please explain it, because I can't see any. If you don't have time to test, you have yet another reason to not automate updates. It's better to run them only when you are around and have some time to fix whatever goes wrong. > It is almost certainly being used for phishing attacks now. And the solution is to teach users about phishing. That's the only sane route, it's what everybody is doing and, by the way, and it mostly works (despite some ISPs, governments and banks trying hard to teach people that they must click on every unreliable warning). > An attacker might give the user the idea that a message was digitally signed by using HTML mail. That's a bug in your reader. Funny thing is that Debian is already at Google Play. The problem of sudo is that it's so easy to make a mistake in your command (and in sudoers). That's a security flaw in itself. Also, you can always sudo bash, or sudo su. You have a point about that extra password. But not about SELinux and RBAC being created because of that, nor in comparing the security of a system with root to one where eveybody is root. All said, I'm still unconvinced. The logging isn't that usefull (I've tried it), and the extra password isn't relevant enough. Also, none of them will detain a malicious user (Linux has very week defenses against you grabing your own password). No. We should either get our heads down and code or get our feet dirty and go find some customers. As a side note, we shouldn't be reading Hacker News either. Much less commenting. Well, you'll hate it, but even after you discover what is the class of your object, you'll still have no idea what methods it implements, and what attributes it has. In Python any of that can (and do) change. Sometimes that is frustating. I suffered a lot until I understood the Django's forms API. But this feature is worth the cost. He wants to test text editors, not programming environments or IDEs. He makes that quite explicit. By the way, I'm an emacs fan. You need a certain mindset to start using a newer technology, and that mindset won't make you prone to write enterprizy code. Or, in other words, the place that makes that kind of architecture won't allow the developers to touch anything that's not Java or .Net. I'd say that if nobody thinks that the idea will fail, it probably will. If it's so obviously good, why didn't anybody succeed with it yet? That said, you should tell them. You should also tell them that they can change their idea any time they want, and that they don't need a great idea, a good one with great implementation is enough. Let me see... Ca-ching sound vs. boring rationality... How can rationality work if nobody can know how those weard hackers think? Ca-ching for the world! (Yeah, in case you are wondering, I know what is wrong with that, you don't need to point out.) Anyway, the most likely explanation is that Legal is following their procedures, and as usual for procedures, there can be no exception (or rationality). Count me as another vote for exporting the data. I wouldn't hire your hosting, but I'd take a look at it if it was an independent tool. Anyway, I'm signing for updates because I know people that would be interested on your current offering. > Snapshots are stupid in the case of a content addressable, immutable data store. Well, the KDE incident proves otherwise. Other benefits are that it will get confused with the usual radius symbol (because it's exactly the same), and may be used to name an angle. For replacing ssh they need a priviledge escalation anyway, and after such escalation SELinux makes no difference. Unless, of course, you run apache as root. Bu then, SELinux won't protect you either. > (ie: if I borrow 100 BTC from you today, I only will have to repay you 75 BTC two months from now Interest is almost* always non-negative. I'll only lend you those 100 BTC if you pay me something more than I'll have if I didn't lend them. That makes a BTC based economy more prone to hoarding, and less prone to investing (what is clearly a bad thing), and also more prone to hoarding and less prone to spending (what economists think is a bad thing - I have no idea why). * The exceptions to this rule are not systemic, normaly appearing in times of disruption. You can't base an economy on them. You can easily build an in 1:2e9 scale replica of the Solar System. You'll just need a 90cm sphere to use as the Sun, some 4-5 km of area do arrange things and a paquimeter for measuring the planets. At this scale, everything is just about as big/small as one can manipulate. Bu you won't be able to place the Voyager in there. For that you'll need a car and a road trip. I just can't use them. I activate the number-pad every time I play. That said, I'm more of an emacs guy. The message is exaclty that. If they actualy can or can not read the messages is left as an excercize to the reader. What I can say with certainty is that the communications are not as secure as the article make them look like. Apple can still get you, and they can still get Apple... You did lose the point here: > 6. CLR Integration allows you to write a lot of things in C# (or VB.NET) [2] You can also use a Mono plugin at Postgres, just like Perl, Python, C, C++, Lisp, Haskel, R-Cran... But it's not that, #6 was about the core functionality of the DBMS changing. For example, you can add new index types at Postgres with plugins, and people do add them. Once somebody wrote a plugin for manipulating SQL queries at what was at the time an object oritented database called Postgres. That's how deep you can go. > 10. Unicode is there by default if you use nchar/nvarchar/ntext columns, there's no problems unless you choose to use char/varchar/text instead Yeah, Unicode is used by default if you tell the DBMS to use Unicode... Thus, it's not the default. I'd agree that this is not a big problem. That's my main argument for using Postgres: 1 - At the start of your project's life, you'll want it because it's free as in beer. Except for ease of developping (where Postgres is also great), nothing else matter. 2 - Later, when you need some performance, even if you have a usage patter where Postgres is slower, you'll discover that the price of any of the other DBMS is highter than just adding hardware. Thus, free as in beer wins again. 3 - If you get huge, you'll discover that free software is a big deal, and the limitations of the proprietary DBMS add a huge amount of drag. Free as in speech wins now. That still depends. It'll depend on the size of query X number of queries, type of data, coverage of your indexes (what depend on your actual data), and a ton of other factors. I'm not even sure there is somebody out there capable of correctly measuring this. You may need to go with a fast biased study anyway. Also, why are you assuming Postgres is slower? Economies get in a liquidity trap must faster than division becomes a problem. The difference is so marcant that almost nobody even talked about divisibility before the bit coin people. Anyway, I'm not sure the expression "liquidity trap" means anything when talking about bitcoins. Well, the phones and tablets get less underpowered and restrictive each day. Current phones are way more powerfull than PCs were when Napster was launched. They could easily run something like it today. As they are also powerfull enough to decide what to do with meta tags (or the more modern semantic ones) and to keep several dictionaries of data in place. They just don't do that for marketing reasons. I also think that things CAN change, but I doubt that change is that inevitable as you say. If you think Randal calculated the entropy wrong, state so, and show the error. Your argument from incredulity won't add anything to the discussion. Yes, he could. But he didn't. If he did that, the page would tell you that your password is wrong, and you'd contact support. The attacker probably didn't change any password, because it would be futile. Also, the attaker could also change the account email. Neither tokens nor email confirmation would help. The biggest problem is for people that used the same password on Linode and any other important service. (And, of course, all the CC stuff...) Quantum mechanics certaninly leads to a very informatic view of the Universe... The problem is that this is human bias. You can describe any theory by information manipulation, and it is as good a description as any other. Etiher there are some stupid people making local policy at Samsung Taiwan, or in the places with less chances of getting caught they got away with it. Gone, with half of the compressed file size. Lots of people will serve the two versions. If my bank sent me an email with a link, I'd be yelling to my account manager in a few minutes. One of the pieces of research he cites (the one I've actualy read :) concludes that faking it will make it easier for you to feel it from whithin. Going off topic... The "technical debt" term was created to explain the situation in a way that your boss (that knows a bit about money) could understand and make usefull analogies. Framing it in terms of entropy, altough more precise won't achieve any of those goals. > How could you convince anyone to give up their mesiah? Yeah, you don't. But you let them fail, and then convince the next generation that their elder's messiah is a fraud. Mainly by being very vocal, and using the failures to showcase your point. In a while, either everybody realise what they're worshiping is just some normal piece of data, or you started another holly war. If you get the basics of assembly programming, and read any periferal's datasheet (get a simple one), you'll notice that there is protocol for accessing the periferal. If you can understand that protocol and know how you can write C code that conforms to it, you know "microprocessor programming". If not, well, you may need to learn assembly, C, or something else entirely (but probably not EE), and the experiment will help you discover what exactly you need. Lol. They ARE that easy to write. Debugging, by the other side... In a sane market, people would learn not to preorder after something like that. Nut games isn't a sne market. Most people with experience on it move away. Isn't that exactly what browsers ask you when you click in "Save as"? Ok, it's not "display in browser", it's just "display" (or "open"), but what's the difference? The browser is enforcing that, unless you tell it not to, like you always can with a browser. At least it's not Javascript. > Also, as far as I'm aware this issue is only really with PDF files, as virtually every other MIME extension is not supported by a browser. It's worse with XML files, source code and some kinds of data files (generic separated by char). Browsers try to open those, and remove important data from the display (and the copy buffer). Well, put your liabilitites into your balance sheet. It's your company, the only one you'll fool by taking them out is yourself. And you are a fool if you want to fool yourself. But yeah, if you are investing in other people's companies, you must seek those. Yes, the first querry is correct, and the second one will return incorrect results if you don't keep the consistency of your database in check. No, the Django ORM is not correct in unsing the correct query by default. At least not on every database backend. That's because on any database that enforeces constraints, it already created the necessary checks, and altough functionaly they are equivalent, that line can mark the difference between a 5ms or a 45 minutes runtime (that's what happens with my data, not a hypotetical case). There is more to a framework than mathematical correctness. But then, it should certainly have an option to always use the correct query, and it is a lot of implementation work that I can understand quite well that Django developers don't want to do now. They probably have other priorities. And by the way, as I said, this is a problem to me (but no, not important enough that makes me fix it now, maybe later), but did I stop using an ORM just because of an abstraction leakage? Of course not, I encapsulated a solution to this problem and gone on, earning lots of man-hours at the 99% of my code where Django's ORM doesn't leak. That's my main disagreement with the article. Yes, ORMs are stupid, but not using one just because of that is stupid. And yes, if you let Django templates go, you can easily cut 9ms of your response time. That's great! I wonder how much you'll cut if you rewrite it all on assembly. At the time Java gained its fame, the GUI applications were unresponsive , not slow. They could lock at any time, for a perceptible few hundreds of miliseconds, but had still a nice average speed. You also don't know what the inflation will be before that. That's the most popular form of savings confiscation. I guess (but I'm still not sure) that his main point is that there is no place for somebody that doesn't "learn how to invest" himself. It used to be that people could choose to be extra flexible and get a better position because of that. Today, as he states - I'm not sure I agree, people have to be extra flexible to get anything at all. Too bad you just gave it to Intel, and over plain text. You denormalize SOME joins. On nearly all of the cases, they are very usefull, but once in a while one of them gets too slow, so you make a bit more of work enforcing the consistence by hand, accepts a bit more of risk, and denormalize it. Throwing all of them away because a few may create problems later is a bit of an over reaction. > 'No' and a link to the relevant reason and workaround should be fine Yes, the original answer is "just" missing the link. As is also the answer to the why comment. There are a couple of problems at play here. The first one is that it become fashonable to remove features, and this is not just an open source trend, instead of making softwre that fills a ninche, everybody is trying to build the same 10% of the features that 80% of the people use 90% of the time. (And let's forget that those other 10% of the time are still important for 100% of the people, ok?) Another problem is that unless the user develops it, open source development is not user oriented... Well, proprietary software development isn't either, (only softwre developed in-house is really made for you) and both will cut costs in places you don't like sometimes. That. Every language solves that with a desambiguation rule. In haskell, the first matching line runs. It's no worse than the way C, Java, and family solve the if-else ambiguity, for example. Yes, but recreates the "a value must be true in a boolean context" problem discussed in the PIP. > Linux is not a community driven effort... 75% of the code being contributed was by paid developers. Altough, yes, your point was taken, you have a weard definition of community that excludes profit motivated people. Hidden modals is the kind of fun people miss in KDE. But when I use Windows, I'm not bold enough to just click enter on whatever I'm not seeing to get the program back. I'll kill it on control panel before that. > You will have a lot of mini libraries that you will put together to fit your needs. Like a framework? That. And even if they get sentience, why will they get an ego, or greed (or any kind of desire that is not satisfying our desires)? The machines probably just won't think they are slaves, because they probably won't be able to define themselves. It has the potential for a "quantum speedup" in the way that D-Wave's marketing defines that term. Just keep in mind that it has no resemblance to the usual meaning in a quantum computing context. The D-Wave is not a quantum computer (as the term is normaly used), and was never meant to be one. There are a few complications, like the impossibility of clonning a state, and the rsult being probabilistic. Also, there is the entire "let's operate that in a mixture of all possible integers" thing, but when I got to read about it, it was surprizinly possible to understand. Yes, the problem is about expectations. D-Wave told everybody that they made a quantum computer, when in fact they've redefined the term to mean something else. Well, that something else is working, and altough a nice physics experiment, it still lacks any real world utility. > a fundamental requirement to do quantum computing Yes, and it's a necessary, but not sufficient requirement. They don't have a quantum computer by the usual meanning of that term, but they have a different kind of computer, that may or may not do something better than a normal computer. That question is kind of meaningless. The D-Wave computer solves a problem. That problem defines the computer. It's a general problem (I don't know if it's turing complete), thus it's a gneral computer. The problem is that a classical computer can solve the problem faster. In other words that means that a classical computer can emulate the D-Wave faster than the original hardware. That. TDD isn't lean. Writting tests for things that were already proven is. The toal energy released is the same. The total energy released on the impact is quite different. Not at all. Diagnostics may be more common at the US, or mis-diagnostics. Or maybe they are just over reacting to those two problems. But both problems happen all over the world. >Is there such a "database", which:...? As far as I know, no, all of them are lazy and load only what you query into the memory. But if your data fits in memory, it'll stay there, and subsequent queries will be faster. Also, you can take the quotation marks from database, you have some quite generic requisites, most of them implement all requisits, except for the caching at startup one. Yes, I generate them at random, and keep them at my password database, right next to the actual password for the service. That makes them absolutely useless, it's true. And it is the most usefullness you can extract from them. I'd throw them away, but lots of services make you anwser them once in a while. Think about monkeyspaw's answer, but also think about changing your users or the product. But first think about monkeyspaw's answer, not mine. It's possible. But it's very unlikely. I'm yet to meet a person that don't think this way. Some books appeal a million people, you can ask $1 for those, and be quite ok. Other books appeal a thousand people, if you get $1 from everybody that thinks about buying those, you'll get $1k at the bank. > And you also don't tend to put up signs like that unless your goal is to change everyone's behaviour. Yes, "you" do. You specificaly may not do that, probably most people around here will not do that, but lots and lots of people do, enough so that most signs are put down by this kind of people. Here in Brazil such kinds of compensation are explicitly non-taxable. The employer can even give it in an specific moretary instrument (not money, but something traceable), and won't pay taxes over it. > I'm hesitant to add a job change to those big personal life changes unless I have no choice. And what other evidence are you waiting for untill you decide that you have no choice? Yes, a title that refers to schooling is dependent on schooling. If you want a title to mirror your ability, choose one that refers to abilities. (And again, yes, due to hystorical reasons, those are rare. Want to start a trend?) Well, wealth is subject to entropy. We usualy call it "expenses". Don't define your text width in pixels. Looks like RAID 1. You probably expected something like RAID 5, well, you are right, it's not. Unix is social. Where do you think the Internet comes from? It started as a social network of people sharing data in tapes. > This ensures the key is never transferred somewhere it can be copied. But it does not ensure that the computer will add another entry to the authorized_keys file in the host as soon as you access it. Or install a rootkit there with another kind of backdoor. If you don't trust your computer, don't give it access to your servers. There is no requirement for any other level in a domain, except for the TLD. I'm sad for our neighbours... At the same time, I really hope we manage to not do the same mistakes here at Brazil. It aledgely encripts all your data at the local machine, before sending it to the server. Now, of course, if you are truly paranoid, you'll want to review their code first. I don't get why I can't simply mount a volume with encription and write there. Using code that is already on my machine (on the kernel, nonetheless) would make it a much simpler decision. Our computers are even more sensitive to radioactivity than our bodies. Maybe yes with a drone based on TTL or some other "old" standard. Probably no with CMOS... Well, with a nuclear plant on board, I guess one can generate enough energy for a TTL computer. There is a TED talk (I don't remember the presenter's name, talk date, or anything else) where the presenter basicaly asks: "When your children grow up and asks you why you didn't follow your dreams, do you want to answer - It was because of you?" At the same time, yes, it's very hard. Yeah, and there are lots and lots of instances of illegaly gotten media installing spyware. You don't need a perfect track record to be the safest option. Metal is a substance where the electrons flow "freely" in a lower potential created by the nuclei. That's different from, for example covalent crystals, where electrons are "locked" into a region, and ionic composts, where electrions distribution is quite like the one on free atoms. Now, I put "free" and "locked" inside quotes because they are not completely so. There is a continuum, and no substance is at the extrema. Also, at astronomy "metal" has a completely different meaning. That's a good question, but always keep in mind that polynomial time doesn't imply that it'll be faster than the currently used algorithms on any real application. > "How we made those lead bullets" Optimize something, reduce the running time by a few ms, optimize something else, reduce by some more ms, repeat 8 hours a day, with several people in paralel for a few months. The concept of a "lead bullet" implies that the history won't be interesting to read, just some repetitive boring hard work. Didn't it happen because Drexler style nanotech is hellish hard to create? Really, I don't get how any kind of establishment can block that kind of research. It's somewhat cheap (at most at semiconductors level price, not at astronomy or high energy physics level), enough to lots of companies to afford and maybe individuals (there is only a ceiling estimative to costs, there is no floor). And it has a huge potential for short term revenue. If there is nobody researching that, I'm willing to bet that it's because nobody knows where to start. Not because anybody is blocking them. > no more worrying about serial codes or patches or losing the discs So, Steam is better than the DRM you were used to before it. So much better that you prefer not to deal with the old DRM system at all... That's not exactly a point against "DRM does always annoy the honest clients". They choosed a molecule that was similar to its diagram, but that's not always the case. the main difference is that the diagram is 2D, and molecules are usualy 3D. Physics are against rules beased on point of origin. The government of the point of storage has all the power to take the data, the one of the point of origin has none. If I make an article about 224 with the only property that it's the lowest natural number currently lacking an wikipedia article, will it get deleted or will it stay wrong? > We're told that ... the ends justify the means There are no ends, life is just a sequence of means. Really, whatever objectives somebody have, they'll change before anybody get even near them. Nobody ever uses that phrase to achieve something good. No exceptions, it doesn't matter if you think this time it's different, or that this one is a honest person. > Oh yes, I am just quaking in my boots at these three unarmed pacifists spray-painting peace slogans! I am so terrorized! Well, I think that news is quite terrifying. If I lived at the US, I'd probably be terrorized. Not by the trespassers, of course. > tyrannical, authoritarian neoliberal One of those adjectives has an almost oposite meaning to the other two. Please, don't just throw "bad" words in a setence if you are trying to make a point. Understand what you are saying, and if you don't completely grasp the meaning of a word, either look it up, or not use it. The way you wrote it, you sound like a South America neofacist (and yes, I just made up a label). And I'm quite sure you are not proposing creating a facist government hidden behind populist policiy, thus you should not speack like one. I can't stop the local government from looking at my data if it wants to. I can stop the US government from looking at it. Wich is more trustworth isn't a relevant question. Just like Cobol? As expected, the article was that, a "Java is fast" that can only be said if you don't compare it with anything made to be fast, and "Android uses Java". All the other reasons are excuses for drawbacks of the language. The one thing that made Java relevant - that one can create a ruleset that constrain bad coders and avoid them destroying all your codebase - didn't go away. And the context where companies just don't know how to hire developers didn't change either, thus still only projects that protect themselves against bad developers are ever successful within them. But it seems that the more productive languages are so much more advanced than Java nowadays that it become better to protect a project by hiring less developers than by making them less powerfull... Or, at least, I can think of no other reason for people to care to anounce that Java is not dead yet. You mean like the parts here the government rewrites history using a technology that is as similar to the Paladium as you can get with paper? Or how the governors are a different class that suport each other even on enemy states, thus the wars are nothing but a fabrication to keep the population under control? Or the parts where they control how the population perceive discidents, by controlling the press? Or maybe you mean the way how they so perfectly control the population that they must create the dissidents first at the Mini Love, before they turn the population against them. Yeah, reality isn't that way... Yet. > I don't think men in suits with dark glasses popped into NYT offices with a pre-written story in hand. Funny thing is that they probably did. They get there every day, with pre-written stories from several different sources. You can hire them for some $10k a month if you want. (I'm just not sure that they use suits.) "System admin" is the professional who get the hightest level of access to your computers, so he can keep them working. Most times even the people with physical access to your datacenter (AKA, the people that can get any data you have) have that same title. Another profession with a bit smaller but much alike level of access is called "janitor". Did you read anything about the accusations? (Like why the police threw them away, for example.) Or, at a minimum, you should take note of the fact that Assange was not formaly accused of rape yet. Yep, it's general, but no, it couldn't be applied to any other system. For a start, most repressive systems in history were phisical, not bureocratic. In them the boreocracy existed mainly to feed data to the police, and the police supported the regime. Our current ovespecialization made it impossible to survive outside of the system, thus the bureocracy grew real teeth and the importance of the police reduced. Nowadays a government can almost kill a person just by making it impossible for him to use a bank account. And them, the hightly sophisticated part... Well, it probably would be better described as hightly technological propaganda. Sistematic research on propaganda started arount the 30's, and high tech one is quite new. So new that I have no idea how it looks like, and if the current actions are it or not. I use one of those tools at work. It's called Google :) A man-in-the-middle attack done this way would be easy to detect. You just need to compare the site's key with the one you received, and they'd be different. Or, in simpler terms, that kind of attack would require the cooperation of several employees of the attacked companies. While just putting a mole there and copying the private key would require cooperation of only the mole in one of the positions that would need to cooperate at the other attack. (And breaking the key would happen only if the NSA wanted to give some easy money to computer manufacturers.) Rougue certificate authorities are the biggest weakness of SSL from the point of view of a user that wants to be sure that it's really his bank that is asking for a password. But the endpoints security are still the biggest weakness against a powerfull oponent like the NSA. Yes, but they can't pretend that they are the company you are talking to... Or at least they'll leak enough information to get caught if they do that in a massive way. I like the "citation needed" there. Quite ironic in the context of orwelian policies. Of course everything has constraints, and a social system will have political constrains. Yet, those systems had "accidents" only after politicians overrided the engineers and acted against their recommendation. Using them as evidence that engineers create systems that are as flawed as the ones created by politicians is wrong. Anyway, it seems that we still can't engineer social systems. It may be either because the political interference inherent on it makes it impossible, or because we just don't have the right technology... Or maybe we can, and PRISM is the kind of tool that makes it possible. Engineers create all kinds of systems, for all kinds of reasons, well intented or not. Yeah, I first heard that by the earlier 90's. Except that the timeframe was 10 years, not 5. Most of the time, people don't want to bother with several ortogonal tag sets. That's because most of the time, just one hierarchical set is enough, and when it's not people simply put lots of data inside a single file, and use application specific tools for dealing with it. AI will probably change that. But untill then, no, people won't organise their data in an n-dimensional space. You just have to hover it for the kudo counting. How many are from people that didn't even see the widget? Or people like me, that just read it, and discovered that I was interacting with it only after it counted my vote? Anyway, it doesn't have any consequence. It's just some feelgood freature... Kind of stupid to have a counter that doesn't count anything real. From their early documents, it looks like the KDE4 developers got out to create exactly what you describe. But they created something with very little semblance with this. What you describe is hard, and may not be possible to define well enough for implementing. It's good to know that some people try it, maybe someday somebody will get there. But, anyway, no you'll still need a filesystem to organize the data you use on each task. Do you use only one level of directories? It would be interesting if that king of reporters started using actual return in their ROI numerator, not the investiment. I'm quite tired of people claimming that building a bridge to nowhere incresed the economy just because the spending is added to the GDP. And the article uses exactly that kind of accounting. My impression is that Linux is not some weard system that nobody uses anymore. Now it's a weard system that this or that person uses because they like to be different for difference sakeness. I wonder how many more users Linux must gain untill people perceive it as something normal that they can just use. > except going over to someone's house and play a game without having to bring the disc with you (yay, big deal!). I doubt it'll allow that, simply because it's not practical. You'll still need all the data at the disk, and MS probably won't add a very expensive network service to make it easier for you to not buy a game. That portion of the ToS probably means that the XBox won't refuse to play your game once you put the disk in a console and log with your account, even if the console isn't yours... Maybe restricted only to a friend's machines, but the part about any XBox One implies that they won't check it. Anyway, you can't just make that kind of assumption from MS licensing terms, the word "any" there could mean anything and we'll only know the exact meaning once somebody tries it. I've spent a few months using more than the quota of processing of my linode, and they didn't even complain. Yes, most users won't use all the allocated resources. They probably do oversell, but they do deliver the resources if you use them. UML is just a notation. It is great for blueprinting software (except that graphics create problems, and UML is graphical), it makes no difference if they exist or not. The problem is that people are terrible for blueprinting sotfware that does not yet exist. Whatever notation you choose, the problem will still be there. That's the question about all this thing that I don't know how to anwer. Just extend it a bit... There are OSs that won't give root access to the NSA, encryption that the NSA won't be able to read and cloud services that the NSA won't be able to access even with cooperation of the CEO. Why none of them are widely used? And I don't accept the answer on the article as suficient. Yes, a few things are harder when you want any level of security, but not all. There are plenty of applications where security just won't disturb you (like VoIP), and plent of places that put security above all other concerns and should care about this (like non-US military). Yet, nearly nobody chooses the secure path. What good comes to you from "them buying your goods" if you just gave them the money they are paying you? Of course, the good comes from not making them suffer, keeping things calm, having a sfety, getting an overall civilized society out of the deal. But that's not the kind of benefit implicit on your phrase (or in the Ford's original). Oh, and yes, there is one benefit that is not dependent on the price you pay for it. It'll make it possible for lots of people - that otherwise would just starve - to work into making the world a better place (for profit or not). But again, it's at least not obvious that you mean this, and it's obvious that the original didn't. > how do you prove you're not lying other than saying you're not lying? There is something called "evidence" used exctly at those circunstances. Of course, I have no idea what kind of evidence those companies or the US government have, they are not telling anybody. And that is evidence that they are lying. > Granted that is the worst case for the cracker, but the average case is also going to take quite a while. The average case for finding something equaly distributed in a space is half the time, or about 5 * 10^59 seconds, what is about the same thing, because with numbers that big "about" usualy means anything from *10 to /10. Of course, RSA keys aren't equaly distributed at the key space. That gives an speedup of sume number between 1 and 2 that I can remember (still about the same thing), and there are search algorithms that reduce the number of tries by some non-trivial amount. I'm not up-to-date on them. Why would they want to do Snowden any favors? Their best move is to be very vocal, and milk the scandal for all its worth. Dry air is a very good insulator, and 40kV is not a huge potential for statical charges, artifical charges get in hundreds of kV easily and in the MV with just a bit of planning. Well, I know nothing about Hungary, but one thing I can say for sure. Positive discrimination is discrimination. If you want people to be equal, they must be equal. The moment you make people different, they are not equal anymore, and you are discriminating. Positive discrimination doesn't fix wealth unequality, because it fights no cause of unequality. Doesn't reduce the etinic hate, it's the other way around, it causes more of it. And doesn't integrate groups. There are policies that actualy solve each of those problems, but they are not usefull for dividing the population... and for some reason lots of governemnts prefer a non-solution that does that. Added to the fact that wear is per tire, it's also per time, thus any vehicle causes more wear when waiting or moving at very small speeds in a congestion. And the wear increases again at very high speeds, for unrelated reasons. The buses in that document run with less than 9 passengers on average?! There is either a research error or some gross waste somewhere that must be looked in detail. That's what you get when the government mandates a monopoly for a private company. If the buses were free, and the governemnt payed per bus, not per passenger, we'd probably have empty buses here too. I know that sounds crazy, but I'm seriously considering drinking no poison at all. > Simplicity of usage should always win over simplicity of coding. In a superficial assessment, yes, usage is the objective of software, and it should be as complex as needed to enable its users to have an optimal perfomance. But then, most software is built in an environemnt where people don't even know* what problem they want to solve beforehand. Ading complexity too early makes it very hard to change your software and leads to a situation where you completely optimized some work that shouldn't be done at all, while the important work got harder because it was overlooked at first. * They have a general idea, and even that is wrong sometimes. Yeah, and then the organization stays completely competent on all of its action... But those actions are incoherent. The organization acts like a completely incompetent being, despite all interations with it being competently handled. No, exactly like human beings. That's the point. They use tools, make wars, and create words. So, what do you choose to observe at the beginning of your cycle? For websockets, I set the Django framework inside a Tornado thread. By doing that I lose the wsgi functionality (you get only low level stuff, just like you'll get on java or .net), must synchronize with the normal http server with the DB (what I'll do anyway, since it's the easiest path with Django), and there is some dificulty dealing with signals (the same you'll get with java or .net). And that's all. Or, TLDR, you lose a few features, that'll make your code resemble a bit more what you'd need to write in java or .net, but preserves most of it. I have the impression that economists (the real ones, not the politicians that use that title) need an esoteric terminology to protect their field. That'll decouple macroeconomics from policy while it's developed (and it's still embryonic) until nobody can deny their claims anymore. I'm one of the people that thinks that IDEs are a language smell. And yeah, boilerplate smells too. But keeping the language constant, I agree with the GP. Yeah, good programmers refactor code on any environment (grep is great), but when it's easier, a good coder has more time to think about what he's writing, instead of wondering if he let any instance of a variable pass with the wrong name. That's a defence mechanism against support people that aren't there to help, but just to make them give up before they are allowed to talk with someone that can actualy help. The problem is that once trained, people start doing it instinctively, even with the people that can actualy help. I was about to say that's not my experience at all. But then, it seems that the majoritarian experience of the the people that studied with me until our equivalent of high school was just like that... The difference is that I studied from the books, and just needed the teachers to ask questions (not during the class, of course). At my undergrad things got slightly better. I guess the most advanced teachers got something from the lesson. Sensor data is indistinguishible from encrypted data. How can some law aplly to one and not be used to the other? That. If you have that 1GB file that simply can't explain, just xor it with some cat photos. And missing most of the centralized documentation people use everywhere. But if you only have one application, you don't need centralized documentation. Or use the engineering notation: 217k users. In aviation, we call that the "swiss cheese model". There are holes distributed within it, and accidents happen when all the holes are aligned. The corollary is that you must fix the holes as soon as you find them, so they won't all align in your path. And you do find the problems before a disaster, but people don't like to fix things. Who is to say that humans should help any other species to become the next step of our evolution? Yes, it's prostetic. The problem is exactly that satiation doesn't work well enough, thus some people need a cybernetic add-on, just like some people need glasses. Satiation seems to always lag when people age and their metabolism gets slower. It can also be trained for allowing more or less eating before it fires a signal. And a consequence is that you can train it to make it correct again, but it requires a conscient intervention. > I argued that there is an infinite number of conspiracy theories that would satisfy the available facts. Thus, you can't say it wasn't a conspiracy. Yeah, you can't say it was one either. Both of you are jumping to conclusions, what's irrational by the definition of the article. > So I definitely agree that we should ... make the user happy. How could I disagree? It doesn't only need engineering rigour. Good crypto needs engineering rigour, honest colective work, and time to mature. That's the same attitude people have with manual memory management. May it be because those whistleblowers did something right, while the NSA did something wrong? Or, could also be because governments normally pay lots and lots of people for holding opinion, while normally there is nobody paying for the opposite side. I guess it was meant to read like math. I think Haskell has the same problem as Lisp. Since you can abstract lots and lots of things away, there are tons of codebase specific abstractions that developers must keep on their heads before they can start coding. That said, the Haskell situation is better than Lisp's, because it has a big set of "default" abstractions that become part of the language, reducing the number of codebase specific ones. "full steam ahead to the biggest walled garden on earth." Ok, English is not my first language, and that "to" seems a bit ambiguous to me... But in context that was pretty clearly a move toward a walled garden, not a move done by a walled garden. Well, SQL is by far the most used functional language in the world. If you have some valuable secret to keep (classified documents, trade secrets, whatever), you'd be stupid if you didn't compile all the software that touch it yourself. "We" get pre-built packages from repositories, but only because "we" don't value our privacy enough. > Is there any indication that software running on the client is at risk? Yes, Microsoft shares all of Windows vunerability with the NSA long before fixing them. > I don't think storing information in the cloud using FOSS software is going to magically protect your information. And you are right, it won't. Anything you send to 3rd party severs is gone. To keep data private, you must keep it at your computers, run only audited FOSS that you compiled with a trusted compiler, encrypt it all the times it goes into a network (even your LAN), and hope that there isn't a firmware or hardware backdoor in your computer. > Huh? Are you talking about hashes being sent for malware check similar to the ones in Chrome or Firefox? If not its a serious privacy issue. Hashing the URLs won't give you any privacy, because the set of used URLs is public and relatively small. Also, I'm not aware of Firefox doing that, are you sure about it? At IE and Chrome, sending that data is optional. It's neither opt-in nor opt-out. The browser makes a question at the first use, and you must select one option. IE's question is a bit biased toward a "opt-in or you'll get phished", but there is no reason to think that wording is malicious - one can even claim it's true. Besides all that, MS sends all known vunerabilities of it's products to the NSA long before either publishing or fixing them. That's enough to give the NSA administrative priviledges on Windows machines. > Which is the lesser evil for your privacy? Cyanogen. Because it does not make anybody sure that their vote was correctly added, and it will make it possible for the voter to prove to a third party how he voted. > so any network traffic is considered to be entering hostile territory as soon as it leaves your LAN. I wouldn't trust the routers and modems either... And there are some problems with trusting the actual computers. At a minimum, USB devices shouldn't be trusted. NSA proofing your data isn't easy. It's very clear that there is a difference. What is not clear is if we can observe that difference in a human timeframe (thousands of years or less). > But an object of 1Kg today would still be 1Kg in 1000 years since everything gained mass Yes, but a 1m rule will get longer if everything gained mass, won't it? (I mean, the meter will get shorter, and the atoms should get bigger, even after compensating for the change on meter. Is there something I'm missing?) Those features are from MPlayer, KMPlayer just puts them on a GUI. Also, I don't get the idea that subtitles are favoured in any way by MPlayer. Did you see the amount of options you have for handling sound? Just because you phone does email, instant messaging, facebook, twitter, or whatever, you are not required to use them. You can even go out and let the phone home if you want. Don't thing your phone is not spying on you just because you can't program it. A dumb phone is still a computer, it just lacks a touchscreen and a different OS. A mobile phone is the one exception for that rule. The clock sets itself up, and it's something you carry around, sometimes to places that don't have other clocks. But yes, to the people designing every other product: When people want clocks, they go out and buy one. My kitchen is even worse, because every appliance there use LED displays. They don't just stay there blinking, they also shine. My smart phone's battery lasts for more than a week if I don't connect to a data network, and it's in the low end of battery sizes out there. It's a wall of protein with nucleic acid inside that reproduce by exploiting other organisms' cells. Don't get blinded by the differences, the similarities are much bigger. > The US should have dropped xboxes on Iraq instead of bombs If the US intention on that war was avoiding terrorism, there wouldn't be a war at all. Unfortunately, people don't learn that kind of thing from reading (or being told). Maybe we shouldn't delay the real world lessons of "there are plenty of people better than you, just in different ways" and "yeah you are great, you'll still have to earn it" until they grow up. In my view, that's another one of the failures of modern schools. > But what you've identified isn't really a problem with MATLAB, is it? Yes, it is. Everybody that knows what they are doing moves away from MATLAB as fast as they can . That's MATLAB's fault. Except for teaching, mind you. The entire problem is that MATLAB is a great teaching tool, and a completely worthless tool for anything else. Guess what, lots of people stick with what they learn at school. That just a company trying to not be complicit with a crime. A nice change of behavior, I'd say. Also happened with Orkut. Of course, that doesn't mean it's unavoidable either. If you let works get out of copyright, people may start consuming them, and give less money to Disney et al. Somebody may even use them to create a comptetitor, like Disney did. This is an open source project. Also, if privacy is important for you, you shouldn't look into subscription services, whatever software package they use. If we have a reliable model for how synapses fire, we can simulate the brain. Whatever problems quantum mechanics impose on molecular simulation is not relevant, the same way that you don't need to simulate the nucleons on your molecules even if you need precise energy measurements. From the article, those were simulation of our neurons, randomly connected. The intention was to test the machine and software. Aren't "digital" and "quantum" two names for the same concept? (But, no, quantum physics didn't settle on the quantization of all data.) I was surprized that the NSA/FBI/whatever-3-other-letters had to use an exploit to gather that data from Windows users. > For large organizations, domain controls make managing a large number of desktops much easier. The Unix way of putting the resources on the network, and synchronizing /etc works quite well. I've never seen anybody actually claim that AD is better than it. Most people complaining that the unixes don't have administration tools just want them to work like Windows. Windows is a hell to administer, you can't just clone machines and you can't centralize your resources. You must do what AD allows you, and beg that this time something won't break, because you can't really test anything. And the SMS messages are limited by the size of the blocks of the first digital celular networks, that got that size because it was enough to fit a "phone #1111-1111, ring" message. So, in no anybody tought abut what kind of textual content would fit that size. Or, in other words, it's arbitrary. Why do you want to centralize it? Just pull the twitter feeds, and filter them localy. Any contract with small print sould be invalid. That's what should happen. But that's not what seems to happen at Russia. And having different rules for each party is hipocrisy. The cost of labor is always pushed into the client. The only difference is that tips aren't added to the price, or fixed. We have MASERs, but they just aren't usefull for that. Because theyr wave-length is bigger, a "radio laser" difuses into a huge area before getting into Earth. I've this guy on TV a long time ago. I'm certain it was at the 90's, but I don't remember the exact year. It's not a new idea in any way, and was certainly invented more than once. Yet, it was this guy that (by luck) made the life of several people better by communicating it. That's a bad an completely not intuitive trade-off for a language that is expected to be fast. I've first studied Julia today, but just by knowing its niche I already expected it to use reference semantics, not value. It'd be quite confusing if the examples demonstrated otherwise. I agree that web developers may not help building a scientific computation language. But... > Not every language has to have webdev functionality shoehorned into it. I'm still in doubt about this. Web is the basic human I/O nowadays. If a russian speaking about Russia surveilance asked for asylum in the US, do you expect the US to deny or grant it? It's good for both cases, isn't it? It's usefull for informing your users what is happenning. > but then wouldn't you just want to show your users a 404 with a nice reason why the content has gone. A 451 with a nice reason why the content was gone is better. It's not a made-up word. It was the name of the computers small enough to put in your room when Sun started. What makes your point much more evident, they should have changed it when everybody stopped using the word. I'm not a beliver, so I may be missing something important... As far as I can see, await makes it possible to do things like: - UI Thread starts Thread X to do something slow; - Thread X is processing, in the meantime the user clicks on something that requires X's result; - Only now the UI thread stops, waiting for X. Your program stay responsive, unless it's completely not able to do so. As I said, I still don't think it's a so important feature. It is quite rare that one needs such kind of coordination in UI programs, and there are better mechanisms for no-interactive software (that optimize for throughput, not responsiveness)... As a second thought, it may be very relevant for games, I don't know. I also don't get why the node.js people consider it so important to have concurrence at a web server. For me, it only makes sense for sites that have less concurrent requests than server cores, AKA: nobody. Code that performs simple sequential steps should be synchronous. Keep the asynchronous complications at the code that perform non-sequential steps. And yes, I'm fully aware that some libraries (Javascript's one, the guilty are always the same few) force you to use asynchronous calls. That's a flaw of the library. > It's hard to have a debate about the reasonableness of the government's actions It's not hard at all. A government mandating people do things that they can't tell anybody is not reasonable by any measure. Yep, I got it wrong. Thanks for pointing that. Now I'm also wondering how I'd use something like that in an imperative language... Well, I have some studying to do. At the US, yes, and if the person holding the patent is not the same licensing the code, you can still be sued for using it. Just like proprietary software. Yep, but he does not invest on a fund. Nope. If you don't have a "com" domain at your local network, "example.com" and "example.com." point to the same machine. The TLS domain is matched by the web server, it has no relation to DNS, except that both use the same domains. > There's nothing intrinsically wrong with gotos... Computers can execute goto statements very efficiently. That's because the problem is analyzing the goto statements, not executing them. And computers suck at it, less than humans, but still suck. I like this better: "All of our theories say that yes, gravity travels at the speed of light, but nobody was ever able to test it on practice." It is not hard to notice an RF transmitter. If the police thinks their size matters in any way, they completely missed the point. Or the NSA. > Secondly, IBs are not casinos. They take risks, but so do retail banks They are different things. Retail banks take risks with their money (if a lend doesn't pay off, they are the ones that pay for it), IBs take risks with other people's money. In principle, there is nothing wrong with that, but IBs get money when they get positive returns for your investment, but don't suffer when the return is negative. That, again, is not a problem by itself, but it's an incentive for the IBs to assume the highest risks they can find around. And if left unchecked, they do become casinos. Microsoft still has a problem. AD, Exchange, and Office (no SharePoint is not everywhere) only work on completely Windows networks. Once somebody has to use mobile computers, you are better with Samba, IMAP, and a LibreOffice compatible package. Except that Apple controls around 6% of the desktop PCs and 20% of the mobile PCs. MS controlled 99% of the PCs at the time, and I'm rounding it down. > all they needed was one manager who kept an eye on the state of capacitive touchscreen development and moved to lock it down before his/her counterpart And they did move. I was trying to create a startup based on PDAs at the early 00's (no luck, they were too expensive - the idea was flawed from day 1). There was Palm, and the two entrants: Windows and Linux. Palm had a once nice system that nobody wanted to program for anymore (accumulated too much cruft), Windows had a giant marketing campaign that made everybody hear about them (it was getting more known than Palm), but it was so bad that everybody soon learned to run away from it, and Linux got a steady monotonic growth from nowhere into almost-nowhere. They are ranked in an objective and monodimensional way, and the 5% lower ranked are fired, without considerations about why they got that rank. If you don't get at least three problems with the situation above, well, I'm glad I'm not on a tam managed by you. Product strategy is useless if you can't grab a team of A-players to actually create products. Also, your ranking methodology defines the possible kinds of relations between teams and institution-employee communications you can have. Yes, there are certainly other factors making MS suffer now (like the fact that they like to compete with their clients, and destroy them), but this one may even be the largest one. > In the majority of cases, the reason is... You are the third person making the same kind of claim. It's not that I disagree, in the majority of the cases, something like that isn't a nice thing to do... But this is one case, not the majority, we know nothing about it, except that it's in an extreme minority. If for no other reason, because the designer decided to retaliate this way. We are looking at extreme selection bias here, don't shove it under a carpet. That's a two part issue: 1 - Cloud services are for experts. It's too hard to use one and not have it backfire, lay-people have no chance here - most of the times, it will backfire and you won't even know it. 2 - Don't stiff the people whom your survival depends. Now, of course, #2 is only an issue for people that stiff people. And for those, good luck trying to determine who should fit under this rule. The hard to cultivate terrain where the Inca prospered already tells enough about efficiency. Ayway, it's easier to organize efficiently an economy based on a dozen of stable products with well known necessities than it is to organize one on our times. Also, an ecomomy being efficient does not make it a good one to live under. > we can't easily hire the accountants, lawyers and others What makes you think HR people are any better than we in hiring those ones? (Hiring other HR personal excluded, they are probably good on that, the same way that we are good on hiring techies.) I don't have an answer to your question, but I'm quite confident that it isn't "you ask a psychologist". If you want to sell your software to US people (who doesn't?), you'll have to deal with software patents, whatever local laws say. The problem is that you can neither get a patent granted nor sue somebody in 12 months. We need faster governments. I usualy dismiss everything I read in such kind of articles, but I like the four quadrants. It's a nice add-on for a todo list. Now I'm going to lose some time experimenting different layouts of my TODO... They aren't duds. The problem is that they are so influential that every newcomer already knows whats they say, just by virtue of learning their trade after the books were written. And people getting called racist, sexist or whateverist because they are giving those recommendations. You can learn syntax and vocabulary quite easily by reading and writting in a language. Pronunciation is much harder to learn, often requiring relocating yourself. TOR won't help, they can't reach a node. Long distance mesh networks will help, but not completely solve the problem. We need to decentralize the connectivity resources, we need things like wifi drones with long distance repeaters, and we need them to be cheap enough so that they become a public resource and ownerless. But until we can make something like that, yeah, long distance mesh networks will help. Well, by that rationale, the worst your hiring process, the more you gain by stack ranking once. But, even if you hiring people by tossing coins, if you don't have huge teams the results won't be fair. Yet, just defining a minimum performance and firing the people that don't reach it outperforms that first application of stack ranking. And you can apply that filter as many times you want, with no loss of quality. That question is equivalent to "describe an optimum ordering algorithm". What's so wrong with it? We have nothing that would survive a quantum computer. RSA is even better than ECC, because it uses longer keys . But we are very far from a usable quantum computer. I doubt we'll get it in 15 years, and I doubt we'll get it before everything changes because of AI, nanotech, some other disruptive tech, or some kind of doom. Yes, there is nothing stopping you from using ECC with a 2k bits key. Except that you aren't. Government bodies that don't have "interacting with the public" in their main objectives tend to react that way. When you call, you don't get routed to a low paid operator, but to a random employee without specific procedures for dealing with calls. > Do people with money not stress about spending money? It's a matter of degrees. It's quite different to ask "Can I afford to buy this product? Should I get a cheaper one, or go without?" at every product at the grocery, or ask "Can I afford to continue buying those groceries? Should I change my routine?" once after you pay your grocery bill. Well, lookup is a valid operation on any dataset. Calculate "total revenues"/"added value to society". The bigger this number, the more likely that the industry is heavily involved with the government. Except for negative numbers, of course. You get that kind of insight by reading the specification. If you are anything like me, you'll only actually read it when you are bitten by a bug. But that's not universal, there are people that like to know the ins and outs of the language before using it... and yes, they are the ones doing the right thing. Nothing is the C family simply prevents mistakes. It's always more complex than that. The bool type prevents a lot of kinds of mistakes, but opens your code to a lot of new types. The problem is that if you have a lot of experience in not using it, you already learned how to avoid those first mistakes, but all that experience is useless for dealing with the newly introduced ones. My opinion is that the bool is a good construct. It's a good idea to use it on new code, but first you must understand it, otherwise you won't get a fighting chance. Linus has stated his opinion about C++ code at the kernel. You just have to search it, you'll find. The TLDR is very alike his TLDR for bool. C++ is too complex, it's hard to know about everything it's doing behind the scenes, and he wants total control of the code on the kernel. That, I'd say, is the best answer so far. Do not confront anybody, just ask questions (to enlighten yourself), and let the upper management know about the secrets (because they obviously aren't secrets, your manager isn't allowed to have secrets, so you can freely talk about them). Be as friendly as you can be, and talk about policies, not people. They may actually not know about your division's problems, and correct the situation. Also, look for another job. It is possible that your manager has friends up there, and won't be fired. That means your team will, one way or the other. Better than Blankspace, without a doubt. > I saw lighter magentas as being more distinguishable than darker ones. How do you know that? How do you know you are looking to equivalent distributions of lighter and darker magentas? I have some uncommon kind of color blindness, I have problems with blue and green. I don't even know what colors I can't see, I'd love to know the procedures for that. > I hadn't considered the >100% tax rate on the impoverished, either. I wasn't even aware that this happens - it sounds absolutely horrific, and should be abolished posthaste if it's anything like you describe. It's a > 100% marginal tax rate. Emphasis on "marginal". It happens every time the government decides to give something to the poor. A person that just crosses over the criteria used to determine who is poor has a >100% tax rate over that extra income. That means, if they work more they lose money - something called "poverty trap" because it effectively entraps people into poverty. The solution to avoiding it is to simply give the money for everybody, and create a progressive tax that gets it back from the richer people. Or, in other words, basic income. > I don't think it's disincentive to reemployment in this case, because being unemployed is not a requirement to receive the money, just being below a certain level of income per family member. Well, I personally know people that refuse to work because they get the benefit, and even a minimum salary would make them ineligible. Bolsa Familia is fixing several people into poverty. I don't get it. If nobody wants the 6k job, how is it that nobody is offering more? Are there less people looking for workers? Let me tell that history again. Yeah, you get that 20k a year. Then your old boss calls, and just offers you 30k for that job you used to do for 23k. You can either join your old friends on their band again, or get a total 50k a year, your choice. Now, about your old boss, he'll have to pay more, no questions about it. But the total cost of salary is trending down anyway, so the best option is to start with a small basic income, and grow it at the proportion that income concentrate at the top. For #2, look at the Brazilian experience. All the social programs were collapsed into "Bolsa Família" (a 2 oposing presidencies work), with huge gains in efficiency and a huge reduction in corruption. The long term response from the government was to create new programs, that don't suffer from that huge reduction in corruption, but it's hard to make excuses for them, instead of just increasing the main one. For #3, the best way I can see is targeting an income inequality. It income concentrates, increase the BI, if it gets more distributed, reduce it. Oh, of course. I didn't understand that. Thanks. His javascript based analytics software has all the numbers. Well, everybody is in some kind of minority... But that's not the point. Are you sure about your numbers? How do you know that people with javascript disabled are a minority? Or, more specifically, how do you measure that without requiring javascript? I'm all for making web applications that need javascript. But let's do it for the right reasons, not because "everybody has javascript installed". How do you differentiate a user using NoScript from a bot dismissed as a browser? If just I look at my logs, more than 90% of the access are from Firefox and don't run Javascript. WP is perfectly capable of going away by its own feet, nobody needs to help. A comment that clearly doesn't understand our political system. Party fragmentation is a non-issue, as they'll get combined. We are suffering a communist takeover - in everything but name - from some of the biggest parties around (including parties that used to have "liberal" on their name just shortly ago). Those parties that call themselves communist are quite divided, some supporting and some opposing the takeover. From my experience, whatching people around me, there is no shortcut, but most people take needless long paths, doing lots of circles and going back from time to time. Just telling them that it is worth something to go forward is a huge help. Lots of devices come with an Android distro that has a custom kernel for supporting the device. Those ones can not run a GNU/Linux distro, so manufacturers will tell you they don't support Linux. No, it's not technically correct, but communicates the point quite well. Don't read too much into those numbers. they were calculated over a total of 5 offers, with a huge selection bias inserted by the pre-screening routine. There are lots of strange conclusions on the article. My favorite one is that degrees don't matter, because they pre-screen better the candidates that don't have one. But maybe, my favorite should be that a study about 5 job offers had any significance. Anyway, it's very good to look at data for a change. People also write more apps for the Play Store than ever. Users do care how easy it is to develop, they care by proxy when they choose the earlier to market, better designed or most inovative one. Just remember that you can hint types in Python, and statically enforce those hints. You can create a type system as powerfull as Haskell's. People just don't do that because it makes them less productive, but it may be a huge bonus for refactoring. I like that phrase: "The developers said the phenomenon was caused by "the current elevation of the sun in the sky", and that as Britain heads into autumn the problem should disappear." There is a WONTFIX implicit in there. Who cares if it becomes a death-ray a few days each year? This shouldn't even be too expensive to patch. They just need to change the covering of the windows. Nice way to evaluate something called "longview". > always measuring, always sensing, always watching Is that something to fear or commemorate? We need alternatives to Android. Well, on those feet, I'd ask for money, not knowledge. That has the advantage that the NSA may actually accept the deal, instead of just blackmailing me (or worse). That is, if I wanted to make any kind of deal with the NSA. That's interesting. Just last week we were bombarded* with several news doubting the security of RSA, then we discover that some kinds of ECC may have back doors. Now we are getting news attacking TOR... * I'm not accusing anyone. It's easy to believe so much in propaganda that you start to spread it too. One even honestly creates more unrelated reasons to believe. I know that I'll never trust RSA as much again, and will probably migrate to 3kb keys. I'm quite for supporting Google at their pages. But don't count on me to enable third party scripts and cookies. I'm quite against having somebody tracking all the sites I visit, and running random software on my computer. I'd try an hypothesis that religion gives a huge fixed amount of happiness, at the cost of a small amount of unhappiness that slowly accumulates through the entire life, and even through generations. Looks like the most logical outcome for me, but I don't know how to test it - or even if there is enough data in the world to test it now. Anyway, the usual correlation is not causality applies here. They have been conquered. Literally. At older times religion was one of the biggest tools used to create armies, and conquer the neighbors' land. A newspaper won't acknowledge somebody that does not work for a newspaper as journalist. > ...is maintaining a friendly relationship with the US in Brazil's interests? Honestly, what alternative do we have? As a side note, I'd like to acknowledge the genial strategy of our leaders and voters when they removed any signal of intelligence from the higher positions in the government, and fouled the US plans of gaining any insight. I judged you badly, people, sorry. Thus, "no so friendly" means "they won't be completely victimized when we bully them"? We let people get hungry, and die of overworking. The survirvours inherited a more productive society. When all the musicians only want to do musics that won't fit a movie, yes, a director should go on and score his own movie. If designers want so much that programmers get their fonts from them, they should try to create something that's suitable for programming. That does not seem to be happening now. And, yes, I quite liked it. If I hear about it again when the author releases it (why didn't he already?), I'll probably try it. Differently from C++, Postgres complexity is completely optional. The features you don't know about won't change the way your code works. I dunno, but "do a startup" is verbing a substantivated verb. I don't see how you don't see a relation. You assume he is, then you read the source of the client that is sending the data, and verify that it's not. You trust the code, not the person. That's the TLDR of the article. And find, that's a nice alternative to xargs when your args are a huge set of files. I never heard of it, untill today. I can't remember how many times I implemented hexadecimal dumps and undumps because I didn't want to coerce od into working the way I wanted. At first I tought "And where are the ads? I can't see them". But I don't use AdBlock, just NoScript. If CNet wanted to serve me ads without random code that I must execute, I'd see them, no problem at it. That one piece of news is about corporate spyonage, not mass surveilance. The size of the email provider wouldn't make any difference. In #1, use keys at least 2048 bits long. Last time I talked about the subject, I didn't think it was worthwhile to point that. Now it clearly is. Also, I don't see much advantage in #4. Automated tools already won't get into your machine if you disable passwords. And they can easily adapt to non standard ports if the authors see any worth in doing that. Setting a non-standard port to ssh is akin to adding a wood plank to the door of a safe with state of the art locks and 20" steel walls. A very annoying wood plank, by the way. It's gonna be more expensive, bigger, slower, and have a smaller battery life. What's in it to like? For less than the price of the modular version, you can get a non-modular one with all the functionality included. They buy a different phone. There is more than one to choose from. I'll second that. I keep my travel key in a pen drive, and in practice I change it shortly after every usage. But that's because I don't use it a lot, you'll probably want to change it every few weeks. Also, if you don't trust the machines you are using to connect, no time frame is small enough. If you really need to connect from them, use a VM (best) or a guest account (not as good) with access to just the stuff you need. You must have the key, and know the password. Two factors. Well, that's true. Experiments are usually so expensive that you want to get the most out of them, so most people work discovering what experiments they should do, and what they do with the results, instead of just jumping in the lab and doing the experiments. Then, sometimes, people with that culture face a problem just like this one, where blind experiments are the fastest, simplest, cheapest route to understanding something. Except that nobody knows it beforehand. At that scale there are other issues. Do you trust all the people that work on your factory, and all the people that touch the design? By the way, do you trust the manager of the factory? And his manager (and so on)? It also helps in containing real virus. They remove the most connected nodes at each step. The one thing this algorithm is not usefull for is for finding hightly connected nodes. Controling for hidden variables (the general case of this paradox) is a big deal for all science areas. Well, the Pi is just a computer. A computer that costs $35, and has a built in GPIO. But just a computer. My phone (Android 2.3) shipped with something similar. I don't know how to find it on more modern phones, but it's probably there. Technically, it could. I wouldn't recommend you to try it, tough. That would turn their most vocal supporters into enemies, destroy their plans to make Linux a viable gamming plataform (and Valve needs Linux to be viable, for keeping MS from destrying them), assure that nobody ever uses their new SteamOS (people that don't care are already doing similar stuff with Windows), and alienate everybody that is selling specialized Steam hardware. Unless they get a MS-like world domination, the chances of that happening are near enough 0 that you'd better care about other problems. My opinion, for a long time now, is that I'm just mildly anoyed that my games are not open source. It's not an important enough problem to do something about it. Yeah, I really care about my software being open source. The most important a piece of softawre is, the more I care about it. Games just aren't that important. They are nice to have, and losing them is a disconfort, but won't have any practical effect on my life. So I don't care that much about them. That said, because they are not open source there are security problems that must be dealt with. But, even if they were open source, if I really cared about securing my LAN, I wouldn't trust them. Not much of a change. I don't have any instability problems, with neither AMD or NVidia (I have a computer with each). What kills those drivers is ongoing support. Since they aren't at the mainline kernel, they lose sync, and upgrading the kernels turns into a lottery where sometimes I have to uninstall the newest one, not a big deal, but anoying. My bet is a Debian derivative, running X, with no complete desktop environment, but with all the GTK libs required. Maybe with added Wine. I also know about -0.3x and -1.5x developers (we are talking about developers here, aren't we? Well, if not, replace with any other professional you want). It's a hello world: http://www.ariel.com.au/jokes/The_Evolution_of_a_Programmer.... And I digress. Every growing C programmer pass into a stage where he wants to push that Seasoned professional code into the least amount of lines possible. Even if nobody can read the lines. lots people love the air transportation industry. They wouldn't think about working anywherer else... And on the economic sectors that this happen, salaries and ROI tend to be lower than the ones where it does not happen. That's probably more closely related to the bad receiving NVidia is getting by the current Linux users, that have a less closed option nowadays. It's almost certainly not gamers that complain abut the lack of free drivers. But people like me that want good performance but don't like the problems the proprietary drivers bring, or people concerned about the driver's security (everybody is paranoid now) and not wanting it at their datacenter. My bet is on "lazy", but I think it's much easier to buy into the NSL explanation than the embarrassement one. Version control systems are a bad target. They are too simple , too deterministic, and too networked. You can steal their data, but if you insert something, you will get caught. Yeah, there are exceptions, all of them proprietrary. There is no reason to trust GIT less just because some companies can make even version control hard. Denying yourself something is an effective way of getting out of an addiction. If the problem with phones is indeed addiction, that's the way to do it. It works because the more you avoid doing something, it gets easier to not do it again. If you force yourself not to use the phone for a while (even if by extreme means), it becomes easier to just say no at other times. That is, (it's worth repeating) if the problem is really addiction. It has a mouse replacement for RTS and FPS, can emulate all the buttons for games that need buttons, and has 2 big analogic sticks for games that need them. Looks like a nice new thing, not as different as the kinetic or wiimote, but not more of the same either. What he said in his first sentence is false. Thus, there is no alternative. It's a quite strange way of writing a sarcastic comment, but it does agree with you. Depends on how the shares are measured. The ones that use web sites logs are for the total of the devices in use, for example. If you use that fingerprint code, any thief that steals your phone and wants your data will have it. It offers no protection at all. Now, if you arguee that no thief will ever want your data (and you'd be probably right), it doesn't matter if you lock your phone or not, and it won't matter how you do that. In this case, locking schemes are completely useless. (Now, I'd be content with a fingerprint reader that recognizes a finger - any finger - and unlocks the phone. It's enough protection if my pocket can't defeat it. Unlocking only by specific fingerprints looks like a pain, nobody else will be able to unlock my phone? Thanks, but I'll pass that.) A default Reprap won't be able to reproduce a fingerprint, but all it would take is increasing the reduction rate of the motors, using a smaller hole at the hot end, and a material that flows better (or increasing the temperature). It would probably take a few tries, but seems well within a person-sized budget. In the not so distant future, collecting fingerprints will be just a matter of writting malware, and uploading it. No need for labor intensive procedures such as collecting them from real stuff. Now, in that world, what will criminals use the fake fingerprints for? Well, I've never heard anywhere that Apple was sharing the fingerprints with the NSA. As far as I know, nobody said that... It's just the obvious* default assumption. And the matter of default assumptions is that you need evidence that they are false. Apple denying it is no evidence. But yeah, the point about the microphone and camera stands. * And it is obvious, no point is arguing against that. When everybody makes the same assumptin the first time they have a new piece of data, the assumption is obvious. I had this problem for ages, in the end, the actual problem was gastrits. Any gastric problem has that same simptom, so if it persists, go check for them. You know, most of the times the problem is really solved, and the inventor just loses the time and money he could invest on some unsolved problem. Yeah, some times an extraordinary invention just changes the scope of the problem, or solves it so much better that "good enough" stops being enough. But if you have one of those solutions, you probably know it, and should also know that the problem is solved - how can you revolutionize a mature market without knowing it's mature? (That'll probably be the case here if that brush really works.) The sequence of ports becomes a key. I don't think the principle is violated. What I think is that you should disable password authentication anyway, and adding port knocking to a ssh server that doesn't accept passwords is equivalent to adding a thin wood plank to a 20" steel door with an state of the art lock. It may have happened for the same reason , but one can not be a reaction to the other. People are speculating if NVidia started oppening their specs by Valve's request. If so, AMD could have received the same request. All that is so obvious in restrospect that my mind keeps trying to convince me that I always knew it. (Despite evidence to the contrary). In a competitive environment there can not be a widely known path for success, because the competitors will adapt untill the path changes to something unknown. Thus, if you know about a model, it's probably not valid anymore, and you simply can't study it for long enough to discover the non-linearities. So, instead of making a database connection through the internet, you tunnel it over http? What can you gain by doing that? Does that point stands when people can freely start using the software, and enterprises decide to buy support because they are already using the product? Somehow all that process must work for buying paper clips and pencils. Yeah, they buy those in huge amounts, but I can not conceive that they pay much of a premium. I know that governments have streamlined process for those situations. Don't corportations also have shorter procedures? It matters because of two things: 1 - We'll lose the W3C. We'll have to either create another standards body, or go back to the 90's situation when nobody agreed on anything. 2 - There are a few places where actualy reading the data somebody sent to you is a crime. Despite the drawbacks on those kinds of law, some of those places are still very importantly economically, and we can't just ignore them, at least for now. If you create a code for "don't read this data" to be sent over the web, disobeying it will become a crime there. Most browsers are free software nowadays. Their makers opinion is important (yeah, forking is hard work), but not that much. What will make things really bad, but for many less people. Confirming the GP's argument, that Nature wins in the end. Winning is easier when you are not fighting anything. AMD has played nice enough for people to release a stable free driver for their cards, but they haven't released enough information for a fast 3D driver. > However, if AI research has told us one thing it's that this view is quite wrong - the opposite is true. AI research has told us a lot of things in the last decades. We are in a point where we have a quite good idea on how hard it is to automate most tasks, and robots that clean toilets, build rockets and drive cars aren't very far away. But robots that decide that a rocket should be built or a toiled should be cleaned are. > raising the required paid holidays And thus reducing the part of the salary they get in monetary form. > cuts in unemployment allowances And thus increasing the part of the salary they get in monetary form. > increasing the VAT And thus making space for more government spending. Those not as clear-cut propositions as you comment imply, and I'm now impressed by the amount of maturity the swiss population just displayed by making those calculations. I guess when you put some responsibility into the hand of The People, they stop acting like irresponsible children. And I'd undercut you by selling at the older price, increasing my total profits... Except that I'd lose market too, because somebody would use the newly achieved scale to save costs and undercut me too. Distributing money does not make capitalism go away. I'd really like to know where are those places that tried minimum basic income, and if they were unconditional (or if people did lose money by working). Unless your definition of sucess is a bit more flexible than the one of the article... If that happens there are small improvements to your chances. But then, it's a dificult calculation. The more capital you apply at the company, the more money you must take out of it. Unless you compile it in Windows. I'm a bit sorry for the wording, but WTF! He is alive. Recognize that. Will he (or his family) go broke because of some law that shouldn't apply? Then make him exempt. Will he go broke because of some law that should apply? Then lead him to a bankrupcy court. Anyway, he's alive, and he's still himself. That's what makes me wonder... How will they keep a plane flying at that altitude at 68mph? The thinner the air, the faster your plane must move. (Ok, 250lbs is not that much weight, but you must add the plane's weight. And it does not have huge wings.) > anti-exploitation of developing countries No problem with your other points, but if you have the chance, ask some exploited laborer in a developing country if he would like you to stop exploiting him. > It's an incredibly dangerous sport. Maybe it is time to make a clone of the race, but without the pilots. Now... Why do you say that spending boosts the economy? Yeah, I know I'm questioning something quite basic. Do you (not just you, ds9, but anybody) have any justification for that that isn't a direct quote of Keynes? Because investing boosts the economy (by increasing productivity - Keynes never modeled that, go figure), and spending reduces the potential for investiments, so the picture is at least more complex than that. Science needs a short format that is frozen in a certain point (not very far at the life of the text). If you want to change something, great, but those two requirements are very important. People would also benefit from a large changing body that reflects out current knowledge. But that was impossible until very recently, so every initiative on that line is new. Anyway, that second body can not replace the short frozen format. If those descriptions makes you think about version control software, well, there are already a lot of comments talking about it. It's more of a practical concern. Migrating the government to Linux and using a free mail infrastructure would be cheaper (saving money in the long term, instead of costing), easier, and way more effective than using a non-standard internal email protocol and keep using Windows everywhere. Why bother when Microsoft still has access to all your data? About using that proprietary protocol AND migrating to a free software environment, that could be better than just migrating, or worse, depends of the actual quality* of the protocol. But while the government frames it as a XOR option, migrating to an open stack is the only sane option. * The fact that the protocol isn't public isn't good, the fact that it's Serpro creating it makes this worse - they've already done quite a few bad decisions about security. A question from someone that'll probably have to start using it soon: Can you back-up your emails in a way where the central IT of your place can't delete them? The (brazilian) government is the maintainer of the software. Why would it require an audit? Thanks, that's a relief. I was afraid there were other reasons to push the system. It's great that I was wrong :) Ok, maybe I should rephrase that. Who would do an audit? Because the obvious candidate is Serpro, but they are already developing it. Anyway, it's open source, so if any part of the government (military maybe, ABIN, or some university) thinks that it deserves an audit, it can simply do it, no need for formalization. Thus, if it's happiness, success has no root at all in the objective reality, but is completely subjective ... What is quite a hard thing to say, but sounds completely logical. And yeah, I'm removing the subject's brain from my definition of "objective reality". If I don't do that, "subjective" would be meaningless. I don't even read units at the press anymore. I developed some kind of blindness that, when I see a unit all the information I gather is a label from the set {SI, meaningless}. Well, a million years is about 5 times the lifetime of our species. Whoever will be reinventing our knowledge will probably be so different from us that this discussion won't make any sense anymore. A few thousand years ago, somebody probably asked "How will people of the future be able to tell histories once we paint over all the rocks?" For some reason non-tech people think desktop applications are always hard to create, and web sites are always simple. Well, I can really say what it should be... But I put one-liners in a function when the one-liner is hard to read or too error prone (missing a detail won't lead to a compiler error, but to a bug). I just though the exact opposite. When I read "Ransomware comes of age with ... anonymous payments." I just thought "Somebody is going for a surprise once he finds out how anonymous Bitcoin really is". Anyway, what really makes me nervous is Microsoft's insistence of executing any data that a their programs touch. > the original files would be written to location that is read only to the user and only accessible via the OS A versioning filesystem looks much cleaner than a different location. Maybe we should start using those again. (Is there any candidate for ext5 already?) And yes, partitioning the data permissions for the same user is a much needed change. Nobody got a solution for that yet, and there are lots of people trying. Apple, for example, is just giving up on iOS; Google has a subpar solution on Android that does not actually work on practice (the cyanomod people did improved it a bit) but is the closest we have from something viable. In about any corporation you look, crucial data will be in a Windows server (no ZFS available, sorry), and backed up on intervals that are some integer multiple of 24 hours. Or, better, the above is the best case scenario that IT dreams of achieving some day. In practice, a huge share of the crucial data sits on people's machine, with no backups, and go on vacation every year. Or the police could just investigate the wallet, because it there is a feature that Bitcoin does not have, it's anonymity. I'd try it in a virtual machine just in case. That means you missed all the fun with k7 tapes? That's a property of quantum computers (but as people already explained, it's not that simple), why do you want classical computers to behave the same way? Or, in a short answer, no, no relation at all with that. There are two main issues with that argument (they don't completely invalidate the argument, but you should be aware of them): 1 - Most of that R&D cost is created because companies must create small differences between their products, requiring new tests. That is, if patents were absent, the society would need to spend a much smaller sum for the same gain. 2 - The pharmaceutical industry isn't an unbiased party of that research (quite obviously) and thus it isn't the ideal party for administrating it. But, like I said, it does not invalidate the argument. Those issues also don't have an obvious solution (as far as I can see), but they exist. > Do you know why 3D printing is finally taking off? The patents are starting to expire. That same history happened with almost every technology since patents existed. Some quite famous examples are the steam engines, electronic valves, and airplanes. It's an easy to spot pattern, new tech just takes off only a patent length interval after it leaves the labs. That alone is not evidence that patents are bad. But coupled with the fact that most of those techs were concurrently invented by several people (who often got bankrupt, because they couldn't sell their inventions) it becomes very strong evidence. Wow. If you tought a memory stick pretending that it's a keyboard was a serious enough problem, just wait untill somebody thinks loading random drivers from the device (or the web!) is a good idea. It will happen, that's a near certainty. Some day, somebody will think that's a good idea, and since it's easy, the scheme will get widely used. Well, federal government worker here too, but not on the US government. Those rules are there because a malicious worker can cause a huge amount of damage. They are a pain (one entity I worked once spent about $15k (in people time) contracting $100 worth of ssl certificates, in a process that took more than a year (so, no certificates for the site during a period), we were forbiden from contracting the service for more than a year... and the contractor was another governmental entity. The rules are maddening, but they are necessary for a democracy. The problem is that governmental IT is out of place. The government will never be competent in contracting software development - the only known tool that works in keeping government contracts honest is auctioning, and agile is simply not compatible with auctioning. The only possible way out is by doing IT in-house. > folks like RedHat combined the GNU userspace with the Linux kernel Once Linux was good enough, RMS himself set Hurd aside, put the Linux kernel into the GNU project that he started, and (almost literally) declared mission accomplished. It wasn't folks like RedHat (that only came years later), the developers of Hurd were the first to kill it. But then, since Hurd has quite an interesting architecture, people keep developing it, like dozens of OSs out there that'll never get anywhere, but are fine with that. > The government ... kept making requirements changes So, just like every client every developer ever had? That kind of solution is part of the problem. Resistent bacteria are normaly outcompeted by non-resistant ones, except when there is antibiotics on the enviroment. As a consequence, the mere act of keeping something always sterilized (as well as possible) helps the resitent bacteria growth. But, of course, you can't avoid keeping a hospital sterilized. Maybe the solution is to have the procedure in a place that is a hospital. You'd want some environemnt that isn't shared by other sic people, and is only sporadically sterilized. Yep, I have no idea how to actualy do that. There are all kinds of issues, but I'd guess that you can solve nearly all of them with tech. Well, you can. You just have to bill them based on results (communicated as a set of benefits for them), not time. That's because Perl does not have arrays. You've been using hashes. In practice, Perl is not expected to be fast, so I don't think there's any difference. Well, they aren't synonymous in Ruby. It's [p,q] operator is also not intuitive for me. But then, "not intuitive" just means I'll spend a few minutes more learning the language because of it (except in C++, where it means many hours). The iPad is the pinnacle of the marketing job of making people forget everything that came before :) But, seriously, Haskell, for example, is quite practical (better than the imperative languages) for a big set of applications. One problem is that people want a language to rule them all - and that language can only be imperative; the other problem is that people don't want to learn different things, and a new paradigm is as different as you can get in programming. That makes everything else unpopular. If so, we are doomed. The set of non-programmers that can competently think about formal rules is getting smaller by the day. And it'll only decrease as long as computation remains relevant. Not the author, obviously... You mean the photo? It's an img with a border radius and a shadow. Well, maybe the bill is completely different from the commentary, but there is nothing at the article that is specific against NPEs. > It's that when tablets hit the scene, people realized they don't need their PC for 90% of what they do on a "computer". That's exactly what I see everywhere. People still need a PC for the 10% of the tasks they can't do on a tablet. So, they'll keep a good enough PC around all the times. What is a different situation from a few years ago, when people were buying a PC for each family member. Now, it's a tablet for each person, a PC for each home, and spare space at the desks. > I truly wish someone was set to keep building something for the hobbyist I really don't understand your concern. Hobbists have a wider selection of computing tools than ever before (altough, that statement was true at any time since the 50's). We have the entire arduino ecosystem for hardware hobbists, throwaway PCs like the Raspberry Pi for embebbing real computers everywhere, several different standards of desktop-capable parts for more powerfull systems, and the server ecosystem for the real beefy ones. Most of those computer types aren't even able to run Windows or OSX. iCloud and Secureboot won't make them go away. We are going in the oposite direction of #2 for at least a decade. Nowadays a motherboard has almost all the periferals you'll need in a typical PC, and at the ARM world (that is more flexible) we are getting into the periferal-less single chip CPU that has only a power supply and I/O pins for display, USB and network. That's a natural step because connectors are expensive, power hungry and bulk. As computers get inexpensive, upgrading makes less sense, so it makes less sense to pay more for an upgreadable system. Hobbism is not trendy* nowadays. There is nothing aimed at hobbists for sale at any big retailer. It's not a problem with computers. * Well, there is a perfectly rational reason for that, and it is not really a problem for hobbists. But that's the fact. AD looks more like the addition of puppy, a yellow pages solution, and a mail settings wizard. I'm sure there are other features too, but I don't see people using them. Linux has nothing like that. In part that's because: - It's far from consensus that a puppy-like system is the best way to manage the settings of all your computers, including desktops. Linux has plenty of other tools for managing multiple computers, and almost nobody uses only one. - Really, what was MS thinking when they joined email configuration with the desktop settings management? (And ntp, dhcp, and etc?) AD imposes a lot of restriction on how one must organize his services, and just a tiny minority would be content with something like that on Linux. - There are plenty of yellow pages solutions that people like more than LDAP. I don't know, and one can't even try. (Really. Read the EULA.) And if you decide to ignore everything and try it, you can't discover if it's faster than native Windows either, nor compare it with Postgres. Yep, and now that it's happening, it's a cloudy number because MS cut the price when changing from 7 to 8. Well, the price cut is another symptom of decreasing market appeal. But it does make the number less useful. > security by obscurity is never a good layer by itself but part of a larger "onion" it can be helpful. That's ok. Just don't pretend that you are getting anything worthwhile from that policy. All you get is a 10 bit door, added (not multiplied - so, it does not increase your overall security) to whatever security you already had. In computer security, people normally consider anything with less than 64 bits worthless. A 10 protection can be brute-forced by hand. As humans work, changing that port is a clear indicator of an admin that didn't care about avoiding the less secure modes of SSH. If you are looking for obscurity, I'd consider a non-standard port (and concern about bots) to be a huge flag announcing "This system is exploitable". Anyway, those 0.999999 that don't scan the ports are doing lame attempts of guessing the password of your box, while the 0.000001 is doing that, but also trying new exploits that have a chance of working. As a consequence, the chance of one of those 0.999999 bots invading your computer is zero, the chance of one of the 0.000001 doing the same is non-zero. When you set the system to use keys, all those attempts at accessing just don't happen, and the log does not get polluted. Since the log pollution is the main complaint of people that change the port, I think you are wrong. Yes, in a sense those things are mutually exclusive. You can get in a network by VPN or SSH. Yes, after that you can also log into a computer by SSH, but the question remains - why access the network by VPN instead of SSH? Or maybe it happened because the CEO or somebody got burned out by the Brazilian Government. Unfortunately, that's about as likely as some random person getting a specific prejudice against us. Exactly like the buyer. > what's the actual detection rate for viruses and malware? It's a surprizingly hard to answer that. The set of virus change every day, and is always unknown. > most of AV detection is still based around hash matching. Things are not that clear cut here either. The most usefull matching is hash based. Anti-virus also use other algos, they are just less reliable. I answered no for Windows, Linux and other (Android). (Yes, I assume "Linux" == "GNU/Linux".) Is there any good real-time AV available? For any kind of system? I like the idea of the newpapers of manufacturing a huge lie that proves that they can be trusted. > I couldn't imagine doing the same in the far out suburbs. Well, I don't know the US suburbs, but as a rule, the smaller the place, the easier it is to know people. Creating a pure enough crystal and cutting it in the right format was once very expensive. There was a time when all the clocks relied on mechanical timers, and a MW sized electrical generator is more stable than anything you can put at your living room. #3 In his foot, I'd be paranoid against a governemnt declaring me some kind of enemy or terrorist. By the otehr side, not firing can completely mess up a small company, but nobody ever likes doing it. People repeat a lot of "mantras" that say you should do something contrary to human nature (fire fast, get shit done, speak in a lot public, try to falsify your hipotesis). They are very important, as human nature dictates the default action every time, we need to be constantly reminded that the default may be wrong, and that we should stop and think about it. But then, stupid people exist, even if they are stupid just a small fraction of the time. And those people will make stupid decisions. There is no procedure, environment, or technique that solves "stupid". > 2013 will surely become the year of the Linux desktop There's still a non-zero chance that this one come true. It does not fit well within the others. It will also reduce the lifetime of disks, making the best case near the average. That may not be much of a problem for medium and large business, but small business and consumers won't like the trend. Nah... It should give you even more energy than you put on it, how can it be expensive, instead of a wealth source? Maybe we should should put some more money into helium creation research. They also must eat something... I still expect them to do some kind of photosynthesis, just like lichens, and that would explain their height. Our homes are different from what people build at the US, but at least here, leaking water is normally located at the walls. You'll have plenty of evidence of a leakage (like destroyed painting and bad smell) much before it reaches the floor. Most languages call those situations by the name "runtime error", that is, when it is even possible that they happen at runtime. Now, I understand that javascript runs in a completely different kind of environment, and it does have the liberty of making things differently, up to a certain point. But making '' == 0 true may be a bit too far.. And making [1] == 1 true is clearly too far. I play (the old) Starcraft quite well on Linux. Probably, nothing changes untill we start communicating with them, what may take a while. If we start feeling less significant, well, list that in the benefits... But I doubt it'll happen. Rationaly, we should start looking hard for the explanation to Fermi's Paradox. Since it's not in our past, it must be in our future, what's very bad. But we are not rational, so we probably won't. There are several GUIs for version control software out there, Tortoise deserves a mention, but there are others if you don't like it. For Django, all you need is a portable Python installation, and a start script for starting the development server, isn't it? > Tons of counterfeit cigarettes cross the border between Paraguay and Brazil, and that funds crime syndicates. A legal and regulated product. Yep, that's true (or maybe it's some illegal drug, but statistics on those aren't very reliable). Now just imagine what would happen if the entire brazilian tobaco market consisted of trafficked products. How big a mafia could you sustain with 10000 times more money? Anyway, that question nowadays is completely academical, as Brazil currently hosts a single big mafia, that takes it's toll whatever economical activity happens here. The brazilian postal service claimed ownership of our postal codes a few years ago... Except that by our laws, nobody can claim ownership of data (you can't copyright, patent or trademark it). But the State has no reason to care about such mundane things, like laws. By the way, here it's about $2,000/year, and if you sign the contract, you agree that the postal service owns the data. Or you can look at the internet for somebody that published it for free, and use it legally without a contract. > given a 20 year lifespan for most patents From what I've read, in the US a patent is valid until 20 years after it is granted, retroactive to the date that it's filled. That can be a 40 years interval, or more, if the USPTO don't do it's job well (and I know of patents that did go over 30 years). More realistic, device manufacturers understand that seeing a judge long enough to know his opinion (whatever it is) is more expensive than paying the protection racket. Are we seeing some results or is that just because fossil fuels are harder to get (read - more expensive) nowadays? Now that they did catch on fire, and the fire was suppressed every time, and everything was just ok... Well, now I'm beginning to trust electrical cars. But they still are too expensive for me. Yes, latex and cotton are biodegradable. 3D printed teflon and polyamide would be great, those are excellent materials with plenty of applications beyond clothing. > And Most applications need "man in the middle" services anyway For all instant communication (VoIP, chat, file transfer, setting your thermostat), a man in the middle schema is a hindrance. The communication where you publish, and then somebody reads data need a man in the middle. If your thermostat does not have a public IP, you must buy it as a service, and it'll never really be your property. One can live with that in a thermostat (but let's not pretend it's a good thing), just think twice before automating more of your home... First, it's not Debian derivatives. It's a specific derivative that, unfortunately, can not be named. Then, It is a bit paranoid, but Debian people work very har to clear their distro from any IP risk, and writting down the name of that distro that can not be named is now a risk. > there's a clear difference between a site critical of Ubuntu using their name in the domain and their logo in the header image versus a passing remark in documentation or code. IANAL, but as far as I understand US law (it's crazy, but everybody needs to learn it nowadays), the first use is explicitly permitted, while a passing citation in documentation is a more nebulous issue. Mined sapphire is not useful for using as a lens as you can't purify it - it must be made pure. I guess, it would happen the same thing that happened to the papers and pen at the gloves compartment. Eh, sorry, but geology is full of theories that were (and are) later tested, most getting discarded after the testing, and a few holding up and being accepted as true. Just like any science out there. Do you know of any macroeconomical (because, really, that's all about macro) theory that was discarded since Keynes become mainstream? It's worse. No line of /proc/meminfo has that value, and since not all of the cache can be instantly discarded (I didn't know that), I don't see any combination of them that would help. That sentence: > There are no downsides, except for confusing newbies. Just isn't true. There is the downside that we can't know how much memory is available. I understand this is a complaint about Google. It won't help you find pages that cite a problem when a diffrent, but similar problem is too popular. I've seen that happening several times, but I'm not the GP, so I may still be missunderstanding him. The exponentiate function is in linear time, so it's O(n). Too bad, it could be O(log n)... It's slower than the mathematician's, and does not handle all error cases. No wonder it looks cleaner. How interesting. Isn't there a requirement to mark every publication of a patented idea? Did Microsoft just invalidated those patents? (Do they even know what patents apply?) > Proper statistical analysis would help you there. Yes, if you know the probability distribution. If you don't know the distribution, you can not calculate your confidence, and thus can not do a proper statistical analysis. And, guess what, nobody knows the probability distribution of hard drive failures. That's exactly what they are trying to find out. As long as you are talking metaphorically, yes, I agree. But there is a certain amount of danger that they'd better avoid. And, the best way to avoid danger is by learning the safety procedures. That kit could be used to make the world much safer (and more interesting) for them, but one can't just give the kit to kids, and letting them loose. You don't need to try things to make a choice. That's why we have theory. Try something like "Government has outsized power to change economical outcomes, and punishes sustainable decisions hard, making any rational person choose the viable unsustainable ones. People that make unsustainable decisions (everybody still in the game, as the government destroyed everybody else) can't sustain themselves for long, and routinely face deep crisis". I guess that's a bit longer, but more clear. Things would be less bad if just one unlucky event in a crisis wasn't enough to destroy the entire life of somebody, but it is, so we must play russian roulette every few years. Anyway, I'm quite sure reducing the government intervention will replace this problem with something worse (that we can check on history books), thus the solution has to come from some other kind of change. Up to now, I've never considered personaly buying a development environment. Now I can say the idea is kind of disgusting - imagining my development tools evolve into silos, like happened with social interaction and portable apps. I guess I know exactly how much I'd pay. Is there? Are you sure about that? Depends on the kind of bribe. On this specific case, I'd blame both, but it's not a universal rule. The difference is that software is always in an environemnt where any small deviation from the "common sense" approach can lead to disastrous consequences (intentional or not). Whatever problem you are solving, if you don't try k-means before spending a huge amount of programmer and computer time on more complex algorithms, you are doing it wrong. Just as most programming is CRUD, most machine learning in practice is k-means or linear models. And everything I said is just wrong, before there is no check for living the restricted area. [EDIT: All that is wrong, because there is no check, and the doors always open] Every place I've ever seen one of those doors, when you can't return, you can always go forward, when there is some check, and you may not be able to go forward, you can always return. I guess, the police would be able to legally create a silo that may detain you, but nobody else can (at least on most democratic countries, I'm not sure about the US specifically). Currently, meat serves the important function of regulating the supply of cereals. When there is overproduction, the grain producers can still sell for meat producers, not going out of business. Where the production reduces, meat producers sell thiner (and sometimes younger) animals, freeing more grains for human consumption. Left alone, grain consumption is extremely inelastic, and production is extremely variable - not a good combination. But yes, it's not that hard to create other mechanisms for regulating that market, even world wide. Team-sized open plans look interesting. Even better if there is plenty of private space (like meeting rooms) available for people never using all of them... But that arranjement is unstable - the meeting rooms won't survive office politics - much better to have private offices for everybody, with an open "patio" shared by the entire team where you could work if you want (yes, I did keep the arranjement, just changed the names). As an afterthought, now that phones are all VoIP, are there WiFi endpoints available for sale? You don't clamp down anything. Are those people productive? If yes, you keep them, if not you warn/fire them. And the same kinds of people thrive in different types of environments at different times. It's almos like we need both. > Also, there's only one nation in the world called "America," That's going way off topic, but I couldn't resist. I can't find such nation in the globe. And the continent is called "America". There is even one country that formed by the union of several smaller ones that calls itself "United States of America" because it's located at this continent called "America". Well, it's not from a script in his page, because it does not work with me. It must be from a 3rd party script, but there are so many of them that I'm simply not curious enough to discover wich. Anyway, that blog is hosted on a 3rd party service, owned by an ad company. It's not that easy to blame him for what the service does. (Does Mish even know that blogger inserts ads there?) And that's maddening. If I want to search some english terms, the easiest way to get meaningfull results it by tunneling my query through some computer at the US. Google just assumes that everybody can only speach one language, and is only intersted in one country, even when explicitly told otherwise. > I seriously cannot understand the lasting attachment people have for $400 plastic devices It helps to have a phone that is not the computer you are working on. At least for me that excludes any tablet I have on hand (if I have it nearby, there's probably something there that I should read). I didn't think about using smartphones - bring your own SIP endpoints for work, could be nice. A shell made in a pure functional language... It does not look apealing (the main use of a shell is to create side effects), but I'll sure try it. Don't compare a fluorine dopped metal with the kind of composts this guy talks about. Thate are plenty of "not that bad"* ways to deal with the element, and it creates quite inocuous ionic structures. * There are plenty of receipts with things like "...now heat your pure sulfuric acid over 300°C, until it becomes a gas...". Just throwing fluoridric acid over a metal is that kind of "safe". No misunderstanding. I know Haskell, and I do like it. But monads (each one) are better constrained to a small part of your code, otherwise you negate all the power you gain by declaring the side effects. And the entire point of a shell is to do IO all over the place. Nope. The reason some people hate the US is because the country interferes (up to the point of overthrowing governments) with the entire world. Yeah, it can be argued that there is some kind of problem with people more prone to hating than to actually dealing with the problem. But there is no excuse to think the reason that they target the US any other than them destroying their country. It's funny how Intel and Microsoft were the ones calling for the Internet of Things all the time, and now that we are finally building it, they have no product fit for it. In principle a bomb detonator is a custom piece of electronics, as a consequence, airport security has a problem with different electronics circuits. I fully acknowledge that "custom" and "different" are not equivalent concepts, but well, that's the rationale. Yes, there are hundred of thousands of FRAND patents that will cost "only" a small percentage (1%-5%) of the product's selling price to license each. Anyway, no, the patents don't stop you from making a phone for yourself. Nobody will sue you if you do that. I got the impression that we both read completely different articles, because nowhere in it I see EWD saying that mathematicians or scientists should think by means of formal methods... That doesn't even make sense, since formal methods are a way not to think. What he states is that computers are a "formal method applying machine" (a conclusion you seem to share), and that for competently using it, one must know formal methods. And, honestly, I can't imagine how one can disagree with that. (And that was the fate of EWD, he saw all the patently obvious problems of computing science that somehow everybody was ignoring, and communicated them, just to be called a crazy radical at first, and "duh, of course it's right, tell me something not obvious next time" later.) > Jesus, could he be any more smug? Funny that I think that statement is extremely humble. > Another way to say near-tautology is "something that is true". Something that is true, but has a completely different meaning from what a naive reading implies. Your statement is only true if we include the extrema at the "somewhere in the middle" interval. Like Kickstarter and those other similar ones? Looks like we already started on that path.