I don't think anyone has trademarked the name. I don't have it registered and it doesn't show up if I search for it either. I can't say I implemented much but I did design out what I'd like to build (in a dated notebook) and pitched the idea a bit to get feedback. I didn't acquire anything (domain, handles, etc) with the intent of a shakedown (nor is it on my mind at all). I can tell from the domain registration dates that they registered their alternative name after me. My immediate reaction to seeing the competitor was validation, "whoa somebody else had the same idea as me... I guess it's not terrible!" I do really like the name (it's fairly catchy). I think a part of my attachment to the idea comes from that. At the very least it the catchiness keeps it in my mind. Greece has a massive annual deficit before counting interest on existing debt. Beyond defaulting on their existing debt they need to make large structural changes to their fiscal policy for recovery to be sustainable. Otherwise their borrowing costs would be beyond junk. Put it this way, if you make $100k per year and spend $160k, and you have no assets, what bank is going to give you a loan? What's the point of promises being part of ES6? I understand them and use them quite a bit. I just don't understand why they're in the language spec. They don't add anything new to the language ( vs say generators or symbols ). Is it purely for performance? > A modern "new deal" for elder care would also do the trick.. Oh please no! Boomers have already pillaged and mortgaged the futures of the youth enough already. The last thing we need is for them to stick it one more time with a new set of unpaid indefinite obligations. For a simpler approach, just give everybody $X (00 or 000?) either one off or repeatedly. It's as progressive as it gets and at least some youth will benefit. I don't think you have access to the actual private key file so this would be restricted to AWS services like an ELB. With letsencrypt you have the key file as well so you can use it for securing any type of connection (not just a load balancer front end). Is there a way to track uptime across kexec[1] restarts? That way you could differentiate between a hard reboot and "soft" one (ex: automated kernel upgrade). Having a system like that working for a 18 years would be insane! [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kexec That's still broken. They've just pushed the problem deeper. Now instead of having a timing attack on the number of operations in the compare, the timing attack is pushed to the number of bytes that is hashed by sha256. Also, this opens up a new avenue in that now hash collisions (as unlikely as they may be) would be considered equal. > OpenSSL provides the option SSL_OP_SINGLE_DH_USE for ephemeral DH (DHE) in TLS. It is not on by default. If the option is not set then the server reuses the same private DH exponent for the life of the server process and would be vulnerable to this attack. It is believed that many popular applications do set this option and would therefore not be at risk. Shouldn't that be "... do NOT ..."? Edit: Nevermind the double negative got me. Setting the option (which is not on by default) mitigates the issue and they're saying many apps do set it. > Could you imagine if oil prices went up and suddenly that $0.50/gal tax disappeared overnight? Great point. This is the same thing that's happening now with tobacco taxes and lottery revenue. Tax money is fungible so the repercussions will cascade beyond the original programs the money would be allocated to. > So labor should just take whatever management and politicians feel like giving them like obedient little servants? They can choose to work in the private sector. Nobody is forcing them to work for the public sector. > How has that worked out in the past? Do we feel that the civil service is sufficiently isolated from rapidly changing political pressures to ensure the rights of workers and to avoid the inherent issues involved in political control of a large group of government workers? The alternative is that public sector unions funnel money to career politicians. The latter are signing checks using other people's money (i.e. the tax payers) and it's in their (the politicans') interest to give in to union demands as they get a voting block come election season. It's interesting that this time around the bids didn't bottom out at the min. All but one are in the $300-$500 range. The first time they tried this the winning bid was one (1) dollar[1]. [1]: https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/11/06/micro-purchase-lessons/ Is there any more info or examples (demo, video, etc) of Magic Leap available anywhere? Every article has the same "mini elephant in hands" picture. I've never seen anything else. echo "deb http://repo.logdna.com stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/logdna.list sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install -y --force-yes logdna-agent sudo logdna-agent -k 6a7b7c622290d1a49bbe5a94dc6828d Haven't tried this yet but the install instructions don't include adding a GPG key. Instead it has the option "--force-yes" which I believe skips that check. That would work for the initial install but wouldn't it complain down the road when you try to update the package? > Being bilingual is just another proxy for a middle class or higher upbringing. ... or you could be raised by immigrants who continue to speak their mother tongue at home while the children learn English (or whatever else is the primary language) via TV/School/Public. There's nothing higher upbringing about retaining your parents' culture. If anything, it's more associated with lower class families. I don't see homemaker (i.e. housewife, stay at home dad, etc) on there. I wonder if it's because it doesn't rank high enough or just wasn't included in the data set. I'd imagine that the higher paying jobs would lean more towards a single income household. > Probably because that's not tracked as a profession beacuse it's not really one. Anyone who thinks being a homemaker is not a profession has no clue what it entails. If you consider a couple as a single unit, it's simply optimizing by specialization. When you look at the cost of baby-sitting/nannies it makes a lot of sense too. Why make $40K extra if I'm going to spend $35K on a nanny? > You are tracked by what you actually learned. No you're tracked by what your current position is. I'm pretty sure that office assistants who studied literature are still tracked as office assistants. > People become stay at home mums/dad in the relationship, not before. Exactly and this data represents a set of married people, not a set of jobs. If it doesn't include homemaker as an option then you've excluded all married single income households. > The official policy from schools lately has been "zero tolerance" for violence, meaning if someone hits you and you defend yourself, you get suspended for just as long as they do. While I think most would agree that endorsing violence is generally bad, I'd advocate children defending themselves in that type of situation. It's not the only thing to do (someone needs to call an adult/teacher/etc) but if kids are penalized for coming to the aid of a fellow in need, what less are we teaching them? [1] > It's set up to let the school wash their hands of any responsibility, but without having to have an uncomfortable "Your kid is an asshole who keeps starting fights" / "My kid is a perfect angel and I'm suing you for suspending him" conversation. > It's not designed to solve the victim's problem, it's designed to make it not the school's problem. Bingo. That's the issue with a lot of these so called solutions to social problems. They only solve the legal problems of the org where they're taking place. [1]: Spoiler: The lesson is don't get involved in other people's problems. You missed this equally sparkling gem (emphasis mine): "The most obvious revenue stream could come from ‘ad words’, where a Giphy search could turn up sponsored content based on what the user was looking for. If it worked for Google, there’s no reason why it wouldn’t work for Giphy , and founder and CEO Alex Chung hinted on the phone that this would likely be the main source of revenue for Giphy when it decides to flip the switch." I don't want to see homeless people, drug deals, vomiting drunks, or pantless vagrants on my commute to work either. Does that make me heartless? I would hope not because otherwise these problems are not going to be solved. You need people who do NOT want to see that kind of crap on a daily basis to do something about it. How much does it cost? (I don't see any pricing information on your website) Is the business model taking over the management of on site SaaS applications? If so, what's the difference between this and outsourcing maintenance (i.e devops) of your application to a third party? var array = []; client.addListener('message', function (from, to, text) { var time = Math.floor(new Date() / 1000); var obj = { nick: from, message: text }; var item = '\"' + time + '\"\:' + JSON.stringify(obj); array.push(item); fs.writeFile(file, '{' + array + '}\n', function() { // console.log("updated"); }); }); This will buffer all the messages in memory (in the variable "array") and rewrite the file on every message. Besides the lack of atomicity mentioned in another comment, that's also really inefficient and will eventually run out of memory. Plus 1000 incoming messages will lead to 1000 sequential rewrites of the same file! > I like how the articles specifies men's sperm as opposed to women's sperm. Although that does bring up a point about whether someone should research the effect on corresponding female parts. Where did you go to school and what exactly do you think is "woman's sperm"? Do you mean her cache of eggs? > Certificate Transparency-style public ledger for all firmwares that Apple has signed. Refuse an update if the firmware version has not been published to the ledger. This would make these backdooring attempts public, since we can assume people would watch the ledger and ask questions in case of an unknown version being published. That's seems like a fantastic idea but without open source firmware I don't see how it could be enforced. Maybe a stupid question but is there a publicly hosted GitLab that provides free repo space (and the usual pay for private repos) or is it only self hosted? Ok I didn't see that. The rest of the copy on the (particularly the pricing page) seems to indicate it's only local. If I'm reading the pricing copy correctly, the contracts themselves are free and invoicing service charges $1 per invoice. Is it possible to be profitable (in a successful startup sense, not casual/bootstrapped/side project sense) at that low level? Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see a lot of room for revenue growth here. I'd figure that the average freelancer as a handful of contracts a year so you're looking at $10-20/year per customer. I'm not saying the idea itself isn't good. Anybody that's freelanced or done corporate invoicing knows the annoyingness of " We'll pay you within 30 days of deciding to pay you "[1]. Solving that problem would benefit a lot of freelancers. I just don't see this being a sustainable solution in the form that's being presented. [1]: Quote is shamelessly stolen from a patio11 comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9076590 Edited to add link to quoted comment Interesting angle. For a while I've wondered why nobody does a tech/startup version of "Company in a box". This looks like it's exactly that. Incorporation, payment processing, the works. Is Stripe getting a cut of the eventual revenue from the service providers that are providing the offerings? What's the incentive on their side? Or are they just hoping to scrape by on the transaction fee revenue (which are way less than people think they are because they pay out most of it upstream[1]). Also, what's the expiration on the $15K of AWS credits? The usual one year or longer? [1]: If you're wondering why just think about how you get " 1% cash back on all purchases! ". From my experience the difficult part of a FAQ isn't converting the questions and answers to rendered HTML, it's writing the content itself. > Why shouldn't all service providers benefit from the tax break? Is it ethical to give a tax break that unfairly gives one corporation a competitive advantage against another? They should. As the law is written there's nothing wrong with what Comcast is doing. There's no shame in taking advantage of tax breaks, whether by a large heartless corporation, a different large heartless corporation, or a small time individual. The answer to this isn't to rail on Comcast for taking advantage of tax breaks. It's to get lawmakers to fix the law by adding a price cap or equivalent on it so it has its intended purpose. > Crypto is math. Nobody can monopolize math. This is pretty damn close though: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illegal_prime Or in modern idiomatically insecure install scripts: curl http://bogus.example.com/install | sudo bash > Also interesting to note is that a lot of negative children statistics do not apply to single mother widows. Selection bias? The only way something like Gravatar works is by having something that's directly computable from the source email address (or whatever the identifying field is). Whether it's a MD5, SHA256, or whatever is irrelevant. Similarly having it be a salted (instead of the currently unsalted) hash wouldn't help anything. The salt would need to be public for separate web sites to reference the same avatar for the same email address. Short of authenticated requests to Gravatar (which again kills the point of how it all works), one alternative would be to make the computation function more expensive, either by performing multiple rounds of the hash function or switching to a "slow" hash function (ex: bcrypt or scrypt). The latter would require a fixed salt and wouldn't really work for the use case as it'd slow down any webpage that links to multiple gravatars to a crawl. The real issue here is that the email address space is fairly predictable. If you want HASH($EMAIL) to be unpredictable then instead of first.last@example.com switch to ~ [a-z0-9]{16}\@example\.com. While we're at it let's get rid of leap seconds. ... and switch the entire planet to a single timezone (UTC). ... and require everyone use the same text encoding (UTF-8). ... and pick a single format for separating fields in numeric fields (commas for 000s and dots for decimal points). Why bother supporting both MySQL and Postgres for the backend? Wouldn't picking one ( ~cough~ Postgres ) simplify things? From my experience, attempting to support multiple backend stores leads to either crippled functionality, i.e. lowest common denominator CRUD usage, or lots of messy if/then logic to use DB specific features. In the Wiener case he was sending the pictures of his crotch via SMS. There's no expectation of privacy from content that you've shared willingly, no matter how perverted the content. He didn't send it to his spouse, he sent it to non-spouse woman he was flirting with. It's not the channel of SMS that makes it fair game, it's that he explicitly shared it with a third person. It could have been a telegraph message, a voicemail, or a hand drawn picture. The point is that he publicly shared it. > Do you have an account recovery flow? Delete it immediately. Lol. Have fun doing this at scale for any consumer site. Like everything else in security, having a password reset/account recovery flow is a trade-off between security and convenience. For the vast majority of websites, convenience wins. I'm curious who the target market for this is. Any tech worth his salt wouldn't go near GoDaddy for even a domain registration. Who the heck would trust them to run cloud servers? I'm not saying they don't have customers. The advertise to non-techies and tons of non-techies use them as a registrar and mail host. I just don't see that same set of people running cloud servers. It's too low level. > Anyway, they can't do that, since the ACA has mandated that insurers spend at least 80 or 85% of premiums on health care costs since 2012. That part of the law is particularly terrible. It directly incentivizes keeping costs high as the profit of the insurer is a fixed (says max but that means exactly 15%) percentage of the gross. It's in their interests to have the price of everything go up! In the "office" pic of you two those monitors look low relative to your head/eyes though the posture is eerily familiar. Doesn't that hurt your back? > Increased property taxes for those who already own can force even long-time residents to move, regardless of whether they actually want to, simply because their home has suddenly and unexpectedly increased in value. That's not really an issue in California as property tax growth is fixed: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_(1... Cash poor home owners get "stuck" in their homes because if they sold and bought a new house, they'd have significantly greater property taxes. Theyre better off keeping the home and either living there or renting it out. > I wonder if it is because USPS Weekend delivery isn't the normal "route" person, and they just don't try to get into multi-unit mailrooms? I'm pretty sure they don't try to deliver anything at all. Every time I've had a Sunday order and everyone else that I know, it gets marked as either "Delivery Attempted" or sometimes "Delivered" without the package arriving. I've NEVER heard of anyone actually receiving a Sunday USPS delivery for an Amazon order on Sunday. Literally never! I think the Amazon/USPS deal has the latter paying a penalty for late/undelivered packages. It's possible that they don't have the resources to actually deliver the packages and lying (either from corporate or from the actual mail carriers) is the only way to cover their asses. > Like you said, we are willing to pay, but for about $7 per user we aren't getting much more than the free plan... In comparison to a free plan sure but in what real business is $7/user/mo too expensive for anything? That's less than an hour's minimum wage[1]. [1]: Technically it's quite a bit less as min wage in the U.S. is $7.25 and that doesn't include corporate payroll tax or medicare/social-security matching I'm no JS expert[1] but this doesn't look correct: # https://github.com/marlabrizel/genius-blocker/blob/master/lib/genius/blocker.rb#L11 var annotated = window.location.href.indexOf("genius.it/") != -1; if (annotated) { window.location.href = window.location.href.replace("genius.it/", "") } Wouldn't this match any instance of "genius.it" throughout the URL, not just at the beginning? For example it'd match " https://example.com/blog/how-to-block-genius.it" and redirect the user to a (probably) non-existent link with that string removed. [1]: I just play one on HN. > The whole Open Source community? Volunteer driven, donation funded projects? Non-Profit charities, mostly composed out of volunteers? None of those are businesses. Maybe I should have clarified but I meant a business as one where employees work for an organization that derives value from their work (say $A), the organization pays the employees some form of compensation ($B), and the expectation is that the value derived by each employee is more than the compensation (i.e $A > $B). In that model I don't see many places where ($A - $B) Bart: [through a bullhorn] Hey, Coast Guard! Try to stop us now, you lousy Americans. Coast Guard: [through a loudspeaker] We can't hear you! Come three hundred feet closer! Bart: Nice try. You're not going to nail us. Coast Guard: But we just want to party. Bart: Oh, really? Then play some rock music. [Man on cutter mimics the guitar riff from "China Grove"] Homer: [joins in] Come on, Bart! The Coast Guard's covering the Doobs! > Because if you're really running a business then any decision other than just paying the $200 to not have to think about certs more than one day every three years is probably not justifiable. From the same data I came to the reverse conclusion, having auto-renewing certs from LetsEncrypt is awesome. Combined with bog standard cron jobs you now don't have to worry about any manual intervention down the road. Compare that with creating a new key, creating a CSR, comparing SSL cert prices, getting aggravated at paying $10/year for 1ms of compute time (to sign the cert), grumbling to yourself, buying the cert, waiting for email confirmation, confirming domain ownership via insecure SMTP email, waiting for the cert to be issued, downloading a zip of the cert that somehow isn't the same name/format as your notes from last time, unzipping the zip file, figuring out the order for the cert chain, uploading it via SCP to your server, copying it over the old cert yet also accidentally keeping a copy of the cert/key in the default ubuntu@myhost home directory with 644 permissions, and finally testing it from your browser (only to find that you didn't send a SIGHUP to nginx so it's still providing the old cert). So yes, having to think about certs more than one day (the day I set it up) is not justifiable. PS: Why the hell are you paying $200 anyway? At most it should be $30, i.e. $10/year x 3 years. That looks more in line with wildcard SSL prices. Note: I wrote this up as a reply but the parent was deleted in the interim so posting at the top level instead. > Which server is this? A Whois lookup returned nothing. The whois command works on domain names, not IP addresses. To get the DNS name associated with an IP address you can try a reverse lookup: $ dig -x 185.100.87.84 Unfortunately that only works if the the reverse record has been set up and it hasn't in this case. You can still see where the server is located via tracepath: $ tracepath 185.100.87.84 [truncated] 12: lon-tel-01c.voxility.net 86.537ms asymm 16 13: buc-ird-01c.voxility.net 147.516ms asymm 17 14: buc-ird-27sw.voxility.net 136.914ms asymm 18 15: buc-ird-46sw.voxility.com 149.699ms asymm 18 16: 185.100.87.84 143.626ms reached So most likely the server is hosted on voxility.com which looks like an IaaS provider. Wow I didn't know you put IPs directly in there. If so, it returns back the ownership info of the IP from ARIN. Not quite the same as getting the contact info for a domain name but still quite nifty. Thanks! [emphasis mine] > A couple examples of little things they do that are clever and should be copied by everyone else: check your bag at the gate 30 minutes before boarding and you can board early ; a guarantee that your checked luggage will be in your hands 20 minutes after landing, or you get $20. Is that (gate check bag) for free? 20 minutes or $20 sounds like a great idea too. I had one of these on a key fob for an apartment building. I thought the exact same thing every time I saw the HID letters embossed on it. I have yet to find a use for Grunt that would not be better served with either a more modern replacement or, more commonly/simply/pleasantly, an older replacement like plain old 'make'. > There were clearly some very upsetting situations, but in nearly every case I could potentially see both sides of the equation. Nearly, sure but not all. From the article (emphasis mine): "A new big shot executive joined the company as our new CTO. He had no agile background and our company was transforming and pushing for a lot of agile principles at the time. Two weeks into his new appointment, the new CTO published an internal document titled “Controlled Chaos”. After reading the document everyone immediately realised that he was describing waterfall. The document was shared as a Google Doc and was open for comments, so people started asking hard questions. Weeks later, many of us who were vocal about his document were let go ." Asking for feedback and shooting the messenger(s) is pretty up there on the " How to make sure you never get honest feedback again and screw things over the long term " scale. Where/how do you house and query YC data? Formats, file types, databases, tools etc... > One excuse for pushing out older workers is that technology changes so fast that older people simply can’t keep up. Veteran coders don’t know the latest programming languages, but young ones do. This is bunk. There’s no reason why a 50-year-old engineer can’t learn a new programming language. And frankly, most coding work isn’t rocket science. There's plenty of reason why it'd be more difficult for a 50-year to learn a new programming language, here's a big one: time As people get older they have more time constraints and generally have "better ( or just other ) things to do". This is true for 30 vs 20, 40 vs 30, and probably 50 vs 40 (you could argue that as your kids get older you have more free time but then again people have kids at an older age now). A young person is more likely to be able to forgo those other things and learn the latest transpile-to-js-lang-of-the-week (v2.x). Sure, people need to be evaluated individually but if I interview 100 people I'd bet dollars to donuts that the older crowd would have less free time than the youngins. > This is a huge deal for folks outside the US. What makes you think you'll be able to stream this from an IP address outside of the US? Would non-ASCII data and escape codes have the effect of vim-injection[1]? [1]: Think SQL injection but with vim commands. ... but they still think they can keep cryptographic backdoors secret. /s From the article: > She believes that a decade from now, she expects to see “tons of women-founded unicorns." Tons? Remove the women-founded filter and it's still not believable. I don't think it's realistic to expects tons of unicorns in general. How many have there been (total) in the past 10 years? Does this support native modules and is it running on Linux 64? If so it'd be an interesting "hack" to have it run arbitrary code. You could have the default "npm run" script download a python/ruby/golang/foobar runtime and kick start an app on the expected port. > Services that do support client-side encryption (AeroFS, BTSync, SpiderOak, etc) seem to have other issues (Closed source client, poorly performing client, etc). As far as I know, Box's KeySafe also only claims that Box won't have access to your keys. They will still have access to your files (which is what the keys are supposed to protect anyway). I can't imagine anyone with any understanding of security being willing to use a closed source client to handle encryption. If you don't know how it's working, you don't know it's working. > What file sync solution do you use today? What kind of issues do you have with it? For servers, configs, and general "small stuff": tarsnap For big/static things: GPG + S3 For ultra private: pass + git on a private server No issues with any of these and all three are highly recommended. What's your business model? Will you be open sourcing the backend server? Why would anyone want to us this over the plethora of other choices for a persistent storage layer? Honestly, your example syntax doesn't look that appealing. I'm not saying SQL doesn't have its warts but if you're going to replace it, doing it at the language level integrated with a 4GL makes more sense (ex: like how rethinkdb rolls queries). Who's the target user for a new system like this, why would they use it, and why would they pay you? > Yeah. I think that's inevitable with an XML syntax. XML is good at some things, but representing math expressions clearly is not one of them. What is XML good at? (by good I mean better than alternatives like JSON, YAML, HAML, etc) The only thing I that might qualify is a long term/archival quality document format like ODF/OOXML. The inherently embeddedable nature of XML does seem like a nice fit but it gets very bloated very fast (deflated wrappers help though). Can anyone who's tried this out comment on the terminal? Does it have all the same issues as gitbash/cygwin/mingw/winpty (garbling, bad resizing, etc) or is there finally a decent local terminal on Windows? More of an ER modeler than a database designer. The interface is pretty slick/simple. Here's a sample I just cooked up: http://dbpatterns.com/documents/570699101514b428de8893a1 I can't imagine using it for anything real but it was fun to play with. If the creator is reading this, here's a bug report: If the user hasn't hit "Save" when they export the schema, they get an empty text file and they'll think the app is broken. It should either auto-save or prompt the user " You have unsaved content, do you want to save before exporting? " UPDATE: One more bug report, the export doesn't escape the columns names at all. It just naively adds double quotes around them. This breaks with double quotes in field names ( yeah yeah which is stupid but still.. ): CREATE TABLE "foo" ( "id" int, "baz" varchar(255), "bar" varchar(255), ""test"" varchar(255) ); If they add a "--download-over-tor" flag[1] this would be awesome. [1]: Yes we all know that it's not a good idea to download torrents and other large content over tor (for various technical and non-technical reasons) but it'd sure be convenient! Haven't heard of torify before but it looks cool. Does the app being invoked by it have to be able to use a SOCKS proxy or does it auto wrap all socket connections? In person. Anyone that's tried doing anything modern with Lamda is smiling as they read that subject line. Bye bye repacks! The sandboxing is interesting ... Each process is running in a directory on the same server. Also there's some files that are visible that probably shouldn't be, including one named "codechecker-android-release-key.keystore"... For the curious, try running the code block. You can uncomment/commment things out to see different results as there's a cap on the amount of stdout printed. import java.net.URLClassLoader; import java.io.*; import java.net.*; class Solution { private static void printFile(String path) throws Exception { System.out.println("File: " + path); InputStream in = new FileInputStream(path); byte buf[] = new byte[1024]; int len; while( (len = in.read(buf)) > 0 ) { System.out.write(buf, 0, len); } System.out.flush(); } final protected static char[] hexArray = "0123456789ABCDEF".toCharArray(); private static String bytesToHex(byte[] bytes) { char[] hexChars = new char[bytes.length * 2]; for ( int j = 0; j >> 4]; hexChars[j * 2 + 1] = hexArray[v & 0x0F]; } return new String(hexChars); } private static void printFileHex(String path) throws Exception { System.out.println("File: " + path); InputStream in = new FileInputStream(path); ByteArrayOutputStream out = new ByteArrayOutputStream(); byte buf[] = new byte[1024]; int len; while( (len = in.read(buf)) > 0 ) { out.write(buf, 0, len); } byte bytes[] = out.toByteArray(); System.out.println(bytesToHex(bytes)); System.out.flush(); } public static void main (String[] args) throws Exception { Class clazz = Class.forName("java.lang.ClassLoader"); URLClassLoader cl = (URLClassLoader) Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader(); System.out.println("Classpath:"); for(java.net.URL url : cl.getURLs()) { System.out.println("" + url); } File local = new File(""); System.out.println("Local path: " + local.getAbsolutePath()); System.out.println("Files:"); File root = new File("/"); String list[] = root.list(); System.out.println("# root files: " + list.length); //printFile("/etc/passwd"); printFileHex("/etc/codechecker-android-release-key.keystore"); System.out.println("# root files: " + list.length); for(String base : new String[]{ "/etc", "/bin", "/sbin", "/usr"}) { for(String name : new File(base).list()) { System.out.println(base + "/" + name); } } } } There's a lot of cases available for public defender and the standard bill rate ranges from $50-$100/hour. That easily covers a $10/case fee[1]. Assuming this will save the attorney 6-12 minutes of total time (over the life of the case) it's a net win for them. [1]: I'm making up the $10 number. No clue what pricing they'll be doing. Amen brother! Defined benefit plans without sinking funds are a time bomb across this entire country. What I really wish they'd do is abolish all defined benefit plans and instead switch to defined contribution plans. That way they'd be forced to pay them up front and couldn't defer the payment to the next generation. Otherwise whoever is in charge now gets to mortgage off the future by caving to demand after demand. If people want defined benefits then the private sector can meet in the middle and handle the conversion/risk transfer. It's a tough sell but long term it's better for the fiscal stability of the country. Wow this is seriously cool. Took a while of going through it and the links to Unicorn to understand what it was (your top level comment wasn't up yet). I think this snippet from your Examples section sums it up best: usercorn bins/x86.linux.elf usercorn bins/x86_64.linux.elf usercorn bins/x86.darwin.macho usercorn bins/x86_64.darwin.macho usercorn bins/x86.linux.cgc usercorn bins/mipsel.linux.elf I wonder if MSFT will include readline. There's been discussion of such a feature but AFAIK it's not implemented. If you consider a data warehousing situation where queries may run for multiple minutes (or longer!) adding a second of additional processing to come up with a better plan can be well worth it. The reverse situation is an OLTP plan where the query itself will execute in 1ms; additional planning time is pointless. A more complicated ( though if you ask me wayyy cooler ) approach is to spend X time units finding a decent plan, start executing the query, and then keep planning in the background. If you come across a much better plan and you're not done yet, switch to that plan instead. The MVCC semantics of Postgres would allow for this as the new plan would see the same data "as of" when the query started. Again this isn't implemented yet but has been tossed around. > The newly discovered evidence underscores the difficulty of maintaining trustworthy computer systems that do what they're intended to do. In this case, it took only one insider to defeat the auditing that the lottery system was required to undergo. It's not clear if officials have tightened the requirements to make future tampering harder. Wouldn't hurt to open source it too. It's not a silver bullet as you still need to ensure the build is stable and the final product is actually running that same code, but at least it gives the public something to eyeball. That plus separation of duties (develop/validate/deploy) delegated to separate people is as good as it gets. To get around that you'd need collusion across all the groups and if you've got that, you're totally screwed anyway. > It would seem open-source is not always advisable when it comes to sensitive information. For behavior models like risk ratings sure. A similar example is threat and fraud detection; if scammers know what you're checking it'd be easier to work around. In this case though the output is supposed to be a "fair" random number. If knowing how it's generated allows you to be able to predetermine it, i.e. exactly what the offender in this case did, then the code itself is bad and public eyeballs might find it. How about taxing wealth then? That way the 99.99% can reclaim back that money via mob rule. Because if there's one thing the world needs, it's paper with DRM. Question to the down voters: If you think this is a bad idea, how else do suggest we redistribute the pool of capital to something more evenly distributed? Oversimplifying a bit but the choices are either, 1) Tax income 2) Tax wealth 3) Seize wealth. Option #1 clearly isn't working as long term those with wealth (i.e. capital) grow their power, influence, and wealth further. Thus increasing the divide. Option #3 doesn't work because there's an inherent "unfairness" to arbitrarily seizing the assets of others. Option #2 has it's merits. Arguably a billionaire is getting a larger value from the security/tranquility of a peaceful existence than a pauper. Should the billionaire not pay more as a result? Think of it like negative interest rates but rather than doing it on just cash in the bank, it's on total assets. If I own a bunch of stores in a city, I arguably have more incentive to prevent riots and looting. What about non-land based wealth? Say an empire of digital services running on virtual servers in a data center owned by a service provider? Are there any closed source block chains? I've never heard of Juno before and it took some serious A-level googling to find their website. Only PR articles (like this one) show up when you search for them and none of them actually link to their site. That's some seriously odd SEO. The Java simulation would be just as fast as the C one in the median case. The two problems with it are that 1) the big bang would have taken forever to start up and 2) the universe would eventually skip a beat for a stop-the-world GC cycle. > "Use stored procedures instead" - in most use cases this is prolly a really really bad idea. This is a common recommendation. The basis for it is two fold, 1) You strictly define the inputs for your transaction as the parameters for the stored proc and 2) You have a single round trip from the app to the DB. For a complex transaction involving says 10 separate operations (insert X, query Y, update Z, ...) that's 10 network roundtrips that are saved. Add to that eliminating the transit of data from the DB to the app server. What's this crowd think of this idea for solving this problem? 1) Offer an option to opt-out of all automated account recovery. If set, no more email resets, support PINs, or similar. This would be targeted at people truly care about security and have no issue with "forgetting passwords" (i.e. you use a password manager and you're not an idiot about backups). 2) Offer in-person, manual recovery. To participate in this you'd need to pre-register with full contact details (name/address/etc) of the valid people who could use this feature. The person would have to physically come to the office of the company, present two (or more) forms of identification. To add further security, you could add a mandatory wait period between initiating a reset and it taking effect (ex: min 7 days). That way a combination of fake ids and social engineering could (in theory) be stopped by getting an alert that " You initiated a manual reset of your XYZ account. Did you actually do this?? " EDIT: For #2 you could also add a non-trivial fee (say $500) that would need to be charged and cleared in advance of the person showing up. Ha! That sounds like certain for-profit conferences. "You've been selected a speaker for our super elite conference! You can invite your friends to attend for the paltry sum of $XYZ. Oh and it'll also cost you $ABC..." Not quite as old (circa 1978) but TeX is still alive and well: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeX Fear not as we'll eventually track down these 13 people once we combine these disparate DNA data sources. They might not have identity information in this particular dataset, but if one finds that same sequence in another dataset that does have that information, it's not too hard to piece these together. Best part is that we don't even need it to be exact! We can look for their relatives instead and use that to narrow the search: http://fusion.net/story/215204/law-enforcement-agencies-are-... Are you against eating all animals or is there a cut off point of intelligence after which it stops being okay? Most of what is/isn't acceptable to eat is based on history and popular socially accepted practices, not whether people think their prospective dinner is intelligent. Pigs are more intelligent than dogs yet the latter are not eaten in the western world and I wouldn't want to live in a world without the (delicious) former. > Agreed with everything up until your last sentiment. I assume it was hyperbole, but it's still a ridiculous notion that without this specific food item (that currently requires harming other sentient, intelligent individuals), that life would not be worth living. I didn't say it wouldn't be worth living. I said that, given the choice, I'd rather live in a world with ham, bacon, and baby back ribs. > The part GP highlighted wasn't the museum, or restaurants, or the lake. It was the short commute to work. Slashing the commute from 1 hour to 10 minutes gives you at least 1 and a half hours more each day, or about 10% more life. If you count it in "time spent with the family"(subtract work hours, personal time and various other engagements), it's anywhere from 20-50% more time spent with the family. Is a house worth that much time? Well, it probably depends on the people. While true on paper here's what really happens to most people: 1) They spend the extra time working instead of what they would otherwise consider family/fun/relax time. 2) If buying a place costs X and renting costs Y, they end up spending (Y-X) frivolously and getting accustomed to that level of spending. If nothing else, owning a home tricks/forces/cajoles people into saving money. Sure you can argue, "I'll save the difference and invest it at Z% ... Win!" but that's not what the VAST majority of people will do. > The question tho is simply: Are they happier? Having done both (short and long commutes), I'd say yes, but only in the short term. There's a distinct joy in not taking any form of powered transit to work. You feel it with every step you take walking in the mornings. Eventually that joy wears off though as you realize that you haven't saved squat over the past N years and if that trend continues, you'll eventually get priced out of renting too! Pure guess (no affiliation to npm) but they're probably running it within a container to normalize the environment. If you read the docs it says they support both RHEL and Debian based distros (specifically Debian, Ubuntu, RHEL, and CentOS). By running in a container, all you need to set up on the host VM is docker. After that, the app itself is the same within containers on each of them. If you do it DIY then you can also use the same packaging for your on-premise deployment as well (i.e. no AWS). ECS etc are great but not everybody is running on AWS. I'd be more interested in seeing the distribution across submissions that actually made the front page. There's a daily deluge of articles from ars, techcrunch, nytimes, etc, so the (tons) of articles that do get to the top get penalized by the ones that don't. I don't think there's a flag for "hit front page" so might have to estimate that with a min point filter instead. How does using paxos compare to standard 2PC/XA transactions? Does this only work for append only unique data structures (ex: immutable log style)? It doesn't matter if they keep the money, donate it to their self run slush fund[1], or launder it through the Democratic Party[2]. The ethics issue is taking money from people who you're supposed to be regulating and misrepresenting your allegiances to voters. [1]: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_Foundation [2]: http://www.mahablog.com/2016/02/23/elaborating-on-the-dnc-cl... Are bash processes entirely hidden from the task manager or just not shown by default (i.e. similar system services)? What's the legal jurisdiction of the ISS? Is it split by country of origin of the separate modules? On a more comical note, I wonder if "worldwide copyright" applies after escaping the worlds atmosphere... Oh duh ... My mistake for writing as I think rather than after! From the article (emphasis mine): > “We have historically been contracted with Express Scripts as a retail pharmacy, which is what we’re licensed as in the state of New Hampshire”–where the physical pharmacy is located–”and they want us to contract as a mail-order pharmacy,” he explains. Though the retail-vs.-mail order question isn’t a legal one, traditionally pharmacies that dispense 30-day prescriptions with typical copays are considered retail, and those with 90-day prescriptions and discounted copays are mail-order. Although PillPack does mail its medications to patients (that’s a major selling point), everything else about the business model hews closer to the definition of a retail pharmacy . I would think mailing the meds to the customer is the defining characteristic of a mail order pharmacy. > Anyone know if the quoted cost of $0.04/GB for Transfer Acceleration is instead of the $0.03/GB for standard S3 ingress, or in addition to it? Ie. is the final cost per GB $0.07 or $0.04 when using Transfer Acceleration? S3 ingress is free. You're thinking of storage pricing. Don't forget the most important part: sudo make install Bug report for devs: 1) Edit a doc in tab A 2) Open same doc in tab B 3) Edit in tab B 4) Edit in tab A Result: changes in tab A are not saved and there's no notice/indication/error message. ... now bugs aside, why would I want to use a text editor that isn't local? Even assuming it works fine, what does this get me that $FAVORITE_EDITOR combined with the plethora of other sync methods (dropbox, google drive, onedrive, etc) get me? >> We have no retirement savings, because we emptied a small 401(k) to pay for our younger daughter’s wedding. > The author isn't mysteriously broke. Money is not being stolen from his account. Rather, he's spending a lot of money on things which he believes are necessities (like paying for a child's wedding), and sacrificing a lot of things which he believes is optional (like having retirement savings). Some would suggest both categorizations are wrong. Bingo. As much as I think of social security as a ponzi scheme, one thing I do like about it is that it forces people to contribute and they can't touch their contributions. Sure you might only get $.60 back for every dollar you throw in there but hey at least you'll get something. It's sad to say it, but the majority of people are not financially savvy enough to make sound decisions. Left to their own devices most people wouldn't save diddly squat, work till they're fired, then be destitute. And they probably won't have kids to take care of them anymore either because " Kids are expensive ... you can't afford that! ". Sure but that means I also have to create a github account and sign in there too. I have no interest in that. > These are not trips to Vegas with hookers and blow, but rather core human experiences, closely tied to the concept of "middle class" themselves, and not financial back-breakers for middle class families in the past. I have more respect for someone who blows all their money on "hookers and blow" ( or whatever their personal equivalent is ) than keeping up with the Jones. If you're gonna flush your wad of cash down the toilet, pick your own stall! What is snap? I can't find mention of it anywhere on the release notes page. Prior to clicking the link I really thought this would be about concussions in the NFL Baltimore Ravens. I chalk that up to a working "raise awareness" campaign. I bet you could solve this with ZFS and automatic snapshot creation for each new command. Want to undo the past N commands? Roll back to a previous snapshot! Bold is the man that tests leaked credentials against .mil domains. FYI, this is the same company that sues farmers for re-planting seeds that blew onto their land: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monsanto_Canada_Inc_v_Schmeise... I don't use the phrase "evil" often to describe corporations but Monsanto makes the cut. What business is it of there's how I ended up with it? If I didn't sign a license agreement then I can do what I want with those seeds. That includes planting them, spraying them with roundup, then planting the survivors. Their business model depends on farmers agreeing to licensing their seeds. Nothing says that those farmers have to agree to that. If those same seeds are available elsewhere, whether brought by the wind or just bought locally, a farmer who has NOT signed any sort of agreement can do whatever they'd like with them. > Your allegations miss a crucial detail, Monsanto sued farmers who planted seeds and then sprayed them with herbicide[1]. Ie the farmer knew what he was doing and used the patented trait. Why shouldn’t Monsanto sue over that? Like many things in GMO land the myth that they sue accidental contamination is wrong. I disagree that anything is wrong with doing that. The way I see it, he identified that a number of plants were resistant to RoundUp and efficiently figured out which they were. It's not his fault that Monsanto's business model fails to meet up with the reality that plants have plantable seeds. > Monsanto has the worst PR team in history, which has made my company’s work much harder, but ‘Monsanto is Evil’ is a marketing slogan developed by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth etc. These environmental groups are actually the true evil in the industry. Their campaigning has held back progress in the industry by many years. Smarter folks than me argue that their actions on Golden Rice meet all the criteria to be considered a crime against humanity[2] Friend of the earth ( lower case without a ™ symbol ) sure, but I'm no tree hugger. I'm not against GMOs and think Golden Rice is amazing. I just don't like the idea of imposing licensing restrictions on farmers. It's a dark road that we don't need to go down. > The entire legal concept concept of patents disagrees with you. I'll leave it an exercise to the reader on whether I agree with idea of patents on plants (or software). Running as root within a container means your still running as root on the host as well for the underlying process. If there's a security issue with containerization, you'll end up with root on the host. Running as a non-root user in the container is an extra level of protection and follows the principle of least privilege. I have no clue what the advantages of OSBoxes are but I know what like about Vagrant: being able to see how the box is provisioned Rather than having a VM be some magical preconfigured black box, I can peak at the Vagrantfile to see all the steps to convert a stock Linux host into a database/cache/MQ/xyz. From a security perspective it's much nicer too as one can reduce the level of trust to: 1) Do I trust the root box? 2) Do I trust the subsequent commands? Ha! My initial reaction at the combination of "Whatup" and .gov TLD[1] was that this is a government sanctioned WhatsApp replacement. [1]: That is before realizing that it's nasa.gov Oh I'm sure it'd have encryption. Heck it wouldn't even have any backdoors either. Only sidedoors ... Short of building/installing your own router how can a highly sensitive business protect themselves from things like this? Obviously you don't want to be running random vulnerable hardware that is never updated. But what else? I was thinking about having multiple layers ( security loves onions! ) with interchangeably components that you roll over at random. That way any given attack vector at one point might be mitigated by a different interface below it. Literally unplugging and plugging things in to shake things up. Paying for shill comments would probably be cheaper: https://xkcd.com/1019/ Not the best writing but it reads like a modern hardboiled[1]. Fun piece. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hardboiled > There will be kids showing off homemade spacecraft, Ebola test kits, and environmentally safe batteries. Homemade spacecraft - okay we've all had fantasies of doing this and depending on how far you've gone with it the primary material starts off with sofa cushions or cardboard. The sky is limit ( no pun intended ) for ideas on it. Environmentally safe batteries- okay there's a lot of room for this one too ( potatoes come to mind ). Not sure about the last one though. How does a child develop an Ebola test kit?! "Dad can you get me some Ebola ... it's for a science fair project!" So who's the real crook? Is it the sleazebag who legally takes advantage of the terrible system that we refer to as the US health insurance system? Or is it the 435 representatives and 100 senators who are in the pockets of the insurance companies and pharma companies that perpetuate our current system? At a moral level, yes the guy is as bad as they come ( and those youtube videos of him are just plain weird ). But I'd argue he's not the cause of our problems, he's a product of the system that we've cornered ourselves into. > He's a real crook in a system that's awful. It's not either-or in my book. The "either-or" is figuring out which one to go after and where to change things. If you only go after the Shkrelis, it's all for show and probably is a waste of tax payer money as he'll get off the hook for not legally doing anything wrong. People need to wake up and go after the real problem and replace the healthcare system and corrupt officials that perpetuate it. I fail to see what laws he's broken. If you're going to allow a "free market" healthcare industry, this is the result. Being a dick isn't a crime. Neither is being a price gouger. > Take a look then... > http://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-are-the-charges-again... . Did you actually read that article? It has nothing to do with price gouging prescription drugs. That's for an unrelated securities fraud charge for juggling hedge fund money. I'm not saying he's not at fault in that situation (honestly not sure) but it's unrelated. That's definitely closer but he hasn't been charged with anything on it. The only charges are for (unrelated) securities fraud. I put this in the same category as that snooping device insurance companies want people to install in their cars (tracks speed, breaking, etc). It's optional till it's not. To put it another way, it's only optional till its prohibitively expensive to maintain your privacy. I think both of these should be banned at the Federal level before they become too pervasive. The slope is too slippery. But I want it now! $ nvm ls v6 N/A $ echo ':(' :( On a more serious note this really is an awesome release. Kudos to everyone that works on Node.js! Ever since the "reunification" of node.js/io.js there's been a whirlwind of great activity both in adding features as well as LTS releases (which are critical for long term adoption of the platform). $ nvm ls-remote v6 v6.0.0 $ echo ':)' :) Sweet! Maybe I've got Stockholm syndrome but I prefer the module.exports style. Does Jenkins 2.0 use the same plugin based architecture as 1.0? Does anyone actually prefer to use plugins for project types rather than a hand written build script? (i.e. using Jenkins to just kick off a shell script) In your experience what's the usual time between battery replacements? That's been the only "killer" for phones for me. With a decent case I feel like they otherwise last forever. My personal upgrade cycle usually involves someone else's (ex: spouse or parent) phone breaking, giving them mine, and buying a new one. Otherwise I'd probably still be on an iPhone 4. I've wondered why there isn't a "big player" in the cloud space for this. Felt like a hole. My operating theory is that the people who would really make use of something like this have grown beyond managed offerings and would take it in house. For smaller operations Redis is more than enough for pub/sub. Ditto for SQS for externally triggered eventing. +1 regarding reading that essay on Kafka. The explanations, illustrations, evolution and use case are all well thought out. By "this" I meant a managed Kafka cloud offering. I generally a fan of these types of services as there isn't as tight a binding as proprietary ones. Migrating from Heroku Postgres to RDS or self hosted is well defined. Ditto for Redis migrations. SQS, Kinesis, and other proprietary ones not so much. You can insulate your code base but if you're really going to leverage the ecosystem of those services then you're going to be stuck there. That's why I find something like this interesting. The "out" is there so it makes it easier to accept getting in. If you're a Walgreen's investor, blame their management for not doing the proper due diligence. If you're a Theranos investor, blame yourself for not doing the proper due diligence. Does anyone here have bad things to say about TypeScript? I haven't used it for any large projects yet (couple toy ones) but seems pretty legit. Based on my anecdata, people who have used it at scale seems to like it. I can't tell if that's because they're still in the honeymoon phase or if it really is a step forward for the long term. > The main knock against KeePass for teams is that it's all or nothing. ... and the binary format makes KeePass merges impossible. Even if it's just you, if you have multiple computers you need to make sure you have the latest copy before adding something. That's what's nice about pass, it plays nice with git, rsync, and just about everything else. Last write wins per credential. If you tack on history with git (or ZFS snapshots!) you have a central copy that you can share among a team. Someone should make a slick UI atop a pass directory with a browser plugin. Most states have laws on the books that require you to agree to a sobriety check as a precondition of getting a driver's license. I think that also includes agreeing to a blood-draw if you get booked for DWI. Refusing is grounds for revocation of your license. Now all that aside, this is quite a stretch ... If the 5th amendment protects you from disclosing a password under a court order, there's no reason you should have to unlock your phone just because a police officer asks you too. Come to think of it, pretty sure that applies that unlocking your trunk either unless the officer has a warrant. > But the second cause is something that goes against the conventional wisdom. It's that teens -- despite their portrayal in popular TV and movies as uninhibited and acting only on hormones -- are having less sex . Could rising childhood obesity be contributing to this as well? > Similar to e.g. how property tax works in the US, you would pay something like 1% of the value of your "property" in taxes each year -- and when you sue, you can only sue for how much of that "value" was taken away from you (with perhaps treble damages or something). Then, all of a sudden, it's not enough to claim that your copyrights are worth $18B to sue Google for $9B - you have to have actually paid $180M/year or so in taxes in the last few years to make that claim. So poor small time developer can't sue any large company for a substantial payout because they can't afford the $N x 1% fee? I don't think that'll work. The real solution to this is time. We'll eventually get a new set of judges and legislators that understand technology. The former is all that's really needed though their extended terms make change very slow Once you've got level headed judges willing to throw out bullshit cases and impose punitive fees on trolls, this entire problem goes away. Until then, it makes financial sense for trolls to operate and even legitimate companies have to play that game to survive. Check out 33mail: http://www.33mail.com/ I believe it's exactly what you're looking for. Two fold: 1. Putting aside friends, family, and religion to focus on the task(s) at hand. 2. Saving enough "fuck you" money to be able to do whatever I want. Both are related and the former is pointless unless it's going to lead to the latter. Everybody[1] who's actually owned a gun (or plans to) hates smart guns. [1]: Okay maybe not everybody but based on my anecdata it's everybody. I not only use Google frequently, I use it to search for things I myself have written in the past. I can't count the number of times I've Googled for a programming question where the answer is found on a Stack Overflow page I've written. If it's a particularly old answer that I've completely forgotten, I've even thought to myself, " Wow this genius sounds just like me! "[1]. [1]: ... as well as " This idiot has no clue what he's talking about! " Even better ... I tried to downvote myself to the same result. This is really cool and it's pure js (no plugins)! This song is nice: http://tinyrave.com/tracks/27-more-midi-dk-country Rather than dealing with these cockamamie laws piecemeal, lets attack the root of the problem: term limits and age caps. That way instead of waiting for these half senile and all corrupt politicians to meet their maker, we introduce new blood into the system that hopefully understands the modern American people and modern technology. > It takes 33% (or so) to keep your job in the mid-term and you run unopposed. Who votes at the 4-year mark? The senate, congress, or national election? If it's the latter, electoral or popular vote? If it's via popular vote I think it'd be next to impossible to eject anyone. From the article (emphasis mine): > Mr. Cahill was one of the worst off. As he regained more than 100 pounds, his metabolism slowed so much that, just to maintain his current weight of 295 pounds, he now has to eat 800 calories a day less than a typical man his size. Anything more turns to fat. Presenting the numbers like this seems intentionally confusing. Casually reading this seems like he's eating 800 calories a day and still gaining weight. What they're really saying is that he's eat $AVG_295_LB_MAN_CALORIES - 800 per day. That's probably around 4000 calories a day. > Bonus: My business partner was given the same one and the same thing happened at BUR. TSA asked if she wanted to mail it home, she said "toss it" and never heard another word! Free business idea! UPS/FedEx/USPS packaging site at the end of the TSA line. When they say you can't take your cologne, knife, or toothbrush because it's too dangerous, you can immediately give it one of our helpful agents and they'll instead mail it your home! Good security has layers. That way if one falls through, hopefully the next layer will catch it. I'm not sure if the HN code allows it but it'd be nice to hide the point totals until after voting has closed. EDIT: I just noticed the randomization of the entries. That's a plus! EDIT #2: Point displays are now gone. Nice turnaround! Domains have been deprecated since at least 0.10. As of yet there's no replacement for them and all node apps should be using them. There's no other way to catch " But ... but ... that can't happen! " type errors. > Now Telcordia, a Swedish-owned firm, is being compelled to rewrite the database computer code — a massive undertaking — to assuage concerns from officials at the FBI and Federal Communications Commission that foreign citizens had access to the project. These officials fear that if other countries gain access to the code, they could reap a counterintelligence bonanza, learning the targets of U.S. law enforcement and espionage investigations. I hope they didn't use an open source database because otherwise the bad guys will have access to that too! Seriously how stupid are the people in charge of this kind of thing if they can't differentiate between programs and data? Now having a fear that there may be back doors somewhere in there is a valid concern, but the answer to that is sunlight on the code and layers of least privilege on the execution environment. > If Satoshi disclaimed the identity of D. Nakamoto in 2014, why wouldn't he disclaim the identity of Craig Wright today? What if he knows the real Satoshi and that the real Satoshi wouldn't out him? For example he knows that the real Satoshi is deceased and/or won't come forward. In what world would a cross domain version of this be a good idea? Maybe there's a legit use case within the same domain (think 90's HTML frames), but cross domain?! Actually thinking about it more, it's same world that connects to remote servers over plaintext telnet. Oh and you don't need to verify your identity either, user's will just say who they are and we'll trust them. Yeah I was tracking that via the API. It's interesting how close #2 and #3 were along the way. Neck and neck for hours. At the end of the day society has to decide, are we going to let people make there own decisions or are we going to decide for them? It might very from topic to topic (ex: tobacco vs. unhealthy foods), but it's one definitive answer per topic. Redis is in a very small category of software that's been pleasant to work with from day one and continues to be on a daily basis. Kudos to antirez on everything before this and another great release. > What do you use it for? The answer to this question is one of the reasons I like Redis so much. It's not one thing, it's many things! I've used it for a "dumb" cache (key => bytes), a "smart" cache (key => data structure), a message queue, a pub/sub engine, and even a lock manager. For many of these use cases it's the best, for others, it's more than good enough and not having to add additional infrastructure components to a system is always a plus. Here's a configurable version by Mozilla: https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generat... Slick interface and arguably the top domain name possible. Nice! The youtube integration and cropping is really cool as well. It took less than a minute to try it out. I can imagine this getting some heavy usage which begs the question, how do you support the costs behind this? The video processing cpu time isn't free and the end result is an image hosting site which traditionally are impossible to monetize. What's the secret sauce for sustainability? > For supporting the costs: we ended up raising $ from some awesome individuals. Okay but that's capital, not revenue. > We've built out a team (we're hiring! rory@gifs.com), and the team has done a lot of work to ensure that gifs/webms/mp4s are transcoded insanely fast. A great dev team can arguably keep costs down with efficient systems but that's still not revenue. Also, dev teams cost money too so that's more expense. > We've had over 4,5000,000 gifs made, and over billions of .gifs delivered, which has started to run up some cost Okay sounds like some traction but I read that as about $11.5K/month of bandwidth spending[1] (just bandwidth, not counting transcoding costs). > ...which leads us to sustainability: we look at the gifs player almost like the youtube embedded player, but for, well, short media. Maybe one day ever gif/webm will be in the gifs player. As we continue to build tools for empowering people to augment videos, we hope to see more people make cool short clips within our ecosystem. So where's the revenue? Embedded player licensing? Intermingling ads? Changing the overlay icons for Brazzers to link straight there? I love VC fueled fun as much as the next guy, but I'm genuinely curious what the end game is. Ride it out and hope the user base becomes worthy of an acquisition before the money burns? [1]: 1 Billion Images x 100 KB/Image x $.12/GB[2] [2]: Based on the IP I'm guessing they're running on GCE with rack rates for bandwidth at $.12/GB. Probably over estimating though. This apology is definitely worth more than the $20K. Well spent and nice turnaround. > Shockingly, some of them even post at hn. Why is that shocking? Given the scope of active users, I'd be surprised if you didn't find supporters of every major candidate. Hell yah. It's not a coincidence that America is the only country that allows direct to consumer advertising of medication. Here's another one: ban all forms of compensation from drug companies to doctors. No more bribes^Wconference trips. I didn't know about NZ. Also, I think the Brazil info is out of date. It's not Indian specific either. I've seen it in a number of places throughout the world. It works anywhere that does not charge to receive calls (i.e. any sane place outside of the U.S.A.) as long as the caller doesn't get billed for cancelling. You can get more than 1-bit of information as well if you sync the clock on your phone with the recipient. That gives you approximately 3.3 bits of information if you use the minute modula 10. This only works if you previously agree upon a meaning for values (Mod 0: Yes, Mod 5: No, etc). > Fingerprinting through a government clearinghouse is typically reserved for employees. Source? Financial services corporations fingerprint both their employees and contractors. I've never seen a distinction in the process for either. I feel like I've seen source code that reads like this. Wow that's as close as it gets to the original article. I was thinking of something more general like: foo = foo.foo("foo"); ( And yes the reassignment is intentional as the returned object isn't necessarily the same as the caller. ) > It seems naming things is still one of the hard things in Comp Sci: http://rack.github.io I think rack is a pretty good name for something that is meant to be the infrastructure for running services. Not sure of the etymology for this project, but to me it conveys images of a server rack in a datacenter. Having built an entire app stack atop it, what's your opinion of ECS? Specifically on the scale of easy/works to painful/bend-to-will? (emphasis mine): > It says for Access to Source: Lite - Limited, Pro - Unlimited In the software world I'd consider anything less than BSD/MIT licensed source code limited. Life guards are a lot like teachers, the ratio of eyeballs to swimmers matters. A 100 to 1 ratio is impossible for any one person to track. 4. Throw it away and rebuild it now that you know how it really should work. You can do that with local storage. Not sure if there's an existing project that simplifies the process but the general idea is to use it as a hash map that's available to all tabs attached to the same domain. You'd have to synchronize things yourself to prevent tripping over yourself. Ditto for firing off functions in response to events (i.e. Poll loop and fire handler). > I find it hard to fault them for calling the police on shoplifting, even of $2 items, since that's the kind of product they sell. I'd take it a step further and say good job on actually following through with it. Otherwise what's the alternative? A private police force for Wal-Mart? > TL;DR: our body emits different chemicals according to our humor , including while we're watching a movie. So that's what people mean when they say I smell funny? It's a grain elevator. If you give out monopolies, then this is what happens. Here's a simple idea to fix this: capitalism. Mandate at least two providers at each prison and let them charge whatever they want. Let them race to the bottom so you get the same cheap voip rates the rest of the country has access to. Oh and if they collude on pricing, throw the management in the same prison. I bet they'd also start competing on the features the prison cares about too. Like tracking who's calling who, speech to text transcripts, and service levels. Problem with this approach is that it doesn't allow for the cronyism that is ripe in this type of industry. Wow this is a really interesting way to make inroads into chat apps. Plus since it's at the keyboard level it transcends to all installed apps. Anybody familiar with the iOS APIs for this to know if it's an "always on" type of thing? i.e. can they use this to track everything typed everywhere as long as the keyboard is enabled or does it require the "G" button like in the pic? Parallel query will probably win for sexiest new feature ( rightfully so! ) but remote apply is very useful in the real world. It will greatly simplify reading newly written data off replicas: http://michael.otacoo.com/postgresql-2/postgres-9-6-feature-... Postgres currently uses a single process per connection. That means at most one CPU core is used per query executing a connection. Parallel query allows breaking up query plans to allow multiple processes (and by extension cpu cores) to process a part of a query plan. The classic example is a sequential scan, say for a COUNT(*) or SUM(foo). A single process would scan through all the blocks in order. A parallel scan would split the blocks into N buckets, scan them via N separate processes, and then combine the results. > How about taxing net worth of an individual? Calculated by market participants like they do today. Nobody in the USA has the balls to propose or implement this. It does make sense though. Why tax the guy making money? You should tax the guy hoarding it! By hoard I meant "be the owner of". Doesn't matter if it's cash, real estate, stocks, bonds or shares in a lemonade stand. Call it all wealth and throw a % on it. Make it progressively increase up and 0% on anything less than $X. We could call it a Robin Hood tax. This will also have the incentive of causing the wealthy to invest in riskier things. Ex: 5% growth doesn't make sense with a 6% wealth tax. EDIT: Moved some sentences around. They gave it to themselves. > First, approach your collection as a single unit of stuff. Don’t dwell on individual photos or letters yet. Think about the entire collection as a mass of related things. Kells said, “You’ll scare yourself if you think, ‘I have two hundred things.’ The project will seem bigger.” It is one collection. This is good general advice for solving any problem, from archiving a lifetime of curios to building a complicated software project. > “We’ve had a lot of people converting. Around 40% of users were turning off their ad-blockers,” said Lewis DVorkin, Forbes Media chief product officer. Those numbers are bogus. There's no way 40% of people will disable ad blocking just to read Forbes. Education doesn't translate to intelligence and being "liberal" is a pretty wide catch all bucket. There are big differences between socially liberal and fiscally liberal. In what situation would a rogue process be able to perform this exploit and not already be compromised? So would this be a way to circumvent W^X? I'm still not understanding what situation is made more vulnerable from this that isn't already entirely compromised. I'm not against unions, I'm against public sector unions. Private sector unions can do whatever they want. Let them strike, collective bargain, walk out, sit in. The damage is isolated, the dollars involved are relegated to business owners and workers, and there's competition on both sides of the equation. Public sector unions are were the trouble is at. Government work stoppages[1] are bullshit as are unfunded future concessions that will have to be paid by our children's children. [1]: Yes we can all make jokes about how they're not doing anything to start but you know what I'm saying... > but then, how should public sector employees ask for better conditions? The government already has to compete against the private sector. If wages rise there, whether through union action or labor shortages, then government will have to act accordingly. This works in the opposite direction as well (lowering wages/costs). The main issue is that the current government does not have an interest in long term planning. The current mayor/governor/steward is more than willing to push the true costs of things down the road because they won't be around to account for them. That's how you end up with massive unfunded pension obligations. Public sector unions are just one part of this problem albeit a big part. Who here has any faith this will be around in 5 years? Might be more fun to pick 3 years instead. Unrelated, assuming there is some storage limit to each space, be funny to get an error, " Your space is out of space. " > For me, the biggest downside of Google shutting down Reader is that from now until eternity every post to Hacker News about a new Google service will be chock full of witty comments about how it's going to get shut down. I'd argue that most of them aren't witty[1] and it's not just Reader either. Plenty of things shut down before and afterwards[2]. [1]: Obviously not counting my own rapier wit... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Discontinued_Google_s... Someone should combine this AI with something like Google glass (so you don't have to pull out your phone), a basic calorie/nutrition filter, and a shock bracelet[1]. That way when I look at a Krispy Kreme donut I get immediate feedback! [1]: http://pavlok.com/hello.php Short of browser useragent sniffing ( yuck... ) is there any way to make use of ES6 features in a browser agnostic app? Seems like the only way to work is with a transpiler and series of polyfills. How'd you get such an awesome domain? > You don't need the day off if you vote by mail. Many (most?) states don't allow voting by mail or absentee ballots without a bonafide reason. " I'm busy that Tuesday " doesn't cut it. (emphasis mine) > We also help you keep an eye on your consumption by sending an email notification if you consume more than 80% of the free hours in a month. Should you reach 100%, we will notify again and all free dynos will stop running until the end of the month. At the beginning of the new month, your free dyno hours are replenished and we spin the dynos back up. You can avoid running out of free dyno hours by upgrading your most successful apps to Hobby dynos. I wonder what the thundering herd[1] effect of this on AWS would be at month start. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thundering_herd_problem > Why wouldn't you judge someone on anything? Anyone can judge anyone on anything. In this particular case if someone judged a teetotaler negatively for not partaking, I'd judge them as an idiot. Is being a recovering alcoholic a legally protected class? GPUs work when the data is small and the calculation can be parallelized. Random access to memory from a GPU would be slow. It's more like a separate computer (or lots of separate computers) that you can send a small program to execute and get the result. RFP - Request For Project 1. Train Google Home to recognize Amazon Echo's voice as its owner. 2. Train Amazon Echo to recognize Siri's voice as its owner 3. Train Siri to recognize Google Home's voice as its owner 4. Kick start some kind of endless loop between the three of them. > Amazon's Echo doesn't have an owner concept. I didn't think Siri did either. My Echo can take commands from anyone, there's no authentication at all outside of initial set up with your Amazon account. My daughter and I have completely different voices and we use it without problems. By owner I mean the voice that it's trained to respond to (not in an authentication sense). See [1] and [2]. [1]: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=... [2]: http://www.techtimes.com/articles/83995/20150913/ios-9-inclu... > According to Healthcare Triage, home births have an overall lower risk of complications. I'd be very surprised if that was a controlled study accounting for people who are at risk of complications making sure to deliver in a hospital. > It's only in the cases of things going spectacularly wrong that being in the hospital helps. Which you wouldn't really know in advance as it comes up during the delivery itself. >> It is a lot more attractive to thieves / skimmers >>The Coin was secured through your phone's passcode/biometrics/pattern, so yeah if they broke that you'd be boned. The same as with GWallet/iPay. A sophisticated mugger could do it I guess. Mugger A: " Give me the wallet! " (Hands over wallet) Mugger A: " Now unlock your phone and give it to me! " (Unlocks phone and hands it over) Mugger B: " Better chop off his thumb too ... might need it to unlock some apps! " (Gulps) Neither. I spend most of my time procrastinating and/or day dreaming. Where do you see such a rate limit? The only limits I've seen for Route53 are the number of hosted zones (50 by default?) and I don't see why that would be an issue. You'd only need one zone per app environment (dev/qa/prod). Is there any sort of blockchain based authentication of the data saved by archive.org? I'm not saying I don't trust them[1] but this seems like a perfect use case for saving the content hash to prove that content X existed at least as early as time Y. [1]: Well maybe I am saying that... Interesting. I didn't know about that limit. I suppose you can take it a bit further by batching requests (says up to 100 changes per request) but that would complicate distributed apps where the requests aren't coming from one coordinator. Even stupider are sites that require exactly N characters. Also, they usually pick small N for that as well. > On the other hand I bet your .bashrc and .emacs are amazing Nope, but my .vimrc is a work of art. Neat idea. I think a general trend toward " Demystifying and streamlining government agencies " would do well for the business community. Will apps run natively on Chromebooks or will my fart app slow down because it's being emulated? Is this SNI? That's what I thought as well. The title and commit message doesn't say much else though. EDIT: Ah the other comment on this thread explains it. It's not multiple certs for different domains, it's multiple certs for different types of keys. >> This is implied in the previous recommendations, but since it’s crucial I want to stress it: Don’t use !important in your code. > Ehhhh, sometimes `!important` is a good option. I agree that just for the 'quick fix' it's a bad idea, but it can solve other issues beautifully. `!important` is the GOTO of CSS. In general you're not supposed to use it, but if you do, it makes some things much simpler. That doesn't give you access to saved stories. Saved stories are stories that you voted on and are "private" to the user. > Best part is credit card debt is typically unsecured - spend, consume, enjoy, stick up middle finger when repayment is due. Those who do repay will of course sub those who don't over the long course in the variable rates and fees. Those that pay it off entirely every month are the one's being subsidized. It's effectively an interest free loan for 30 days. Plus you get 1-2% back as "rewards". That's what contributes to the ~3% transaction costs for credit cards. > Why this article had to be segmented into 10 pages is beyond me, however. " I've figured out a way to increase our pageviews by 10x! " For "major" sites there's usually a printable view that consolidates things into one page. I don't see one on this page though. In the words of M. Night Shyamalan, " What a twist! " > Synology DiskStations are an affordable option ( You're joking right? What enterprise would install a consumer NAS in their data center to use for " data storage accessible to your web application "? [1]: http://www.amazon.com/Synology-DiskStation-Diskless-Attached... > I used to work for Atlassian which made most of its money at the time I left in 2013 from on-prem software. It was low-touch, high-volume sales to people downloading and installing software on their own servers. They still sell a ton of it too. IIRC most of their apps are Java based so the JVM ends up being their VM to normalize the installations. That would definitely simplify things and you see it even today with on-prem apps running in containers to normalize things (ex: that's apparently how NPM runs). > If your stack is a hodge podge of web servers, shell scripts, and cron services, I think better advice would be based on how to make your application more packageable before moving to that model. Live by the cloud, die by the cloud! > Can you explain? Sure, they're marketed to consumers because their audience is largely there, but if configured securely (to only talk to your infrastructure etc) offer a very affordable option to store data behind a customer's walls. Couple of separate points. First off forget "affordable". The customer that's paying for an on site version of something has a very different definition of "affordable" than whatever you're considering. Something that costs $500 literally rounds to zero. Second, nobody, and I mean NOBODY, is going to let you plug your own box onto their network to watch some other box that you've deployed on their network. In fact, you're not going to have your app on your own box there either. The vast majority of customers will want to deploy your software on whatever version of RHEL they have a licenses for (or CentOS if they're "modern"). At best you'll deploy your app in a VM that (hopefulyy) plays nice with whatever VM kit they're using. Third, that consumer NAS won't fit in a rack. Is it just going to be plugged in to a wall socket with a cross over cable connecting to your "app box"? > (Your link returns 404 for me) Sorry about that. I chopped off the rest of the gunk at the end of the URL and ended up taking too much off. > BCHS (pronounced /biːtʃəz/, beaches) is for real development. It's a hipster-free, open source software stack for web applications. To prepare a BCHS environment, install OpenBSD. Then get started. Referring to something as "hipster-free" automatically classifies you as hipster. It's similar to how asking " Am I cool ?" automatically disqualifies you from being cool. So much to disagree with here ... > Locks limit access to the table, so on a high throughput use case it may limit our performance. Then use a proper database that implements MVCC. > Do not use transactions, which introduce locks. Instead, use applicative transactions. Or just use a database that handle transactions more efficiently. > `site_id` varchar(50) NOT NULL, Why varchar(50)? UUIDs are 16-bytes. The best way to store them would be the binary bytes (which is how postgres stores them). If it's hex without dashes, it'll be varchar(32). If it's hex with dashes, it'll be varchar(36). Why did they pick 50? Future growth? Smart keys? Schema designer doesn't know what a UUID actually is? > Do not normalize. Bullshit. Normalize as much as is practical and denormalize as necessary. It's much easier to denormalize and it greatly simplifies any transaction logic to deal with a normalized model. > Fields only exist to be indexed. If a field is not needed for an index, store it in one blob/text field (such as JSON or XML). This is terrible advice. Fields (in a table) exist to be read, filtered, and returned. If everything is in a BLOB then you have to deserialize that BLOB to do any of those. That doesn't mean you can't have JSON "meta" fields but if your entire schema id (id uuid, data json) you're probably doing it wrong. It's next to impossible to enforce proper data constraints and all your application logic becomes if/then/else/if/then/else... to deal with the N+1 possibilities of data. Oh and when you finally add a new one, you have to update the code in M+1 places. The map of suicides per capita are pretty depressing. 5x higher in the south west vs the east?! > Of course it flies in the face of best practice for running a smaller system. Is there tradeoffs? Absolutely! Would it be smart to do this if the need for this scale is not obvious? Probably not From the article: > The routes table is of the order of magnitude of 100,000,000 records, 10GB of storage. > The sites table is of the order of magnitude of 100,000,000 records, 200GB of storage That's tiny. Both of those easily fit in memory on modern hardware. This isn't cough web scale, this is peanuts. The savings from having a simpler system that operates both transactional and the lack of disparate CASE/IF logic would win over this monstrosity of a design. For a counterpoint where this type of model makes more sense check out Ubers data model[1]. Similar setup but more applicable use case and (without having any inside intel on it) I'd wager is justified. [1]: https://eng.uber.com/schemaless-part-one/ > So your argument has shape shifted from "This is terrible advice" to "this is terrible advice unless your at uber scale". No my argument is this particular design is both unjustified for the use case and poorly thought out/implemented. The uuid as varchar(50) is a dead giveaway of amateur status. From the article (emphasis mine): > [pg_dump ...] The main disadvantage of this method is that it will not provide high reliability . Pretty sure the author means "availability" not "reliabilitiy". pg_dump is completely reliable, arguably more so than ANY other backup mechanism as it creates logical machine independent backups. Best intro tip regarding pg_dump: use -Fc (custom format) > Ad­di­tion­ally, Ama­zon is gen­er­ously of­fer­ing $5k in AWS credit for all par­tic­i­pat­ing teams. Did they do this last time around? Seems like a no-brainer to get some free AWS credits. > Given YC companies get: AWS, Google (100k), IBM (120k) and Microsoft (500k) all offer credits - $5k seems small. $5K in exchange for spending 5 min to fill out a form is well worth it. And that's not including any indirect value you'd get from the actual office hours. > If taking the $5k means that the $100k is gone, doesn't sound like a deal to me. Where does it say that one would cause you to lose the other? Wow. I suddenly have a lot more faith in the courts and juries to land sane verdicts in technology trials. Still sad that it takes a billion dollar company to be able to stand up to this (as anybody smaller would be crushed by the trial expense) but let's celebrate it none the less. Any lawyers around? I wonder if Google can claim legal expenses back from Oracle. > Under the Copyright Act, the judge has discretion to award attorney fees to the prevailing party. [0] I think that'd be good for the ecosystem as it'd send a message that there will be consequence for pursuing frivolous lawsuits. It's both. The security aspect is incompetence. The idea of having it external is deliberate to avoid FOIA. From the article, emphasis mine: > This allows our freelancers to receive tangible rewards for their hard work building incredible software, and helps them prepare for the future. Wouldn't simplify paying a freelancer be a tangible reward? And if you're not paying them then they're not really freelancers, they're either interns or suckers (or both). > Will every Gigster Fund company yield a successful return? No. Although some startup companies yield extraordinary financial returns, many fail. Ha! Great way to spin " The majority of this will be worthless ... but you buy Powerball tickets too right? " > Rather than having TSA agents use hand-pushed carts to bring empty trays from the exit back to the entrance of the line, the new lanes use an automated conveyor belt system. Every time I travel and I see a TSA agent lumbering back from the secure side with a set of carts I shudder inside. That's got to be one of the most depressingly monotonous jobs. Forget the massive efficiency angle, you could sell this as a security boost. Rather than having an individual go back and forth through the secure zone, just send the trays in one direction on a conveyor. > And instead of having travelers stack up behind one another to drop off their belongings to be scanned, there are five different "divestment points" so faster travelers can drop off their bags and move on without waiting for a slower person in front of them. Can someone explain this? Is it five drop off points inbound into the bag scanner per lane or the entry line splits into five lines after the outer check? > Delta says it spent more than $1 million on the system, which it thought up and deployed in less than two months On a federal budget scale, that's a rounding error. > This isn't an all or nothing kind of deal. It's an extra incentive for gigster freelancers to do amazing work (besides the great project estimates / rates they have). Maybe not all or nothing but this would end up just like a startup offering equity as compensation. They'd argue that they can pay you less (vs. straight cash for services) because you've got this equity piece as well. What library is used for the charts? I like the clean look, simple interaction (click to disable/enable), and, most of all, how it doesn't bring my browser to a crawl. This is a jawesome playbook of how "facts 2.0" get created. > And this is why we need SCM-level tracking for our laws. That'd be great. Each commit would be pushed by the attesting legislator and they could even put the corporate lobbyist that actually wrote the change in the author field! > "The Senate hearing over controversial bill 4ad57b ..." Ha! That'd be a nice side effect this approach. Taking the concept one step further, there should be a CI environment to test out new laws. > No people should not be forced to let anyone in their homes. This is unreasonable. That cuts both ways. They're free to reject whoever they want and AirBnB should be free to reject them from listing their properties. A better approach is to have an automated alert for certificates that are expiring soon (next X days) then sending out an alert. Or even better, switch to automatically rotating certs on a regular basis via letsencrypt. Rotating certs is like restoring backups, if you only do it when shit hits the fan (server crashed or cert expired), you're doing it wrong. Whatever the file already has. If it's empty, spaces. Check out: https://www.passwordstore.org/ It's git friendly and supports having separate GPG keys for different credentials. From the article: > The language handler plandl is a DLL written in C, which calls a C++ function, which in turn uses COM to start up the CLR runtime and load the Andl Postgres entry point. Similar capabilities can be provided for Mono. It's hard enough getting someone to install a non-core contrib module. This sounds like it'd be impossible to get running. You can encrypt the passphrases with keys for multiple recipients. Each would be individually authorized to the ones their keys can decrypt. > The venn diagram of people caring about web best practices and people running adblockers is a circle, so there's no reason for ad networks to change anything. More likely concentric circles. Who knew there would be a silent film[1] renaissance in 2016? [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silent_film > ... splicing into indented strings ... That sounds pretty cool, how does it work? Does it match the indentation of the parent that issued the splice for the entire child? How about nested splices? > What option does that? All I've seen is about changing the key used. It's the first option on the man page[1]: Multiple gpg-ids may be specified, in order to encrypt each password with multiple ids. [1]: https://git.zx2c4.com/password-store/about/ If I live in Oakland or know someone who does can I tell them to sign up for free money? Why wouldn't you want ECC for everything? > As an aside, if you pay attention you'll see the two types of people will squelch their vocalizations in the interest of a short term alliance in support of BI. I don't think so, replacing one with the other sure, but adding a basic income atop all the other programs is a no-go for most libertarians. Otherwise you're just feeding the beast. > Maybe for long term storage I'm better off physically securing my archives than encrypting them to avoid bit rot ruining everything. Just have more copies on more/diverse media. Encrypted backups (with authenticated encryption) have the pleasant side effect of validating the backup on restore. Counter tips: > 1. Have a longterm vision/goal for your life that is achievable regardless of financial resources/location etc. 1. Plan for financial long term future but focus on the fun in the short term. Also, good fun is a cheap fun so it's not mutually exclusive with the previous sentence. > 2. Find a partner in crime who shares that vision and is willing to join you on what will surely be a great adventure known as your life. Life will surely be no bed of roses. 2. Don't try to find anybody. Choose science! [1] > 3. Stress Test your relationship in some way to ensure the vision/goal is aligned. 3. Life has enough natural stresses that time alone is a decent enough indicator. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rWunrNejmA > What you are seeing is the bash shell of an isolated container running Ubuntu, on your machine. It's yours to place with - you can install things on it, run software, whatever you want. Nitpicking a bit on security, but root in a container is still root on the host right? Plus using something language agnostic allows you to employ polyglot programming. If your data is all pickled (or Java serialized, or really anything else that's "native"), good luck using anything besides the original language. > Backed by etcd. Today etcd is a well tested and widely used consistent store with users like Kubernetes, Flannel (now Canal), Fleet, SkyDNS and many others. Building something like etcd requires tons of testing and etcd is becoming the solid go to for this category of distributed problems. Being built atop something else doesn't mean it inherits all the stability of the underlying system; it's an upper bound not a lower bound. So is this the building blocks for an in-house EBS? > If you have a paid individual or organizational npm account, you can start using hooks right now. Okay that eliminates the vast majority of npm users. > Each user may configure a total of 100 hooks, and how you use them is up to you: you can put all 100 on a single package, or scatter them across 100 different packages. Only a hundred even with a paid account? That's pretty light. I'm not a big fan of vendor lock in but this is the type of thing that would be nice to have as a public service on SNS. Call it a "NaaS" (Notifications as a Service). It could be as simple as an SNS topic that allows for public subscriptions with subscribers paying their usage bills (which honestly would be tiny if not zero). I suppose that wouldn't handle the the private repo situation (since you wouldn't want to publicize events regarding them) but for the majority using public repos it'd be a win. > we're still playing around with how many hooks to give each account- and we're definitely open to increasing it. this is why we're releasing in beta. Makes sense. I can imagine that if this was released to everybody, immediately, and people set up their CI servers to auto update dependencies on hook, and leftpad got updated, that'd be a serious thundering herd. > as for it being paid, our registry is super expensive to run, so we're looking for ways to make money to support it. this is one way to encourage people to pay for their accounts. this also keeps our prices super low (we start at 7$ a month). +1 to telling it like it is. I definitely get way more than $7/mo of value out of npm. Are the costs of npm public? Is it mostly bandwidth costs for transferring the tarballs? > Uber needing 3.5B is a huge negative sign IMO. Clearly something is broken with their business model. If someone is willing to give you $3.5 billion dollars I'd argue you've got a solid business model. Either that you're just really good at raising capital. > where do you get this from? HN is news for the people building startups and I would imagine they like high valuations :) Nah most of us are getting the popcorn ready. > For one thing, nobody wants a representative of the Saudi government to sit on their board and yet they took their money. Says who? If you want to expand in the Middle East then having high level officials with skin in the game is a plus. I wouldn't put it past them to ban the competition and pressure their allies accordingly. No but it'll probably happen anyway. > You can't use rsync, rsnapshot, or any other tool that manipulates files and/or filesystems, to get a consistent backup of most databases. Sure you can and if you can't, then get a better database! A well functioning database should be able to deal with being inconsistently shutdown. If you can't take a snapshot of the disk then what's the difference between that and the power cord being pulled? The main reason not to do this on a DB server is that the recovery time may large. That doesn't mean it can't be done though. > Databases come with their own tools and/or commands for creating a consistent "dump". Nothing else is guaranteed to be safe. Sure they do and you should use those as well, that doesn't mean you can't do this too. That's a solved problem: http://linux.die.net/man/8/xfs_freeze Combine that with disk snapshotting and you're fine. > The author's beef isn't with Thiel using his money to help sue Gawker, but with him considering this to be philanthropic: >> The problem isn’t the way Thiel used his money. It’s his pretensions about it. But it is philanthropic, it just doesn't align with the author's idea of philanthropy. How many partners are there at YC now? Why do you have remote access set up to a computer that has unencrypted credentials stored on it? From the FAQ, (emphasis mine): > There is less than a 1% chance that FoldiMate will do anything other than fold your laundry and treat your clothes. Let's be generous and say that less than 1% means .5% chance. Assuming each clothing fold is an independent event, that means if you fold 20 articles of clothing then you have a 90% chance of not destroying one of them[1]. I like those odds! [1]: (1 - .005)^20 = 0.90461048 It's the social policy equivalent of blockchain circa 2013. While you're add it, verify that your password has not been hacked by entering it here: hxxp://evil.example.com/password-checker > Connor and his neighbors put up “No Through Traffic” signs. And their city councilman, Tim Male, tried to get Google Maps to take note of the official detour, by calling the company and flagging it through the apps’ feedback feature. Assuming the road itself is a public road (not a driveway or gated community), is there any legality to this? > I un-friended like 20 people back in the day for some burger king on facebook. What do you mean? Did you unfriend 20 people in exchange for Burger King giving you a burger? Or, did you unfriend 20 people because they were trying to get you to go buy a burger? > The problem is that it seems that the judge made the legally correct determination, and that the majority of judges understand that this type of suit is ridiculous, but they have no tools to stop it. If they had the tools to stop it, and chose to use them based on their determination rather than the "rules" (no matter how nonsensical they be), we'd be throwing a fit about activist judges legislating from the bench. The separation of powers is there for a reason and it's not the judiciary that needs to solve this. Haha. That's awesome. Easily monetizatable ideas (as a service). > Doesn't appear to work with custom domains. Do you have any idea how TLS actually works? If this worked out of the box for custom domains, then GitHub would need to be able to impersonate those domains. At the very least you'd need a way to upload a private key/cert combo that they could server in response to an SNI request. Given the sheer number of sites that they host (every user effectively has a custom GitHub pages page) that's not really feasible though. Hence only support for *.github.io as that only requires a single wildcard cert. I predict the next version of AD/Outlook will allow for direct integration between a company's workforce information and said workforce's public profile. Why bother with scraping your user's contact list when you can feed directly from the source system that already includes their name, email address, and job title. Back when I had a iOS device I put all of these in a folder named "Crapple". > I think this issue could be overcome by a proxy/delegate style system. A proxy system should have an automatic expiration (1-month, 1-year, etc) as well. If each site creates a CNAME (ex: ads.example.com or not-ads.example.com or more likely [a-z][a-z0-9]{15}.example.com) pointing at the ad broker, they could use something like letsencrypt to dynamically set up HTTPS. That's a pretty stupid reason not to have backups. If anything, a lack of backups makes me feel like any safeguards for protecting PII would be sub par. That sounds like a good choice for a hybrid that uses the rotary ICE to periodically charge the battery. > As an example, if you have an address input field in your CRM tool that you don't want Chrome to Autofill, you can give it semantic meaning that makes sense relative to what you're asking for: e.g. autocomplete="new-user-street-address". If Chrome encounters that, it won't try and autofill the field. Reminds me of the good old days of making things work with IE6. > Again, thanks to everyone for your comments. We look forward to continuing the conversation. Sure you do. Then why is commenting closed?[1] [1]: See the " Restricted- Only users with EditIssue permission may comment. " box on the left pane. Ah! Well that's what I get for skimming through the post. I stand by the IE6 comment though. > That's the online equivalent of bombing a church. Assholes. Well that does align with ISIL modus operandi. And after that "Going Solo". Coming from the magic of the rest of his books both are quite a shift but they give you clue into the events that shaped his mind for the rest of his stories. The real solution is to abolish summer vacation. Education should be continuous and year round. Per day? That's a new one. Every brokerage I've ever used has fixed commissions for a trade, regardless of how long it takes to execute. The only edge case is a partial fill on a good till cancel limit order that causes the execution to spam multiple days. I think that might lead to multiple commissions but it's fairly u likely. In no instance have I seen a fee for maintaining an open order. If anything they should pay you! You're essentially giving them a free option! What else did people expect would happen if you give them an arsenal of loaded foot guns? Nice article and I like the matter-of-fact writing style. Makes me want to study more chemistry. Any suggestions from this audience of how to get into it? Pick up a Chemistry 101 text book? Has any state attempted to ban arbitration clauses via popular vote/referendum? If so, would that even hold up in court and across state lines? Seems like the only way to deal with this crap as there's no incentive for corporations not to force customers into binding arbitration. If I was still running a large consumer focused corporation I'd insist on it as well. > Why ban it? Because it prevents creating a class action to group together impacted customers. Individually it may not be worth it for a customer to proceed with a claim. En masse, there is an economy of scale. Now I'm not in favor of frivolous lawsuits and these clauses are clearly intended as a defend against them, but if the response to that problem shouldn't be binding arbitration everywhere. It should be tort reform. Have the police individually get policies. That way they have skin in the game to not be a complete fucktard. This way you reward officers that don't have issues and penalize the ones that do. Suddenly transferring a bad officer to make him someone else's problem doesn't work as he wont be able to get "jerk insurance". > This debate happens on HN again and again, but still: what privacy are you talking about in public space? Nobody has a problem with one person with a dashcam If I'm not that one person I'd have a problem with that. > why suddenly connecting these dashcams to a network that shares information is a problem? Switching from dash cams to police helps a bit. I think most people would be okay with one (or a handful) of police officers randomly walking through their neighborhood. Most locales would say it's a good thing. Now take that to the extreme and have an officer every 10 steps, looking around in every direction, and writing down everything that's happening. Still a good idea? Why does it matter that it's solar powered if there's already a ready source of electricity (i.e. your car battery)? Seems like it's only solar powered to be facilitate being an after market add-on you can click onto the car. Otherwise it'd require wiring. > Uuid makes a great token. When they're actually unique, sure. If you're UUIDs are the byte representation of something that isn't random (i.e. something not from /dev/urandom) then no they'll suck as much as the source. Generally speaking, what you put in is what you get out. > That is of course a major factor. The costs all in, including legal fees and filing fees, vary considerably from attorney to attorney but the average, as far as I can tell, for an I-140 extraordinary ability petition is between $5,000 and $15,000. This is the same range for an I-140 national interest waiver petition. Where does that money go? Fees associated with the application or general attorney fees? Is it possible to complete this process without an attorney? $5-15K is peanuts for a larger organization but it's a decent chunk of coin for a small business. > "If you're of the view that, 'The old aren't going to be around forever,' then there's some truth in that," said Page. "But your vote isn't weighted on how old you are." Why not have a formula to weight votes based upon the expected lifespan impact they'll have? It gives the young more skin in the game and arguably any long term changes (ex: Brexit) will impact them more. Could use something like MAX((LIFE_EXPECTANCY - SUFFRAGE_AGE - AGE) / (LIFE_EXPECTANCY - SUFFRAGE_AGE), .25). That would give an 18 year old a full vote and someone who's 75 a quarter of one. To make things even more fun, you should get a full vote for each tax dependent minor (i.e. one for each child under 18). The primary reason I can see this never happening is that baby boomers suck and would fight tooth and nail against anything that removes their chokehold on political systems. From the footnotes: > [1] Two out of three people will live in cities by 2050 - an influx of 2.5 billion new urbanites. How much of that is by choice? I know quite a few people that wouldn't give up their rural lives willingly. > It is pretty clear how this proposal was made in the era of document-based HTML pages, as there is no way compromise-based design would work in our app-oriented world. Nevertheless, it did include the fundamental idea that stylesheets should cascade. In other words, it should be possible for multiple stylesheets to be applied to the same page. > It its original formulation, this idea was generally considered important because it gave the end user control over what they saw. Content (i.e. ad) blockers are a logical extension of this. Interviwer: "Hi, my name is Roger. I'll be interviewing you today." Interviewee (modulated voice): "Hi Roger. Nice to meet you. My name is Alice." Hmmm ... Speech hints aside, this may not work 100%. Since when has Scientific American resorted to listicles? Full disk encryption (FDE) is a UX issue, not a technical one. You don't need a secure cryptographic processor, but the UX sucks without one. A simple, working, FDE setup would be something like LUKS running at boot: 1. Turn on phone 2. Phone loads up initial bootstrap OS 3. Phone prompts user for master key 4. Master key is used to unlock volume 5. Regular OS boot continues If the master key has enough entropy, brute forcing it becomes impossible. The phone won't "disable" as there's no self-destructing component (i.e. "secure crypto chip") but that doesn't mean it can be cracked. Boil as many oceans as you'd like, you're not going to brute force 256 bits of entropy. The UX problem is that the master key is a PITA to enter if it's long enough to be cryptographically secure. That's what a crypto chip is supposed to solve. A limited number of attempts with a shorter passphrase. How about a QR code on a business card kept in your wallet? Scan the QR code (with you phone's camera) to input the long passphrase (or even better just random bits). There could still be a short pin/passphrase in addition to that. Keepass allows for something similar by having a local file + passphrase to unlock a password vault. Backups of the QR code could be as easy as photocopying it! > If you're putting it in your wallet, just use plaintext. That has the same issue of not being able to input it into the phone. The QR code can be easily scanned. Sure OCR of plain text is possible but some more standardized like a QR Code would be better. > I'd rather just type than fuss with getting a QR code to scan in possibly-bad lighting. Nothing says you can't do either, or even both[1]. The idea of using a QR Code is so that mom/dad/grandpa/grandma can use a long password to unlock their phone without having to type it in. Bonus points if the QR Code itself is in the shape of a key! [1]: Which would be "something you have" + "something you know". > In other words, "don't think that because Hillary can get away with it, you can, too." Seems like that's reinforced by this line as well (emphasis mine): >> Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of factors before bringing charges . There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially regarding intent. Responsible decisions also consider the context of a person’s actions, and how similar situations have been handled in the past. > No, but it's reasonable to wonder why sauce for the goose isn't sauce for the gander in this case. Simple. Because politicians transfer from the legislative branch to the executive branch. They (generally) don't entered the armed forces. If they did, I'm sure they'd make sure they have equal protections there as well. Pretty stupid to use a new domain in the first place. A sub domain (ex: hxxp://setup.tplink.com) would be more trustworthy and doesn't have the pesky renewal issue. > Using both these ranked inputs, our software will create “Investor Day” schedules for each investor and each startup, which will take place at the Computer History Museum on Wednesday 8/24. Sounds like the backend of a dating site for startups and investors. > Doesn't it seem like kind of a dick move to give no equity to any of the 75 employees? It's more of dick move to hang worthless equity as a carrot in front of people who don't know any better. Salaries have no vesting periods, no dilution[1], and are presented in cash. [1]: Outside of inflation :) I think GP means "SELECT all columns that have %foo% in the name of the column". It's not possible directly though you can do it with dynamic SQL by querying the data dictionary and dynamically creating the columns retrieved in the SELECT clause. Wow those are some razor thin margins! If you can pull this off it's going to be both huge (from an AUM perspective) and a big win for the 1,000s of companies that want to setup 401(k) plans but are either scared off by the complexity or fee structure. I do wonder if profitability can be sustained. With an average account size of $50K, you're looking at $50K x .03% + 9 x 12 = $123 per year of revenue per participant. I'm sure there's a scale factor to dilute the common expenses on your end, but a few hours of customer service (per participant) will eat through all of that. Either way, best of luck, this looks awesome! Create a chrome extension that somehow keeps people working as if you're busy making money, you're generally not spending it. Something that disables access to HN would probably be enough. > I mean, good luck to them and everything. Rule #1: Build something that people want! > Twice the price as B2 from Backblaze ($.010 vs $.005 per GB per month). I believe B2 is an object store, not a block store (like this). The AWS analogy is block store is EBS, object store is S3. This has been a much requested feature and I'm sure it will be very popular. I'm still reminded of this quote though: " He was a bold man that first ran a production database on a brand new block storage service! " On it's surface making the footage not immediately public isn't a bad idea. The classic example would be a swat team showing up at the wrong house, busting down the door, and having video footage of John Q Citizen in his birthday suit. As long as there is a process for getting access to the footage that's impartial, that's fine. What's really needed though is a way to escrow the footage. This is a solved problem in the tech world. The stream should be stored off site, cryptographically signed (public sig), in the control of a third party (though still a government entity, not a private corporation). Otherwise you'd be asking the criminals[1] to hold onto the evidence. [1]: Not that all or even most police are criminals, but in the case where a police officer does commit a crime they are de facto criminals. Where's the man bites dog? Hey this is pretty cool. Would be even cooler if it held off on the SSL handshake with the initial client until after the certificate was issued by LetsEncrypt. If it's only a couple of seconds it might be possible. Ah I didn't realize that. I figured the first request kicks off the request process so it's available for subsequent requests. This is even cooler! One other (big) difference between json and jsonb is that the former preserves extra white space. The exact text string of the json is stored. If that matters to you, say you're taking a signature of the original value, then you should use non-b json. Otherwise, stick to jsonb. > 1. I can go to any computer with chrome and get access to all my passwords, so don't have to carry my passwords with me everywhere. Maybe a computer you can trust but I wouldn't say any computer. I consider the shared PC you'd find in a hotel business center to be the digital equivalent of a diseased hooker. I'd be impressed if it didn't have a key logger installed. > 2. Don't have to worry about storing passwords properly since lastpass is a good company and they know their stuff about protecting the customers' data. Not being OSS I don't think that can be proven. It boils down to "Trust us, we're smart". > I'd like to hear the thoughts of anyone else who uses lastpass and what they think. Trust noone and put your faith in OSS (KeepassX, pass, etc). At some point this summer I highly suggest reading the nutrition facts on back of a cold beer, preferably on the beach. Not everything you read needs to be about technology development or enlightenment. I would have liked to see his opinion on the role of corporate entities in censorship and civility. Past actions by twitter seems to give conflicting answers as to what's acceptable, what's not, and what they actually care about. > An open source blogging platform with inline editing, handlebar templates, and a beautiful user interface. Why oh why handlebars? Also, why submit the .net if it just redirects to .org? > The big factor, Harvard sociology professor Alexandra Killewald found, is the husband's employment status. For the past four decades, she discovered, husbands who aren’t employed full time have a 3.3 percent chance of getting divorced in any given year, compared with 2.5 percent for husbands employed full time. In other words, their marriages are one-third more likely to break up. Interesting. I'd be curious to see how the hours spent at work impact that number. Specifically, do longer hours away at the office lead to a more stable marriage? Will having a second (or third!) job increase my chances of maintaining a nuclear family? Teaching is a skill that is orthogonal to the subject being taught. Like patience (closely related) and emotional intelligence (tangentially related), you either have it or you don't. Purely anecedata, but I don't know of anyone I'd consider a good teacher that was taught to be such. It seems innate to them. I think it'll be hilarious if the future of DNS security and authentication is driven by ad companies ensuring consumers can't dodge them. Would it be possible to do any real harm (to humans, pets, etc) by increasing this power setting or would this only cause interference with other electronics? Also, which models is this for? I'm used to the government (trying to) taking away our guns but having a private corporation do it feels like a level worse. Sure it's just a bunch of pixels that is the cousin of a poop symbol but it feels wrong. > Still, many dentists will continue to recommend flossing for removing debris between your chompers. "It's low risk, low cost," National Institutes of Health dentist Tim Iafolla told CNBC. "We know there's a possibility that it works, so we feel comfortable telling people to go ahead and do it." Instead of talking about flossing you could talk about keeping a pet rock in your pocket and it'd also be "low risk, low cost ... we know there's a possibility that it works". From the article (emphasis mine): > While trading was halted in all digital currencies, including ethereum, the exchange said losses were limited only to bitcoin. It also said U.S. dollar deposits were not impacted . As someone standing on the crypto currency sidelines with a bag of popcorn, I feel like this movie has gone from cyber punk drama to a played out comedy where you already know all the jokes and punchlines. Every time a company attempts any form of "hot" storage for Bitcoin this seems to happen. At this point, I'm convinced it's only a matter of "when" not "if" for anybody else doing it. People keep trying to find an intersection between security and convenience but the lines are parallel! Typo and/or non native speaker? > See src/script.js for more details on how the domains where found. Probably s/where found/were selected/. > The largest tax break relates to health care: it makes the premiums paid by companies that offer health insurance exempt from payroll taxes. We really should start with that one. If anything, replace it with an individual deduction. It'll be a double-whammy. Get rid of this bullshit subsidy for large corporations and at the same time level the playing field for small businesses and individuals trying to get coverage. No an HSA is for out of pocket expenses. Monthly premiums cannot be paid from it. > The ACA was directionally correct in terms of the individual mandate though, and hard enough to pass as it was. The ACA was a cop out. If you're not going to go to either single payer or at least include a public option (i.e. buy into the equivalent of public Medicare) then it's all a way to force people to send money to insurance companies. The Dems had a supermajority in the senate but either didn't have the balls to do the right thing, or, more likely, just wanted to suck up to their corporate interests. > I would expect with a Hillary presidency we'll see more progress made towards separating employment and healthcare. Ha! I'm sure she'll be just as tough on Wall street too. > The first time you access a local template, it will take a while to load as the server fetches the site content. However, once the content has been cached, subsequent requests will complete more quickly until you terminate the server. If you need to invalidate the cache (because you’ve updated your website in the online editor, for example) you can use the ?nocache=true query parameter on any URL. Why would a developer want to see a cached version of a page? A developer using this is actively developing the look and feel of the site so presumably would want to see the live version. This makes no sense and would only cause issues (" But it looked fine when I tested it locally a minute ago?! "). > The Development Server is built with Java using the Dropwizard framework. It takes advantage of our open-sourced JSON-T compiler and Less compiler. It’s packaged and distributed over NPM using a set of install scripts that detect the target platform and ensure Java is configured correctly. It’s built to be cross-platform, so Windows, Linux, and Mac developers can all take advantage of the efficiencies the Dev Server provides. If this is really targeted for developers why not just make it a portable executable for each platform (rather than requiring a node install to just fetch the server)? Alternatively, npm should install pip, use that to install cpan, use that to install gem, use that to install docker, and finally load the server from a container (which does the same series of npm/pip/cpan/gem installers run on Ubuntu 16.04 and then downloads a binary tarball of the app). > I'm not a 100% sure but when I've used similar tools like this before the cached data coming from the web is the _content_ of the page, where the checked out repo I'm in is dealing with the _layout_ of the page. Is this rendering the page remotely and fetching it? If so, it seems like the only point would be to reduce the server load on their end. > Do you really need the contents of the newest blog posts to be pulled in each time you want to test a CSS layout change? You would need something. At the minimum a " Lorem ipsum ... " to see how the text flows. What better than the real content for that? Especially if you already have it. Ah misunderstanding on my part. I considered the entire page itself to be "content" and didn't realize they were referring to just fetching the copy. Makes much more sense now. Would save bytes to instead mark those that aren't. Regardless of other forms of backups it's useful to have a logical pg_dump based one as well. When shit hits the proverbial fan its nice to have a totally separate backup path that, even if it's not as up to date as a streaming physical backup, can be easily restored. Biggest issues I've heard are either the long running transaction (mitigated a bit by running on a slave), cache busting effect (reading all your data thrashes your OS disk cache), and how painfully long it can take (good luck running pg_dump on a multi TB database). As a backup to a more "live" backup, it's nice to have though. Plus it's dead simple to restore a DB via pg_restore in a lower environment for testing. > Because she can make $70k as a cleaning lady by living in a city where a lot of households make $500k+ and can afford to pay more than the average for cleaning services. I suspect cleaning ladies in Nebraska don't make $70k... I suspect the vast majority of cleaning ladies in SF don't make $70k either. (emphasis mine) > As a west coaster, I can't stand Chicago or New York. The weather sucks, the topology is boring, the people are either boring Midwesterners, or crass north easterners . I'm happy the west coast gets more play, though I would probably not want to live in SF. While the stereotypes exist for a reason (and anybody who's lived in NYC or Chi-town testify to these particular ones), have to disagree with you on the being able to put up with "those" people. It's the west coast that is the outlier here as a (stereotypical) bunch of pansies who can't (again stereotypically) deal with rawness of reality. I can't wait for the video of one of these straddling buses trying to pass another one while a third supersized one straddles the two of them > Plus, I don't think parent asks why don't WE scan/ocr/machine learn translate them, but why the archeological community doesn't. Pure speculation but if it's like any other scientific community the pressure to be the first to publish would take control. Releasing scans, pictures, etc would allow someone else to beat you to the punch which means they'll get the fame and future funding. So why wouldn't anybody who's not an idiot immediately withdraw all their BTC from these guys so that they can keep 100% of what's left? I didn't say trading, I said withdrawal. Are they suspending that as well? (the article does not say) > Let's Encrypt is pretty great, but if you have the money get a paid SSL. Not all SSL certs are created equal. Say what? Besides the faux security of the green bar for an EV cert, what's the difference between a LetsEncrypt and a paid one? (non-EV) > Heads up: I work for a company that speeds up the background checks used for EV. How much faster? The one time I've gotten an EV cert it took a couple hours to get verified. Didn't seem too long at all and compared to the time to plan the swap out of the cert in production, the wait was a non issue. The verification itself was a joke though. It was basically just a phone call asking "Are you X? Ok great! Here's your cert!" > Tying real world identities to public keys is very much a part of crypto. Joe User isn't going to look at the details and validation chain of a certificate. The whole idea of the green bar for "more trusted" is a scamola by the cert providers as they saw the writing on the wall for their margins going to zero for domain validated ones (granted they saw it early enough to get traction on it!). How long does it take to get used to using something like this? Is it worth the effort? How does it compare to a natural keyboard (the slightly more normal looking split one by Microsoft)? Original title was "IRS Increases 'Marriage Penalty,' Unmarried Cohabitants To Get Twice The Mortgage Interest Deduction" but the HN title char limit is 80 so truncated/reworded a bit. > I wouldn't mind if the state was collecting the money. Prison is a punishment and you shouldn't be able to just chit chat all day. If there's one thing we don't need, it's a fiscal incentive for the government to jail people. Prison is meant to be a punishment for crimes and (depending on who you ask) an opportunity for rehabilitation. Without the latter you're going to have way more of the former. I'm not saying that inmates should have 24/7 free phone calls, free video calls, etc but price gouging a captive ( no pun intended ) audience isn't right either. Every time I see Yahoo! written with the suffixed "!" I think of every El Reg headline regarding them. Here's a recent example: "Yahoo! is! not! killing! Messenger! today!, just! the! desktop! client!" - http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/05/yahoo_messenger_is_n... And here's one from over 14 years ago! "Yahoo! Rips! Up! Privacy! Policy!" - http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/04/03/yahoo_rips_up_privac... I've never met anyone in the corporate world that does not suffix a digit to their password that increments with each mandatory password change. Most people start with "foobar"[1] then become "foobar2", "foobar3", etc. [1]: Or maybe "Foobar" (because you need a capital letter) or "Foobar!" (because you need a capital letter and a non-alphanumeric letter). In most cases at best it's neutral and at worst it creates a pre-scheduled phishing opportunity. Alice gets an email saying, " Reminder: Your password will expire needs to be updated " and she cheerfully complies. Every LDAP password policy I've seen only prevents the previous N passwords (usually 5 or 6), requires some combination of upper case, lower case, and numbers, and possibly some punctuation. I've never seen one that actually compares permutations of your prior passwords to check for a minimum change set. Are the authentication backends in-house, FOSS, or off the shelf products? http://pbfcomics.com/book/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_the_Fuck_to_Sleep Intro to programming in Python - I don't remember which one though. I think it was one of the O'Reilly ones. > As I get older I find I care less and less about whether or not others like me. I came to that conclusion around 13 or 14. It's been a very pleasant and if I had to put it one way or the other, I'd say most people do like me. > Now, respect is another matter. If I had to choose, I'd rather be respected than loved. Love is good, respect is great, but fear is the one that gets results! > It's amazing to me the people that openly express sociopathic tendencies on HN. It's more amazing that the majority of people, both online and in meatspace, prefer to sweep reality under the rug. What's sociopathic about being able to recognize and deal with these types of situations as they come up in your life? > The backends don't matter. It's the password-changing frontend that has both passwords at change time and makes the call. I asked about the backend to see if you know of one that supports more than just the current password. You can assume you have the current one as it's required to confirm your current identity. What you wouldn't have is the plaintext of the prior N passwords (N>1). A custom backend could save the previous N hashes and either check for exact matches or check permutations against it. I'm just not aware of any off the shelf system that does so. > This isn't about setting the characteristics of a single password, it's about setting the allowed editing distance between them during a password change. Sure but I meant across more than just one previous password. In the system you describe if I have "FooBar1" and "BazQuz7" as both being acceptable, I can hop between them endlessly. > What the system I describe does not prevent is switching between "FooBarX" and "BazQuxY" where X and Y are changing numbers or characters every time you switch back to them. To prevent that you would need a custom backend, sure. Yes that's what I figured. Thanks! Thinking about the problem a bit, I came up with two possible solutions[1]. The first is to save N prior hashes and brute force the permutations. The main issue with this is that if the CPU cost of the hashing is non-trivial (which you hope it would be) then this will be prohibitively slow (though still feasible for a small number of permutations). The second is to store the plaintext of the old passwords encrypted using the current password. That way after verifying the current password you can decrypt the old ones and run the permutation checks against those as well. Updating the password would decrypt/encrypt the old passwords with the new password as the key[2]. [1]: If anybody else is following this thread and wants to build this, it's all yours! [2]: Or more likely the new password would be the seed used to derive a key. > Caring more about getting things from people more than the actual people in your life (ie, using fear to get what you want) is the very definition of a sociopath. > What amazes me is that you are open about it. Most sociopaths try to hide that fact, because once people realize they are being manipulated you lose control. Ha! Who said I'm like that? I'm talking abstractly. When your circle of friends intersects with a friends circle, you get to see a lot of interesting dynamics. One of those is fear and, speaking frankly, it's pretty disgusting. But that doesn't mean it doesn't exist. > Genuinely curious: what sorts of results have you achieved by employing fear? I don't think I've done anything of this sort. My comment is based on observations of the world around me. Not just me and my friends, but them and their friends, their interactions etc. In the corporate world, I've seen fear be a very motivating factor. Whether it's keeping your job, keeping your bonus, being assigned to a team, or avoiding a crap assignment, fear is definitely a factor. You can see it people and it's not uniform. In the social world, I've seen people extend invitations out to parties to people they genuinely cannot stand. Not because they want to, but because if they don't, they're afraid the person is going to talk shit about them. No https and no pricing info means no bueno. > In addition to what you've said, the maximum penalty for whatever crime someone is charged tends to be about 10 x higher than anywhere else on the planet (probably because of the stacking), and many things have been declared serious crimes in the US that would be minor offenses and barely be persecuted elsewhere. See Aaron Schwartz. The penalties in the American justice system parallel the pricing of medical care and the rationale used to justify them is the same as well. # Health care : " WTF?! My 1-hour doctor's visit came out to $18,000?! " " Nah don't worry! Nobody actually pays that amount. The doctor just put that there as a starting point when negotiating with the insurance company! " # Criminal justice: " WTF?! The penalty for stealing a loaf of bread is 10 years in prison[1]? " " Nah don't worry! Nobody actually serves that amount. The prosecutor just put that there as a starting point when negotiating with your legal representation! " [1]: I have no clue what the actually penalty would be, and it would vary state by state, but you get the idea. To all the upvoters, did you actually read the linked slides or are you just upvoting because it has "PostgreSQL" in the name[1]? Interesting to see this many votes with zero comments. It is a great set of slides by the way. The btree piece would be old news to anyone familiar with database related data structures but the detail on GIN, GIST, and particularly BRIN make for a good read. Seeing the physical layout for each of those gives you a much better understanding of the cost of maintenance and what situations would they'd be useful. Also, if you happened to follow the recent Postgres/Uber thread, this gives a lot more context as to how updates to a row would cascade to many writes for each index. [1]: ... which isn't a bad idea anyway because PostgreSQL is awesome! > Same question could be asked of anything "written in Go" Haha. I 've noticed that as well. It does beg the question, would a Postgres driver written in Go cause the HN front page to sink into a black hole of upvotes? > The USMS will not transfer any bitcoins until it has confirmed receipt of purchase funds from the buyer. I wonder if you can reverse the wire and keep the bitcoins. > The USMS will not transfer bitcoins to an obscene public address, a public address apparently in a country restricted by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), a public address apparently associated with terrorism, other criminal activities, or otherwise hostile to the United States. How would a bitcoin address be located in a foreign country? Or even located anywhere? And wouldn't anyone participating in this create a brand new address with the private key in cold storage? > These skeleton keys can be used to install non-Redmond operating systems on locked-down computers. In other words, on devices that do not allow you to disable Secure Boot even if you have administrator rights – such as ARM-based Windows RT tablets – it is now possible to sidestep this block and run, say, GNU/Linux or Android. What's the point of disabling the ability to install another OS? I can understand having a bit (that you can flip) in the BIOS that prevents accidentally or maliciously overwriting the boot sector of an OS. But what's the point of completely preventing it? What does it accomplish besides neutering the device and pissing off people that are trying to replace the OS? > The security reasoning is that the device must boot intended operating system, and not just any system that conveniently lies around on drive. This is to prevent attack of switching operating system with look-a-like and stealing sensitive information from unsuspecting user. I'm not saying being able to have signed OS's is a bad idea. What I'm wondering is why isn't this something that the user can enable/disable? Say secured with a long BIOS password. I'd wager 99.999% of people don't have to worry about evil maid attacks and those that do aren't going to defer to Microsoft's defaults as counter measures. > Also to prevent attacker from booting into another OS and reading disk content. Bullshit. If they really want that they can rip out the hard disk. If you don't want people reading your plaintext then don't store it as plaintext. Encrypted disks unlocked at boot is a solved problem. Having the device default to not booting other OS's unless you go into an unsecured BIOS and flip a bit would cover the majority of cases. All you need is a secure boot path into the BIOS that malware presumably wouldn't be able to replicate from a booted OS. > A serious question :- In the context of this story, what is the difference between wikileaks offering money for information from a whistle blower and a media outlet offering money for a story (ie chequebook journalism)? I see it more like when the police offer a reward for " information leading to the capture of ... ". There's nothing inherently wrong with the media paying for information. It's the same as paying for hotels and plane tickets to get to and stay at where the story is. The money issue becomes real when it flows in the other direction. Here's XYZ to run this pro-Clinton piece where XYZ could be something tangible like cash or intangible like future access for quotes/interviews. I think all the events need better coverage. I've seen more footage of Ryan Seacrest drinking caipirinhas than that of the sports I'd enjoy watching. Is it too much to ask in 2016 for a single web page that lets me filter down to each event and see all the heats leading up to the final? Or how about a single page with all the events happening live so I can put the one I actually want to watch? Thanks! I think that might be what I'm looking for but, try as it might, my browser won't load any of the streams. Not sure if it's plugin related or if the site is simply being hugged to death. Nope that's not it. Getting the same hanging in both Chrome and Firefox so must be something else. Page loads fine, it's just the video streams that never load. > Obviously we need to add the date the coordinates were encoded. The decoding will have to apply correction based on ample databases of tectonic data. A simple formula will not work, a major earthquake can move a rift by some 5-10 cm. And you need to know exactly what plate does the coordinate refer to, is not as simple as 'Australia moves 7cm a year', consider parts of California east vs. west of the fault. Well, that spiraled out of control fast... It makes the time issues like [0] seem trivial by comparison. I didn't think it was possible to come up with an idea worse than leap seconds but we did it guys! > I don't think it's a well-known thing, but their other properties, like the George Washington Bridge show "no photographs" signs. I make sure to take a cell-phone photo every time I ride my bike up there. Nice! Whenever I've seen one of those signs I feel like there should a sibling sign next to that reads, " No reading this sign! ". > We rent our current home with another couple for $6200 a month; Wow. I can't believe someone would be willing to pay $3100 (assuming they split it 50/50) to share a home with another couple. I don't care where you live or how "hot" the market is; that's asinine. > $3100 is still a high amount. How would this be any different for a couple to rent an (equally sized) apartment with another couple for the same amount? That price makes sense for the area. That's equally asinine. Arguably, even more so if both couples are sharing one bathroom. > the rent is $6200 for each couple. Wow ^ Wow! Half of that amount to share a place was ridiculous enough. Paying that full amount in rent every month is a different level of stupid. > My sample size is only the set of projects that I've personally worked on, but in the projects where I have intentionally profiled where the time is being spent, I have only ever run into UX-impacting CPU bottlenecks when working on games. Try out any "enterprise" app that thinks its a good idea to load 25,000 widgets on one page. That'll show you the meaning of "CPU bottleneck". Maybe offer broadband to people in the state next to yours. An "internet swap" between towns. Then it'd be under federal jurisdiction rather than state. This would probably only work for towns close to the border and at best would demonstrate how stupid the legal landscape for competitive internet access has become. There should be a separate domain for buzzfeed's long form articles. I suppose I could make an anti-listicle filter but having it be explicit would be nicer. If the top level is the same you can use a wildcard (*.example.com) cert. > We are reducing the prices for EBS snapshots by 47% for all AWS Regions. This is one of the reasons I love AWS. Sure things some may be priced higher than alternatives ( cough bandwidth!! ) but I don't recall prices ever rising. Once you build something sustainable, your marginal costs only go down over time. > What competitor of theirs has raised prices over time? Sorry if that wasn't clear. I meant the initial prices for their competitors are less, not that the competitors raise their prices. AWS may be more to start with but it's a known entity that can be factored into considering the feasibility of an idea. If X is feasible given current prices, it'll continue to be feasible and possibly more so when prices drop further. > 3. Google's Sustained Use Discounts vs AWS RIs Big +1 on that one. Getting reserved instance correct always feels like a form of voodoo mathematics ( I want to save money but what if we scale?! ). The old light/medium/heavy was odd enough but the new no/some/full upfront is a effectively usury. You're agreeing to pay the whole thing regardless of the up front amount so the other two options are effectively a high interest loan to buy the full upfront fee. > You're missing the use-case where you want to use a wildcard certificate and an EV certificate. You can't get an EV wildcard certificate. Yes that's not possible as EV certs are not issue for wildcards. My counter is that EV certs are for chumps and the entire concept is a scamola. The only justification I'd accept for getting one is proper A/B testing that an EV cert lead to increased revenue. There's no inherent security argument for them. They should do this in flyover country too. Zika? > Nobody but a complete degenerate wakes up one day and says "You know what, I think I'm going to mainline some heroin." Opioid addiction starts with pills. If you take heroin out of the equation, they're going to start making krokodil or some other shit. You can't solve the drug problem until you solve the doctor problem. It doesn't have to be pills. Snorting and smoking opioids is another way to start as well. The rest of your comment checks out though. I can't even stand getting a flu shot so the thought of shooting up heroin gives me chills. > Probably most striking, though, is another thing lacking: education. Quite simply, there is none, academic or moral. I already love this! If there's one thing that children need to experience at an early age, it's that the majority of what they'll deal with in life will have no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Life should be enjoyed for life ... it doesn't always have to be a backhanded way to learn to count. > Probably most striking, though, is another thing lacking: education. Quite simply, there is none, academic or moral. I already love this! If there's one thing that children need to experience at an early age, it's that the majority of what they'll deal with in life will have no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Life should be enjoyed for life ... it doesn't always have to be a backhanded way to learn to count. Anybody in the HN crowd have experience using this? How does it perform on a WAN? I've never met someone else in the corporate world that contributes to FOSS. > They’re there during the school year, too, even during the winter — it’s the only way they can complete their online math homework. Why is there homework online? Has this been shown to be better in any way for children learning math or just a cop out by lazy teachers to be able to automatically grade the assignments? I can't imagine learning math with anything besides a pencil and paper (yes even calculators are mostly bullshit). > Do you actually believe the public school system's goal is to educate children? More like freeing up parents to go to work (and tax), and employing teachers and administrators. It's nearly impossible to fire teachers, thanks to a public sector union who's got their back. They do a shitty job of that as well. To solve that problem school should be year round, start at 8am and end after 5pm. That way a parent can have a full time job without having to take their kid to school after their job starts and picking them up before it ends. > So, asking if something the public school system is doing is student focused betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of its purpose. It's implementation that's flawed, not the idea. Public schools are a grand concept and can work. They just need to fix the hours, get rid of the teacher's unions ( don't like it? Great, go work somewhere else! ), and hire proper teachers. While you're at it replace defined benefit plans with defined contribution one's so the full costs are accounted for rather than passed on to the kids in the classroom. > A math course without a computer is not a modern math course. Why does it have to be a modern math course and what part of elementary school math is "modern math"? Counting, arithmetic, algebra, geometry, and trigonometry, and even calculus are hundreds of years old. > Humans are not going to advance the field, or even keep up to date, when it is insisted that students do everything their equally intelligent predecessors did plus new things. I'm not saying don't use advanced technology, I'm saying you don't need advanced technology to learn anything from 1 + 1 = 2 through differential equations. It's a hindrance, not an asset. > Something has got to go, and top of my list is a vast amount of pen and paper bullshit. The idea that technology can solve everything is what needs to go. At some point people need to sit down and put the time and effort into learning. You can't automate and gamify everything. >> Nowhere in the fear center of Honnold’s brain could the neuroscientist spot activity. That line reads like it'd be the intro to a bad ( or good? ) action movie. > We used to say something similar about MUDs. Don't start, because you'll end up spending days and nights on a terminal in the basement of the library and your work/outside life/everything else will be put on hold. > Multiplayer games... the drug of nerd generation X? MUDs, MUSHes, Doom, Quake, Starcraft, shit posting on Reddit, dropping knowledge bombs on HN[1] ... the venue changes but it's all the same waste of time. Not necessarily a bad thing either. [1]: Feel free to swap HN and Reddit. > This is my progression as well :^) I never said that list was arbitrary or randomly generated :D Why would I want to sign all (any?) of my commits? Releases sure, but every single one? What's the point? Tangentially on topic, when did keybase get that terrible logo? It looks like it'd be the mascot for an off-brand bag of potato chips. I'd wager dollars to donuts that women with lower pain tolerances and more willing to treat pain with drugs, would also be less capable of raising children. They'd also be more likely to report their children as suffering from ADHD, simply because they can't deal with the child. "You skim the HN comments about life in the valley. You haven't bothered to read the article so you do not realize it's a satire. You decide to comment anyway." "Six minutes of continuously refreshing the page later, you get a reply from a throwaway account calling you out for not even skimming the article. You contemplate deleting your comment but decide that would look even worse. You then wonder why you don't set up a throwaway account of your own for your less thought out comments." This isn't something you'd expose to your end users right? It seems more targeted for in house analysts. If that's the case, why would one want to use this vs. having analysts use (or learn) SQL? Typing "Who's the highest paid employee?" looks cool but the equivalent SQL is simple as well. I'm not sure I could necessarily express a more complicated example in a natural language, and even if I could, it wouldn't feel natural. > The value is more than the price cooked versus DIY. To me it's a bargain because I'll eat something way worse for me if I'm in a rush and there's nothing available. We don't want to stop at McDonalds because I'm running late from work, my wife and daughter had an activity until 6, and we already ate everything in the fridge. Boom, chicken. Yes these are awesome for that perfect blend of fast, easy, and not quite junk food. I wouldn't recommend having one 7 days a week but you can pick one up in place of fast food and feed you and your kids guilt free. > EDIT: I don't want to entirely rag on McD's. I love McD's and the mere existence of the McDouble[1] proves that the human race is doing just fine. [1]: http://nypost.com/2013/07/28/the-greatest-food-in-human-hist... > But sometimes it's also very easy to please people. Big data: just insert 10M records in a database and suddenly everyone is happy because they now have big data :| Since when is 10M records is considered big data? My goto gauge for big data is that it can't fit in memory on a single machine. And since that means multiple TB[1] these days, most people don't really have big data. [1]: *Heck you can even rent ~2TB for $14/hour! https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/x1/ Oh haha. I thought that was a typo! > A good argument stands on its own. Who the maker of it is, is irrelevant. Damn straight! I'd like things to go even further in the opposite direction. Usernames should be hidden for N days, say until the article is locked for updates. You'd want to make sure the usernames remain consistent throughout an article though (so you know it's the same person you're replying to). @dang: If you want a simple way of implementing this that doesn't require any extra storage (per user), how about HMAC(JSON.stringify([username, storyId], secret)? Posts or comments or both? AMD seems to operate like a middle America mom and pop sandwich shop. Products are decent, lots of people rooting for them to succeed, they never seem to pull ahead, yet they also manage to live on (if only to continue their struggle). > "Terrorism can only be good for business." Maybe domestic terrorism but not international. Private prisons only make money when people are captured alive and locked up on US soil. > Is it really possible to have an "observer" of a self driving vehicle step in to save it in the event of an emergency? If you trust the vehicle for thousands of hours, and it never has a problem, you would of course start sleeping, reading, watching movies, etc. while it drives. The act of driving keeps you engaged, watching a car drive itself would be beyond boring. " BEEP! BEEP! Wake up Jim! Our simulation predicts we'll be getting into an accident after we turn the upcoming bend." Is there a complete list of YC partners? I don't see one one anywhere on the site. So if one exercises even just one of their stock options would they have full access to the cap table for a standard Delaware C-corp anytime they want to value their shares? > That actually seems quite reasonable. How else can the stock be valued? I'm not saying it's unreasonable. Far from it. I'm trying to casually suggest a way for the startup proletariat grab the reins of their futures! Having seen how demand side subsidies destroy the rest of the education sector, why oh why would they think this is a good idea for tech? If they want to promote tech boot camps they should have community colleges open free to the public ones. Then all the bullshit paid ones will have to compete against a free product and the price will go down. To solve the demand issue start off with a lottery system and tweak class size accordingly. The upvote button (because I'm a hater and all I do is downvote). > Community college students are not very smart on average, so it's very difficult to teach proper computer science. Economic standing and intelligence have jack shit to do with each other. Now education is impacted by wealth, but not raw intelligence or capability. I'd wager the majority of CC students are there because they don't have the funds to go to a 4-year school. Now I'm generally against the government intervention like this, but if they are going to do something, I'd much rather they do it like this rather than dish out money with zero oversight. It's got a fixed cost (facilities + teacher's salaries), can be tailored to the local community, and within months of a student completing a class you'll get feedback on whether it's working. > And community college professors are generally older and not very fad driven so it's unlikely they will effectively teach the Rails-Mongo-Heroku stack (complete with unsanitized inputs). I've taught in the past and genuinely enjoy it. If there was a local forum for me to do so I'd be game to do it part time. Throw in a decent amount of $$$ and I'm sure you'll find others as well. Someone should make something like this that could be given an arbitrary file and simply removes metadata from it. For example, remove GPS and camera data from pics or author license key info from Word docs and PDFs. > That simply isn't true. Intelligence tests - e.g. the older SAT - are strongly correlated with wealth. That's education, not intelligence. The former is a function of the latter and your surrounding resources. I don't care how intelligent you are, your not going to know the meaning of some seldom used SAT vocab word unless you've studied the language and that study takes education (both classroom and self directed). Cedar? I hardly know her! Very cool! Thanks for sharing. > It's entirely possible that it's scams all the way down. It's entirely probable that it's scams all the way down. > "Orange cones are really a great prototyping tool," says the activist. "They put something on the ground that's visible. Cars really slow down around orange cones—it's really a remarkable feat of psychology." Keep this up and pretty soon it'll be like when CNN prefixes a headline with " BREAKING NEWS: ... ". If you think that's bad, check out forex trading accounts. I don't have the exact stats on hand but an insane percentage of them get completely wiped out. I'm not talking about losing some of your money, I mean 100% of the money in your account and possibly owing even more. > Is something going on with these? About two months ago I started getting 3-4 spam calls per day. Never had anything before that. I think there are "waves" of it picking up. There was a time a few years ago where everybody and their dog was receiving a robocall about buying an extended vehicle warranty or Rachel from card services "just checking in". > "If a viewer wants to watch, for instance, an animal movie and sends a request to the equipment, it will show the relevant video to the viewer…this is two-way communications," said Kim Jong Min, head of the centre in charge of providing information and technology, according to NK News. Hong Gildong wants to watch a funny cat video, the request is sent to the central server, processed, and a video displaying the achievements of glorious leader will be displayed. Hong Gildong wants to watch an action movie, the request is sent to the central server, processed, and a video displaying the achievements of glorious leader will be displayed. Hong Gildong wants to watch an award winning drama, the request is sent to the central server, processed, and a video displaying the achievements of glorious leader will be displayed. Hong Gildong wants to watch a movie about a rebel insurrection, the request is sent to the central server, processed, and a video displaying the achievements of glorious leader will be displayed to entertain him until the delocation squad arrives. Seriously though, with all the crap that we give to internet companies for gathering data and using it for ad targeting, imagine all the other kinds of "targeting" that could happen. I bet there is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honeypot_%28computing%29 > Since the configuration file is kept in the same repository as the code, configuration options or secrets can easily be changed or added by developers themselves. This is terrible advice. Code and config should be separate. Otherwise you can't deploy the same code to a different environment. > If you want to run local environment you can simply create your own configuration. Externalizing config forces you to cleanly handle local environments as well. There's nothing special about them. I generally recommend having an env.example file listing out required environment variables with sensible local defaults. This eases onboarding a new developer or even an existing developer on a new machine. > I don't really see what you gain by moving configuration files into a separate repository. Because config and code should be kept separate. Updating the database that your production app is using is not a code change. It's a config change. Setting up a new CI environment should not require pushing new code. If you have a production issue in version X, separating code and config allows you to reproduce it using an isolated database/mq/foobar service. It's exactly the same code. > You are. Why not own it? Not all businesses need to smell like a bed of roses. Exactly. I know a guy that literally runs a business that smells like shit. They pump septic tanks and he's doing great. There's a natural apprehension for competitors to enter a market like that, must be similar for things that figuratively smell like shit too (like this). This looks pretty cool. Any idea of which database they're doing this on? I don't see it listed out in the article anywhere. I would guess it's a FOSS database (i.e. either Postgres or MySQL) but also wouldn't be surprised if at their scale they've created something entirely in house. Probably not. I doubt you can donate your digital "used" books either. Plus gas. Plus depreciating your car. Plus paying your own benefits. Plus 1099 double taxation. Yes that's pretty disingenuous. > Blockchain, on the cloud. Synergised and vertically integrated for streamlined UX. Shit! Where's my checkbook?! I have to cut these guys a seed round before they try to actually build anything. Otherwise it'll become apparent that this series of words have nothing to do with each other! > An untethered stealth jailbreak that installs without user interaction from a webview, that's almost as bad as it gets. And for iOS 7.0.0 - 9.3.4 inclusive. And with exfiltration of audio, video, whatsapp, viber, etc etc. So thorough and so bad :-/ Short of being triggered completely in the background by an UDP packet, what's worse than this? I can't tell if this comment is genuine or sarcastic. If it's genuine, how the heck would you get support for something like this? It'd be the ultimate NIMBY. NMMYA? > I am more a `killall ` guy. I've made a note to name the executable for my next daemon "humans". > TL;DR: Always have a written employment agreement before beginning work. Funny thing about that is it's true for the company too. Sounds like he took all the "tech" with him and now they don't have the code for their own platform. How long till it's forked and prefixed with "TheOne"? Step 1: Ban direct to consumer marketing. Step 2: Ban doctor kickbacks including "educational seminars" in the Caribbean. Step 3: Join the rest of the western world and establish a single payer system. 1 Infosys 33,289 $79,201 2 Tata Consultancy Services 16,553 $69,648 If this is really a lottery, how the hell do they end up with this many? Is the lottery random per applicant and they just submit 100s of 1000s of applications? The opinion of a lot of Phillipinos is that if they simply arrest them, the criminals will weasel out. Either via bribes or lawyers. Killing them on the spot "solves" that problem. Considering he's doing exactly what he said he'd do, I'd say the people got what they asked for. The policy I find even more interesting is where he tells the populace to take matters into their own hands and do the killings themselves. I think he said he'd pardon anyone that kills a drug dealer. Click bait title aside, this is still pretty stupid. > Google then shocked him again, in a good way. Within four hours of tweeting, someone from Google had contacted him and had restored access to his project. So the support channel is to bitch on Twitter and hope someone sees it? Please let it be Zookeeper! https://zookeeper.apache.org I don't think they're looking for a new one but every time I see that logo I think they should. Great job! Now every time I use a CountDownLatch that song is going to be stuck in my head. ^/s! > Then just post that. Having the +1 or -1 at the start of the comment helps a reader scan through quickly to find the pro/con comments. It's easier to track the conversation. Too big to fail my ass. There's no such thing when it comes to security. If anything, that's more reason to cut them loose. If a CA pulls shit like this they need to be revoked immediately and let the wrath of 1000s of businesses that are impacted by cert warnings rain down upon them. That will 1) Solve the security problem immediately and 2) Publicize what it means to get a cert from a crap CA that doesn't care about security. Sure it will suck for the "little guy" who didn't know but, if you don't do this, he'll never know and never learn. My default "adult conversation" on this topic involves short four letter words. > The American people, he said, have a reasonable expectation of privacy in houses, cars and electronic devices — but he argued that right is not absolute. They forgot the most important one: your mind. What I keep in there is mine and mine alone. If that happens to be a 12 word passphrase that unlocks a GPG key, well, sucks to be you. > A dedicated, virtual server that runs your postgres version in replica mode. It continuously receives changes from your primary database server, becoming an off-site backup. This isn't an offsite backup. This an offsite replica that will faithfully replicate a "DELETE FROM account WHERE true". Marrying that with a scheduled logical pg_dump and/or physical pg_basebackup that runs against the local copy (for performance and not impacting the master) would create a true offsite backup. Until then, it's just one more place that will get wiped out when the source data is accidentally destroyed. Is the backup process running in a VM or container? From a security standpoint the former would be a lot stronger though it would be a lot more resource intensive on your end. Within the realm of pg_dump completing in a reasonable amount of time, this is a fine strategy. Bonus points if the server that runs pg_dump and uploads to tarsnap has write-only access (to tarsnap), uses unique unguessable prefixes for the backups, and is distinct from the server that manages cleaning out old backups. Course that's probably way overkill for a personal server :D > I won't comment on the specifics of this case, but a more nuanced approach regarding security is preferable because it favours transparency. Certificate Transparency solves a lot of this already. It'd be nice if you could flag your domain as being only acceptable from a CA of your choosing. I don't even think the false positives would be an issue as worst case you have security conscious customers not coming to your site (i.e. you make the business decision). > If a vendor/CA/whatever knows that they will die if anything comes out, they will bury things like this even deeper. There's already ways to handle this. Rather than signing everything with your top level cert, you sign a series of intermediate certs and use those to sign the end user keys. The intermediate certificates would be rolled over every N days and creation of new ones should happen offline (i.e. where you keep your master CA cert, the "approved" one). If you have a system like that in place before shit hits the fan, the damage is isolated to the impacted intermediate certs which could be selectively revoked/blacklisted. If a CQ has not taken those precautions then they've got no recourse when something like this happens. From a user's perspective, I wouldn't want my browser/OS/app to trust any certificates from these losers. If they can't isolate the damage that's their and their customer's problem. I'm not going to compromise my security for their sake. > Why? If you're worried about someone overwriting old backups, don't: You can't overwrite or modify archives in tarsnap. Once created they can only be read (if you have the read keys) or deleted (if you have the delete keys). Nice. Some reason I thought a write key would be able to overwrite as well. If that's not possible then yes it's not necessary to have random prefixes. Fyi, most of my tarsnap usage is in "set it and forget" mode so been a while since I perused the docs. The random prefixes would apply if you're using something that doesn't provide overwrite protection like pushing blobs directly to S3. > Edit: Not sure why'd you want unique unguessable prefixes, the data is accessed with the key. I actually encode timestamp information into my backup names for easy display. The random prefix is to prevent overwriting an existing backup. See the sibling comment from cperciva and my reply to it. > Whatever you do, don't fat-finger ctrl-w or similar. :( You could add a onbeforeunload handler to prevent that. You'll immediately recognize it from every other annoying web page that adds uses. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowEvent... Add a step 0: flip coin for who cuts > Some of the stolen passwords were encrypted with SHA-1, while 32 million were encrypted with bcrypt, Motherboard reports. The passwords were also secured with a salt, a random data string added to strengthen the encryption. Even though these passwords have now been dumped online, it does not appear that the encryption protecting them has been cracked. Whenever I've seen passwords stored without a salt it's either because there is no salt or the salt is derived from the username. If it's the latter, it's only a matter of time till the specifics are figured out. I'd be very surprised if there is a random salt for each of the SHA-1 passwords that's stored separately from the hashes themselves. Anybody here have experience with storing SSH public keys in LDAP or an alternative to syncing them across a range of servers? I've had LDAP authentication to servers but it's always been with passwords. > On a 8 worker nodes (16 cores, 80GB ram, 3TB SSD), we're at around 20k inserts/second, while most of the selects are running at around 100ms (besides some counts and complex queries). Is that 20K separate transactions or are some of the 20K inserts grouped together? Ah very nice! This is exactly what I'm looking for. Couple questions. Does this support multiple sshPublicKey attributes or just one per user? Any performance issues with constantly hitting LDAP? Does he think it prudent for someone to challenge the payment processors with a new network? More specifically, does he think it's possible to supplant the current payment landscape with a new centralized system (non-cryptocurrency)? The background for this question is that it seems like everybody hates PayPal. Venmo, while gaining quite a bit of traction, doesn't seem like it's going to be the one. The rest of the challengers seem to have either died off due to regulation or lack of uptake. The trainageddon™ coming in 2019 isn't going to help Brooklyn rental prices either: http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/train-shut-18-months-sta... > According to this article [1], the compromised app was indeed signed – but with a different Developer ID than usual. That's the terrible part about all of this. Having signed applications without any verification of the signer is pointless. A simplistic, yet more secure approach, would be to have domain validated keys that could be used to sign applications. Browsers could then verify that the application downloaded from example.com was signed with a key for example.com. I think OSX already stores " This was downloaded from the scary internets! " in a separate resource fork so this info could go there as well. Maybe even cut out the middle mad and put them in DNS SRV records so you don't even need a central CA. If DNS gets compromised the client's have bigger problems already. Unfortunately like all things like this, it'd be forever before it's widespread enough to be useful. That hostname is very difficult to read. I kept squinting and though it was "Documentcy Borg". If you're going to put together something like you need a shorter, catchier name. Here's a freebie name that's (as of writing this) unregistered: page2doc.com (emphasis mine) > One of the things I like best about my industry is that compensation is standardized for people in the first 8-10 years of their careers. At large firms (and government), people get paid based on publicly known scales on a strictly seniority basis. This is bad for people who are good at self promotion (whether or not their is a real basis in that self-promotion), but great for women generally and men who do more than they talk about doing . It sounds like it's great for people who want to do the bare minimum too. If excellence pays the same as mediocrity, why strive for more? > Because mediocrity gets managed out. So for the first 8-10 years, keeping your job is your bonus? Honestly that doesn't sound very pleasant. > LetsEncrypt's certs are not trusted on Blackberrys (including BB10 devices), and because Blackberry's big thing is 'a secure OS' there's no way to side-load[1] a root cert. > Although dwindling rapidly - there's still some big business out there that are still issuing Blackberrys to it's users. What business are you in that Blackberry users are a factor? What percent (or total number of users) would be impacted? Only time I've seen a Blackberry in recent memory is as a stock image on a " Why RIM failed... " article. What about hand sanitizers? Should we not be using those as well or is limited usage ( say keeping a bottle in the car for use before you scarf down a McDouble ) ok? > No more soccer mom directed ads pumping BS about how good it is to have your kids live in a bacterial bubble That's not going to stop. They're just going to switch the messaging to " All natural ... ". > why is this news on site like Hacker News? Why not? I'd much rather read and interact with the opinions of the fine people that make up this community on this topic than anywhere else on the interwebs. Page 29 of 47: https://static01.nyt.com/packages/pdf/politics/hillaryclinto... > exabrial is correct; there is, and has been for decades, a double standard between what the politicos can get away with and what we GS plebs can do. s/politicos/connected politicos/ If Joe Public Servant tries this he goes to jail too ... Only the connected elites are immune. Let the lawsuits and squabbles over negative response billing for iOS apps begin! I want an option, as a consumer, that disables the ability to sign up for anything that has recurring billing. Yes it's possible to have no credit card at all on file for your itunes account ( though they go out of their way for you to not realize that ), but sometimes you may want to actually pay for an app too. I get the marketing/publicity angle of this, but there's no way this is cheaper than hiring an actual person. At least for the part of interacting with customers. > Furthermore, LoweBot is able to assist with inventory monitoring in real-time, which help detect patterns that will able to guide future business decisions. This sounds interesting. Having an army of robots marching down the aisles and scanning inventory seems useful. Wouldn't be as accurate as a human checking behind a box or finding mislabeled merchandise but would probably be more than an 80/20 solution to the problem. > Now what about fish eaters? If you can't taste the difference between red snapper and tilapia, why ever buy red snapper? Obviously there are environmental and health reasons to choose one fish species over another, but is that doesn't seem to explicitly be the problem here. Read up on Tilapia farming a bit and you'll never touch the stuff again in your life. The majority of farms pump the frys with hormones to force them all to be males (vs random mix of male/female). This is because males are generally larger, grow faster, and leads to a more uniform product. Not every farm does this (I think there are some in the USA that don't) but the bad apples have poisoned the entire barrel for me. Since I can't tell where it's coming from I won't eat it. Tis a shame too as it's a relatively hardy fish and it can be raised on a purely vegetarian diet. Taste wise I'm not sure if I could tell the difference between real Grouper and whatever is the knockoff. Would be a fun test to do at home as Grouper tastes awesome. If there's a cheaper substitute that's just as good, I'm all for it! > I wouldn't be surprised if the concern were less about morality than about ingesting unduly high doses of hormones which might have some metabolic effect on humans as well as on fish. Bingo. I have zero moral issue asserting my dominance as the apex predator of this ball of mud to consume any and all prey that my heart desires. What I do take issue with is not knowing the long term effects of things like high doses of hormones on us (humans). I'm not educated enough in that field to know if my fears are well founded, but my gut tells me I'll be better off not eating Tilapia so I don't have to worry about my dick falling off ( or growing a new one! ). Where does the vouch link show up? I don't recall ever seeing one. IF last_name == "Clinton" GOTO out_of_jail ELSE GOTO pound_in_the_ass_prison > 1) store passwords in the password manager, even the ones you think aren't important. Losing the password that unlocks full disk encryption (FDE) is like losing the password that unlocks your password manager. At some point you have to have something stored only in your mind. Now sure you could have your FDE password stored in a password manager as well but that's probably not a good idea. Also, compared to just about everything else saved in a password manager, you'd have to manually type the FDE password at boot. You can't copy/paste it as if anything your password manager would be running on a different computer. > Scribbling the passwords in a notebook isn't a bad idea (although don't write "My Passwords" on the front cover). The security of physical things is well understood by most humans. " Not Passwords " :D > I don't write down my most important passwords and they're randomly generated gibberish. How the hell do you remember randomly generated gibberish of a length that would be cryptographically secure? Multi-word passphrases work great for me for everything that has to be kept in my mind safe. If I had to remember things like " LOZOktjR33IxVbACQsgicUtDubOyz9o2 " I'd definitely have to drink less.