Looking at the OPSkins website ( https://opskins.com ), they have authentication setup so people can login using their Steam account. I'm interested in creating a web app that allows auth via Steam account too, but I'm not seeing any docs about how to make that happen. Anyone know how that's done? [follow up edit] This seems to be it → https://steamcommunity.com/dev Looks like there's a Steam Web API that allow auth via Steam OpenID. Likely workable. :D Developers! Developers! Developers! Kinda thinking it might be beneficial adding this to the libgit2 project itself (eg via GitHub PR). Any objections to that? Just to point out... there's no capital G in PostgreSQL's name. It's either "PostgreSQL" or "Postgres". ;) Also to be super pedantic... it's SQLite, not SQLLite. ;) Definitely agree. The PostgreSQL Community began my serious involvement with Open Source Software, about 15 years ago. It's one of the best groups I've ever seen, due to their patience, friendliness, encouragement of others, and willingness to share info/experiences for mutual benefit. It doesn't hurt that being very good with PostgreSQL is useful on a CV too. ;) Audio very badly stutters here under Firefox on a reasonable spec Win 8.1 PC - 3.6GHz i3-4160 dual core, GTX 970, 16GB RAM. Not an award winning spec system, but for single threaded maximised games (most) it's more than decent. ;) For me, OSX was really good up until 10.6 as well. I used to use 12 or more virtual desktops at a time though (for mental separation), so the massive reduction from having 16+ available at any time to 5-6 without scrolling... massively killed my mental organisation. That one change has reduced my lack-of-distraction immensely. And now with notifications front-and-centre... that's just not understanding people who need to be focused and productive. :( Anyway, I've been trying out OpenBSD over the two weeks (using XFCE and -stable). It seems nice so far. Tried Lumina initially, but it just crashes for me very soon after launch. Also tried compiling -current a few times in the last few days, as I'd like try out stuff with the new vmm subsystem (and maybe make libvirt work), but it's failing to compile every time (bare metal and OSX Fusion). I'm obviously doing something dumb, and will hopefully figure it out later / gain-a-clue. :) Prob need to ask on IRC I guess. ;) Linux is absolutely a great thing for experimenting with, but once you're exposed to something that's planned/thought about... you get the sense it's an ever growing hodge-podge of utilities/functionality designed by people that don't really communicate with each other that well. Computers are growing more powerful, they should make our lives easier. That's not the direction Linux nor OSX nor Windows is going in the last few years. The BSD's each seem to take a more co-ordinated approach (better team communication?), so I'm personally hoping they do better over time. Try out the BSD's in a VM. Some of the command line utilities you're used to in Linux need different arguments, or aren't as feature rich. (I really miss tree mode in ps for example). But, in general the BSD's feel much better organised. Hope that helps. ;) Not the mountains I thought you were meaning. :p "... having worked for a short time at the Chattanooga Aquarium where he fed the sharks." That's also a line for people who died of shark attack. (ok, not Chattanooga Aquarium specifically) Just saying. ;) This article has the start of his journey... and he's 8 year into it now. But it gives no sense as to whether he's just breaking even, is killing it, or what? It wouldn't be that encouraging if after 8 years he's still struggling to make ends meet, whereas if he's killing things (in the positive sense), that's more inspiring. To me anyway. ;) And yet jolla.com has no mention of this (still encouraging buying), and neither does their blog. Um... wtf? Cool. It should be explicitly mentioned in the article though, not left for readers for wonder about and maybe figure out wrongly. ;) Tor is an amazingly good start :) to things. Tails seems to be decent as well. Hopefully there aren't other major vulnerabilities that turn up in it... but that's like wishing for a pink unicorn that er... expresses rainbows rearwards. :D Still doesn't seem that honest to potential customers. Trading when the directors know it's bankrupt is a big no-no legally isn't it? Hadn't thought of that. Thanks. :) The footer indicates REVSYS, but (in my opinion) that doesn't really say anything useful about what I'm meaning. The article itself would be better if it directly mentions this, so people can put it in context from that instead of having to guess. It's possible I'm being an idiot though. ;) "...iTunes in particular is becoming increasingly less about your music, and more about everything apple." This. 100 upvotes for this. If iTunes had a "local storage only" version, that doesn't share jack sh*t with Apple, doesn't potentially upload any sensitive info, doesn't try and force their crap onto people... (and the boundaries get moved with every single forced update!), that would be more than welcome. This is a huge pain point / bug bear for me at least. :( As a "general" kind of point, after using both *BSD or Linux for a few weeks, the BSD version generally feels better engineered. The command line utilities can be markedly different from the Linux version if that's what you're used to, but it's something that can be adapted to. This is a "general feeling" kind of thing though. It seems to be a common sentiment, but may not apply to everyone. YMMV etc. ;) One of the few(?) compelling arguments for cloud storage with no cave-in ability for law enforcement. :/ Kinda wondering if Yahoo's search traffic % would pick up if they do a u-turn into a "we don't track people" platform. eg DuckDuckGo or similar style. Being an actual trustworthy alternative to Google wouldn't hurt. ;) That being said, it seems like the opposite mentality of their current approach. They're not exactly building a trusted brand name for themselves. :( You can launch your games in Offline mode, which stops the need for having to go online/update/contact-the-Steam-servers-before-launch. It's not totally straight forward though. You need to unplug your network device (or turn off wifi, etc) so the initial startup times out, and gives you the option to use Offline mode. There might be a command line switch way to do that too, but I've never looked. ;) Thanks for mentioning this. Hadn't come across Affinity Designer before. Taking a look now, it seems good. Also seems like it would work with my old (mostly offline) macbook running 10.7.5. ;) Facebook is abusive of people's personal privacy, even though it is generally an effective tool for improving people's (layperson's?) communication. So, it's probably a better idea to approach it with a cynical perspective instead of an optimistic (naive?) one. It could turn out to not be estate-tax evasion... however it seems unlikely. Do you believe Google is or isn't a US company which would keep the most interesting stuff to itself/NSA/US-TLA's? Having Google audit the OpenSSL code is not really a problem... but believing them to do things for the benefit of anyone else isn't really feasible. They've shown themselves to be both good and bad actors on multiple occasions, so trying to pick which one this is... guesswork. :( Yeah, but you need to be connected online first for that. eg go through the whole "Steam starts, updates itself, etc". :) Please, re-read my question and think about it a bit. ;) 100,000ft isn't even close to Low Earth Orbit. Isn't calling that a "satellite" mis-representation? :( Guess it depends on the target audience. If you're launching cube-sat's to 100,000 ft for some pre-testing purposes, then "satellite" might make sense. eg environment testing of cube-sat's at 100,000 ft, as part of their dev cycle prior to real (rocket) launch Other than that though... "High-altitude balloon cube-sat", or "Atmospheric cube-sat" maybe? :) Shouldn't this have "(2015)" in the title? Maybe the further development of the LED tech could be useful for creating militarily useful lasers? Missing "(2011)" on the end of that title. :( Wonder how many of the layoffs will be from QA? Fusion 360 is the buggiest shipping product I've ever seen. Really hoping they don't lay off any QA staff. But, seeing the shipping product so far, I'm not optimistic. :( Exactly. Does anyone believe Autodesk won't pull an Oracle once they've transitioned their products to be Cloud only. I don't. :( Hopefully I'm wrong. :) Hopefully you've learned something important about not giving your login credentials for any service, to another service. ;) [And yeah, I'm aware of people doing this for other services too, eg financial account management. Expecting they'll become further anecdotes later one... :(] If you're one of the 135 people's lives they've wasted... you might take it a bit more personally. :D Yeah, I wish the language syntax in Sonic Pi was less Ruby, more Python. But, seriously disliking Ruby is just a personal hangup. ;) You're using GitHub for hosting a straight out commercial advert? That seems... not positive. :( Sure, and he's trying to downplay it. They're wasting 135 people's entire lives worth of time. Every single day. :( They definitely seem like an organisation who's dedicated to checkbox/feature-list improvements, and gaining everyone's complete data set (thus the lack of local file support). Platform stability... less of a priority. :( If they give it a "Manifest Destiny" point of view to work from... that would be a problem! ;) Just to point out... the US is the western only country on the planet which cares, or even mentions, people's skin colour/race AT ALL. Literally every other western country calls people... people. A man is "a man" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc man". A women is "a women" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc woman". Continuously giving skin colour qualifiers in descriptions of people... is (to non-US people) bizarre, and seems to be a large part of the language used to keep racism alive in the US. That's as far as I've been able to tell so far anyway. :( That's not at all what I said. I'm saying the US is the only country which prefaces descriptions of people with info about their skin colour. It seems (to someone not from the US) a truly strange cultural behaviour. [note - edited for clarity] Maybe have it be battery powered, and fly "home" for a recharge during the hours the store is closed? That is one very, very length announcement post. Very TLDR. :( Martin Shkreli described himself as "focused on pharmaceuticals". I think he missed a comma in that. :D Weirdly, the article refers to the Autodesk platform as "forge.com", which it's not. It seems to be called just "Forge". Incidentally, the "forge.com" domain appears to just have a squatter/advert type no-site-here thing for a web page. Missing "(2014)" in the title. Snowdrop has been known about for ages, there are demo's of it on Youtube... and it doesn't look all that good these days (my opinion). Looking through the comments for the top few most funded ones... _many_ (most?) seem to have not provided the thing they were attempting to provide. Lots of unhappy people in their comments, without anything shipped to them. :( Yeah. If they get involved with (say) the GitLab ecosystem, that could both reduce GitHub growth + attract more talent/projects to SourceForge. Both of which they'd be wanting to do. Their QA dept should also get it. People make mistakes during development... but there's no way this should have gotten past even basic QA testing. :( Hi, one of the SQLite Browser team here. Thanks for posting this. :) (Though, I'm kinda wondering why? ;> Our last release was nearly 2 months ago, and nothing super special happened in the last few days from memory... maybe I'm forgetting something? ;>) Anyway, it's all good promo I suppose. :D Wonder what the size of the data set is so far? Likely TB's? Do you reckon buying organic vegetables would help alleviate that in the US? Here in the UK, it seems to be effective for obtaining decent tasting tomatoes. The non-organic ones can taste very bad. Heh Heh Heh That's one way of looking at it. ;) Another way of looking at it is there shouldn't be a product update/release getting pushed out to hundreds of thousands of users (a guess), without passing an extensive validation suite. Developer unit tests are for a different purpose. Unless I missed your sarcasm? :) Thanks. :) Yeah, it's pretty reasonable for doing stuff with SQLite databases, and supports encryption. It's also GPL/MPL licensed, written in C++/Qt, so is fairly cross platform. Precompiled downloads available for OSX/Win, and it's in the packaging/ports system of several Linuxs & BSDs. :) We're kinda needing more C++ dev's though, as the GitHub Issues list is getting a bit out of hand at the moment. O_o Download stats wise... I think it's about 120k/month through GitHub: https://api.github.com/repos/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser/releases (that's a rough guesstimate from last time I looked :>) Is anyone around with experience reversing obfuscated PHP code? We're trying to figure out what the code implanted by some hacker types in our forum pages does: http://www.shapeoko.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=7659 Initial reversing of code here by jacob32123, one of our Community members: http://pastebin.com/U6qwqhSX (line 221+ has more decoded info) If people are around with interest in this kind of thing, and time to assist... it would be really helpful. :) http://www.shapeoko.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=7659&start=10#p60550 Any chance this is your kind of thing? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11093339 Seems like an interesting potential product/project. The Blog seems a bit awkwardly worded - "is open source" instead of "is going open source", as there doesn't seem to be a code repository available yet, nor licensing info, (etc). But, it sounds like you'll be off to a good start when you get those bits in place. :) Wow, that's larger than I was expecting. Um, is there a source for that info? Didn't see it in the referenced article. :) SQLite suitable? That's completely the opposite of my experience. It was only when I got completely fed up with it / gained the courage to well and truly fuck up the people that were bullying me... that they mostly stopped. I'd been learning martial arts for some years by then, which definitely helped. Hey, if you're into C++, you're definitely welcome to submit a PR with a rationalised interface. The UI has started getting featuritis... and we've no problems accepting improvements. :D Cool. Work well enough? Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11074587 There's a rebuttal here too, that seems interesting: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11093434 That lady would certainly have a lot of interesting people owing her favours. ;) This should have "(2015)" in the title, as it's not exactly recent. ;) It's kind of vague as to which law, which can be tricky in an international context as they sometimes conflict. Maybe it needs a get out clause, along the lines of "in case of conflicting laws, this clause is void"? The whole article seems to take the approach that these young women are wrong, and don't know what they're doing. Seems kind of an arrogant viewpoint? :( That's sarcastic yeah? ;) An alternative commercial program (not OSS), but free for Hobbyists is Autodesk Fusion 360. It does have significant drawbacks... but if you're just getting into CNC stuff, it has fairly decent CAM functionality in built, making it a reasonable intro thing. :) It shouldn't be. It's supposed to be for 1 year, and be renewable. I've been using it on and off for a few months now, without issue, if that helps. :) Well, if I'm not sure I ask. And I wasn't sure. :p Do something like this, but actually working: https://github.com/justinclift/EventsMap So a person can see what events are happening in a specific area, in a given time range. It should be: * Visual, using a map service background like the above * Have time range slider (indicting start and stop of time range) * Use the public data sets of conference/events. There are a few around that show up with simple searching: * O'Reillys has this: https://feeds.feedburner.com/oreilly/events * Red Hat has this: https://github.com/OSAS/rh-events * Eventbrite likely has relevant feeds too (lots of data) For a revenue source, you could look at adding planning capabilities into it, direct booking, and reminders. Potentially also group bookings, and/or fees for usage. For companies that want to send X number of devs to conferences over the next 6-12 months, having a good system to know which ones to go to, and accurately track/remind/etc people... is worth money. Maybe not super rich quantities... but it's unlikely negligable either. :) Seems interesting. It's Ceph + Gluster, and useful management console. With support. :) Heh Heh Heh It's kind of sad you sound surprised. :( If you were in their shoes, how would you have handled someone doing that? :) Heyas, Ex-GlusterFS person here (used to work at Red Hat on the project side, leaving mid last year). "Small file access", and "lots of files in a directory" have been a pain point with GlusterFS for ages. The 3.7.0 release had some important improvements in it, specificially designed to help fix that: https://www.gluster.org/community/documentation/index.php/Fe... The latest Gluster release is 3.7.8 (the same series as 3.7.0), and is worth looking at if you're needing a good distributed file system. If you have something like 1Mill files in a single directory though... hrmmm... NFS or other technologies might still be a better idea. ;) Yeah, it seems to be missing the "click here for next steps / further information" bit, which is less than optimal. :( From memory, it was something about not having a central metadata server combined with needing to talk with each of the nodes to get their idea of "the latest version" of file info. Especially tricky when taking into account edge cases, such as when some nodes are failed/down/etc. Unfortunately, I don't remember most of the details. It's fallen out of my headspace in the months since I've left. ;) Ugh. So it's literally still RH Gluster, needing manual setup. Also, there's a sentence on the end of the GlusterFS section there saying: "If you want to deploy a Red Hat Gluster Storage cluster on Compute Engine, see this white paper for instructions on how to provision a multi-node cluster that includes cross-zone and cross-region replication:" Apart from the typo (pedant alert!), the URL on "white paper" goes to a non-public document only Red Hat subscribers have access to. That should probably be that fixed, so non-Red-Hat-subscribers can read the doc and know what they'll need to do up front. If people need to subscribe to RH in order to get that info... just to know what they need to do... that's probably going to hinder adoption. Potentially by a lot. ;) Well, if you use XFS/ext4/etc (local file systems), they do decently. You can make them reasonably resilient by using multiple volumes, split across hosts using SRP (eg infiniband block storage interconnect). That's pretty strictly not WAN-suitable though. ;) Thanks for clearing that up, that's awesome. :) References? What's the name of that community college, so others in your area reading this can know to avoid it? :) That's good to hear. I've been meaning to look at Gogs again, after having first played with it in it's early days (before pull requests were available). Sounds like it's usable now. :) Call it *untu, and be done with it? :D What do you reckon the right way for them do that that would be (in a practical sense)? Thinking about that a bit, it would probably be possible, but there would be downsides that might not make it worth it. For example, supporting people on the low side of hardware specs complaining that X game/software/etc isn't working well enough. Conversely, other people on the same hardware might not have an issue with it. (different levels of "acceptable" for different people) Not sure it'd be worth the effort (any time soon). There are other much simpler things Valve needs to fix first in order to increase sales. :) Hopefully they will be talking to the FBI through lawyers only from now on. :) Wouldn't reducing the transmission losses be worth them putting serious R&D effort/$$$ into? Bit late now. ;) Because the current way patents in the US are viewed, is as ammunition to attack competitors (and potential competitors). :( > You also often have injection-molded parts (e.g., the transducer handle itself) that are expensive to produce (the molds for the injection molding machine are done with 3D solid modeling tools, then CNC machined from steel, etc. Just to point out injection molding, 3D solid modelling, and CNC machining don't have to be super expensive these days. Large volumes, and especially high end stuff... sure that takes a lot of up-front cost. But for smaller volumes (eg prototyping, short run) the costs are very reasonable now. It seems due to continuing development of Open Source hardware and software in these fields, which created good virtous cycles for them. Hopefully this continues... :) Note - saying the above as someone who's into 3D solid modelling and CNC machining already. Haven't gotten into injection molding yet, but it's on my personal ToDo list for not far off. :D Technically... probably possible. Feasible... that would be the R&D required. :D Undersea cables are run for comms. So, super-massive-XXL sized superconductor versions of that...? ;) You can't seriously be saying logical people aren't very curious? :( I've started giving 1-star ratings to both the product and seller, for those that do this "email begging for a review" thing. Frankly, I regard it as spam, and treat them as such. It's really ironic when a seller asks me to rate their item... when I already have given it a 5-star review + appropriate worded comment. It becomes a 1-star review, etc. There is no excuse for spam. Wonder if they would hire someone already in prison, purely to be a placeholder...? :D "... software is not considered complete when it's first released." The author was probably meaning "finished" instead of "complete", which gives a different meaning more in line with the article. Reverse debugging has been around for several years, but hasn't seemed to be widely adopted. Which seems kind of unfortunate, as the concept of it looked really useful. Does rr make reverse debugging much easier than it's previously been in gdb or something? :) As a data point, one of the problems with generics is the falsely made ones. There have been (unfortunately) large pharma companies over the years who manufacture generics, which are later found out to be not even close to manufacturing the real thing, or whose manufacturing processes are extremely unsafe. Ranbaxy and GVK Biosciences are examples that spring to mind from not too long ago. There may have been others since. :( Along with this, one of their unfortunate "policy" type moves is wanting a copy of everyone's data. :( So, anyone using Fusion 360, literally has to store the data in Autodesk cloud. There is no option to keep confidential/private data out of it (by design): https://forums.autodesk.com/t5/ideastation-request-a-feature-or/please-support-quot-local-only-quot-files/idc-p/5831809#M10320 Fusion 360 is a product that crashes often, sometimes several times a day (it varies). More crashes on OSX at the moment than Windows, but YMMV. They want us to store potentially extremely valuable data in their cloud... and we're supposed to believe the server side software will be of higher quality than the client side software (which crashes). Also worth noting, Autodesk has no bug bounty nor similar sensible way to reward disclosure of security bugs to them. They really, really don't want to know. To me, forcing customers to keep stuff in their cloud at the same time as sticking their head in the sand re: security... that's not going to end well. :( Why do you say "they have no bearing on the security of all our customer data stored with us"? The points I made seem (to me) directly relevant to the security of customer data. Honestly curious. :) _ugh_ Juniper Networks is on that list. Maybe we need start avoiding their products. :( " Except we can perfectly communicate visually, and we do it all the time. " Hmmm, someone should create a visual programming language using Dilbert characters & iconography. :) Yeah, 5 cpu's is an order of magnitude difference. ;) As a data point, "dnf" is the successor to yum. Started using it recently with Fedora 23... and it's pretty decent. (It may not have been earlier on, I really don't know. ;>) Something nifty about the new dnf is several of the older yum commands (eg builddep, yum-downloader) are now integrated directly so don't need extra utils installed. Seems like refinement is still happening. If only my fingers didn't keep typing "dns" instead of "dnf" all the time, it would be great. :D Rackspace is also known to sponsor significant resources for larger projects whom ask nicely. GlusterFS is one I used to be involved with doing this, and there are definitely others. If CocoaPods reach out to Rackspace and/or other hosting providers, there's a decent chance they'll be able to pull together a good solution. :) The downside though, is they'll need to figure out some way to keep it monitored/maintained. :/ Yeah. When I was a kid, I had a personal "no homework" policy. To me, school was a defined hours thing, and if they tried giving me stuff to do outside of that... that was their problem, not mine. I never bought into it, nor cared when a teacher complained. Didn't have a bad outcome from that approach either. Dunno. I've started and run my own businesses before, and generally that's taken huge effort. Been happy to do so, as they're obviously worthwhile endeavours. Homework though (of a school variety)... let's say I'm not convinced. :D " ... whilst taking their spawn on day trips. " Awesome. Please, oh please call your kids as minions or henchmen/women " when next talking with them. :D Next, teach her radians. :) She sounds like she'd be good with that. :) Related useful info - "Replication Prohibited", a talk at the recent 32C3 about 3D printing keys: https://media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7435-replication_prohibited Don't suppose those tablets had any kind of microphone or image sensor/webcam built into them? If they're using cheap generic android tablets, they probably do. Should be fairly simple to setup remote blackmail-material-collection. :( Cool, that's an idea I'd had in the back of my head for some time too. Good to see someone's gone ahead and done it, and proven the concept. :D Taulman Nylon 680 FDA would probably be suitable too, for anyone using a more generic 3D printer. :) The "some guy" in this case is a well known Linux developer, working for Red Hat (last I heard). He's not a clueless, random noobie. ;) I'm really hoping this crap badly affects the computers of some large justice/gov systems around the world (and/or the home computers of senior judges). That should get the right people involved for sticking the boots in. Senior judges often don't operate that way. ;) It's unfortunate, but that's probably correct. :( Kind of wondering if this action by MS would count as abusive behaviour by a monopolist. Infiniband as a connection technology would be interesting (to me), but Intel has been developing something called Omni-Path, which seem to be their version of a successor for it. Kind of wondering if these will work with Intel's Omni-Path, and if so, what the shape of that makes things... In theory, could be very interesting. Reality though, we get to find out. :) It was all good until this bit: " In addition, Pepper plugins (PPAPI), such as Flash, are now supported. " Ugh. :( Someone downvoted that? Guess they like Qt adding vulnerabilities. :( Hmmm, spammer_copy.py, with "def send_spam()" defined in there. Something's not right. There are even negatively tall buildings... :) "vacuum" and "sucks". Get it? :D Interesting thoughts. With the HPN-SSH patchset, do you reckon that would be useful to keep enabled for someone using faster than 1GbE hardware? Only, asking for my home network, as I generally use Infiniband there - the adapters are super cheap on ebay. :) Paywall. :( Maybe pick Open Source Software which people pay good money for skills in? :) " His e-mail address is right on the case and if something doesn’t work he can ssh, telnet, or VNC into the box to fix it. " Hopefully the telnet mention is just a stylistic phrase, rather than really meaning they have a telnet daemon enabled by default. No worries at all. Wasn't sure where you were coming from. :) Thanks. Tried the first few, but they led back to the FT paywall. This one seems to have the relevant text though, without going to the paywall: https://tallbloke.wordpress.com/2016/03/18/gchq-saves-uk-sma... Cool. It's good to know they're not being rolled out completely blindly then. Hmmm, how about tradies? eg plumbers They're not unskilled at all, but they also don't go to "college" for the majority of their on-the-job learning. OpenBSD doesn't appear to have Infiniband support either. :( Hopefully by "Open Source" they're meaning something OSI compliant, and not abusing the term as some others have done. Good find. :) So, horror movies are realistic for once. If you see your friend lying dead in the cellar... GTFO of there, it really is zombies (or gas buildup of some variety) . :) > As you could imagine, it takes several tries, dozen or two, maybe even three - depending on that cool password validator of yours. That's confusing. Are you saying 3 dozen login attempts for an existing account shouldn't trigger a lock out? That seems unusual. ;) If they were trying to change their ways, explain forcing Win 10 down everyone's throats except those who actively opt-out via registry setting. They need to walk the walk, which they're not doing. :( Also note their product is/was based on Adobe Flash (now Air?), which is increasingly unpopular, if not being phased out in many places due to it's terrible security record. Just watched the 1min Youtube demo for it. Looks interesting-ish. Stuff that stuck out to me: * Initial bootup sequence (first few seconds of Youtube video) is OSX verbose mode boot-like * IPv4 addresses everywhere * Command syntax is Unix-ish * ... but also has mentions of Windows flavour "C:" drive paths (but with Unix slashes). * Then it BSODs (complete with .dll error message about ATI driver causing kernel corruption. Who'd AMD annoy on their dev team? ;>) Not sure if I'd like it, or the inconsistent mashups of familiar things into not-really-right other things would bug me. Still... might be worth a look. That's excellent news. :) Lockouts on the 5th attempt is fairly common. If you need 20-30 attempts to get into your own account... that sounds like you're doing something wrong. :( Probably need to translate the text to Russian though, but the concept seems ok. :) Thanks, does this look correct? http://ded.ninja/dear_oracle/dear_oracle02ru.jpg Done, thanks heaps. :) Negative points: a) Not Open Source. Still, tried signing up on the free account to see if it's any good, as there's some old PostgreSQL training things in Flash that would be useful updated... b) Account sign-up doesn't work. Typing in email address, then clicking the "CREATE" button... goes forever. The little circle thing just spins and spins. Waited several minutes, then gave up. Oh well. :( Seems to work ok with Ublock Origin. Unlike Red Hat, Canonical are a bad company (ethics wise), mostly sponging off Open Source projects. :( Very few in the Open Source Community would cry if they were to disappear. That's semi-interesting, because the materials + equipment needed to make this are very commonly available. Not every household will have a vacuum chamber, but many people interested in the Maker scene will from resin/silicon casting, vacuum forming, etc. And they've being unethical many times as well. I have personal experience of this. :( Hmmmm, there is Fedora, which is Red Hat's kind of equivalent, and also CentOS. Guessing you're already aware of those and they don't work as well for you? How many axis, what's the volume, what rigidity/accuracy, which materials are you comfortable with? Reading through that, the "native HTML/JS editor" is welcome information. The "We started the year by building a proof-of-concept application on Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, and HTML/JS." is good for Linux support. Any chance of BSD support as well? :) With the 'accurate to 0.001"', how was that measured? Asking because a lot of people new to CNC (as you question seems to indicate) build their machine and don't know they have to spend a fair amount of time fine tuning to get the accuracy to where they want it to be. Not sure if that's the case for you, but pointing it out, just in case. :) With the 'metals' thought, be careful there. Soft metals (eg most aluminiums) are a lot easier to mill than the harder ones (eg cold rolled steel). It might be better to stick to soft metals for a while unless you're sure. :) derekp7: Sounds like the CentOS desktop/workstation builds would be more your kind of thing? Seems like a dupe? There are several announcements for UbuntuBSD already on here (which seems interesting btw). As a thought, talk to the people involved with bio-med prototyping. If you can work in stainless steel, that build volume would likely be of interest to them. (assuming your actual accuracy is workable, but talk to a few places to find their requirements first) I'd rather not get sued. :( Can discuss privately though, if it's relevant to you and you're not employed/contracted/related to Canonical. Stability of software, targeted at those who need it (eg enterprise). With a large supporting ecosystem around that. They have a jobs portal thingy, if that's helpful: http://jobs.redhat.com Won't be Airbus then, as their main CAD system has fairly powerful scripting bits. ;) Heh Heh Heh On one contract about a decade ago, the manager used to proactively screw around with server hardware (eg pull a hdd out of a raid set) when bored, to ensure our recovery processes were always battle tested. Didn't generally cause too many issues... until the one time he pulled a working hdd out of a raid5 set that already had a (real) failed drive, which we were already attempting to recover. It was a production database, but thankfully not a mission critical one :>. From memory, he stopped testing things like that for a while afterwards. ;) There are also (extended) attributes, such as the "immutable" flag, available on some OSs/filesystems. If you're interested, look into chattr for Linux, and chflags for BSDs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chattr Hmmm, so how's it going to be immortal/omni-potent if it nukes the infrastructure it relies on for power/parts/etc? ;p And yeah... I know I'm being too literal. ;) Anyone around with CMake experience? We're putting some effort into getting it compiling on Linux/BSD - based on the APPLE CMake conditional already there. Someone with a clue :) using CMake would be really helpful: https://github.com/opentoonz/opentoonz/issues/34#issuecommen... Yeah, the similarity hasn't escaped me either. ;) Definitely a mis-step. The "touch focused" menu interface is literally of no interest to me. The described behaviour isn't that unusual. Several of the people I've worked with have said they do things in almost exactly the same way. (and they're not idiots ;>) It's now in Homebrew Cask (on OSX) too, if that helps anyone: $ brew cask install opentoonz Completely agreed. Shady practises (eg: email spam), plus dark patterns (eg presenting people who might be a connection as having actually sent a "Connection Request") have made it fundamentally a not-to-be-trusted website. My LinkedIn profile now literally tells recruiters to Fuck Off. And still they come. The only value it has for me, is presenting (generally) valid contact details (eg: email address) for the people I already know and whom I may have fallen out of contact with. That's not huge value though, and several times I've been seriously tempted to just remove my profile forever. Wow, well done dude. That very much nails it (really). :D LinkedIn is kind of like... troll food. So negative... yet so accurate. :D Well, that alone should convince anyone with a technical/IT bent to absolutely avoid GoDaddy. Most already know this, but that's further re-enforcement. That doesn't sound right. Why should a person maintain their LinkedIn profile, if they're not actively looking? Wouldn't it make more sense to only update it when they decide to actually look for a job, and not waste time/energy/spam-dealing-with before then? For example? Hmmm, on a surface level that sounds "ok"-ish. As a person working in the IT industry for more than a decade, being intimately involved with several major Open Source projects in demand, it sounds debatable (perhaps even wrong), as many in demand skills last longer than fads (eg PostgreSQL clueful-ness). So, what you're saying doesn't sound right to me. :( Thoughts? :) Pretty sad for Solidoodle. Good PR for New Matter though. Will they Open Source the windows spyware... er... "metrics collection" code? CentOS sure is. Guess by the downvoting that there's a reason people feel the "metrics collection" shouldn't be Open Sourced? I'd like to hear what that is, as it seems (to me) to be a stellar example of what really should be. ??? This one (from the same result set) may be useful too: http://w3techs.com/technologies/details/os-linux/all/all What's a better way to point out MS should be Open Sourcing the parts of their codebase which people don't trust (eg their spyware)? They seem to be making large numbers of moves trying to get people to use their platform... and at the same time, shooting themselves in the foot-head-foot with trust-destroying moves... and ignoring everything in relation to that. :( Yep, seems like it. Thanks. Tried to change it... but the "edit" link was gone by that time. Oh well, next time. :) Hopefully you're right, and MS does Open Source it. :) That would give people a chance to see what's really happening , rather than just seeing bad actions + hearing weasel words (aka corporate speak) to justify them. Really wishing you were correct. :/ MS have been pushing Win10 onto Win7/8(.1) end users for what seems like a few months now, continually escalating how forceful they're being. eg recent IT media about it: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/03/17/microsoft_windows_10_upgrade_gwx_vs_humanity/ As you mention, it seems like straight out PR suicide. Personally, it would be useful to know what their end game is justifying all of this bad karma. It'd have to be fantastic. Either that, or someone inside MS is seriously out of control. :( Hmmm, I really get the impression it's doing a lot more than just nagging. Direct examples mentioned here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11285488 The article says the discoverer was manually reviewing 300,000 pages of data (in graphs) because "a computer isn't easily programmed with such a vague task as "find something weird and cool ..." But then it says: > Because of it's oxygen atmosphere, Dox's spectral graph looked truly unique, and he brought it to Kepler. That seems to argue (strongly even) that computer based analysis would have picked up on this star pretty quickly. (Obviously assuming competent data modelling + subject knowledge) Perhaps the discoverer will now automate things a bit? :) > "imagine a shipping container full of guns with no known owner" Assume CIA? :D "As we shift into a constantly connected state... " That's a scary thought, if people are generally assuming that's the direction things will go. People need time out, to disconnect and re-energise. A "constantly connected" state seems like it would generate massive burn-out and/or mental issues. :( Although this sounds useful, it also sounds like the kind of thing that industrialised agriculture profiteers (eg Monsanto) will go out of their way to stop. :( Wonder what strategy places like Monsanto could use for that purpose? First approach that springs to mind is trying to discredit the approach... probably combined with something legal like trying to get it banned outright because "food safety". Hopefully the industrialised agriculture profiteers can be warded off long enough for this to get legs. :) As a funny thought, remember the article a while back pointing out party drugs are detectable in downstream water sources from large populations? That could make for some interesting secondary food stuff harvesting. :D Your understanding of Open Source is ok (for you), but not in line with the rest of the world's use of the term. ;) They seem to accept Pull Requests: https://github.com/larsbrinkhoff/awesome-cpus/pulls Check again. Still needs du -> de. ;) The article seems to get some of it's key foundation points a bit wrong. :( eg: > If you think about it, blue doesn’t appear much in nature — there aren’t blue animals, ... Unless they're being very precise with their definition of "animals", which the article doesn't sound like it is being, they're off base. Blue creatures do exist: * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluebird * http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/exhibits/always-on-display/butterfl... (etc) Wonder how the bundling of ZFS will play out legally. Anyone know if the FSF is in a position (and of a willingness) to take legal action? Gradient solids sound like they'd be useful for things like bone lattice printing. Some parts of a bone could make use of having greater density than others. eg to optimise weight, flexibility, strength, biomass holding area, in different areas. STL is very common in the 3D printing space, as many 3D printers accept it as their input file (to print with). For other use cases, like transferring model data between programs, then STEP files (.STP) are very common instead. A STEP file contains much more data about the model than the equivalent STL file, so can be much more useful. STEP seems like a pretty huge set of specs though (possibly a bit scary to implement from the ground up): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_10303 Don't people do that with converted toaster ovens? Another good "must read" is this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chasm_City The entire "Revelation Space" series is excellent too, if that one grabs you. :) Please follow the first link in that post, and take the (super short) survey. It's for helping us gather info to improve PostgreSQL. :) Yeah. I have no idea how many m^2 my place is. It's 4 bedrooms, across several floors. eg, not small. But I had no way of filling out your requested data. :( Hmmm, both Australia and UK seem to mostly list properties by # of bedrooms/facilities (eg 3 bedroom, 2 bathrooms, outside shed) kind of thing. I don't recall them listing the size in m^2 very often, or at all. It's weird there are no seeds for you. I've been seeing it for ~20 hours or so without issue. This is the metadata for it, if that helps: Name: offshoreleaks_data-csv.zip File: torrents/offshoreleaks_data-csv.zip.6ffb15f06e409a58.torrent GENERAL Name: offshoreleaks_data-csv.zip Hash: 6ffb15f06e409a58ab7d2a710784e4ef974da782 Created by: Created on: Unknown Piece Count: 144 Piece Size: 256.0 KiB Total Size: 37.53 MB Privacy: Public torrent TRACKERS Tier #1 http://tracker.amazonaws.com:6969/announce FILES offshoreleaks_data-csv.zip (37.53 MB) The database available isn't the raw data though. It's just the curated neo4j dataset, in CSV format. About 40MB in total. Wonder if BitKeeper might be a viable alternative for Git LFS ( https://git-lfs.github.com ) then. Are you aware of any hosting solutions that support BK as-is? eg something like Gogs or similar Asking due to looking for a Gogs/GitLab (like) server side solution for a project under development. However, it needs to handle binary data well, which Git-based solutions don't. Yeah, it's a possibility. Just hoping for something better. :) Interesting. Looking for the source of that, is this it? http://bkbits.net/u/wscott/bkbits/ As titles go... "An Ode to Change" would probably be as appropriate. Reading through it, the impression given is of an extremely long blog post... output to PDF. It's main thrust seem to be highlighting the continually increasing rate of change in the IT sector, follow-on effects from that, and the requirement of adaptation to change. The overall impression given (to me) is kind of like it was phoned in though... the message in it isn't new, and could be considered widely known. Writing wise it kind of feels a bit er... "not that tight"? With its content being this bland... maybe there's crypto or stenography challenge embedded in it? Wouldn't be too surprising. If anyone's after a decent cross platform GUI for SQLite, this one's good: https://github.com/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser Note - Self promotion, as I'm a committer on that project. :) Depends how you look at it. ;) Maybe a [dupe] tag, as this was submitted a few days ago too? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11674394 Not sure what you mean. Other duplicate posts have "[dupe]" added to their title, so why the hassle this time? Because sandbox escapes aren't a thing GCHQ would have any knowledge of yeah? /s "The DAO" in this instance sounds like it'd be a great target for a fuzzer. ;) "tag" is apparently not the correct word. I was downvoted for using the same term to point out the same thing for another article recently. No idea what the "correct" word should be though. Which is more believable? An organisation whose charter is to gain, analyse, and make use of information: a) Deleted the document despite having extensive procedures for proper document handling, or b) Is lying* about deleting "the only copy" *Lying - mostly as a form of manipulation - is literally part of the job description for intelligence agencies. Who actually believes a)? :( Interesting, thanks that's something I hadn't considered. Hook that up to a rat and see what happens? [5 months later] We welcome our new AI-Rat overlords? ;) Seems to be the same author, but an earlier book? Also, just seems like a a marketing/headhunting ploy. :/ [some content] ... [if you've read this far and are not an asshole, please contact us as we're hiring. [email] [tweet] "We'd love to chat"] Call me an arsehole if you want, but ugh. ;) Would this be the thing you're referring to? https://wiki.wireshark.org/Development/MSVC7 About a paragraph down that page, it mentions the concept of Visual Studio 2003 not being allowed to compiled GPL code, stating that's a misconception. The original EULA doesn't seem to be online any more though, so it's hard to tell. As a general thought, hooking up ATM machines to the general internet sounds like it would be a source of "fun" for years to come. For your point though, most probably it wouldn't be the ATM that does it. The ATM would send/queue a notification to some other resource in the bank network, for that to do the whole email notification piece. But that should be possible today (or even years ago). This looks like the kind of structure generated by an algorithmic solver when given a motorcycle chassis as input, mount point definitions for mountain bike pieces, and material data for their custom "Scalmalloy" material. Kind of a weird hodge-podge, but nifty looking. :) Anyone know which software they used for the material optimisation? solidThinking Inspire? Next, I wish Amazon would stop knowingly selling counterfeit IT gear. :( According to Amazon, if you add the word "generic" to any product description - even one with specific trademarked words in it - when selling your knock off item, you're in the clear. :( Gah. Maybe we should add a "[flash]" warning for links that seems to want Adobe Flash installed for important parts of the content. :( As an initial thought, being able to much more accurately locate missing aircraft sounds like it would be a cost saving. eg: * the many months/years of effort + associated resources for searching would be likely reduced * technical/procedural weaknesses that led to aircraft loss could be better analysed, hopefully leading to reduced further aircraft losses, reduced loss of life Realtime data (other than location) sounds like it would have uses too. Not just alerting for impending or actual failure. On the other hand, would doing this open up potential remote vulnerabilities for aircraft systems? That could have long term crappy-ness attached. :( If the software that does the sending has vulnerabilities in it, that would be bad. Although we can all think of approaches to try to minimise/exclude that possibility... reality often has ways of showing up things people didn't think of. :( Depends on how "transmit only" is done. If it's using the equivalent of UDP and no encryption of the data, then you're likely correct. But if the "transmit only" has anything that receives data - even just ack signals for what's sent, let alone something to negotiate encryption - all bets are off. :( Thanks. :) Yeah, that's likely the real reason for this. It's an excuse/hook for them to try and get more people onto the widely-hated UPlay. :( What's the licensing on those? The project site itself mentions the underlying graphics engine is an Open Source one, but doesn't seem to have info on the licensing for the art/sound assets. Hmmmm, assuming anything about licensing kind of makes me nervous. :) Just emailed the author, to ask directly. Will post the response back here (when received) for reference. Yep MIT. Email response from the author: > Hi Justin, > > I want people to be able to use the art however they deem best so the MIT license is the one I've chosen. Though I don't think I've written this anywhere - which I should address! > > -Dan There should be at least several around still, depending on where you're located. If you're in Australia, this group seems legit (I used to train with them years ago): http://www.tesoma.com Arnis / Escrima / Kali can be useful for this. One of the unfortunate lessons I learned early on in real life, is that "self defense" systems which only cover one-on-one fighting (eg the Tae Kwon Do schools I've seen) are close to useless in real life. eg in a bar fight, or a group of drunks decides to pick on you when you walk past. I'd studied Tae Kwon Do for about fours years before discovering this (the hard way doh!). :/ With Ninjutsu and Arnis (at least some schools), training for combat against multiple opponents is a core part of it. So, less likely to suck in real world situations. No pricing on the website, so it's likely to turn off many people here. > Nobody, the slides and readers cost $1K just by themselves. Yeah, I was looking at the components recently for a self-build CNC machine. Accuracy costs. eg: http://www.mitutoyo.co.uk/digital-scale-and-dro-systems/line... Though in smaller sizes, the cost isn't completely over the top. Pity I'm not after "smaller sizes". :/ As another commenter mentioned, this does sound like a communication (of priorities) problem. Mgr: "Joe, we need to get this new FrobNoz done. This week instead of next." You: "Sure Mgr, no worries." You: "Hey Frank, you're working overtime to make this happen. Or else you're fired." Frank tries, then quits. FrobNoz doesn't get done in time. You get fired. Your Mgr gets fired. Your company implodes. ;) Or alternatively: Mgr: "Joe, we need to get this new FrobNoz done. This week instead of next." You (gives cool, direct look to Mgr) You: "We can do that. But we need to pull resources from Alpha, Beta, or Gamma to make that happen. Which of these three is least important to you?" Mgr: "Beta can wait, get this done." Result: You have the people who can do it, (ideally) without excessive overtime. Hopefully the lack of Beta doesn't cause company implosion. Anyone who says their Mgr demands all of it and won't make resource decisions, has not developed their "cold, direct look" (thousand yard stare?) enough. AFL has documentation on how to setup that up. eg: https://github.com/mcarpenter/afl/blob/master/docs/parallel_fuzzing.txt > He drove smart acquisitions ... And the author has "LinkedIn" listed?!?!?!?! Does anyone - aside from some MS staff and the article author - think LinkedIn was a smart buy for MS? Everyone I know is welcoming the likely fade out of LinkedIn in not-many-years. Interestingly, the "biodegradable" bags seem kind of scam-ish. Apparently the PLA (corn based) ones only break down in a "commercial" composting environment. According to this article, that means 10 days at some specific temperature (the article says "70 degrees" but no more). http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/corn-plastic-to... Only cottoned onto this personally, after noticing the "compostable" bags I'd been using to hold vegetable scraps... weren't compositing in the home compost bin even many months later (nearly a year now). :/ While true in some regards, it's not the whole story. The author of the article gives the example of a type of eye surgery only possible through augmentation of the surgeon. Without augmentation, the surgery isn't possible. It illustrates that for at least some things "higher quality" isn't the same as "higher production". Unless instead of calling this "higher quality" it's better termed something else. "Previously unavailable products/results/quality?" TITAN Z :) Errr... just to point out, some people perceive similarities in Apple's approach to what you just described re: "Cults sell ...". As an interesting data point, it looks like they designed the hardware using Solidworks 2016: https://github.com/facebook/Surround360/blob/master/surround360_design/3d_models/STEP_files/160523_3.STEP#L9-L10 (.STEP files - good for CAD data interchange - often include the name of the creation program) GitLab also started out on GitHub didn't it? Learning at least the basics of programming is generally a good idea, as it will help you to understand how things fit together. eg medical software + medical hardware As you have ideas, you'll have a greater knowledge of what can work, and greater insight into how to approach things. A language such as Python is very suitable for beginning programmers to learn with, there are many books/tutorials around, and the foundations of the language itself are reasonably stable. eg the stuff you learn will likely still work in 5 years time :> GTK's documentation is atrocious for anything in depth, and has been for years. Saying that from wrongly choosing it over Qt for a cross platform screenrecording/annotation project a few years ago. There's literally no way in hell to recommend GTK for any new desktop project that likely has a Windows audience. GTK is a mess. :( As a thought, since it sounds like you had fairly solid evidence of their shenanigans... maybe a blog posting on PortableApps detailing the problem + evidence might have been enough to get them to change their ways. The PortableApps website + Community has decent reach after all. :) Timeline-wise, was their legal dispute with Toys "R" Us over by then? If not, it may have been useful to let Toys "R" Us counsel know... ;) Meanwhile other existing products we were market leaders in were 2 years behind competitors at that point ... That sounds a bit confusing. Is "were leaders in" meaning that the company initially had the lead, but then lost it? Sounds like their "Anti-DDOS protection" is bullshit for their VPS plans then, unlike the marketing statements all over the OVH website saying otherwise. :( If you're looking to do a desktop GUI type of application, then those two are decent choices. If you have skill in C++ already, then Qt is a natural fit there. Also, Qt's docs are very good . None of the "oh, I was advised to use this class. Where are the docs? What do you mean... go read the source code?". Gah... sorry... still haven't gotten my extremely bad experiences with Gtk out of my system (years later). ;) If I were doing a desktop GUI type app again, I'd choose Qt for sure. Good docs, very large user base, actively helpful Community on IRC. (I'm not really a forums guy). Plus, bunches of Qt code (of various quality) on GitHub for getting ideas from. Hope that's useful. :) MXE has an ok reputation. Not everything seems to play well with it though. :( For example, we (sqlitebrowser.org) compile our window nightly releases from Linux, using MXE. But, SQLCipher (an encryption library) doesn't build with MXE. So the nightlies don't support encryption. Meanwhile, we've figured out how to do full Windows dev setup and builds. eg: https://github.com/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser/wiki/Setting-up-a-Win64-development-environment-for-DB4S We're building our releases natively now, and the nightlies will be built natively too in (hopefully near) future. Guess we just outgrew MXE? Hmmm, on first thought, writing "thin layer" sounds like a potential boondoggle. But then again, it's not something I've personally tried (nor needed), so that might be an inaccurate assessment. If you don't need a full/complete GUI stack (and other related bits) implementation for your application, then yeah, it might be the way to go. This might help illustrate: http://forum.sqlitestudio.pl/viewtopic.php?f=16&t=334 That post is by the lead developer of a SQLite project competing with the one I'm involved in. The original version was developed in Tcl/Tk, and outgrew it. Note - I'm not personally familiar with Tck/Tk, I just remembered reading this when you mentioned it. :) The bad spam recruiters seem to have found GitHub in the last few weeks. eg not the "normal" recruiters who have a clue, but the ones who just email everything through regardless "just in case". I had a lengthy discussion with one of the managing directors (Nick Rapley) of such an organisation ("RBW Consulting LLP" here in the UK) recently. He goes out of his way to defend their approach, as if the anti-spam laws don't apply to his line of business. Just because some small % of people might actually be convinced to say Yes. (that is literally the same justification every other spammer uses) Ironically... he told me to stop wasting his time. Like... hello, pot calling kettle black. :/ Damn, we (sqlitebrowser.org) recently went through the process of obtaining a MS code signing certificate... from StartCom. (so we can sign our release binaries) sigh Another approach is to heat up the grill, then throw on some table salt + pour on a bit of white vinegar. Use a flat blade spatula to work it around, then lightly scrape it off. It strips the hot plate back to metal (not joking). So, no residue from previous meals is left. Probably not be a good idea to do this on a hot plate coated with (say) teflon or similar. Did that once on a friends BBQ years ago, which stripped it back to the metal. Oops. Unsure what the coating was though. It definitely "wasn't there" any more afterwards. ;) Sign-on through GitHub is a nice touch. :) /me really doesn't like having to create new accounts for things. Took a quick look over the website. The first link I clicked on - the "Open Source" icon on the left of the four icon row - didn't work. Looks like a temporary URL is still in use, needing updating. :) Note - All four icons have the same problem. Apart from that, the website looks ok. Will investigate it more later. :) With the static linking in 5.6, did that also include the image format plugins (eg jpg, bmp, etc)? The docs for it don't seem to be on docs.qt.io. :( Created a request to add them ( https://bugreports.qt.io/browse/QTBUG-55744 ), to make reading through details of the new modules easier for people. No worries. :) Putting time into a project recently, and we're going through the process of migrating from Qt4/Qt5 to Qt5-only. (this is so we can start using Qt5 only features) One of the differences between Qt4 and Qt5, is that while Qt4 has all of its supported image formats inbuilt Qt5 doesn't. It keeps them in separate shared libraries, which (for non-static applications) need packaging with the rest of the application. I haven't looked into whether they get compiled in with static ones though. It sounds like they might be, which would be useful for us, as people do request static builds occasionally. :) No worries at all. :) "DBG" == "Debugger" is a fairly common thing. If you're thinking Canonical wouldn't sell its users down the river, there's a bridge for sale in Brooklyn you might like... I've personally had dealings with them, and there is no way they should be trusted. :( For the curious, it's completely possible to buy used Rolls Royce turbine blades on eBay. eg: • http://www.ebay.com/itm/331908581051 Off topic side note - seems like someone's buying them, mounting them + spray painting them at large markup: • http://www.ebay.com/itm/122000006766 ;) Doesn't that vary per individual? DB Browser for SQLite (previously known as SQLite Browser) has a similar history: http://sqlitebrowser.org It was unmaintained on SourceForge for years. Some guys put the code on GitHub and started fixing its problems. I became involved after them (to help on the OSX side initially), then contacted the original author. He was happy to see some people continuing it's development, so he gave us admin on the SourceForge project. That let us cleanly redirect people to the new GitHub project, and it's been growing decently from there (~4,600 stars on GitHub, 3.5Mill+ downloads, etc). Yeah, that's one of the dangers. Did you start a conversation with them about it, or just move on silently? I'm trying to think of a good way to start such a conversation... but it sounds tricky. Probably would depend on the personality of the person. ;) Ugh, that kind of dev behaviour is extremely lousy, and not at all the norm for Open Source projects. Hopefully you've found places/projects more receptive to your time/effort since then. :) This is very awesome. If further developed + made into a feasible option for PostgreSQL, this has potential to do interesting things to TPC benchmarks. :) Hmmm... in the article is says: "You can download a free copy of Visual Studio 2015 Community Edition ..." If that's anything like the "free" version of MSVC 2013, then 30 days after installing it... it suddenly stops working until you register with MS (using valid email, etc). No warning, no notice... it just stops and pops up a notice when you try and use it. Personally, I call that extremely scummy marketing , not "free". Maybe that's just me though. Visual Studio Community Edition is exactly what I'm talking about. That's the scum marketing version which stops working after 30 days until registered. If you don't believe me, then actually try it: https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs Under the "Visual Studio 2013" option on the left, choose "Community 2013". This will bring up a "Visual Studio Community 2013 with Update 5" view. Download the ISO and install from there. 30 days later, it will stop unless you register. I know this for sure , having had this exact thing happen when writing up our instructions here: https://github.com/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser/wiki/Setting-up-a-Win64-development-environment-for-DB4S I have snapshots of the VM and all the downloads used while doing it. It's absolutely the Community Edition doing this. No, I just don't believe dragonwriter is correct. The 2013 page does not say it's a trial version, nor time limited either. Why would anyone believe the 2015 version is any different? This is the text from the 2013 Community Edition page: Visual Studio Community 2013 is a free, full-featured IDE with powerful coding productivity features, cross-platform mobile development tools for Windows, iOS and Android, and access to thousands of extensions. This edition of Visual Studio is available at no cost for non-enterprise application development. See anything there about trial version, time limits, etc? No? Me neither. In the 2013 edition, there is no "skip it". Any action other than signing in/registering just closes MSVC. If there's some way around that, please I'm all ears. :) I really wish this was the case, but it's not. :( To me, any application/program (etc) which says it's free, then some time later (with literally no warning) stops working unless you register with a valid email... is a scummy way of email harvesting. Just because it's large, well known company doing it doesn't make it non-scummy. As I said, maybe that's just my way of looking at things. ;) Ahhh. "Just register it once". I think we're talking about different things. Or maybe the .ISO directory? https://download.freebsd.org/ftp/releases/ISO-IMAGES/11.0/ Seems like a dupe of this? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12227507 If it's at all possible, try and organise your tasks so you can be offline / away from distractions when you're needing to get things done. eg turn off your phone, ensure your computer is set for no notifications, etc. Try to have the absolute minimal amount of device oriented / external things grabbing your attention. If you're constantly really, really unfocused at present - which it sounds like - this can take a few days to get right. In the meantime - until you adjust - you'll probably feel really bored without the external stimulus. If you can get through that, you're set. :) One problem - at least for the project I'm working on - is that Lets Encrypt isn't a replacement for all of StartCom. We use a StartCom "MS Authenticode" certificate to sign our releases, so Windows users don't get a warning message from the various anti-malware scanners (and similar). At first glance it sounds like Mozilla not accepting new StartCom cert's at some point won't affect that. It may snowball, but that's an unknown. o_O Btw, if anyone has questions about this, feel free to ask. :) Cool timing. :) We (DB Browser for SQLite team) put this one-pager up yesterday about our upcoming "SQLite in the Cloud" project. :) https://dbhub.io People definitely use SQLite for tracking assets in the games they create. eg which resource file (bmp/snd/wav/jpg/etc) belongs to which objects, plus some string data (eg character description, stats), etc. Saying that from seeing links to our site (sqlitebrowser.org) from game developers & users on Steam, and also people asking us questions about various database files they're trying to figure out (as an end user). The various SQLite encryption options around seems to make a difference too, for game developers wanting a simple(-ish) way to "hide" the info from players. Embedding an encryption key isn't a fantastic approach, but it seems to be "good enough" sometimes. Yep, there are a lot of people using SQLite embedded in things. That's probably not a use case for DBHub.io. :) Some things which seem like a good fit are: * People wanting an easy way to sync a SQLite database been multiple devices. Effectively, a SQLite specific dropbox. :) * Once version control is in place (eg tags, releases, similar concept to GitHub) then anyone wanting to publish data (eg scientific results) could find it as a good resource. eg "version 1.0 is the data from our FOO study on 2016-Aug-07". Central reference point thing for traceability, sharing, (etc). * Simple database access for Serverless apps. All of these are mainly just possibilities. We'll start building it out and getting something people can use, then see what falls out and take it from there. Probably the biggest thing in our favour is sheer download numbers. People already download the "DB Browser for SQLite" GUI 150k+ times a month. We'll add some basic (optional) integration in that soon, which should help get people testing and trying it out. Based upon feedback and conversation from that, we can determine where to put time & effort. Does that make sense? :) Are you looking for PG specific stuff, or pretty much any kind of simple database? If non-PG is fine, then maybe sqlitebrowser.org? You'd want to grab the latest nightly though, as our foreign key constraint handling needs improvement, and there is good progress with that in the nightly builds. :) Cool. :) To view blobs, just keep the "Edit Database Cell" dock open (it's under the View menu). Any time you select a cell with an image in it, the image will be displayed in that dock. You can just leave that dock open and keep working on stuff in the main table area if you want. Maybe some kind of focused energy thing (aka laser) instead of kinetic? Not sure how feasible that would be though. Spacecom - the owners of the destroyed payload satellite - probably don't feel it was a victimless crime. Ugh. September 19th is poor date to choose. When this came up, the first thing I did was generate wildcard certs for our StartCom domains, as Mozilla is going to stop trusting things at some point. But that was on ~26th September. Choosing the 19th is giving existing customers of StartCom no chance to manage the problem in a sensible way. :( Really not sure why you'd think this is "doubling down"? We've already gone through the StartCom verification process, but had only generated a few specific cert's for subdomains. However, we're right now in the process of launching a new online project. No idea what subdomains will be needed in very near future. It costs us no extra to generate wildcard ones, which obviously is the right move to do as they'll be valid while StartCom's new ones are no longer trusted (when Mozilla stops accepting new certs). There's literally no way we could afford to pay for new certs from an alternative registrar instead. With StartCom, once you've gone through the personal verification procedure you don't need to pay more money for new certs, nor wildcard ones. So, no "doubling down" involved. Just a desire to have actually working certs before Mozilla's "to be announced" cut off date happens. And then Apple comes along and (unless I'm misunderstanding) all of our certs will be useless. :( Good point, that might be the better solution for the public HTTPS part of things. Lets Encrypt doesn't provide MS Authenticode signing certs (eg to validate our downloads are legit) though. Hopefully this whole mess doesn't scope creep to include those too. Thanks. Glad I misunderstood it. :) Hopefully if it expands to include StartCom certs, they use a later date. In case it's of interest, the code for this is on GitHub. There seem to be two repos for it: https://github.com/MicheleNuijten/statcheck https://github.com/seanrife/statcheck They have slightly different commits in recent history. Guessing they'll just probably be sync'd back together at some point. Probably emotional/gut reaction thing by some people. The concept itself sounds useful. No worries. Obviously, this isn't an area I know anything about. Yet. :) This makes the publicly accessible handprint bronzes at ITV Studio in London seem like a bad idea: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_London_Studios#Audiences When I saw them a few years ago, they definitely had distinct fingerprint ridges. Doesn't seem to have pricing publicly available. :( Spoke to the project lead about this earlier today. They'd hit a problem where signing wasn't working, which turned out to be because the framework bundles inside the .app were in an older format. The bundled OSX "codesign" util was just barfing. Gave them a working shell script to fix the problem, which they'll probably adjust / clean up + add to their build process. So, next releases shouldn't have this issue. :) Haven't tried this out yet, but will in near future. Reading through it, the impression given so far is that it's better to have an odd number of nodes to help with quorum. Is that the case? Also, is dealing with split brain something already taken care of, or is that future development work? :) As a possibly humourous thought along those lines, imagine explaining to your future child they were born because of a Google Now reminder. ;) (eugenics through large scale suggestions anyone? ;>) The GitHub post about GraphQL indicates it's more efficient (on the server) when people use GraphQL instead of REST. To me - looking to provide API access from a new project soon - that sounds like a good potential win. Same here with Opera 40.0.2308.81, on OSX 10.11.6. Made a quick screencast showing the problem: http://ded.ninja/meteortoys/meteor_toys-website_problem1.mp4 (and yeah, I haven't bothered to set up https on that box ;>) Update - Same problem happens with all 3 browser extensions disabled. (https everywhere, ublock origin, privacy badger) Just to check, you've seen this? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12557500 Wasn't me. Just pointing it out in case you wanted to follow up. ;) Wouldn't it also be reasonable to use a remote API call to store data too? It's one of the things I have in mind for https://dbhub.io . Thinking it should be a good fit (especially for Serverless apps), but haven't yet written the code to try it out. Likely to do so in near future though (weeks, not months). Wasn't sure, so I asked the Mellanox people (gerryh@mellanox) about it. No response. :( Out of curiosity, what's the value that'll wrap around at? With these: https://github.com/Expensify/Bedrock/blob/ecda922dc279e06fda... Do you use the Issue Tracker to keep on top of things like that, and/or prioritise? Some of these FIXME's in Bedrock's er... Paxos implementation look like they could be important: https://github.com/Expensify/Bedrock/blob/ecda922dc279e06fda... Hmmm, it's unclear if this will impact websites running on intranets. eg Places using their own CA + certs for internal sites That wouldn't be good. :( k, that sounds sensible. :) Sounds like an opportunity for someone to create after-market coolers. MacPro "SubZero Edition". :) Very well put. :) The sentiment is ok, but not sure how to make that work in a practical sense. It would need to avoid allowing the unscrupulous to (falsely) badmouth competitors. Clicking an "unsubscribe" link just confirms the email was received. So, don't ever do that. Instead, just add filters to drop everything from the email sender. Or if you're like me, make an auto-responder that's directs to their CEO's inbox telling them to "Fuck Off Spammer". (I actually do this) There have been occasions where manufacturers of generics turned out be making hmm... crap (best wording I can think of) instead of the medications in question. :( They'd have to really piss me off, but it's a useful idea. :D It seems like something that would work for built-in speakers too. They're driven by the same audio codec chips (eg realtek), but wired directly instead of through an external socket. There are a few instances of generics manufacturers being shut down expressly due to this. eg the fake drugs were being sold to consumers It's very easy to find specific instances via standard Googling/DuckDuckGo/etc. Note - that's not me being hand wavy, I'm actually saying "Google it" because in-depth results DO show up. Interesting point, hadn't considered that. Sounds like it'll be one of those "implementation dependent" things then, and someone into this kind of thing should probably investigate. Looks nifty. :) As a thought, it's probably a decent idea to add the Libvirt binding to the their bindings page: https://libvirt.org/bindings.html Should be pretty easy to do, as the Libvirt team are pretty responsive. Ping them via mailing list maybe? > On the other hand it was likewise surprising to hear that homebrew was using github as its CDN. That sounds a bit weird to me. Homebrew gets developed on GitHub... so using GitHub as a CDN doesn't seem wrong (to me). Email sent. :) > All they have to do is be somewhat less greedy. Or alternatively, implement something to stop the "elites killed, their wealth stolen [etc]" bit. Completely co-incidentally :), technology to monitor/influence large numbers of people seems to be happening, and research/development/manufacturing of automated weaponry for the er... "self defence" of said elites seems to be on the agenda. Gee, that sounds like it'll end well doesn't it. :( Hmmm.... probably better to see how it turns out before jumping to conclusions. :) From initial discussion with Mike, there are two parts that would be needed for a (self hosted) setup: a) The hosting itself (this is something I can likely help with) b) Setup and ongoing management of Piwik. This isn't a skill set I have (nor am interested in). However I'm generally thinking the Homebrew Community is big enough to rustle up at least a few people with the right skill set for getting this done (and keeping it done :>). Trying to get both hosting + Piwik setup/mgmt from the same set of people may be a tall order, so doing them separately is probably more achievable. As a data point, this kind of approach - sponsored hosting/hw/similar + volunteers to look after Community infra - is used successfully in other projects. PostgreSQL is a good example. Can't really think of any obvious reasons it wouldn't work for Homebrew too. ;) As long as you're ok financially until you get a new role, don't sweat it. Hopefully moving out of a potentially er.. soul killing role (best wording I can think of) to something else will turn out to be the right move in hind sight. :) > invest your full time into raising and educating your own children - probably the most rational choice, with the least value to the rest of society. That seems like a strange way to describe preparing the next generation. :D Don't most people consider raising and educating their children to be one of the most valuable things to be done for society? eg having more knowledgeable/skilled/clueful young is better "for everyone" (as a generalisation) than not Did no-one explain the above to the HR person, or was she just resistant to common sense? Out of curiosity, have you measured the power draw from the wall socket with your configuration? Kind of wondering what "real world" measurements indicate. :) Heh Heh Heh, it really sounds like you don't like kids. ;) Awesome, thanks. It sounds fairly reasonable compared to a lot of other gear I'm running here. :) No worries. :) As a data point, bought one of these 6 months ago (£20.00) for doing power draw measurement from the wall socket: https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B000Q7PJGW http://www.p3international.com/products/p4400.html (US equivalent) It's been extremely useful for finding out how much power various equipment draws. For example, several of the "powered off" systems here - not sleep mode, just shut down via OS - still draw 4.5W+ continuously. Now I turn things off via the switch at the back of the power supply too. ;) Mentioning this as you don't need to fork out heaps of money for (say) a Fluke meter. It's possible to get reasonably accurate consumer type. (But, read the reviews first. There were probably 10+ other meters out there better priced... but most of them with reviews about their poor accuracy.) Interesting, hadn't heard about it. :) Sounds like they weren't using GitHub's Releases approach for binaries, instead doing something else. :/ That sounds interesting. More info? As a first thought, it should be possible to. a) With control of a domain's name servers you can set up working mail handling for a domain. b) At least some HTTPS cert providers allow verification of domain ownership using email. eg click on a link in a mail they send to (say) postmaster@targetdomain.com With those two in place, you can generate HTTPS certs for the domain. I'm not yet familiar with LetsEncrypt, but if they allow domain verification through email then this would even be a cost free exercise. > I'm more surprised why Bloomberg makes such a big deal out of it. They're probably sounding alarmist to try maximising attention. :/ Seems to be promo for a book he's releasing later this month: Debriefing The President: The Interrogation Of Saddam Hussein, by John Nixon, is published on December 29 ... > There's no solid IDE with Golang Hmmm, I'm using it with WebStorm and the Golang support is pretty decent. Autocompletion, automatic help/function lookup, debugging, etc. What are you looking for that's missing in a Golang IDE? Hadn't heard of Gogland, thanks it sounds interesting. Is probably time someone did a follow up RFC, specifying further useful things. eg: * how to encode binary data * how to encode NULL's (for transport between databases) * how to specify encoding * (etc) Is there a recycling collection program in your area? eg something that collects cardboard along with household waste If so, that seems like an easy way to start reducing the box count. :) The website he links to has contact info on it, if that helps. :) That strategy doesn't seem to have worked out for Yahoo. Not sure DDG users really need/want another er... EaaS. To be fair, it's far from unknown for the "marshalling a response" to include legal intimidation. Not giving a presentation ahead of time could be viewed as reducing the chance of suppression. Shhh, don't give Marvel Comics any more ideas. :D It'll be a TV series about an angsty tween that doesn't fit in except their one special "supe rager" power, and a movie to boot. ;) > Now I just gotta figure out how to make books easier than internet. Get an outdated tablet that's WAAAAY too insecure for connecting to the internet (eg original Wifi iPad, set to airplane mode), and fill it with PDFs/epubs/etc of your choice. Then, instead of jumping on the computer all the time, pull out the iPad somewhere away from the computer and read. eg in bed, outside on a balcony, etc Doing exactly this works well for me, original iPad and everything. Theres No Way I'm going browse the web with that and get distracted, and I have all of the books I want with no buildup of useless physical book material. :D > They could using additional installed software[1] or even their upstream ISPs could netflow/tcpdump the SMTP traffic. From memory, netflow is only the connection info (eg source/dest/byte count), and doesn't include any of the transferred data itself. Unless you were meaning straight tcpdump which could grab payload data. Email is commonly sent over TLS too, which I think (though it's been a while) can be configured as mandatory on servers. eg not accepting unencrypted email That doesn't mean this is what's happening here, I'm just pointing out it can be done. :) > Data is pretty important to us. > I don't have any :( You're aware those two statements conflict with each other yeah? :( There should be better data sets floating around for use these days too. The old OSDB project was useful for generating arbitrary sided ones, though I'm not sure if it still runs: http://osdb.sourceforge.net There is a rewrite of the OSDB code in C++ on GitHub: https://github.com/osdb/osdb From memory, that rewrite is MySQL only (so far) though. ;) Not sure "solve" is the right term there. ;) How much power do the cabinets get allocated? When (ages ago) talking to places about colo, it turns out places like HE would only allocate 7 amps for a full rack. Completely useless. ;) Don't give up. It sounds like you've passed some important milestones and are in a good place business wise. (unsure about mental stress level/burn-out wise tho ;>) That's much more reasonable. :) Dartlang, to find out if it's a workable alternative to Javascript/ECMA. The project I'm currently developing uses AngularJS (v1), and D3. From quick initial research, it should be possible to use Dartlang, AngularDart, and D3.js to replace them. The motivator is the direction Javascript/ECMA is heading. Rapid uncontrolled proliferation of tooling, standards, etc, with no positive end in sight. (in biological systems, isn't that called cancer? :>) As a side note, it's not always possible to use parameter binding for all parts of a SQL query. :( For example, when querying user uploaded databases (not a typical use case), the SQL query needs to include the table name. At least with SQLite (unsure about PostgreSQL), table names can't be bound in a parameter. They need to be part of the non parameterised query string, thus string smashing. Field/column names are probably similar too, though I haven't checked (yet). Star Control 2 : The Ur-Quan Masters * http://sc2.sourceforge.net It's amazing how little the cpu's for those things cost these days on ebay. eg: http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/192074836061 (that's the 2010 model though) There are free utils around to block the telemetry being sent. eg: * https://www.safer-networking.org/spybot-anti-beacon/ * https://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10 Note - I'm not sure if anyone has deeply tested/verified them though. Ideally a good Open Source one would exist. Maybe it does, I just don't know of it yet. ;) > 40GbE is probably overkill, right? Not at all. :) Not even diagramming relationships between tables? Sun going back on promises about x86 in the earlier days didn't help. I used to do Solaris SysAdmin stuff, and was a very strong advocate for it even on x86. Sun made guarantees/assurances that it'd be available for free download for x86. Some months later (did someone look at the download bandwidth costs? ;>), they completely reneged on that and stopped allowing people to download x86. That was (literally) the last day I did any kind of advocacy for Sun or Solaris. After that it was FreeBSD and Linux, and "fuck Sun". ;) Yeah, it's commit history seems reasonable and growing (?) over time: https://github.com/illumos/illumos-gate/graphs/contributors AWS would be kind of ironic. ;) If possible, choose a large/well organised Open Source project which already has good documentation and people working on it. That way you get involved with a team of people who should (in theory) already be following good practises, should have a sensible tool chain, and have habits you can learn from. And you'll make good contacts/references/potentially be hired. (if you're looking to get hired as a potential result, choose a project that has backers with $$$ that hire from the Community :>) Original iPad (series 1). I had a Samsung Galaxy Note 12.2 for a while, but the built in reader (iBooks) in the iPad is far superior to everything I tried on Android over a period of months. Just to point out xTuple (ERP using PostgreSQL) exists and has a decent reputation: https://xtuple.com Haven't used it personally though. :) > worlds 2'nd most used database How do you figure that? ;) There doesn't seem to be pricing shown on your website either. Guessing that's on purpose? Weirdly, the download page is busted (for me) on both Firefox ESR & Opera (latest versions, on OSX). After selecting the appropriate download choice "Open source distribution ...", the "Get started" button never becomes clickable. (This was working a few days ago, when I downloaded Qt 5.7) Is anyone else having the same trouble with that page? Being able to leave fingerprints of a high value target at a crime scene could really make things interesting from a lot of perspectives. eg: providing false alibi's, setup/framing, coercion/bribery When (if?) that actually starts to happen, law enforcement could get a whole lot trickier. :/ There seems to be a pretty major backlog for getting CVE numbers, such that for not-hugely-impacting ones it seems like the CVE request people won't take any time to discuss things. Saying that after trying to get a CVE for a low risk problem with CMake on Windows. Applied for a CVE (months ago), and the only response received was: Please resend your CVE request properly (the description was not filled out properly) and resubmit. The correct format is: [Vendor name] [product name] version [version info] is vulnerable to a [single flaw type] in the [component] resulting [some impact]. Which is strange. I looked over the original submission, and there's nothing that I'd change in it. Emailed the person back asking for clarification and received zero reply. If it was a high risk bug, I'd probably take the time to follow up more. Since it's not though... ;D > Please don't give an app a 1 star review just because they ask for a review. Perhaps don't pop up things begging for reviews? There doesn't seem to be any way of turning it off ("Disable app review requests") for people, thus these kind of user responses. :/ Ugh, that's a fairly egregious patent. It's literally of a mathematical method. :( Thanks, didn't know about that. :) I'm not a lawyer, so no idea. If a person figured out a way to apply it usefully to some other area - which doesn't seem hard at all - (job skill ranking? :D), MS is the kind of company that would attempt to collect $$$ from it regardless. :( It might be useful to point people at your blog point via the pgsql-advocacy mailing list too. :) https://lists.postgresql.org/mj/mj_wwwusr?user=&passw=&func=... Interesting. Wonder if the PS3 controller will be supported at some point? I have an old PS3 I've not used in years (stopped using anything Sony when they sued GeoHot). If the controllers for that work with Steam, it might be worth digging them out and putting them to use. :) * Update: Doing some basic DDG searching shows that it should work. I might as well see if they still hold a charge. ;) Thanks, but not really willing to actually spend money on anything Sony ever again. :) Ahhh cool. I should keep more of an eye on that list. :) Yep, same here. Guessing they're experiencing too much traffic or something, so this is their way to throttle it. ;) Thanks, didn't know that. :) Err, that kind of thing isn't unheard of in Western countries either. It's just a matter of "is the person motivated enough?", which is more an individual thing. :D When they threatened the person after he/she said "no", they crossed the line. McAfee nameserver quality seems to be on par with their antivirus: https://github.com/DNS-OARC/dns-violations/blob/master/2017/... ;) And further information from a few days ago: https://blog.cirm.ca.gov/2017/01/25/good-news-from-asterias-... Looks like a second group of people is getting treatment with a higher dosage. The results of that will definitely be of interest to many. :) "Removed a user for using a repository as some form of CDN, resulting in 47 000 IPs signing in using the same account (causing high DB load)." No memcached in front of PostgreSQL? As a complete guess, something like using sessions persisted back to the PostgreSQL database, without something like memcached in front of it. With that kind of approach it could be trying to update a session table (with new IP address?) for literally every page load by the 47,000 people. Which would probably suck. ;) Well, the "we charge for the validation, not the certificates" approach is how they've done things for ages. Prior to the clusterf k of becoming untrusted by Mozilla (etc), it was really useful. Once verified you could generate many certificates (subdomains, etc) without forking over cash each time. Compared to the general (scam-like?) model of other providers, it seems like a sane alternative. Now they're untrusted though, it's kind of moot. :( They'd probably be better off hiring a "backup engineer" to go through all of their systems (end to end) ensuring full backups exist and work for everything. Instead of backing up every system in isolation, have well though out backup/restore processes for all parts of their operation. Saying that as someone who's done exactly this before (professionally, for mission critical places). ;) eg: · Inventory the systems (boxes, services, etc) · Determine what each needs (package dependencies, etc) · Create scripting (etc) for consistent backups · Work out the restore processes · Make it work (can take several test/dev iterations) · Document it And also (importantly): · Have the ops staff perform the documented processes, to reveal holes in the docs, and show up parts which need simplifying Not sure about a 30 year timeframe. 10 years seems like it wouldn't be any kind of problem (personal opinion), but 30 years is an awful long time. That being said, the SQLite development Community are very very big on backwards compatibility. eg: https://youtu.be/ZvmMzI0X7fE?t=19m56s Hmmmm, there's a better talk by D. Richard Hipp around, but I'm not finding it atm. In the better talk he explains they (SQLite) are planning to be around for the 30 year timeframe you mention. Something to do with an airplane manufacturer looking for long term guarantees, but I don't remember the details. Excellent, thanks. Was hoping someone would dig that up. :) Much more informative than the Uber post itself. This is interesting to me, as I live in an area with no mobile reception. So (for me) it's a real PITA when places require a mobile phone number and there's no way to skip it. Obviously, can't use those services. Does anyone know if Google Authenticator would run on a wifi iPad? As a potential workaround for the "no mobile network" situation. Thanks. :) Excellent. Might need to get an up-to-date iPad now. :) An example? https://xkcd.com/705 :) > ... the European Union wasted its time last year as it tried to establish an acceptable privacy standard for U.S. companies operating in Europe. To the surprise of nobody. :/ It does happen. eg: https://freebsdfoundation.blogspot.co.uk/2014/11/freebsd-fou... There are others too. :) It can't be. Look past their PR speak. :) What would be better wording? "Scraping" is when a person downloads a full HTML page. eg project repo page Using the GitHub API (as intended) wouldn't be scraping. That sounds sensible. Hopefully @nsqe is reading this and responds. :) I have an original iPad. It doesn't get connected to the net. So, no way to get the app on there, and it probably wouldn't work for iOS ~5.1.1 anyway. ;) That being said, it hadn't clicked that a non mobile (eg laptop/desktop) version of it could exist. The wikipedia page for it says it's strictly mobile only[1], as does the Google install info page[2]. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Authenticator [2]: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1066447 Oh well. It's directly loadable using a GUI too (eg sqlitebrowser.org), for anyone that prefers the graphical approach. And yeah, it had all kinds of interesting stuff I've downloaded over the years in mine. Now cleared. ;) This is interesting, as it seems to be playing in the same sandbox :> attributed to nation-state actors. Though on the defensive side of the equation. So... ? Just to point out, for drive by commits (eg typo fixes, etc), GitHub is super simple: 1. Go to the file in GitHub you want to change 2. Click the "Edit" icon 3. Click the "Create Pull Request" button There's no need to create a fork and branch manually any more, GitHub does it automatically behind the scenes. It's a useful optimisation. :) Yep, that would be useful. :) Unsure how to feel about this. The content of the podcast seems ok (from scanning through the transcription). :) However, it's sponsored by Dice. They're the scum who added malware to SourceForge. :( Something can be said for allowing "enough" time for wisdom to develop, instead of rushing forwards without adequate consideration. How long is "enough" though, and what stimulus is needed for get that wisdom in place? Probably some form(s) of failure, though I've not thought on it further. Out of curiosity, what's his involvement with "monopolistic dumping scheme"? Looking through his Wikipedia (ok, not a fantastic reference source ;) ) entry, there doesn't seem to be any mention of involvement (employment/directorships/etc) with financial institutions. ? Interesting, thanks. :) " Realistic time travel " movie? Also, don't travel through airport security for some time afterwards? ;) Didn't Iran come off the US embargo list a few months back, with a bunch of media fanfare at the time? > Is Google contributing anything back into Postgres codebase ? As a general thought, it's probably be a good idea to wait (say) 6 months until this new Cloud SQL for PG offering has matured + their team has more PG experience. Places often contribute back to upstream projects as they get more involved in relevant Community, and it sounds like they're just starting out now. Or an angled snowbank. :D Injuries? Wonder how many times Edward Snowden will be nominated? :) Anyone know how the backups get done? eg block based, WAL based, pgdumpall based, etc? The docs seem unclear on this. Hard to tell if backups would be transaction consistent. :/ Good suggestion. :) Thanks. That helps, but it's still guesswork rather than explicitly said (which it should be). Hopefully a near future version of the docs lets us know clearly. :) > When I called the rep basically told me there's no evidence of a call and there are no notes on my account from that person/call and nothing was moved forward for a review. Every time you call a company with a dispute or complaint, record it. May not always be useful, but better safe than sorry. Yeah, that's the most obvious kind of thing. Seems like a definite lack of interest, so I'll probably let the domain expire. Hmmm, using a database (eg PG) for the authoritative information, with memcached in front sounds like it would be practical for most uses. Thanks, that does need further thinking about. :) As a thought for the performance diagnosis part of things, if your network switches have the option to enable NetFlow (also known as IPFIX), it can be extremely useful. It does need to be paired with something that can capture and display the NetFlow data well. But with that, you can literally see what data is going where in your network, accurate to the byte. And with a good visualisation solution, you have the data historically too, so you can (easily) match things up time wise. eg a developer writes a bad query which pulls 1/2 the database over the network to the front end server for filtering results there, instead of filtering them in the database. You can see that on the network fairly easily, and let the developer self-educate (if given access to the tools). ;) As an aside, the gold standard used to be a commercial product called "NetFlow Tracker". It was amazing (fond memories), but the company behind it (Fluke Networks) didn't seem to know anything about software sales. So, it's now discontinued. :( Hopefully there's a modern version of that somewhere. :) In FreeNAS 9.10, that's configurable via the webUI. Haven't tried the released version of Corral though, so unsure if it's carried through. > ... my thoughts and language is some sort of strange danish/british amalgamation, and I feel like a foreigner ... Perhaps the term "a broader perspective" is how to describe it? Any photos of the results for the SSD chips after a few days? > Without having the passphrase or encryption key to recover from, any data on that drive is useless to anyone that finds it. Isn't it widely suspected the TLA's have backdoors to the encryption used SSD makers? eg depending on who you're wanting to keep things private from, using any built in SSD encryption might not be the right approach. CNC machined parts Machine at your local machine shop by through leveraging Fictiv's distributed manufacturing network Looking at the parts in the photo, they'll need at least a 5 axis CNC machine. If it's for a one-off (or even low volume) job, that's not going to be cheap. > They're doing a great job at making you WANT to use their services. ??? You're literally the first person I've seen give that sentiment. Maybe I'm just getting the wrong impression from this "Open-Source Motorcycle" vapourware of theirs. Cool, I take my comment about "vapourware" then. :) With the STEP files for download, their metadata indicates they were created using Solidworks 2014. Would it be feasible to include the Solidworks files for people to download too? Although not everyone has Solidworks (obviously), its native file format would be useful for those who do. :) As a data point, I was putting together a super cheap "build server" (for compiling stuff on) recently. Supermicro motherboard, and dual 6 core Xeon cpu's (E5645). Cost of the motherboard and cpu's (from Ebay) was ~$US140.00. 32GB of ECC ram to match was ~US60.00. Everything else needed (power supply, etc), I already had around. Just to see if it would work, I hackintoshed it prior to installing FreeBSD. Apart from the network ports, everything else (Nvidia card, USB, etc) worked. Network connectivity was fixable by just plugging in a USB3 ethernet adapter (also had one handy), and voila, usable desktop. https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B00XZQRMRU/ It wouldn't be surprising (to me), if newer generation Supermicro boards also worked. That would open up possibilities for lots more cpu grunt in an OSX box. :) His GitHub profile has it: :) https://github.com/derekjn Unfortunately, most of the higher end CAD/CAM software is Windows only. Solidworks, CATIA, Creo, etc. Siemens NX is a notable exception (Win/OSX/Linux). Seems like the only one though. :( > That's a major exaggeration. It's an opinion shared by many. Including myself. Personally, for my gaming box I've moved back to Win 7. When 7 completely runs out of support, hopefully I've lost interest in the Windows only games. Everything else either runs OSX (desktop), or various BSD. Kind of wondering if her manager was somehow feeling threatened/insecure by the writer. Of the "she's a better engineer than me" or (sic) "she's both prettier and smarter than me" (etc) kind of threat... and was purposely belittling and attacking her self-esteem due to that. The old "put down" approach. Ugh. It's something I've seen done by insecure & mis-competitive individuals. Normally outside the workplace. It would seriously suck to have it coming from your workplace manager. :( What's the bet this is IBM trying to both gain favourable PR, and at the same time looking for people they may be able to exploit? (eg lower pay, worse treatment than existing staff) Hopefully I'm wrong, but IBM has a terrible reputation for a reason. :( The article mentions more than 500 veterans have been trained already. Anyone here among that group and willing to venture thoughts about it? :) This release has a bunch of fixes to the debugger, which (for people on OSX and Windows) helps a lot. Still some debugging specific things are still not quite right, but it's definitely usable for the vast majority of daily Go dev work. cannot seems like a strong term. They'd very likely try (hard), even if they eventually end up losing. Then try again a different way using a different approach, then again (etc). "Drown the opposition" in legal fees seems to be a commonly used tactic by larger (bullying) companies. Symantec being well... Symantec, I'd expecting them to lawyer up in order to delay, or outright block this. They're big enough to afford the higher end law firms likely needed too. :( Sure, it'd probably be an uphill battle. But, Symantec has generally shown little/no morals in past times when it comes to attempting to protect their business interests. Not really seeing why this would be different. :/ Open Source Software Communities relate to this too. Possibly a fairly obvious point to many. :) There seems to be evolutionary (fitness?) pressure, helping shape the Communities, software, their norms, etc. * In areas without proprietary competitors, new proprietary entrants seem to be rare. * In many areas previously dominated by proprietary software, the Open Source alternatives are now often credible if not preferred. This evolution of increasing fitness seems to be continuing. If Open Source Software represents the "mammals" :D of the software ecosystem, what do the walled gardens (app stores, etc) represent? There used to be plenty of counterfeit Intel network cards on Amazon.co.uk (and .com). Unsure about other Amazon subdomains. After receiving a chinese knock off card instead of the real thing, I complained to Amazon. Even after rounds of communication with them, trying to alert them to the problem all they did was tell me to contact "Trading Standards" (the uk body). I've barely bought from Amazon since then, and I used to buy a lot from through them. Instead I reached out to Intel Legal, who looked over things, then opened an investigation. Now (some months later) it seems like there are almost no counterfeit Intel cards on Amazon. So at least some places do seem to have enough clout. > I don't know -- photosynthesing organisms that generate primary resources? Not sure. On one hand, the walled garden approach does seem to have some benefits when done well, of drawing in further resources/development. > Indirectly consumed by OSS Yeah, that could definitely be the case sometimes too. When OSS Communities use offerings present in these walled gardens (eg Affinity Designer, a good vector graphics app for OSX) to further what they're doing. Not sure if parasite is correct :), but it seems reasonable there's some interplay between the produce of the walled garden(s) and the external ecosystem. From the OSS Communities perspective, I'd kind of expect (but am not really sure) that many of the resources used in the walled garden apps come from OSS. eg things like gzip, various other libraries, perhaps graphics (etc). And as a note, I don't personally believe all proprietary software is oh-so-evil. ;) The companies which develop software choose to act however they do, evil or not. The "evil" is in the actions of the companies, regardless of the OSS-or-not nature. That's just my understanding of things thus far anyway. :D Ugh, heck no. Autoplay video when visiting the page. Maybe link to a better page instead? In case it's interesting, this is what the counterfeit card looked like: https://justinclift.fedorapeople.org/Counterfeit%20Intel%20c... Obviously using Intel branding (there are other photo's in the same directory, mostly just other angles though). Amazon didn't care. Thanks, that's a good tip. :) Oops, sorry. Thanks. :) I submitted the Ars one instead of the original source, as the Ars one is much more approachable than the original source, and I didn't see the previous submission. Which is weird, as I searched first. Bad me. :/ That being said, the PAN post definitely has the better detail once a person grok's what it's about. :) That's true, but it's not unreasonable to foresee the creators making OSX/Linux versions too if these Windows ones "go ok" from their point of view. :( What's worrying to me is the wording of the emails themselves. It's much better, and more likely appearing "legit" than the vast multitude of scam/trojan/similar .pdf/.xls/.doc/.lnk/etc emails I've seen. (several a day generally) Dupe. ;) Previous discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14005985 Dupe of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14006407 When will they understand there needs to be a "no data collection at all" option as well? Everything they're doing just seems to be an attempt to delay that as long as possible. :( MaruOS might be interesting for you: http://maruos.com https://github.com/maruos Only the Nexus 5 and 7 are fully supported at present though. With that LLC thought, does that still mean US based? Atlas sounded interesting to me (doing product dev atm), however it's based on incorporating in the US. The US seems like it's gone in a seriously bad direction for non-US citizens (I'm Australian, living in the UK), with no positive end to that in sight. So incorporation in the US isn't really a goer (personally speaking). Yeah, that was an option until Brexit happened. My co-conspirator :) is based in Germany, so setting something up there might be the better idea. Haven't researched that at all (yet), as we're still focused on getting the foundational tech working decently first (progressing fairly well, it's mostly grunt work). But, keeping an eye open meanwhile... :) Thanks, I'll check them out when we're at the stage of investigating the right place to setup. :) Thanks, I'll look into them when we're closer to setting up the business side of things. :) Cool, hadn't seen those before. They look super nifty. :) > I was regularly getting 50-100 down Which units of measurement? :) That nice for 2019. How about atm though? :) Cool, that's workable speed. :) Kids walking to school by themselves (once old enough to have decent judgement/not get lost :>) isn't at all unusual in towns in Australia either. Doesn't seem to be a policy that's working out well for them though, when factoring in things like this happening. Hmmm, oVirt is probably interesting in this space too: https://www.ovirt.org It's more a competitor to VMware clusters though, or was last time I played with it (a few years ago). It has a decent rep. Any word on real world endurance? There's some speculation these devices are massively overprovisioned due to the er... cells (or equivalent) wearing out much faster than early hype/info/etc. So, it'd be interesting to get a real world idea if these things are likely to explode badly ;) 6 months after purchase or not (etc). :) Worst case (?) scenario, they were abusing the system themselves or were being pressured to allow others to do so. It's unlikely, but my point is it's a hole in their system which would allow this to happen and it seems like they've deliberately let it continue. :( There was a science fiction story (years ago) along those lines. Someone created a plastic eating bacteria which escaped from lab confinement → mutated to voraciously eat pretty much all plastic (from memory) → downfall of human civilisation. Not remembering the title off hand though, although it was a good read. Maybe someone else here knows it. :) Well, while might be possible they were properly digesting/biodegrading the plastic involved, it's also possible they were just "chewing holes" in the plastic. eg mechanical action making the plastic smaller, but not changing its chemical structure The caterpillars in the linked article are biodegrading the plastics into non-plastic (fairly quickly). That's the key thing. > [...] the maintenance headaches with MySQL started to have negative effects on our teams morality [...] As a general observation, "morality" (eg moral values) might be the wrong word there. Guessing you're meaning "morale" (?), which is more like "how happy our team members are". That minor nitpick aside though, thanks for sharing. :) Interestingly, in some industries it's a common tactic (among the less reputable?) for disrupting rivals. For example, if Oracle or Microsoft did it, literally no-one would be surprised. Perhaps Tesla's use of hmmm... "IT industry tactics" in non-IT industries is the problem? That draws an interesting counterpoint: the RIAA's long standing attempt to have copying of non-physical things be perceived as theft. Oh wow, some exec at Microsoft will be salivating at being able to overlay ads on everything . ... and with Win10's telemetry / user tracking, they'd likely become freakishly good at targeting too. Looking at the specs, none of the Z2 configurations have ECC memory. That's extremely disappointing for a "workstation". :( Ahhh thanks, didn't notice that. :) As pointed out by another commenter, Intel has released the advisary: https://security-center.intel.com/advisory.aspx?intelid=INTE... It confirms much of the SemiAccurate report, but also includes this: "This vulnerability does not exist on Intel-based consumer PCs." Which seems to differ from what SemiAccurate was saying. I'm not sure if it's SemiAccurate being... er... not completely accurate :D, or if it's Intel trying to downplay things. I guess we'll find out more over the next few days/weeks. Damn, didn't know about that at all. :( Seems Windows specific? It'd be nice to have something that actually disables these additional Intel "management" chipsets, across all platforms. They're also calling it "Liquid Glass". Reminds me of Liquid Metal: • http://liquidmetal.com/properties/the-science/ • http://liquidmetal.com/properties/properties/ Wonder if they'd be useful in combination with each other? Ouch: The trials delivered some success [...] but when high-doses of the drug were linked with increased rates of cancer in animals, GSK decided to scrap further development of the drug for humans. Is there some indication of a new approach without the increased cancer risk? Not seeing it from the Verge article, though I could have missed something. Wonder if Kim Dot Com's legal team would be able to make use of this in their ongoing US legal saga? Personally I suspect it could excel at visualisation/display/analysis of dense data. But, the "what like exactly?" is eluding me atm. That's likely the key problem. :) Yeah, that sounds like it could be effective. It's not always that clear cut. While there are definitely bad, ill-will generating ways to generate revenue for Open Source projects... but at the same time there can be positive ways of doing it too. It very much depends on the norms and expectation of the Community around any given project though. :) IPMI falls into similar waters, and also has known design flaws around authentication. :( In theory, definitely. :D Unfortunately though, too many of them still seem to make the connection. eg looking through Shodan quickly just now still shows potentially 1k+ examples. Ugh. :( But you're right that it's a lot less than is likely present for this AMT problem. > If they're embedding an entire oracle JVM then it's probably pretty safe. This sounds a bit strange to me. Oracle releases a lot of updates for the JRE. eg Java 8 is up to number 131 at the time of writing this, though they're probably (hopefully!) not all security updates: • http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/inde... • http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/8u-relnotes-22... With that in mind, wouldn't an embedded Oracle JVM be a very bad idea from a security standpoint? (if network connected, and not updated of course) Pretty much a dupe of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14277005 .