An immature penis joke is not "harassment". You shouldn't throw that word around like it's meaningless. Harassment is a serious thing, and this joke most certainly is not. Hardness only determines how difficult something is to scratch. Resistance to cracking is much more complex. For example, I could easily smash a diamond with a steel hammer. But I could also use that diamond to slowly grind the hammer to dust. It's (quite) a bit more complex (and expensive) than that. You can't just push a lump of carbon really hard into a sheet. You have to worry about all sorts of things to get a high-quality crystal, and making crystals that are both optically high-quality and large is very expensive. What was solved 50 years ago? Just because we can make synthetic diamonds does not mean we can make synthetic diamonds of any arbitrary size or quality. In fact, it becomes exponentially more expensive in proportion to the volume of the produced diamond. Most artificial diamond companies limit mass to 2-300mg per diamond because it gets much more expensive after that. Of course, we are speaking of optical-quality monocrystaline diamonds here. Polycrystaline diamonds are less expensive, but unsuitable for optical equipment (e.g. cell phone screens). That's not to say the problem is hopeless; in fact, there has been some very interesting research done in recent years on low-pressure microwave-based diamond synthesis that could allow for very large, kilocarat-scale diamonds. But for now, it is not feasible (as far as I know) to produce diamonds in the shape and size needed for cell phone screens, and certainly not at low cost. "The constitution is not a suicide pact." How do you know? It seems to me like the people who wrote the constitution (and authored/ratified the Bill of Rights) were willing to risk everything to achieve the freedoms enumerated in the constitution and its subsequent amendments. While I'm probably projecting my own opinions onto them to some extent, it seems to me that the founders of the United States would rather see the nation fall apart than become what they set out to destroy. "because virtually everyone (including the courts) agrees there should be some limits to free speech" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum "Virtually everyone" is not qualified to make a constitution, and if by "the courts" you mean the SCOTUS, then the courts have a history of doing a lot of stupid things based on personal bias. Or you can sell it. There are a number of middlemen who purchase vulnerabilities (in ways that protect the seller) and re-sell them to security firms. Claiming the UK has better individual privacy than the US is blatantly false. There are a lot of things I like about the UK, but privacy is not one of them. Some examples: The UK has no equivalent to the Fifth Amendment. In the UK, it is a crime not to give up your encryption keys to the police when requested. The punishment for keeping secret keys secret is two years in prison if you are suspected of most crimes, and five years in prison if you are suspected of "heinous" crimes. The UK also does not have something like the 4th amendment, which means that things like the Terrorism Act 2000 pass without challenge. Admittedly, the USA has been just as bad in this regard (with such things as the PATRIOT act), but I suppose some of the blame has to go towards the public attitude immediately following 9/11. In the landmark United States case Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479, the SCOTUS ruled 7-2 that there was an implicit right to privacy in the United States constitution, backed by Constitutional Amendments 1,3,4,5,9, and 14. This right to privacy has not yet been used to protect internet privacy, but considering that the internet as we know it has been around for only 20 or so years, this is not exactly surprising. SCOTUS judges have a history of voting for a right to privacy despite their own personal beliefs, as demonstrated in Griswold v. CT, Bowers v. Hardwick, Roe v. Wade, etc. so this should hold up when it comes to internet privacy as well. And then, of course, there's the UK's history of egregious privacy rights violations, including widespread state-sponsored video surveillance, suspicion-less stop-and-searches, extensive usage of web-filtering system, and even deep packet inspection of and tampering with content transferred over HTTP. So the funny thing is that the UK already has extensive monitoring of people in cities, huge cloud computers monitoring their traffic, and extensive wiretapping. What you're describing as a terrible future for the US is already a reality in the UK. The NRA only protects hunter's rights (sometimes at the expense of non-hunting gun owners). The most recent victories in the supreme court were by the Second Amendment Foundation, and think-tanks like the Cato institute have done much more for the second amendment than the NRA. While the last decade or so has been good for supporter of gun rights, the entire 20th century was not. A lot of what gun rights activists are trying to do now is gain back some of the rights they lost in the 20th century. As a side note, I think it is interesting is that 3D printer and other consumer-level CAD technology may be for the Second Amendment what the internet was for the First: a way to bypass government regulations altogether. Please do not mistake my post for an endorsement of pro- or anti-gun viewpoints, I just want to clarify that the NRA isn't actually all that great for gun rights, and gun rights activists haven't been all that successful until recently. Neither of those things are indigenous to the UK's government. It's not like the UK actually follows half the things outlined in the ECHR. Which is why you sell it through established anonymous channels to well-known and well-reputed middlemen. >Of the 19 final declarations of incompatibility that had been issued by UK courts under the HRA by August 2011, only a single one hasn't yet been remedied (being the absolute ban on prisoner voting). You're right, my mistake. I was not aware that the Terrorism Act 2000 had been found not in accordance with the law. In my defense, it did take them 10 years to decide so. The last time I had studied the issue in-depth was before Gillan and Quinton v United Kingdom. So that's +1 for the UK; the courts have at least stood up to suspicion-less stop-and-searches. Of course, that's only a very small part of the problem. There is some strange mental block that makes it difficult for people to understand that technological progress does not and will not result in mass unemployment. Here's a clearer example with humans instead of horses: 200 years ago, Shoemaking was one of the world's largest industries. Today, it represents a very small fraction of the world economy and almost all shoemakers have been replaced by machines. What happened? As shoemaking machines became commonplace, shoemakers were suddenly unable to compete. Some of them found other jobs, some of them became destitute. Most were probably able to keep shoemaking until they retired, as the shoemaking machines took a while to roll out. However, the Shoemakers' children and other children in that generation were perfectly aware that shoemaking was no longer a viable industry. No one born after the popularization of shoemaking machines studied to become a shoemaker. What is the result? First, we now have less expensive, higher-quality shoes. This is not always an effect of mechanization, but it usually is. Second, we don't have mass unemployment. Why do we not have mass unemployment? Because when you replace workers with less expensive machines, one of two things happen; either the factory owner makes more money, or shoes start to cost less. If the factory owner makes more money, they spend it on a yacht or something. If the shoes cost less, the consumers have more money to spend on food or books or whatever. So, there are now very few people employed in the shoemaking industry, but all the shoemakers' children can now go into the expanding yacht-making or food-cooking or book-printing industries. Recap: Mechanization does not cause long-term unemployment. At worst, it causes unemployment for a single generation of workers. Ultimately, decreasing costs in one industry contribute to the growth of other industries (either via increased profits for the wealthy or decreased costs for the non-wealthy), so there is not a significant net change in employment. In the extreme scenario you mention, we have effectively infinite labor. Provided we also have effectively infinite energy and resources (which is entirely feasible or only a matter of time if technology is that advanced), the value of all three of those things (labor+energy+materials) drops to zero. That means we won't have to worry about employment. It will be an outdated concept. But in the mean time, we also have nothing worry about, for the reasons I mentioned. That's actually part one of the side effects of mechanization that I mentioned; not only does employment stay roughly the same, but we get better goods for less work. "The labor movement" had little to do with it; the amount of labor required for sustenance simply dropped to a remarkably small number of hours per day, thanks to technological advancement. The fact that we now have roughly 40 hour workweeks is simply how our culture responded to an exponential increase in productivity. So I'm not really sure what you're getting at. Are you complaining that we get to work so little and have so much? >The mayor of NYC coming out strongly and decisevly against the surveillance state would be huge. Bloomberg? Taking a stance for individual rights? You are a true comedian, sir! I wonder how long it will be before camera-smashing takes off as a political hobby. I know there are already a few groups in Russia doing it. How do they make money? If we have infinite labor, we have infinite resource extraction capabilities (limited by our access to energy). The scenario I see is solar-powered space mining. "Masculinity" is defined as "number of men who have this name per number of people who have this name." Seems to me like A)it's difficult to do this test accuracy given the small number of people who have a given name and B)it doesn't necessarily accurately reflect how we perceive the masculinity of a name. Also, "Because the number of female judges in the data is small, the asymptotic justification for conducting standard hypothesis tests is suspect." This is an interesting paper, but it seems like it would benefit from a larger dataset. Generally speaking, BGA solutions to fault-tolerance work by distributing everything across multiple computers. So every computer compares results with every other computer, and if a minority of computers find themselves in disagreement with a majority, the computers in the minority adopt the stance of the majority. I would be scared if they weren't using C (or a derivative like C++). C is a highly deterministic language. It has no "features" per se. If you point to a line of C code, I can tell you with very high certainty what assembly opcode(s) it will compile to. The only thing C does that might be considered a "feature" is memory abstraction, which is kind of important for any large programming project. Now, if you're trying to advocate using Java or Python or something, you've obviously never worked on embedded software. Not only does any very-high-level language introduce much higher resource requirements, but they are also much less deterministic (which is BAD for spacecraft). Proper C code is not less stable than any very-high-level language. In fact, there is a lot less that could go wrong. That's the whole point. There is no central authority; all computers are on the same level. Each computer does the calculations independently, and then they compare results. The computers in the majority either get the minority computers to accept the results or they somehow override the minority computers. I'm not sure how they negotiate, for example, low-level hardware access, but that's just an implementation issue. Take a look at the Bitcoin protocol. It's a very impressive example of many different computers agreeing upon something precisely, despite the fact that many parties have a vested interest in disrupting the Bitcoin network. >(is this possible?) re-tuning the beam's frequency. No. DVD burners simply use a 630nm or 650nm red laser diode. It can not be re-tuned more than a few nm, by regulating the temperature of the diode. You could replace the diode, but that is more effort than it's worth, and there's not much else to replace it with. If you wanted more power you might use a different diode, but the diodes are almost always buried really far in there and you would have to replace the electronics as well. Why not both? The compliant issues you mention (for the most part) do not exist. There are very few extra legal limitations for selling ammunition over the internet. These legal limitations could be shifted to third-party retailers, with Amazon as a middleman only. There are literally no extra legal limitations or regulations for a company selling (non-firearm) firearm parts, which Amazon does not allow. Selling ammunition requires roughly the same amount of legal red tape as selling knives or tasers (which Amazon already does). Sorry, I should clarify. I mean things that are functional pieces of a firearm ("functional" is hard to define here), even if completely legal and unregulated, are not allowed on the Amazon marketplace. Example: FCGs or upper receivers. Cosmetic parts like stocks and handguards seem to be allowed, as you noticed. As for Magazines introducing liability, Amazon stocks thousands of items like Knives, Tasers, Pepper spray, etc. that are illegal in some states but legal in others (just like magazines). >It also looks like they're making this free as in beer: I have no interest in free beer. I prefer free speech. These devices work surprisingly well. I have been fairly happy with its performance. >This is a big difference, one that hasn't been examined too well, and what has been written on it is not encouraging[0]. Random numbers is just about as close as you can get to true anonymity. In fact, I'd say that it is as close as you can reasonably expect to get no matter how you try to achieve it. It's also trivial to dis-associate your Bitcoins from a particular cryptographic identity, through the use of mixing services. What makes gold intrinsically valuable? >it is likely that whoever created Bitcoin was an amateur. You're kidding, right? Bitcoin is the single most impressive application of cryptography that I have ever seen in my entire life, and I get to look at a lot of cool cryptosystems. The only entity that could have created Bitcoin is some kind of savant or a group of very talented people. >ECDSA and SHA256 are referenced but little is said about whether or not they compose securely with the Bitcoin protocol, or even if the Bitcoin protocol itself is secure. By making only a few basic assumptions about the security of SHA, RIPEMD, and ECDSA, it's plainly obvious to anyone who remotely understands the protocol that the protocol is, in fact, secure. If you don't believe me personally, why don't you ask all the talented cryptographers who could lay their hands on over a billion dollars if they found a critical flaw in the Bitcoin protocol? >(though Bitcoin is not secure under the security notions used by cryptographers) You have no idea what you're talking about. Bitcoin makes very strict security guarantees and does not violate them. >people are hoping that its USD rate climb to $1000 or even $1 million, which is pretty ridiculous. Is it really? Not too long ago, a Bitcoin was worth about $.0007. 130/.0007 = 185714 It's only four more orders of magnitude to get to the $1M range. I don't think it's going to happen, but it's not all that far-fetched. >When someone sends me an iMessage, their client sends as many copies as I have devices? Generally how this works is that the sender encrypts the message with a symmetric encryption algorithm (like AES) and then encrypts the randomly-generated AES key with RSA with each of the receivers' private keys. So you only send out a single message, but it can be decrypted by any of the intended recipients. I'm trying to find more info about the certificate burnt into the CPU. Thus far, all I can find is the UID, which is an AES key burnt into the CPU and protected from cryptanalysis. However, I can't find anything about an asymmetric crypto key burnt into the CPU. Do you have any more info on that? It's true, 12.3T represents a large portion of the world money supply. But not an insurmountably large portion. >If I temporarily change my name to a random number There's nothing temporary about it. Unless you voluntarily publish something associating a particular address with yourself, there's basically no way for someone else to make that association. Making the association is completely infeasible if proper precautions are taken. >The problem is that all your transactions take place with the same public key or set of public keys. No, they don't. In fact, with the default client, it tries to minimize the number of times you re-use any given public key. >Sure, you can add more keys to that mix, but someone can probably always untagle the web. No, they can't. The "web" is comprised of a lot of cryptographically random probabilistic association, so the most you can possibly say is something like "there is a .0001% chance that this address belongs to the owner of this other address, and a 99.999% chance that it belongs to someone else." Nothing that would even remotely hold up in court, or even let someone associate you with a purchase. It literally does not get any more anonymous than this in a distributed identity-based system. Whenever any iDevice downloads a new keybag with an extra key, it gives the user like 15 notifications that a new device has been added to the iMessage account. I don't think there's a way to suppress this (without releasing a new OS). And? How does any other digital coin system solve this problem? In the end, you can always associate an identity with a purchase. Bitcoin simply allows you to have an infinite number of disconnected identities. It's true, a double spend attack is P difficulty. But it's a very, very expensive P, and the Bitcoin protocol makes no concrete guarantee against double spends. It simply makes the guarantee "it is incredibly expensive to pull off a double-spend attack". Which, to be honest, is a better guarantee than any traditional money system can make. >The pool of people who could have created Bitcoin includes almost everybody who has taken university-level courses on cryptography, No way. Have you looked at the whitepaper? The entire thing? Even completely ignoring the clever leveraging of cryptography, the sheer genius behind the methodology of the protocol makes me think that someone(s) extremely talented came up with it. >Ideas like hashcash have been around much longer than Bitcoin. True, but much of the genius comes from the way transactions themselves work. Right now, we're only leveraging a small portion of Bitcoin's capabilities. Because Bitcoin is really based on scripts assigned a value, the Bitcoin protocol allows for incredibly complex economic interactions in a cryptographically secure manner. The deeper I look into the protocol, the more I realize how genius some of the design decisions were. And besides, Bitcoin obviously did something right, because it's the only decentralized digital currency to take off. >But you are seriously overestimating the amount of intelligence required for developing Bitcoin. I think you're underestimating the elegance and complexity of the Bitcoin protocol. It's much, much more than a few crypto primitives strung together. I've already read that document. There's nothing about burned-in asymmetric crypto keys, only the burned-in symmetric AES key (the UID). I can't stand using IDEs like IntelliJ or Eclipse or just about anything else I've tried. For some reason, all that crap that hangs around the editing area makes me feel claustrophobic and distracted. I also feel like a lot of the development process becomes a black box. Instead of understanding exactly how your project is compiling (i.e. with what settings) and what external resources you're including, the IDE kind of shields you from that. When you do a project with UNIX-style tools, you have complete control and understanding of every step. And then there's also the fact that I can't stand having IDEs underline everything in red when I'm in the middle of typing a line. >I've heard this position before, I just don't get it. This is my screen while working on an early stage of a side project: Looking at that just makes me twitch for some reason. It's all so distracting to me. Maybe I have a poor attention span, but for some reason I feel like I can be so much more productive with something like this: http://i.imgur.com/ADvQF6e.png I generally do text editing in Sublime (and like you said, the Apple trackpad + OS X's gesture detection algorithms is a very powerful combo) and I feel like my development is very "zen". >Changing the linting timeout is very simple. What I mean is that most IDEs are incredibly annoying about small mistakes, and sometimes something like a dropped semicolon can light up a whole file with errors. The only IDE that I feel is sufficiently non-annoying about static code checks is Xcode. Xcode has very clever, non-distracting notifications about forgotten punctuation, control flow errors, etc. No, but the person being snooped gets a notification. No, by default your device notifies the shit out of you whenever your keybag is modified. >Amateurs can be talented. Not this talented. And you are aware that it's likely that "Satoshi Nakamoto" was actually a team of programmers, right? You don't get that kind of collaboration with clueless college kids. >no formal definition of security properties, no formal threat model, analysis that is limited to a specific attack strategy Why would they do that? Nakamoto wasn't selling the bloody thing, he was sharing the idea. We, the developers, have done this independently after Nakamoto fell off the radar. >I think the vast majority of Bitcoin users know little about Bitcoin's security properties or what it means for Bitcoin to be "secure." Maybe in the last year or so, but before that, 90% of the Bitcoin community was well educated on cryptography, and most of the power users still are. >The fact that a system is popular does not mean that the system is secure You're leaving something important out; the system is popular and the system has not been defeated in any meaningful capacity. That is a strong indicator of security. >It is also worth pointing out the Bitcoin is pretty unique in not having a "bank." Most digital cash systems require that currency be issued by an authority of some kind, and seek only to decentralize transactions (i.e. allowing offline transactions). No kidding! That's the whole motivation behind Bitcoin in the first place. >Being the only digital cash system without a bank that became popular is not as big of an achievement as you make it seem Are you shitting me? This is by far one of the biggest achievements in applied computer science in the last 25 years. Do you have any comprehension of the sheer number of previously purely theoretical methodologies leveraged to make Bitcoin happen? I feel like you're kind of dismissing Bitcoin without really completely understanding it. >It is not a better guarantee than previous digital cash systems made. Yes, it is. Cracking previous digital cash systems fell into the class of "hire a hacker" difficulty problems, which are significantly less difficult than the P difficulty problem presented by pulling off a 51% attack on the Bitcoin network. >that he (they?) is not well-educated in cryptography seems like a reasonable conclusion given what he published. Right, the person/group who published what may be the most significant usage case of applied cryptography in human history is probably not educated in cryptography. Have you even read the whitepaper? Perhaps you would change your tune if you saw what is actually being guaranteed. Nakamoto was perfectly aware of the challenges. When I say "Bitcoin is secure", that's by my standard, not Nakamoto's. I can't speak for him/them. I always go through and delete government and ISP certs from my computer's cert store. On OS X, you can do this from Keychain Access. The answer to this is a bit complex. But basically, if you're dealing with smaller transactions, it's OK to wait only a few seconds. If we're talking values However, there is a small risk of what is called a "double-spend attack". Basically, a criminal can send two Bitcoin transactions at once (one to the person they are paying and one to themselves). If they get lucky or can leverage a lot of computing power, they can make the person they are paying think they received their Bitcoins, but in the end, the attacker might be able to make the transaction in which they sent money to themselves go through first. Thankfully, such an attack is rather hard to pull off. If an attacker sends two transactions at once, some clients can detect such an attack and display a notification within a few seconds of the transaction. It also takes some luck and computer skill. Basically, it's not a repeatable process that someone can get away with. The other way, involving lots of computing power, is very expensive to pull off and gets exponentially harder as time goes on, which is why it's not really a risk for small transactions. So basically, there is a small risk of losing money if you only wait a few seconds, but almost no risk if you wait a few minutes. If my math is right, it takes, on average, 5 minutes for a block to confirm from any random point in time (if my math is right, which I'm not at all confident it is). So if I was doing a thousands-of-dollars transaction, I would wait for one block (5 minutes average? Someone check my math here), but if I was doing tens of thousands of dollars, I would wait for 3 blocks (closer to half an hour). Please, tell us Bitcoin's economic flaws. I do hope you're not going to parrot the same worn-out, fallacious complaints about deflationaryism, volatility, etc. that we've all heard and dismissed. That is patently false. The number of successful bitcoin businesses increases every day. Just take a look at Bitpay's success. I personally have spent hundreds of dollars in BTC on various products. >What legal business has any particular reason to accept Bitcoin payments, when they must then turn around and convert those payments to their nation's currency (at cost)? You should ask the hundreds of businesses that do so. The most obvious reason is the fact that it actually costs less. There are substantial fees associated with using credit/debit cards or paypal. The fees for converting BTC to fiat are much smaller. Lincoln was not the man we make him out to be. The Emancipation Proclamation was purely political. Lincoln wanted to split the country and pick up the bigger half. I suspect that, if not for the Emancipation Proclamation, we might call Lincoln a bad president. It might, if the article weren't so ridiculously overstated. >What would Lincoln gain by splitting the country in half? Do you understand that this is the single most successful way to political success in a historically bipartisan political system? This is how American politics works (and always has worked). Political parties make a big deal out of what are small issues in other countries in order to try to polarize the American public. The emancipation proclamation was simply one of these polarizing tactics. Here are a few Abraham Lincoln quotes you might enjoy: >“I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the states where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.” >“Negro equality! Fudge! How long, in the government of a god, great enough to make and maintain this universe, shall there continue to be knaves to vend, and fools to gulp, so low a piece of demagogue-ism as this?” >"there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will ever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality." >"My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it" >"In the course of his reply, Senator Douglas remarked, in substance, that he had always considered this government was made for the White people and not for the negroes. Why, in point of mere fact, I think so too." >international terrorism. Haven't you heard? Privacy = terrorism. Do you really want the government to be in charge of data transport with its track record of blatantly ignoring the right to privacy? Aren't you the least bit concerned that we'll end up with something like in the UK or China, where government control over internet infrastructure has lead to extensive monitoring and censorship? I'd rather take (possibly) slower and/or more expensive internet that the government has to put a lot of elbow grease in to censor or monitor than a (possibly!) cheaper and/or faster internet that the government has extensive control over. If you've worked in telecom, you might know how extensive the government's data monitoring infrastructure already is. I sure as hell don't want to make it any bigger. >any more than I lose sleep over having my mail opened. You know, that does bother some people. Are you bothered with having your incoming and outgoing mail checked for un-approved messages and then having those thrown away? >Yet we all support background checks. Sure do love that anecdotal evidence. Do you think the gun lobby helped to write the second amendment? I'd also like to point out that the gun industry doesn't really run ads in the same way most industries do. I've never seen a single gun ad outside of a gun magazine. People die every day. About 150,000 of them. That's nothing special. What is really going to matter in the long run is how we treat the people who are going to keep living into the future. I'm much more concerned for the living than I am for the dead. >but that doesn't mean this isn't a very emotional and trying time for many Right, because we should totally let the emotionality of a situation determine whether or not we completely overreact to the situation. >and save your opinions for a more appropriate time. RMS (and anyone else) is perfectly within his rights to say whatever he wants, whenever he wants. There is no "more appropriate time." Seems to me like Namecoin is a practical, secure method of distributed identification and verification. It's basically a secure P2P key:value store based off of Bitcoin's method of operation. Its original intent was to replace DNS (the website name is the key, the IP address is the value), but I see no reason why we couldn't also use it to host public keys. BoA would have to buy the rights to that name from whoever got it before them. Is the Ethernet PHY connected to the main processor over USB or something faster/more efficient? One of my biggest complaints about the Raspberry Pi is that the Ethernet is capped at a few dozen mbps, presumably due to constraints associated with USB. Nope, mine don't seem to go higher than around 6MBps (48mbps) on a good day. Edit: That was with one of the first models. My new one seems to hit about 75mbps. Using iperf (i.e. pretty ideal conditions) I peak at around 75Mbit/sec on a latest-generation Pi. Regarding your Roman Fire Brigade example, we can now produce a much more effective system with modern bookkeeping technology. Instead of paying for fire protection as your house burns, you pay for the fire protection in advance. In fact, that's already the way it works in some parts of the world. You pay the fire department in advance (so they can pay for the upkeep of their machines), and if you don't, they have no obligation to put out your flaming house. >Roads are a public good, not a business It's funny how I keep getting charged to drive on certain roads that provide a better service than certain other roads. > any decrease in government oppression isn't offset by the realities of the drug trade. What "realities of the drug trade"? Any drug sales happening on TSR are by small-time manufacturers and dealers. There are no shootings or stabbings on TSR. The cartels don't have any reason to use TSR. I think the nature of TSR prevents most of the "realities" you're citing. There are shitloads of lawyers who pick up malpractice lawsuits on contract, saying that they'll do the case for free if they get x% of the winnings. >It literally saves lives. Authoritarianism does tend to save lives. That doesn't make it a good thing. >If healthcare was left as a completely free market I dread to think how many people would die as a result of cut corners and rushed diagnoses. As if that isn't the case in the most heavily bureaucratized healthcare systems today... The free market doesn't result in "cut corners;" it results in optimal middle grounds between cost-saving and quality of service, tailored to individual market groups. #4 is hard thanks to the relatively strong crypto iMessage seems to use. Hopefully Apple can work out the kinks, though. #20 is hard because of how instrumental the lockscreen is to certain core functionality, including full-filesystem encryption. Apple would have to define a funky lockscreen API, and it would be really difficult to ensure that any given custom lockscreen didn't seriously impair device security (e.g. by returning a low-entropy key). #36 sounds unappealing to me. I don't want more social networking fads cluttering up my mobile OS. #46 kind of misses the point of Air Drop. We have dozens of easy-to-use and robust remote filesharing solutions. Air Drop only simplifies the act of creating a WLAN. There are some good points here, but a lot of this kind of just seems like a Christmas list for the Apple Santa. >it will refuse to run the application (even if you try to bypass gatekeeper). That sounds kind of shitty to me... Is there any simple way around that? That's a very valid point. I'm just worried about Apple's blacklisting mechanism being subverted, but I suppose stripping signatures isn't hard. Some people don't mind being tracked, and some people prefer it (because it can increase the quality and relevance of services offered to them). I can't think of a reason we should outright deny such services from existing. Additionally, such regulations would probably end up applying only to corporations (who are usually not malicious, and only want my money) but not applying to governments, who can cite "national security" concerns to justify tracking people anyway. As for mandating government transparency and protecting encryption, I think those could have a lot of potential to help without unfairly limiting any person or group. And I agree, we should make fewer things illegal, which is another reason it might not be smart to make collecting consumer data illegal. >Why build a factory today if you can get 5% a year increase in purchasing power just by hoarding currency? You don't; but the reality is that if the need for something becomes great enough, the potential profits from investing in production of that thing surpass the potential profits of saving. And if no one is investing in production, prices increase, combatting deflation. As usual, the market will solve this problem given a little time. >In a modern economy, especially where there's a lot of debt finance, price deflation is death. Then I guess businesses can continue to use deflationary currency while everyone who wants to save can use Bitcoin or some other non-deflationary holding. >Anyway, since Bitcoin isn't a currency in the sense of a transaction medium, a stable store of value, and a unit of account, but more akin to a digital pet rock or Beanie Baby, deflation doesn't really matter very much. A deflationary currency is certainly not a stable store of value either. Bitcoin is, of course, a transaction medium and a unit of account. I guess if you wanted, you could conduct transaction in beanie babies, but it would be much less convenient. Replacing the underlying crypto is 1000x simpler than replacing the coin production mechanism, for both political and practical reasons. You can replace RIPE or ECDSA or even SHA (in the address-generation mechanism) without impacting the miners at all. >everything should be encrypted by default Regarding phones, this is already the case with iOS. The Full-disk and Full-filesystem encryption mechanisms appear to be fairly/very strong. I believe since Android 4, full filesystem encryption has been supported, but I'm not sure if it's as well-integrated as on iOS. Apple has made an effort (although an imperfect one) to make text messaging secure by default. Obviously Apple screwed up pretty badly by making all this stuff closed-source, and it's probably full of vulnerabilities, but the reality is that this seems to be, in practice, enough to thwart LEO attempts to surveil users of iOS devices. I think we're on the right track. Have you used the new GPGTools client for OS X yet? It's the easiest thing in the world to encrypt emails. I don't even have to put a second thought in. OS X also supports S/MIME out of the box, which is just as easy (if not easier) to use after you get it set up. Go to page 10. http://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/crcl-bor... >The state knows what it needs to know about bitcoins in the sense that it knows it can stop them easily Really? Because whatever they're doing doesn't seem to be working very well. That law was only used a few times, and even fewer times successfully. It was overturned in '08, but it was very rarely used even before then. Something about the article doesn't sit right with me. It doesn't match with the way I feel my own thought processes working. My brain is not constantly considering all possible binary options. (Is my phone ringing in my left pocket? My right pocket? In each of the bajillion possible positions it might sit within that pocket?) My brain is just receiving sensory data, not constantly making such high-level judgements on it. If it passes a certain threshold, it goes to some higher thought process and I consciously take note of it. When I feel a phantom phone vibration, it's as if I'm actually experiencing the sensation, not as if some low-level part of my brain reached out into my frontal lobe and started sounding the "phone is vibrating" alarm. http://www.google.com/trends/correlate/search?e=id%3AEJ2JLv5... http://www.google.com/trends/correlate/search?e=id%3AEJ2JLv5... I'd rather deal with some shitty ISPs and some good ones than be forced to use a single shitty government ISP for the rest of my life. >It would be great if there was a fixed colo fee for caching servers. Great for whom? Legally mandated fixed fee services are generally not the highest in customer satisfaction. >Starving people die from lack of protein, not low body fat. [...] Calories and stored fat have little to do with it. A fat person will die of starvation before a muscular person. Don't be ridiculous. If you use up your glycogen reserves, and then your fat reserves, you are dead. You need energy to live, and it has to come from somewhere. You can die of protein deficiency, but it's definitely not the sole cause of death by starvation, and I doubt it's even the leading cause of death by starvation. There are some weird and strangely compelling sites on that list. I went on a very strange journey through some of those sites, and I found a chat room evidently operated by some secretive domain-squatting millionaire filled with a motley crew of famous shock site operators and random bored folks stumbling across two-letter domains. The internet still manages to surprise me sometimes. What you're looking at is the die of an LED. Almost made the same mistake myself. A few folks from Canonical on IRC told me that they don't have any plans to support upcoming major smartphones. It sounded like they were hinting at hiring a Chinese OEM to make them a custom branded phone that they would support (but not a brand new phone; just a standard Android smartphone with an Ubuntu logo). I said that was a terrible idea, and that it would severely limit the number of adopters of Ubuntu Touch, but they basically said "not your problem." True, I suppose, but I hope I misunderstood what they were saying. Yep. A victimless crime is not a crime at all. Absolutely. On AVRs, `new` and `malloc` work, but just barely. RAII/stack-only programming is basically a necessity. That is simply not possible with languages like Python or Javascript. And what happens when you need to specify a pin mode on the Tessel? If you don't have at least tri-state support (which isn't compatible with human-friendly abstractions like "blink"), you're going to burn out a lot of sensors. Most modern microcontrollers have anywhere from 3 to 5 possible pin states, and I don't think it's possible to safely wrap these up in a nice, human-friendly function like "blink". For example, on a lot of ARMs, you have: In, no pull In, pulled up In, pulled down Out, up Out, down and on AVRs, you have In, no pull In, pulled up Out, up Out, down You necessarily have to have ugly secondary functions like "pinMode". No, this story demonstrates that an "excessive" inheritance is a burden to a certain set of heirs. It tells us nothing about the effect of "excessive" inheritances on other heirs. Let's not take sample sizes of one and use them to justify assertions about large groups, shall we? Did you actually read the headline? That is precisely what it is saying. Perhaps the author's arguments about the benefits of graphing calculators are legitimate, but there is no reason that this is specific to TI. TI 8* calculators seem to me to be particularly overpriced and lacking in modern features. You did a very good job of making it sound as though it is someone else's fault, even intention, when someone fails. Of course, calling failure "euthanization" is ridiculous fallacious bullshit. When you replace someone with a machine, the cost of creating whatever object or service they worked to create goes down. Either the customer gets a better deal (and has more money), the shareholders get more profit, or some combination of the two. Either way, the customer buys more stuff or passes the benefits onto their customers, and the shareholders buy more stuff. All of a sudden, there is more demand for labor, and over time, the displaced humans get hired again. You are invoking the luddite fallacy. That's probably because there's no good reason things won't just work themselves out. Said people in every historical state that was slowly sliding towards despotism. Look up the luddite fallacy. When we, as a society, reach that point, goods will be so cheap that people won't need to work to live. Good. These rules are ridiculous and not founded in reality. No consumer communication device is going to cause harmful interference with avionics or communications equipment, especially in modern planes with double redundancy and heavy shielding. These rules, just like many others, are rooted in nothing more than tradition and superstition. >I think we may start to see Moore's Law starting to be applied to Solar Cells. It would have to be a kind of inverse Moore's law, given that you can't double beyond 100%. >The truth is that people are not rational actors. Adolescents are even less so. And yet, any remotely intelligent person living in a remotely modern country is completely capable of not getting pregnant or getting someone else pregnant, should they choose not to. Let's not completely absolve people of blame just because they're poor/young/whatever. Everyone is capable of autonomy. Given that they speak of "evil numbers", I think it is reasonable to assume that the Shamans did not understand how the algorithm works. The inventor may have, but it seems likely that the users did not. Or you could just, you know, not buy their products. I don't know if I agree with that adage. I think "Make it right" should come first. It's very easy to assemble perfectly constructed, but not fully functional, pieces of software into a coherent piece. It's comparatively very difficult to "fix" something that already works, both psychologically and practically. Psychological removal is a serious concern. It could be a lot easier to kill someone when you're removed by a few layers of abstraction. Because a robot with an automatic rifle is way scarier than a robot with a semi-automatic rifle. Not only is your comment a really ignorant and tedious shot at Chick-fil-a, but you clearly didn't even read the article. More alarmism. >Fizzy drinks can have a 'serum fructose concentration of six micromolar, enough to do major arterial and pancreatic damage'. You're telling me that if I replace my blood with fizzy drinks, it could do major arterial and pancreatic damage? Wow, who knew? Look at the Blockchain app. For those curious: Yes, there is already a wallet app available on the App Store called "Blockchain". It's a thin client app, which is usually more secure than using Coinbase (which keeps your private keys). It supports sending, receiving, etc. from your phone. The UI is so nice that I prefer using it to all other Bitcoin apps, be they mobile or desktop. Even if the laser is extremely low divergence (maybe NASA is using some huge gas laser or something), atmospheric effects will still cause significant widening of the beam. Not to mention The Economist's fetishes for gun control and government health care monopoly. So according to this thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6640324 Mozilla is going to add a Cisco blob to their distributed browser, and not the actual compiled source. Any clarification on that? See Bitmessage. It has two options. Either senders can spend a significant amount of time (~30 seconds) doing a proof-of-work calculation and send a message to a single person, or they can spend the same amount of time and send a message to an arbitrary number of people, but only if those people are subscribed to the person sending the message. What's missing? I was very skeptical about Bitmessage, but it totally surpassed my expectations when I tried it. That's not at all why grid timing is so precise. Multiple generation systems feed into the same grid. If they're out of phase by even a few milliseconds, that translates to huge power losses. If power generation companies didn't synchronize to high precision, they would lose a lot of power and probably break some equipment. >aping the white male privileged life of the mind Oh look: another racist, sexist, and poorly written complaint piece masquerading as some kind of intelligent discourse. >There's a fine line between prisoner and slave. A lot of well-thought-out political ideologies maintain that there isn't a line at all. You really think it's ethical to entice people into thinking they're committing a crime, just to have an excuse to investigate them? That seems kind of shady to me. The article claimed it was a "Multi-billion dollar industry". I don't think there's any compelling evidence that this is true. >You book guys think you can just push levers on a printing press and write around the Vatican. So naive. >they have more than enough computing power. No, they don't. Not even close. What they do have is enough money to print more ASICs than the Bitcoin community has. If you're worried about the environmental impacts of Bitcoin mining, you may want to consider a priority re-evaluation. I don't think you can get a USB ASIC for $5. They're still in the tens of dollars range. >I would say that the determinism or non-determinism doesn't really matter. It's kind of (very) important for information theory and computability theory. If the universe is deterministic, a sufficiently small physical system can be exactly simulated by a sufficiently powerful Turing machine. There are two wallets available in the app store. Blockchain and Coinjar. I can attest to the security and great UI of Blockchain. I don't know anything about coinjar. According to the article, it ranges from 16x more time-complex to 256x more time-complex, depending on what you're doing with it. Am I missing something? Doesn't any mail client that auto-loads images and stuff have this problem? It simply changes how much people are willing to spend. The question becomes "Does buying this thing now have more utility to me than having several times this thing's value in a few years?" The answer is sometimes "yes". Getting an ARM VM running Raspbian with QEMU on OS X is surprisingly easy. It's not like KVM would help with ARM anyway, so Rasbian+QEMU on OS X is basically the same as on Linux. Current ARM emulators aren't great in the speed department. Fine for low speed requirement command line tools, but they don't do so hot on graphical stuff. I'm one of the two developers. I got the proof server working again so you can play with it. Try proving data and typing in "testing" (lowercase). It will tell you when we put it in the blockchain. This file should also work: http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/filepicker%2FvCleswcKTpuRX... It's a little patchy, but it does work! Payments are fake, and don't do anything! So don't pay! I don't know how much our Bitcoin wallet has left in it. I'll try to remember what we've uploaded so you can try it out. Bitcoin/crypto code here: https://github.com/wyager/hacktx-proveme You can put "comments" (raw text) in the transactions. I have done so. Try piping the blockchain database into the unix util `strings` and you will see some. It is a non-standard transaction, and I don't know if they're still allowed. My friend and I did this as well for a hackathon (HackTX) a few days ago! 162.242.216.46 Try proving data and typing in "testing" (lowercase). It will tell you when we put it in the blockchain. This file should also work: http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/filepicker%2FvCleswcKTpuRX... Here is our bitcoin/crypto stuff. https://github.com/wyager/hacktx-proveme It's not up to my usual quality because we did it in 24 hours with a sleep break! Please don't judge me on this :p The tulip mania is probably a myth. If you consider those things to bestow "intrinsic value" (a fallacious concept), the Bitcoin has "intrinsic value" because it is portable, divisible, fungible, scarce, and has all the other properties we want from a scarcity-based currency while having all the great benefits (and more) of digital fiat money. Only if you don't think USD, JPY, GBP, and all the products and services you can buy with BTC are worth anything either. This is true. Maximum entropy increases with the surface area of a space, not its volume. This is well explained by the holographic principle. Every time I read about obscure C++ features, the more I'm convinced that the language needs to be torn down and rebuilt from scratch. Because we don't have the technology to get rid of shitty jobs yet. We can't make that technology come faster by eliminating incentives to perform shitty jobs. Because taxing high earners will magically make the necessary technology appear. Making open source projects is fun. Flipping burgers and cleaning toilets isn't. And believe it or not, people do pay for open-source programs. It's just not necessarily the end user. When phones with >4GB are ubiquitous, any apps previously developed for 64 bit platforms will be ready to take advantage of increased RAM. I like my phone to fit nicely in my pocket. If I wanted a 5-6 inch screen I would just go for a tablet. Wait a year. No reason not to support multiple currencies, of course. The only ways to get n-key rollover over USB are through dirty hacks (like USB hub emulation) or through non-standard drivers. It is an issue. And now paypal bans you and freezes your account for 8 months because they feel like it. >like that it might be the last thing humans ever need to invent Damn. Putting it like that is powerful. Wow. Truly a beautiful feat of engineering. This leverages capabilities I didn't even know python had. How feasible is it to change the C standard to allow for implicit struct unpacking? So if I have `point foo(void)`, I can do `x, y, z = foo()`. It seems like it would work well with the many ABIs that return small structs in registers. I'm pretty sure we're talking about "violence" in the abstract/legal context here. Or at least, that's how I think about it. I would say that stealing from someone is "violent". >I don't even know how to conceptualize a Kelvin-Byte. I can actually see where this unit would be useful; in determining the probability of bit rot. The more kelvins you have, and the more bytes you have, the more likely you are to flip a bit due to random fluctuations. temperature*storage capacity = Kelvin-Bytes. He explained why he chose those 5. Only those 5 advertised certain features he needed. I would ditch Apple in a heartbeat if I felt that anyone could provide a similar hardware experience. I'm not just talking about CPU/RAM/Graphics card (yes, I know I can get a slightly better deal with non-Apple hardware), but everything else as well. Apple displays are beautiful and completely free of defects, Apple trackpads are incredible, the computers are ridiculously thin (my new ThinkPad is twice as thick as my MBP), the battery life is incredible (my early 2013 MBP gets 5-6 hours, new MBPs get 10-12 hours), etc. The hardware is just great. I don't understand why no one else can make hardware like this. Re. failed laptops: I had to take my last MBP in for repair something like 8 times in 6 months. Totally unacceptable. Most of the time it was for something they botched during the last repair. However, Apple gave me store credit for the purchase price of the laptop and then some, so I'm happy. I do beat the shit out of my laptops, so I'm sure someone who was more gentle would have better luck. Because I often feel impeded by the partially closed nature of OS X and the extremely closed nature of iOS. Still no Nexus 7 2013 (flo) support for Ubuntu :( Bullshit. The "freedom" of the subscriber is not on the line. The subscriber can do as they wish. I can't go into a hotel and claim I have the "freedom" to use my room as a distillery just because I paid for the room. The ISP can also regulate bandwidth as they wish. They're a company, not a public organization (depending on where you live). If you don't like it, choose another ISP. If you can't choose another ISP, work to change the situation so you can. I'd rather get people pissed off enough at the current monopolistic ISP situation to change it rather than keep the situation at just the right place that no one is happy. The telcos don't owe users anything more than is specified in the contract. The telcos are a company; there is no moral reason to force the ISPs to do anything more than they contracted to do. Instead of having everyone continue to be pissed off at the shitty monopolistic telcos, and having the telcos continue to be pissed off because we keep demanding that the government squash the telcos' rights to provide a shitty service, let's work to change the situation so that telcos don't get exclusive rights to public resources like land and spectrum. Yeah, those rich people are inherently so creepy! I don't buy this at all. Upward mobility never existed in the romanticized fashion that people like to talk about. There was never a point in time where billionaires sprang out of the ground like dandelions. The most "mobile" periods in history were when vast stores of untapped wealth were first being tapped. Westward expansion, the gold rush, etc. That's obviously not going to be 100% of the time. Today, I guess the closest thing is the internet. And a lot of people have gone rags-to-riches (or the more realistic not-riches-to-riches) through the internet. Maybe it's less mobility than, say, a hundred years ago, maybe not. But really, that's beside the point. Every single person in the entire world has been "moving up" for the last 300 years. Things are constantly getting better. Even if we completely disregard the social progress that's been made (think abolition of slavery), the rapid progression of technology is constantly raising everyone's standard of living. Luck is probabilistic. Persistence allows one to exponentially reduce the chance of a negative outcome. If you fail, try again. And again. And again. Of all the self-made rich people that I know, their one common trait is persistence. They failed a lot. They didn't let bad luck stop them. This is from a very old version of iOS (2007). We don't know if this is still true. Regardless, I can say for a fact that there are exploits for all cell phone platforms. iOS exploits are by far the hardest to find. An iOS remote execution 0day will easily fetch $250k. I've seen one go for $600k. For an Android remote exec 0day, you're looking at closer to $50k. Even if the NSA doesn't have these on hand, they can certainly purchase them. All cell phone OSs are compromised to some degree. If Apple's claims about their crypto were auditable, I would say that iOS is the best from a security standpoint. I like the idea. I would donate towards a more secure AOSP. Unfortunately, no matter how much you sure up your phone's OS, there is still a massive, gaping hole in the form of the baseband processor. Until we have phones where the baseband is a tightly regulated slave processor, accessible only through a low-privelege mechanism (like a USB port), we can't really hope to have truly secure phones anyway. It's not really a huge secret. I'm sure you could do a little digging and find out what's what. But that said, here's a run-down of the market: There are lone ranger types and small groups that churn out a few exploits. These guys (the small groups) go through trusted middlemen (usually via encrypted email), who buy the exploits at a discount. Now the middleman has a collection of 0days that he can sell to established customers, which might be government or criminal organizations. Sometimes the organizations want exclusive rights to an 0day (to prevent it getting leaked and patched), sometimes they don't. On the other, less sketchy, side of things, there are companies that do more or less the same thing. They do the same kind of vulnerability research, but a lot of the time it's on behalf of the company whose product they're trying to hack, or possibly a government organization. They don't usually go through middlemen; they just work directly with the government or company. They can't and don't do anything obviously illegal, which limits the amount of stuff they can make, but obviously sticking to legal activities has its benefits. Sometimes legality is a little fuzzy, but these groups try to tread lightly. Your predictions got more and more outlandish as the post went on. Directly counteracted by amazing new crypto technologies, a rising standard of living for everyone, better farming and sustenance techniques, a (successful) push for more efficient technology in general, the fact that there actually really isn't much mass extinction going around (not sure what you're referring to here), rapid development in fields like nanomachinery and nanomedicine, and the fact that technological equalization of destructive power could very easily be seen as a good thing. That entire article is a prime example of idiots blowing things out of proportion to generate internet drama. >the loss of a majority of all species by the end of the 21st century. And yet, humans are going to be fine. If worst comes to worst, we can whip up some sweet GM algae that will take care of pretty much every conceivable need we have for other macroorganisms. This is one of the things that made me really see the value of free software. I did verify experimentally that the Eurion constellation alone doesn't trigger photoshop's image rejection algorithm. I think it would be fun to distribute a bunch of images that false-positive the digimarc algorithms, just to mess with people. Because my software should never tell me that I can't do something for non-technical reasons. Assuming I'm a criminal is wrong. If I was a criminal, breaking the law is my decision, and my software should not impede my ability to do so. >And you know maybe that's a problem we should take seriously. Why? I'm not trying to be snarky; I just don't see how this is a big deal at all, or why it's worth trying to "fix" it (if you believe that anything is "broken"). I seem to recall reading that Zynga has in excess of 200,000,000 monthly users. If nothing else, the exposure will be interesting. >That is because iPhone 5S already can do what SnappyCam does in its native Cam app by holding down the shoot button. Wow! I had no idea! That's very cool. I was also very impressed with the 5S's slo-mo capture. It's exceptional quality for 120fps. I don't see how that's the case at all. What I do see is that when banks and government are so convolved as to be indistinguishable, there is necessarily harmful monopolization of markets and finance. Very few UL power adapters are as good as the ones Apple makes. I ran a bunch of my USB charger "cubes" at medium load and looked at their output on my o-scope one time. Most of the UL listed adapters had way more noise than the Apple one, even at just 500mA. There was one other manufacturer's charger that was as good as the Apple charger, but I can't remember off the top of my head who it was... I think it might have been HP or Asus or something. Which GPS units are acceptable for this? I'm working on a HAB and I'm worried about this CoCom bullshit. The one I'm thinking of uses a SiRFstarIII or IV; any idea of those use || instead of the proper &&? So are computers. Should computers be shipped with mandatory GPS units that shut them down when they go into "bad guy" countries? >Watches >$20 will always be jewelry first and functionality second. Bullshit. There are so many useful features that can't be packed into a High-precision resonators, wireless time reception, solar power and/or high quality power cells, sensors (temperature, location, direction, biometrics, etc.), utility features (chronograph, alarm, etc) are not "jewelry" features. They are strictly utile. And, of course, having obvious "computer" capabilities like a relatively high-resolution display and high-bandwidth short-range radio is not aesthetic; it's functional. Everyone and their dildo is munition if you want to go by ITAR standards. "Does this have a conceivable use by anyone? Well then, we'd better prevent those dern moslems from getting their hands on it." >Not nearly as efficiently as your regular heater does though. What do you mean? It's basically 100% efficient. Where else would the energy go? Through the ethernet port? It's a good idea. Myoelectric sensing is currently much more reliable and accurate than camera-based sensing. The algorithms involved are much simpler and more robust. I can actually see myself using something like this, whereas current-gen CV-based equipment really isn't good for anything but novelty. > [Deflation] is like a neutron bomb! What a fair and emotionally unladen assessment of an economic phenomenon. The "wasting energy" argument is idiotic. The amount of energy "wasted" by the Bitcoin network will always be approximately the amount of energy that can be bought with the Bitcoins mined in a given period. If the cost of energy is higher than the value of the Bitcoins the miners earn, miners will stop mining. Some miners don't care about cost (people who get free electricity) but they are not a significant factor. Miners also have to cover the cost of their hardware, so they want to leave a significant margin for profit. The cost of power for the Bitcoin network is very small compared to worldwide power usage. I keep hearing this meme of "inflation is always great, deflation is always bad" with nothing to support it but the same tired "inflation makes you spend money" argument. Inflation encourages spending money but discourages earning it. Deflation encourages earning money but discourages spending it. People need to eat, so in the end these competing interests will always balance out, whether your currency is inflationary or deflationary. No one steals CPU cycles to mine Bitcoin. CPUs are no longer profitable in the wake of Bitcoin ASICs, even with huge botnets. Most of theoretical economics is, at best, approximations that only work sometimes. I don't care if Krugman tells you otherwise; economic theory is, at best, a feeble attempt to find a pattern that matches experimentally observed behaviors. So yes, it is fine to run economic experiments. And the great thing about Bitcoin is that no one is being forced to use it, which I can't say is true for most economic systems. Do you disagree that Bitcoin is no worse than cash for illegal behavior? Stross didn't actually describe or design any of the economic systems he wrote about; he just imagined them from an external perspective and wrote some vague description of what they might accomplish. Indeed, that was some unnecessary ad hominem. However, it shouldn't detract from the blog post's other points, some of which were well-reasoned. As we watch out for fallacies, we need to be careful not to invoke the fallacy fallacy :) No one steals computing resources to mine Bitcoins. Bitcoin ASICs made Bitcoin botnets completely unprofitable. On the other hand, a small number of miners (none of the big mining groups) steal (if you want to call it that) electricity from, say, dorm rooms or apartment buildings. However, I doubt these people contribute even a percent of the network's total hashing power. Either the botnet operators are small-time fools or the article is incorrect. More likely is that the malware used some more CPU-friendly cryptocurrency. Even if you had a million slave computers, you really couldn't make all that much Bitcoin. There are significantly more profitable things to do with CPU time. >Sure, but we have a economy that's extremely reliant on consumer spending, in fact it's about 70% of GDP these days What a meaningless statement in this context. "Consumer spending" refers to private sector spending. This is as opposed to, for example, Government spending, which might also fluctuate with changes in monetary policy. What percentage of the GDP is estimated to come from consumer spending has little bearing on the effect changes in inflation rate might have on the economy. You are trying to oversimplify a vastly complex system. If what you are implying (that there is a causal positive relationship between inflation and production) were true, it would be economically advantageous to adopt zimbabwe-style inflation. >...would be devastating to the national economy Please actually read the article you linked. "Speculative lending practices in western states, a sharp decline in cotton prices, a collapsing land bubble, international specie flows, and restrictive lending policies in Great Britain were all to blame." Deflation was a result of this panic, not the cause of it. > is to ignore a good amount of serious academic research Economics is perhaps second only to psychology in the amount of internal inconsistency it experiences as an allegedly somewhat scientific field. >(which has been conducted over nearly a century) Is this supposed to convince me? Half of contemporary economic theory gets thrown out the window every few decades. >Although the point is contested No shit. Equally legitimate disciplines of economics reach completely different conclusions on the matter, which doesn't say much for the legitimacy of overarching economic theory in general. Just as a very basic overview, here's some of what Wikipedia has to say about it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price/wage_spiral http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stagflation >why central banks do everything they possibly can to avoid [deflation]. Right. It can't possibly be because inflation makes it easier for governments to repay debt obligations and increase their cash flow without overtly increasing taxes. I know some projects do deterministic builds using a pre-made VM. There are Bitcoin bots that periodically build the client and check it against official binaries to detect tampering. TPB no longer uses torrent files as their primary distribution mechanism. Torrent files were already small, but now they use magnet links which are basically just a SHA1 hash and a URL for a tracker. The tracker isn't strictly necessary. Here's a fun trick: Make a plaintext file containing "Hello world" (maybe lowercase, maybe either will work). Take its SHA1 hash. Paste that into the Transmission "Open torrent address" dialog (edit: It looks like you can only directly paste hashes into the web dialog. You can still craft a magnet link manually). Give it like 5-10 minutes. Through the magic of DHT, you will soon have a brand new copy of the "Hello World" text in your downloads directory. My solution: lines = [line for line in open("bible.txt")] words = [word for line in lines for word in line.split()] counts = {word:0 for word in words} for word in words: counts[word] += 1 No imports needed. Linear time. A bit inefficient in the dictionary comprehension, but easy to read. The "lines=" and "words=" can be compressed into one line, but I figure this is a bit easier to read for people who aren't familiar with nested list comprehensions. Oh, I like this one. Not quite what OP asked, but very clean. I've read officially no, but Apple frequently gives "official" specs that claim a feature isn't supported when really it is. For example, every macbook pro in the last 5 or 6 years that had replaceable RAM had an actual RAM limit that was double what Apple said was its RAM limit. I wouldn't be surprised if 4K works, albeit perhaps a little sluggishly. Doesn't work with disk encryption enabled or with a firmware password enabled. And before anyone comments without reading the article: No, this is not unique to macs. This particular article is about how to do it to a mac without any security features enabled. Pretty much any machine on default settings is vulnerable to this kind of attack. Of course. However, FDE will thwart this particular local attack. Awesome. I wish he used an open-source circuit design tool, but at the same time, I understand why he didn't. I honestly think that might be one of the biggest impediments to open hardware; open-source circuit design software is not good right now. I try to force myself to use KiCad over EAGLE, but it's such a relative pain in the ass. OS X and iOS heavily leverage the AES-NI instruction set (and whatever the equivalent is on ARM), so performance degradation is minimal. They probably figure it won't necessarily work very well, so people would complain, so they'd rather just short-sell their machines. Honestly, I've always felt that EAGLE was great. They have a severely limited "free" (as in beer) version, and I really prefer that to KiCad. It doesn't help that KiCad is horrendously broken on OS X, so I have to use it in a VM. I still can't justify anything better than my $20 Nokia burner phone. There is literally nothing that has an advantage over it for me. Status and cost mean nothing. I think the smart phone is purely an example of conspicuous consumption, nothing more. This is a very cool idea. I think it may have some critical flaws, but even the fact that people are thinking of stuff like this is so cool. Very singularitarian. Apparently language standards are racist/classist/whatever against everyone except the people who made the standard. Damn those British, oppressing me with spellings like "theatre" and "dialogue". The store owner owns the private keys. The stores themselves only get access to the pubkeys. Or they use a service that holds all the keys for them. Unlike with physical cash, you can easily put any arbitrary amount of physical separation between the place the transaction occurs and the place the money is "stored". So religious conservatives who don't like VR will be the ones to go into space, or whatever you'd like to imagine. Just by sheer probability there should be at least a few individuals who don't end up sticking around the sun. Which isn't really a significant risk if the store owner doesn't hang around. I mean, someone could also hold me at gunpoint and take me to the bank, which isn't a great idea. If I wanted to emulate that, I could put my wallet in a safe deposit box. They could do the same thing if I had USD in the bank. Programming literacy today is like writing literacy 500 years ago. You don't need it for every job. You definitely don't need to be an expert at it for most jobs. It's just nice when a lot of people can do it moderately well. That's clever. It accounts for cultural differences in rating systems. A 3/5 isn't a good rating in any country I've lived. A 5 is good. There isn't really a rating for "exceptionally amazing". But I'm sure somewhere, a 3/5 means "pretty good" and 5/5 is reserved for exceptionally positive reviews. I'm still not a big fan of Yelp (you can buy a good rating), but it's the only popular review app that I know of. Exactly. I don't care if the government knows when I'm home (they can already figure that out), but imagine if Google's database of Nest info got leaked. Burglars could look at the database and say "Oh hey, look, no one's home right now." Databases get leaked publicly all the time. Look at the recent instagram leak. That would be nice. I don't like 3.x because A) I can't unpack tuples in lambda or function arguments and B) the new "encode"/"decode" scheme sucks. They have the right idea, but it's implemented poorly. I miss being able to do .encode('hex') or .decode('hex'), and I think the reasoning against this is weak. There are a lot of other little issues like this that remove a lot of the expressivity I'm used to from 2.7. Those are just the two that bother me the most. Way to make an unfair comparison. Replace a) with - Fulfill an arbitrary number of legal requirements - Sign up for an account at a bank - Transfer money to the bank (by doing a?) - Wait for the check/deposit to go through (hopefully neither you nor the bank fucked something up) - Put it in your debit/credit account (this one step is kinda-easy, I'll grant) The last thing about "Hoping the price holds stable" is irrelevant. The recipient can convert them immediately. A fair comparison is the act of paying with your (funded) credit card versus paying with your (funded) Bitcoin wallet. I can say from experience that the Bitcoin wallet is significantly easier in a lot of cases (and also carries less of a risk of getting skimmed or having a payment database hacked or something). Seems like a sustainable permanent solution... I hadn't thought about black holes as an energy source. Cool idea. But where does the energy actually "come from"? With M/AM interactions, the M/AM is annihilated, which creates harvestable photons. Does the energy given off by a black hole come from the change in entropy from structured matter to unstructured Hawking radiation or something? It seems almost too easy if we can just feed any old matter into a black hole and get energy out... >So a tiny percentage of the virtual particles between the plates become real. Let's say you get a positron/electron emission, and happen to capture the electron. Won't that free positron eventually annihilate a "real" electron, resulting in the same net effect? You still aren't creating anything long-term. >Event horizons "erase" quantum information I was under the impression that this was theorized to not really be the case. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_hole_information_paradox . There are a number of proposed solution that involve the black hole not destroying quantum information. >the reason for is that black holes are physical, localized, manifestations of the end of time What does this statement mean? >So spaceships would have to carry "heavy" black holes to get a decent output and would have to "feed" the black holes to avoid exploding What causes the black holes to explode? By "explode", do you mean they emit hawking radiation so fast that they decay quickly? If not, why are large black holes stable? >So spaceships would have to carry "heavy" black holes to get a decent output Didn't you say the effect was more significant with small ones? Thanks for the explanation. Hopefully you wouldn't mind helping me clear up my confusion. Yes, clearly the only way to teach things to children is with crayons and bright colors. Someone has to buy the Bitcoin and spend it before it can be sold on an exchange. Nothing has changed in that regard; the part of the Bitcoin economy you are referring to is zero-sum. >There are other incentives in life other than money. But there aren't other ways to fund drug research. This is simply not true. Public != traceable. Please read about any of the many methods for securely anonymizing BTC. Coinjoin is a good example. CoInvalidation will probably never be even close to implemented, and the proposed usage of x.509 certs has nothing to do with anonymity or privacy. Except for that the government still can't use torture in most cases. And any technical solution wouldn't? You are severely underestimating the overhead costs of employing someone. Depending on the business, expect 50%-150% additional costs on top of salary. HR, health insurance, benefits, taxes, payroll management, etc. This could easily be manipulated. I'm pretty sure the whole point is that the planet has to be spinning fast enough that the apparent gravity on the inside equator is roughly equal to the actual gravity on the outside of the equator. I always try to interview in Python, because I can bang out complicated ideas quickly with very minimal boilerplate. Writing in Python can be almost like writing in pseudocode. That would be freaking awesome. I would totally pay 1mBTC or something to have a letter sent for me. So the people who made this coin have the ability to mint an arbitrary amount? Seems legit. >You can't send really small amount of Bitcoin, there is a cutoff to stop you "spamming" the network unless you also send a fee. Right, and Dogecoin is very quickly going to run up against the problems associated with a many-gigabyte blockchain. >Functionality in GMS requries server side support. Really? My calendar client, mail client, and launcher require server side support from Google? They could have made google now a plugin. Calendar and email in AOSP suck. I'm ok with not having chargeback rights on these transactions, because it's not like I'm going to do a chargeback on my local burrito place or grocery store or whatever. Also, the article factored in a "Bitcoin discount" for customers, and .375% of revenue is a hell of a lot more that .375% in profit. That's easily 20% of profit for small margin businesses. The article was also very conservative on credit card fees. If a Bitcoin user wants chargeback ability, they can use a third party mediator for a fraction of what credit card companies charge. Yeah, it's super understandable for governments to block international non-profit organizations from getting donations because they don't comply with some random-ass heavy-handed domestic law. Most GPG messages I get are signed, not encrypted, and I usually don't need to check the signature. So the web client is fine, but it's still good to have desktop client access. If your goal is to manipulate people into doing what you want, then yes, you should consider their emotional state above rational argument. If your goal is to pursue the truth and make correct decisions, you must not pay any heed whatsoever to the emotions of the person(s) you're trying to reach a decision with. That is, you can try to be delicate, but you mustn't allow their emotions to prevent the argument from being rational. > plain racism, something that's blatant all over America (some might say, it's what defines America) Have you ever lived in any continental European country? As someone who has spent about half their life in northern and western Europe and the other half in America, I can tell you with 100% confidence that Europeans are, in general, more xenophobic and racist than Americans. >White Supremacy is an oppressive institution that reaches throughout all of society. Unless it is actively fought against, it will prevail. Or, you know, we could just educate people and get rid of racism in a way that doesn't swap one bad thing for another (like racist policies intended to favor non-whites, which I assume you're referring to). Jesus, that article is so full of shit. It's literally a list of misleading headlines. Equivalent: "21 things white people can't do in Germany: Be the nation's leader while having a tootbrush mustache" That's not what's happening in the article at all. They're saying "Black people can't even drink Arizona tea", when in reality it was some guy drinking canned tea and knowingly trespassing so he could get arrested and cash in on the whole "Trayvon Martin had an Arizona tea" thing. >Moving from the UK to the US I was shocked by the pernicious levels of institutionalized racism and the undercurrent of subtle racism. It's everywhere. Would you please provide some examples? We're thinking about naming him Bob w}Wq!m_2Smith. Because clearly everyone deserves to live at whatever arbitrary standards the person complaining about "exploitation" thinks is correct. Nevermind the fact that if they weren't being "exploited" like this, they'd probably be illiterate subsistence farmers. This is why the only two options we have right now are a) volunteer-based carriers and b) market-based carriers. Some in-between probably won't work very well. The fact that buyers can't do chargebacks is a good thing. It matches the real-world model (established sellers who can be assigned a reputation, unestablished buyers who can't) much better than credit cards. For eBay-like situations, m- of-n transactions allow for reversibility. Remember how outraged people were when the iPhone didn't have SD card slot, and how people here on HN used that as a selling point for android? Remember how outraged people were when the iPhone didn't support flash, and how people here on HN used that as a selling point for android? How things change. The author is using the MtGox price. MtGox is one of the smaller exchanges, and due to their incompetence, their trading system was hacked and Bitcoin withdrawals are disabled. As a result, the price of Bitcoin on Mt. Gox is about 1/5th what it is on all other exchanges. The author is using the mtgox price. >So, things were clear: the cybercriminal wants 0.4 Bitcoin, which made about 260 Euros at the time of infection, but only 89 Euros at the time of writing (Once again this shows how unreliable the Bitcoin money is, but that is something else). Sigh. The author is using the MtGox price. Mtgox is one of the smaller Bitcoin exchanges these days. Due to their legendary incompetence, they got hacked a while back and disabled Bitcoin withdrawals. As a result, their "Bitcoin" trading price fluctuated from 1/2 to 1/6th that of other exchanges. The current market value of Bitcoin on all other exchanges is actually 400+ euros right now. Google, Apple etc. make sweet products and contribute a lot of FOSS tech back to the community. I'm not a fan of MS products, and they contribute back very little. His criticism is unsurprising; he's a modern luddite. He thinks the tech he grew up with (and maybe a bit more advanced) is A-OK, but anything else is eeevil. >My BTC are in CoinBase Why? There is basically no discernible benefit to keeping your money in an exchange, but there are huge risks associated. That's a removable artificial limit, not a hard one. By tweaking some settings, the network could easily be scaled to many times that. If it ever became an issue (read: the network started to consistently max out the TPS limit), the ceiling would be lifted. If that wasn't sufficient, effort would be put into making the network more efficient. If that wasn't enough, more creative solutions would come into play (offline transaction systems, systems built to manage BTC outside of the blockchain [see CoinKite], etc). >The outrageous swings of bitcoin hour by hour have the same issue. Bitcoin loses, at worst, maybe 50% of its value over the course of a few weeks. The Zimbabwe dollar lost 99.99% of its value over the course of a few weeks. Of course, on larger time scales, the volatility of Bitcoin has been in a distinctly upward direction. So yeah, I guess Bitcoin has kind of the opposite problem of the Zimbabwe Dollar (if you can call it a problem). And then, of course, Bitcoin will probably stabilize over time. New currencies are not historically stable. >I don't think bit coin is relevant though. For automated contract enforcement any payment API will work. Wether it's bit coin, or paypal in Estonian Kroon, the important part is automation. Maybe you're not seeing the really important part of this; these contracts are cryptographically guaranteed . Any contract managed by Paypal is subject to human error, hacking, government interference, etc. It's not just automation; it's deterministic, mathematical, perfect automation. >It slows down positive growth and perpetuates the “white savior” complex that, for hundreds of years, has haunted both the countries we are trying to ‘save’ and our (more recently) own psyches. Why does this have anything to do with race? Is it any different for a black person with no useful skills to go on one of these voluntourism trips? Then why does the author end the article by talking about the "white savior" complex, and why is the article titled "The problem with little white girls"? "If we don't ban deflationary assets, people won't be forced to use our shitty inflationary assets!" My iPhone gives me a loud, blaring notification whenever my keybag gets changed, so it wouldn't necessarily be easy to modify my keybag without me knowing, unless they already have code in place with that specifically in mind. Why should a currency provide those things? Institutions using the currency can always provide those services better than the currency itself. "Why would anyone trust gold when it has no consumer protection whatsoever and provided zero recourse for when things inevitably go wrong?" Recently, a number of my non-computer-y friends have asked me how to start using bitcoins. To my surprise, they had no trouble doing everything properly. I told them to use electrum, and they managed to A)encrypt the wallet and B) back up the seed with no help from me. I helped them back up their wallets online, and also buy bitcoins via localbitcoin. I'm confident they would have figured those out on their own eventually. Of course, these folks are mostly using OS X or linux and are relatively competent, so I'm not worried too much about malware. If they were using windows I wouldn't be as confident. This sounds like a parenting problem, not a legal problem. At least this system gives you the option of security. At worst, it's just as good as the current DNS system. If you have a full desktop PC, you can run a full namecoin client and get a DNS that it's non-trivial for the NSA to compromise. Just because one group is marginalized in some way doesn't make it OK to intentionally marginalize another group in what can only be called retaliation. I personally subscribe to the ethos of "two wrongs don't make a right". >it's 90% MBAs and Recruiters and no talent. Probably because having talent in the tech industry makes it relatively very easy to get hired. These sites are trying to solve a mostly non-existent problem. It's not really that alarming. It has some deflationary effects (which Bitcoin was designed with anyway). Worst case, let's say all Bitcoins except .00000001 (1 Satoshi) have been destroyed. Well, no problem, we just make the base unit .00000000000000000001 Bitcoin or something. As far as I know, the only reason 21,000,000*100,000,000 units was chosen was to fit comfortably in the 52-bit mantissa of a 64-bit IEEE 754 floating point number. Edit: Apparently I just made that up... But it makes sense! Edit 2: Apparently some other devs believe this is the case as well. The idea would have been to allow BTC software to be written in languages that only have float support (like JS). The Bitcoin code itself actually frequently uses decimal64 as well as uint64_t. >they regulate penny stocks, and those things are only worth a few pennies You understand that the value of something is not tied to the value of its base unit, right? If you want to be pedantic, the value of a base unit of Bitcoin is about $.000006. >Money and self-regulation is never a good mix and it has not even been 10 years since the last time we have all suffered the result. Unless you have unyielding cryptographic primitives to help. I'm at the Austin Bitcoin conference right now listening to a talk about Open Transactions and cryptographic exchange auditing. It sounds like exchange theft is pretty much a solved problem. Using crypto, we now have ways to make theft or coin loss pretty much a problem of the past, because we can make operating a fractional reserve exchange impossible and make stealing coins very, very hard. It seems like cryptographic regulation is drastically more effective than government regulation. All sources I've read seemed to indicate that white people only need a few minutes a day of direct sun exposure to the entire body to get sufficient vitamin D. How long does it take you to burn? >What bothers me aren't so much the adults on the flight. Why? The first years of life aren't disproportionately more valuable than the last. >especially the ones from the US. Does that really imply that they've lived "more" than everyone else on the aircraft? Does anyone know for what reason(s) campaigns are limited to these countries? Wow. Very nice! This is exactly what namecoin needs to see widespread usage. It really is a very useful system. Thank you for using uB as the default unit! The fact that Bitcoin is "so expensive" is a huge psychological barrier for people who don't understand that it's divisible. It worked fine with drugs while the Silk Road was running. No reason it couldn't work with medicine as well. >In the United States, we fought an entire war over the question of whether or not a state had the authority to secede from the federal government (the Union). The seceding states lost that fight. So wars decide what is right and what is wrong? Modern lightweight cars are significantly safer than old, heavy cars. Thick steel is good for protecting you from explosions, not collisions. >If this fisher price thing is loaded, pointed at someone, and you pull the trigger will it hurt or possibly even kill that someone? Yeah, and a Raspberry Pi is a perfectly good computer. I just choose to use a laptop instead because sometimes a bit more oomph is practical. I've run into the problem of web services not letting me store passwords. The reality is, if you let my password manager (safari jacks into OS X's keychain system) keep track of things, I'm going to use the random 12-digit alphanumeric password my password manager provides me. If you don't, I'm either going to use my shitty "brain" password or put it in my password manager anyway and just copy-paste it manually. Thankfully, safari on both iOS and OS X has a toggle to ignore autocomplete=off, which I take advantage of liberally. I hope that emerging manufacturing technologies will allow what has happened to software over the last 25 years to happen to hardware over the next 25 years. It is possible to run a completely open software stack, and very easy to run an almost-completely open software stack. My hope is that open-source hardware (both electronic and mechanical) will be abundant enough in the future that I could feasibly fabricate a new ECU from scratch, or 3D print a new evaporator for my AC. A random 12-digit alphanumeric is log((26+26+10)^12)/log(2) = 71.45 bits of entropy. Plenty for a web form. >Go lacks because of its lack of templates/generics This is one of my big frustrations with Go. I see lots of ugly `interface` based patterns. I wish more languages would adopt Haskell's typing system (at least partially). It is truly beautiful. >They appear to use 3 different compilers for this reason (Ada) I understand why Ada is used for safety-critical applications, but I have to wonder: Does the fact that Ada is a relatively old and unfriendly language lead to more bugs than it prevents? My mind would probably go blank if I had to stare at Ada code for 8 hours a day. What if we used Haskell for all non-realtime safety-critical functionality in aircraft? With a few extra rules to prevent stack overflows, I think I'd trust a million-line Haskell program over a million-line Ada program (although it would probably be more like ten-thousand-line Haskell program vs million-line Ada program). >Ada is proven in this area and generates fast, efficient code that is suitable for embedded systems. So does coding in assembly. The idea is to create fast, efficient code that is also simple and easy to understand. >I would most certainly not trust Haskell over Ada in embedded system work. If the system does not have hard realtime requirements and has a decent resources, why wouldn't you trust Haskell? >What's so great about Haskell? The type system. When I write Haskell programs, I create orders of magnitude fewer bugs than I do when writing programs in other PLs. The language makes it very hard to screw up implementing an idea. Haskell forces me to implement things in ways that are both elegant and easy to comprehend. Haskell does not easily admit spaghetti code. There are many safety-critical systems that aren't hard realtime. Radio transponders, human interface systems, life support systems. In fact, I'd say a great way to do it would be to implement all the hard realtime bits in some low-level, pain-in-the-ass language like Ada and then wrap all that unpleasant stuff in a high-level language that is very unfriendly to implementation bugs (like Haskell). >Motors and antennas don't magically communicate with your userland "apps," they're controlled by precisely timed code. Motors and antennas are usually managed by hardware or dedicated uCs, not PFC software. Aircraft aren't running their telemetry off GnuRadio, and aircraft PFCs sure as hell aren't worrying about servo timing. "Human interface systems" I thought would be self explanatory; pilots don't care if their plane UIs take 5us or 5ms to update. They can't react on those time scales anyway. Hell, you could probably code all the user-facing avionics stuff in Javascript and be fine. I'm immediately extraordinarily skeptical about anything that suggests solving a cultural problem by changing language. That's like trying to solve a math problem by changing the value of pi. Is this supposed to be an explanation of the value of Bitcoin, or am I to take this at face value? Oops! I totally underestimated the amount of traffic I might get from HN... should be working now! For me, it was the increasing accessibility and decreasing cost of custom made PCBs. Have you seen the minuum keyboard? It looks really nice for very small screens. I think it would be amazing if there was a constitutional amendment forcing all government information to be disclosed within an extremely short period. Someone sues the NYPD, the amendment gets incorporated, bada bing, bada boom, government transparency. Source here: https://github.com/wyager/micromechboard >Does the fact that the keys aren't staggered make it significantly better or worse to type on? Depends who you ask! Personally, I think it's a bit more comfortable to type on than a staggered layout. Some people love the matrix layout. Some people are rather put off by it. I just put some little rubber feet on the bottom of the PCB and called it a day. It's small, cheap, and cool looking. On the back side of the circuit board, there are 6 thermally isolated solder pads. I put them there so that I could potentially solder nuts to each of the pads, and then bolt the PCB to a case. >OOP in keyboard firmware? I could do it with FP if someone made a Haskell to AVR compiler :) >Am I the only one who finds this quite a lot more complex than it needs to be? What functionality would you propose stripping? >The obvious solution for this is to synchronise the I2C clock to the matrix scanning loop, so you receive/send one bit each time through the loop. That's the wrong solution. The main loop takes some milliseconds. Communication at that rate would be intolerably slow. And how is that any better than natively clocked I2C? I'd have to re-implement the entire protocol in software to get that kind of control. >do away with the I2C overhead completely and use a continuous serial protocol between the two halves. What overhead? Any overhead introduced by I2C is very minimal. What benefit would a "continuous" (do you mean asynchronous?) serial protocol have? There are also a number of downsides: 1. It wouldn't work well with the symmetric halves design. The cable would have to switch the TX and RX lines, and no common cable does that. 2. It wouldn't support more than two keyboards at once, unless I implemented a shared-line serial protocol from scratch, and then why not just use I2C? And using an asynchronous serial protocol doesn't solve the board synchronization problem. The new version of the board also breaks out the UART header for people who want to do exactly this, but the UART is not a better solution. >The complexity here is not in the functionality. It's in the design and implementation. I'd love to hear some proposals for simplifying the implementation. >What makes it require >16,000 instructions every time through the loop? Mostly USB library stuff, I think. Been a while since I profiled it. >I do mean a continuous one... Can you further explain this paragraph? I don't know what you mean by "unused positions in the key matrix". >You can do the crossover configuration entirely in software Like I said: I'd have no implement the protocol from scratch, in software. The hardware UART does not support this functionality. >How would you do this with the current design? You can splice a TRRS cable or buy a TRRS splitter. The new version of the board actually has a dual-jack USB-A connector to make daisy-chaining even easier. Again, not sure what you mean by "unused key position in the matrix". >Because I2C was defined with different assumptions in mind. Which were? > Oh and they really don't fuck up the kernel every 2 minutes like on Ubuntu and don't throw out buggy shit like Apple do. It seems my experience with computers has been radically different from yours. The only kernel I've ever had problems with is the NT kernel, and one of the reasons I stick with Apple portables is that they're generally the least buggy devices I can find. Rust or Go would be pretty straightforward replacements for C++. Mozilla is actively using Rust to make Servo. I think both Rust and Go are less conducive to bugs than C++. There are other languages that could be used to write very secure browsers, but using them wouldn't necessarily be straightforward. They're relatively straightforward procedural object-oriented languages. They're not amazing. They won't make you say "Wow, that's awesome!" when you use them. They do have a few practical advantages over C++. For one, they don't allow dangerous things like pointer manipulation. They both support garbage collection. Go has some nice built-in support for multithreading. Both have some nice iteration features. Useful syntactic sugar. Stuff like that. Where C++ is basically just C with random features shoddily spot-welded on in different places, Go and Rust were designed from the ground up to be relatively very simple and straightforward. Like I said, they're not amazing; they're just better than C++. Homebrew always builds from source. I have different machines running different linux distros, so I'm familiar with all the popular package managers (apt-get, yum, pacman), and I must say, Homebrew is really my favorite. I played around with the original a bit, and I couldn't find this anywhere; does Popcorn Time support/allow me to require encrypting my torrent traffic? >> We know we have to take action and have begun a full investigation... >Pretty much a full admission that everything that Julie said is true. Lynch! Lynch! Lynch! >The one thing that stands out is that many of the classes only have one instance created, To maintain proper levels of abstraction. >Returning structures from functions requires a copy, Which is extremely fast, simple, side-effect-free, and likely optimized away by RVO. >The actual matrix-scan loop in HardwareController could also be simplified greatly; Nothing you described would actually be an optimization. Turning off all the rows/columns takes 1 cycle. >Getting the button number shouldn't require a multiplication Nit-picking. This is fast and easy to read. I'm not going to worry about the few nanoseconds required for a multiplication. That's also not an issue of "simplification"; it's just premature optimization. >but USB shouldn't be that much more complex PJRC wrote that library. Not sure what they do. >There can be row/column combinations which don't have keyswitches at their intersection, but are scanned anyway. You can connect other units so that they act like keyswitches when they send information. Why would I do that? Part of the design is that each individual board is responsible for translating button presses to USB keycode deltas. This allows for better distribution of responsibility, and also the boards can be connected in any configuration/order and maintain the same behavior. >Transfers that occur in small bursts instead of one continuous serial stream. What's the downside to this? The bursts occur way faster than human perception could hope to notice. Besides, if you want to be pedantic, any serial protocol communicates in "bursts". I feel like that has a very limited scope of usefulness. Datacenter machines are on 99.9% of the time, and generally speaking, thieves don't go through the trouble of stealing hard drives from datacenters. >Bitcoin solves a problem which is not actually a problem in real world. Well, it solves more than one problem, and a few of them are certainly real-world. >However using it as a currency in this kind of implementation with complete disregard to anything else doesn't work in the long term. Would you care to expand on what you mean by "complete disregard to anything else"? I mean, clearly this is hyperbole, but I'm curious what you are referencing specifically. I don't know if I agree with this. The author might be incorrectly projecting his feelings onto other people. There are a fair number of people in the world who know exactly what they're doing. >"Nobody knows what they're doing". How can you possibly make this assertion? I have a direct counterexample; I know what I'm doing. There's a lot of stuff I don't know, but I would not describe my state of being as "not knowing what I'm doing". >everyone to a degree doesn't know what they're doing This is very different from "Nobody knows what they're doing". Just because no one has a perfectly clear idea of everything doesn't mean they don't know what they're doing. >This falls under the "shit you know you don't know" category. Then so does the statement "Nobody knows what they're doing.". The author has no idea what people know or don't know. What chain-splitting bug did btcd have? >This is why there is regulation of the finance sector This is why there are bailouts of the finance sector. A bank loses this kind of money, they get it back for free. Why not just fund the best startups regardless of whom their founder is? >Re-read the bit on "greedy in the good kind of way." Yeah, that bit was clearly bullshit. The assertion is "Some percent of good startups are run by women" => "we want more startups run by women [to increase the number of good startups, because we will earn more]" This line of reasoning is clearly ridiculous. Only if A) startups run by women had a higher chance of success and B) the VCs had no better way of judging startup merit than looking at probabilities tied to the gender of the founder would it make sense to explicitly recruit more women for the sake of increasing profits. It is immediately clear that the only way to get more good startups is to A) recruit more people in general (not just people of some biological characteristic) and/or B) have better selection metrics. Deleting comments that disagree with the YC mods' opinions on gender-targeted recruitment? That is a fair line of reasoning, but it's not what I got from the article at all. What I got from the article is "How can we incentivize people who otherwise wouldn't found startups to found startups?", which is distinctly different from lowering barrier to entry. >I bet half the audience sees this as an indictment of tuition increases, and the the other half sees this as an indictment of the lack of minimum wage increases. There's a group who sees this as an indictment of the excessive student loans propping up the college bubble. CS student at a state school here. Top internships can expect to make $20K gross, $14-15K after taxes and expenses. Most internships are closer to $12K gross, maybe $8-9K after taxes and expenses (the higher paying internships tend to be in more expensive areas). There are a few oddities that pay more, and for longer periods, but these are what you can expect in general. Housing+tuition is around $18K for in-state students. If you wanted to pay off your entire annual dues without taking out a single loan or getting support from family, you would probably have to work part-time for at least one semester, possibly two. Of course, there are a fair number of students who pay for school by being self-employed; a number of my classmates make sufficient advertising or sales revenue to cover the entire annual cost of college. I imagine that psychologically, the difference between solitary meditation and solitary confinement is like the difference between sex and rape, or taking drugs and being drugged. They're procedurally similar acts, but the element of choice changes everything. >They are nothing special at all and can be completely managed, and secured, on your own local systems. Yes, but somehow people manage to keep screwing it up in spectacular ways. It's still stupid. Mobile devices are orders of magnitudes worse than PCs at the integer arithmetic required for cryptocurrency mining. >But you have orders of magnitude more of them. Not according to this: http://www.technologyreview.com/sites/default/files/images/M... > the most important thing, chargebacks. Chargebacks are awful. 99% of the time, the merchant is a trusted party with a reputation to uphold, and the customer is a nobody who either couldn't care less about or couldn't be held to their reputation. Established companies won't go around overtly scamming people. The only time that chargebacks are really a good thing is with the very uncommon untrusted-merchant sale (like a new seller on Ebay with little/no feedback). >The main problem is that it is deflationary This is not a critical problem (or even a problem at all, depending on whom you ask). This has been argued again and again, and what is always comes down to is that, according to the Keynesians, an inflationary currency is preferable for encouraging economic growth, but the reality is that A) economics is not hard science and B) as long as the inflation/deflation rate isn't extreme, both inflationary and deflationary goods make fine exchange mechanisms. >supply of the coins need to gradually increase to support the flow of spending. Why? If adoption increases, the value goes up, and people spend fewer bitcoins for the same thing. Bitcoin is especially good at this because it has a lot of base units. >They will sell their BT for currency rather buy depreciating goods with them. This is incorrect. You're arguing the extreme of the effects of deflation. People will buy goods with deflationary assets, because sometimes the expected value of owning a good is higher than the expected value of keeping an equivalent value of the deflationary asset. The equivalent (and equally incorrect) ad extremum argument against inflation is "With inflationary currencies, no one will bother working, because they know the payoff of their labor will be worth less by the time they get it." I've seen a lot of people using "mutated". There is not a good verbification of "malleable". I recently came across this effort to map human faces to avatar faces: https://www.facerig.com >large learning rate at the beginning and smaller and smaller learning rate as you go, eventually reaching zero. It would make sense for brain to use similar strategy. Maybe if we were still cavemen living in a technologically stagnant world. The world is changing extremely fast. Humanity needs neuroplasticity boosters to keep up. >This concept seems somewhat familiar, you might even consider it a crypto currency's Central Bank. Not necessary. There simply need to be enough people supporting the currency at launch. IMHO, it's not really a good language for mobile development. It is great for the task it was designed for; web services and infrastructure. I can't think of any other area I would choose to use Go. > but realize it's just because go hasn't been widely used in GUI development There are a lot more reasons than that. For one, Go has awful support for any kind of generic programming. The closest thing Go has to proper generic support is the interface{} type, which is awful. It's basically the same type safety as a 100% dynamically typed language (i.e. almost none), but with a much uglier syntax. A related issue is that Go isn't very extensible. For example, Go's iteration features only work on builtin types. You can't iterate over trees, graphs, sets, or any other non-builtin type. For me, the only good things that Go offers are decent threading primitives and good standard library support. Nothing else excels, and some things are downright bad. >What do generics or loop syntax sugar have to do with GUI development? Nothing. Someone said something along the lines of "Go is only bad for mobile because it has bad GUI support." I disagreed. Mobile development is more than just GUI development. If the only thing I cared about when writing a mobile app was GUI support, I could write mobile apps in HyperCard. >Where does Go fall short as a language for mobile? Go falls short as a language for mobile in the same ways it falls short as a language for most things. It's simply not a very well-designed language. Let me give you a few examples: Terrible support for generic programming. Read almost any production go code and you see many instances of the interface{} type. This is basically equivalent to up-casting to Object in java, or passing things around as null* in C++. In many cases, that's the best you can do. All the type-safety of Python with five times the verbosity. Many features are built-in, non-extensible language directives. Take the `range` operator. `range` only supports built-in types like maps, slices, and chans. You want to range over a tree? Too bad. Want to range over a graph? Too bad. Want to range over a queue or a linked list? Hmm, well too bad, or maybe wrap the queue or LL with a chan, write a helper function, range over that, and watch your performance go to shit. Go was built with one purpose in mind; building web services. It's good at that. But really, the only things Go has going for it are decent threading primitives and a solid standard library. So the answer is this: Go is not a bad language, but it is certainly no better than existing languages for writing mobile applications. Go offers nothing that would make me, if I were a mobile app developer, want to switch from Java or Objective-C. In fact, it's missing a lot of things that I might consider important. What's wrong with pinentry? It seems to work OK on my mac. I think it's incredibly important that we get a new FOSS EDA tool with a focus on modularity and usability. I have a really hard time using KiCad because it's so clunky compared to Eagle. The UI for Eagle is better, and the design flow is much easier (for me). My dream EDA tool is a highly extensible, scriptable, and modular core performing stuff like routing, impedance matching, DRC, etc. and then have that wrapped by a nice Eagle-like UI. > Also, casting function calls to (void) is nonsensical. Does extremely pedantic C require the results of function calls to be used? I know the correct way to mark a variable as unused is to cast it to void, but I'm not sure if you're supposed to do that for function return values as well. >I'm thinking C++11 and Qt with python as the scripting language I was thinking it would be cool to do it in pure python, or if that ended up not being fast enough, something like Rust/Python. If we're doing an entirely new codebase, might as well do it right from the start! Why? Honestly, I can't think of any good reason to use Windows in an embedded device of any kind. Have them use an Arduino or something with a nice older-person-friendly IDE and run a serial line to their windows box or something. >And PocketPC could do almost everything an iPhone could do about... 5-6 years before the iPhone came out. I had a top-of-the-line PocketPC phone for three years. Saying a PocketPC could do almost everything an iPhone could do is like saying that a nail file could do almost everything a Haas CNC machine could do. So you're saying it's ok to give "perks" based on gender, but not to detract based on gender? Those seem like different ways of saying the same thing. Discriminating in favor of one group is more or less isometric to discriminating against the other group. A code camp that was boys-only would get torn apart on hacker news, even though it follows your definition of a "set of perks for some people". >It's a common misconception that prices are even remotely related to costs. They're not related to production costs; they're related to the cost of researching drugs in the future. That is, prices determine what pharma companies will be able to do later on. Not saying I agree with that, but that's how it is. It's very fast, and if it's not fast enough, one can build an optimized data structure in another program. Automation doesn't "kill jobs" at all. I'm tired of news articles that try to pass of "jobs" as some sort of discrete, easily quantifiable units. "Over a million jobs are being shipped to china", "12,000 jobs created", etc. That's not how labor works. Or at least, it's a useless and misleading way of thinking about labor. Sometimes automation makes a certain type of labor irrelevant. Those laborers need to find a new job (which possibly involves retooling) or starve (or, today, live off some sort of welfare or charitable income). We are not even close to simply having no labor left that needs doing by humans. That's the only way you can really "kill" jobs; replace all human labor altogether. Otherwise, humans will just move to whatever they're still good at. Because of automation, the world will always be able to support those new jobs. The market will force this to be the case. >Perhaps, but [automation] certainly reduces the relative value of labor vs. capital. Automation does four things: 1. Drastically decrease the value of labor in the now-automated field. 2. Slightly decrease the value of all labor (by increasing the supply of free labor). 3. Slightly decrease the costs of all products (via #2). 4. Drastically decrease the costs of products which are now produces automatically (via #1). These things all work out to be positive-sum for humanity. If this wasn't the case, it wouldn't make any economic sense for businesses to automate in the first place. Perhaps you should extend your analysis a little further. What do you think happens when the supply of workers increases, and wages drop? => Production prices drop => The results of this are split between: 1. The rich make more money, and buy more stuff, draining the supply of labor and increasing wages 2. Things become cheaper, which counteracts the wage drop. This is not rocket science. Before you just had people making things, and now you have machines and the same people making things. There are more things being made. This is, on balance, positive. >technology creates less jobs than it destroys. What a blisteringly stupid sentiment. If this were true, there would have been an obvious monotonic decrease in employment since humans started inventing things. >The problem is that the jobs that are left for those without a tech degree of some sort aren't appreciated by the market So then people in the future get a tech degree, and humanity will be better off, because instead of a million people with a tech degree and 999 million farming, we now have 0 people wasting their precious mind on farming and a billion solving hard problems. Like I said, people will be forced to retool. That is a good thing. >You used to be able to retool fairly easily. That is just not the case anymore. You know, I've never actually seen any evidence of this. People say it a lot, but it's not reflected in the numbers. However, if it is true, it's simply the case that there will be a slight permanent increase in the number of people who are unemployed. >Technology today is not the same as technology 50 or 70 years ago. You're kidding, right? The industrial revolution "unemployed" orders of magnitudes more people than current technological changes. >The situation we have today is increasingly that you either need a STEM degree God forbid that the only jobs open to humans require mental exertion, right? I sure do love the fact that a huge fraction of the minds on earth are spending eight hours a day doing the really important things, like putting more Duck Dynasty t-shirts in aisle 12. It looks like the module plus the I/O board costs $30 in large quantities. So aren't you really getting pretty much the same deal? I'm sure the modules alone will be cheaper. >The quick red fox jumps over the lazy brown dog It's hilarious how violently negative people's response to this suggestion was. > even 100,000 might not be enough to construct advanced tech. I think that's way too large of an estimate. As long as we could continue to access records of how we did things, and the planet had sufficient relevant resources, I bet we could bootstrap ourselves from having only primitive mechanical tools to today's tech in a few generations. Again, that's assuming the planet is relatively hospitable and has the correct resources available. >Highly advanced technology won't help much if the population doesn't procreate fast enough. Japan is profoundly high-tech because they have a declining population. They desperately need to boost the productivity per individual. Advanced technology is the only thing keeping Japan afloat. Speaking of proofs, how about we write security critical code in haskell? You need a very simple runtime, but beyond that it would work pretty much wherever. Most memory-related bugs are automatically eliminated, and security proofs are easier. >How bad are timing/side-channel attacks, really? Bad. They are not something to blow off. They may seem "out there", but they are actually leveraged somewhat frequently. They are particularly dangerous in certain shared-hardware environments (e.g. VPS services like DigitalOceal, AWS, etc), and against physical devices that are supposed to resist data extraction (like smart cards). >Go is probably better at this. Why? Go doesn't really offer a whole lot in terms of security, except for better managed memory. I'm not even sure you could reliably eliminate side channel attacks in Go. >What makes it better? Better than C, that is. Haskell is on a whole 'nother level of "what are memory bugs?" Probably just to make it easier to understand what's going on. If they just had "20+..." it wouldn't give you any hints where the 20 came from. This may be an unpopular opinion, but I hope Go is relegated to web services programming. It's really not a good language for much else. The lack of generic support is really terrible. What you have to do instead (cast things to {}interface) is like casting things to Object and then hoping they have the right methods in Java. For everything else, I think Rust is miles better than Go. It stole a ton of useful features from Haskell/ML and did a great job of putting them together. I actually want to use Rust instead of C++, whereas the only reason I ever really want to use Go is that its decent threading primitives and good standard library make for simpler web apps. How is go easier to reason about than competing languages? >For one thing, it's just a simpler language. In what way? It's not a very featureful language, but that doesn't necessarily mean that using it is simpler. It's certainly not simple to set up! Most languages, I can put my projects wherever I want. It took me a while to find out that I had to put my projects in my Gopath for them to properly compile with third party libraries. There are lots of weird restrictions like that. >Everything is just pass by value. Not entirely true. Goroutine capture is by reference, which is why a lot of new people have trouble with goroutines in for loops. >There's no operator overloading, macros, or monkey patching, so you don't have to know about the entire state of the universe to know what one little function will do. True, those things are gone, but the things that cause confusion most of the time are still very much present. Go, like most imperative languages, can suffer from global variable overload. Lots of Go code is also so badly typed that it's impossible to tell what things are supposed to be. I can't tell you how many times I've seen `x := poorlyNamedFunctionWTFIsThis()` or `foo(x {}interface){... x.bar()}` >There's no exceptions There are `panic()`s. > There's multiple returns, so you almost never have null pointer exceptions Rust also has multiple return (because Rust returns via hidden out-param), so I wouldn't really say this makes Go particularly competitive. Rust also doesn't even have null pointers at all, at least in `safe` code blocks. Rust uses `Option` instead. (Like I said, lots of good features from Haskell/ML.) >channels and goroutines make modern multithreaded code very easy to reason about I agree, Go does this well, but let's be fair; a lot of modern languages have primitives like this. >Rust does have multiple returns, but that's just the obvious result of supporting tuples in the language (to say nothing of tagged unions). Yes, but it's (from a user standpoint) practically the same thing! >The hidden out-param you speak of is just there to guarantee return-value optimization Yes, which allows for the efficient return of arbitrary-sized structs, i.e. multiple return. > the US DARPA has a major program to develop tiny cryptographic chips that can be embedded inside chip packages Seems legit. http://www-rohan.sdsu.edu/faculty/vinge/hotchips/security.ht... > It's a highly unstable particle made of 4 quarks, kind of like a meson (which is a quark/antiquark pair). I thought the new particles were cool because they don't follow the color charge analogy, whereas mesons do follow the analogy? >it was actually a bit worse than Python 2 when it was out It still has a few things that really suck! The thing that bothers me the most is the removal of in-argument tuple unpacking. For example, in python 2.x you could write: dist = lambda (x1,y1),(x2,y2) : math.sqrt((x1-x2) 2 + (y1-y2) 2) Whereas in python 3.x you must write dist = lambda p1,p2 : math.sqrt((p1[0]-p2[0]) 2 + (p1[1]-p2[1]) 2) Which is just awful to read. It gets much worse when you're trying to program in a functional style and you are using triples or quadruples. Imagine using "x[1], x[2], x[3], x[4]" instead of something like "length, width, height, color". PEP 3113 attempts to rationalize this change, but it's kind of an awful PEP. It claims "no loss of abilities removed", which is clearly false, and the proposed benefits are highly specious. The entire tuple-unpacking system could just be reduced to the insertion of an unpack instruction at the start of the function. That would actually make a lot of sense with Python's policy of "ask forgiveness rather than permission", since trying this with the wrong tuple length would throw a ValueError explaining what went wrong. I also miss (but it's not really an important language feature like in-argument tuple unpacking) the ability to do encoding directly on strings. For example, "hello".encode('hex') or "aGVsbG8=".decode('base64') That was much more convenient than having to import some library and use library methods. What are the reasons for the government not to switch to linux? I'm not trying to be snarky; it really seems like there are a huge number of benefits and very few downsides. I understand that the government has a contract with MS, but it seems like it might actually be costing the government more to take advantage of the contract. >Not everyone has the will... to do such a thing. This may just be crotchety old man talk, but sometimes I wonder if the extremely protective child-rearing (particularly in schools) that seems to be abundant today will make future adults particularly susceptible to this kind of bullying. If you never have to deal with this kind of social stress as a child, how can you possibly deal with it as an adult? Perhaps getting bossed around on the playground is a good way to train the mind to appropriately deal with intimidation from employers, salesmen, etc. > It is absolutely absurd that a company feels entitled to my personal work because of "maybe." I agree. So don't work there. >Being humiliated and beaten as a child with no control over the situation is not "training" for anything. It's abundantly clear that you did not experience that and have no idea what it is like for a child. Let's hope as a crotchety old man that nobody ever decides to show you what it's like when you're stuck in a nursing home where no one believes or cares to help you because of some stupid reason like that it should toughen you up. Perhaps you should not make such unfounded assumptions. It would also behoove you to refrain from such overt ad hominem argument. Do you think I was never a child? I speak from experience, not conjecture. I can't say the same for your vitriolic response. As a child, I went through many situations that were very stressful for me at the time, but ultimately helped to construct a number of helpful psychological responses to aggression. Those responses are very useful in the real world. Contrary to what teachers may have you believe, bullying does not end in school. It simply becomes more subtle. Agreed. I can see how that could be even more damaging to the development of healthy psychological defense mechanisms than a lack of aggression from peers. No, I agree with you that economic factors are generally more important. I just thought the "will" part was more interesting to talk about. If they can be compelled to decrypt your data, their encryption system is probably worthless. > my sources (taxi driver blogs) So you trust the taxi drivers to tell you if their industry is "competitive enough"? Brb, I have to go ask comcast if the cable industry is competitive enough. There is no such thing as too much competition. Increased competition always has a net positive effect. Comcast and the taxi industry may suffer, but society will benefit. God forbid we have transportation services not beholden to arbitrary regulations built in favor of the existing taxi industry. People use Über because it's better than any regulated taxi service. That is direct, incontrovertible proof that the existing taxi regulations are hurting innovation. Perhaps a form of the fallacy of composition? P(X) = "X exists due to the government" S = "Scientific developments" Fallacious statement: ∃x ∈ S (P(x)) ⇒ ∀x ∈ S (P(x)) Let's please write the replacement in a language that has some built-in safety guarantees, and ideally some features supporting correctness proofs. Haskell comes to mind. If we want to avoid a runtime, let's go for a language like Rust, which also has strong safety guarantees and lots of Haskell/ML-inspired features that help improve both safety and readability (advanced pattern matching, Options, immutability guarantees, etc.) Both of these languages are sufficiently fast to develop high-performance crypto frameworks, and both have good FFIs for calling optimized C code if necessary. > you don't get to break the law because you disagree with it. So I guess MLK should have just accepted the current state of affairs, and Anne Frank should have just turned herself in? The law is not some ultimate moral authority. >these regulations are arbitrary and exist only to benefit existing taxi companies (which, of course, disagrees with your former claim...), "Arbitrary" doesn't just mean "random". It also means "based on whim". There is no contradiction. That sounds pretty arbitrary to me. What is "a standard of vehicle"? Who defines that? What if I don't mind riding around in a shitty car if I have to pay less? Über also avoids the need for regulation of vehicle quality by having a rating system. There are better, more efficient ways to solve problems like this than by legislating against them. >Comparing the civil rights movement to taxi regulations is ridiculous. In the context of this argument, they're logically isomorphic. The fact that the civil rights movement has more emotional significance is irrelevant. You said "you don't get to break the law because you disagree with it". That's clearly bullshit if you believe that what MLK or any other law-breaking activist did was right. >It means: "based on random choice or personal whim , rather than any reason or system." If there is a reason it is not arbitrary. Emphasis mine. Your definition matched what I said exactly. >or a central ledger Yeah, a central ledger works great if you want none of the benefits that Bitcoin offers. >Essentially, anything which is inherently centralized has no business being on a blockchain. This is really anything backed by a physical asset Bitcoin has proven that decentralized assets have huge advantage. Your starting assumption is wrong; wealth is not inherently centralized, and assets are not inherently centralized. >IBM shares are essentially centrally controlled by IBM. Why does that mean we have to trade IBM shares with a centralized system? There are huge advantages to having decentralized trading systems. >If an asset is backed by a vault of gold bars, it is inherently centralised because the gold is in a central location and has counterparty risk as well as being prone to confiscation. That's true. But gold is a physical asset; shares in a company are not. There is no technical challenge to distributing abstract assets (like shares) over a decentralized system, and there are many advantages to doing so. >Shares are not cash, IBM has to know who to send dividends to. So they can send the dividends to the addresses that own shares. In fact, that should be even cheaper than using a bank or any other middleman-requiring system. Another advantage of decentralization. I'm honestly kind of surprised how little action there has been to assist with a migration away from the CA model. The technology is there, but people just don't seem interested enough to leverage it. Systems like Namecoin could serve this purpose marvelously. Powerful devices have direct access to the entire cryptographically authenticated DNS and certificate database. Weak devices can specify whom they trust to provide them with DNS/certificate data, and even those devices get some cryptographic security guarantees thanks to technologies like SPV. >The migration away from the CA model is called "certificate pinning". TOFU/POP is not an effective model for the web. There are simply too many sites for it to be useful. It's pretty much an everyday occurrence that I go to a site I've never been to before, and certificate pinning won't help at all there. > Why have a single entity at all? How do you figure that Namecoin is a "single entity"? >the fastest number cruncher wins. What's the issue with that? It's reasonable to assume that the good number crunchers will always have more power than the bad number crunchers, and if that assumption ever fails, it's easy to detect and we're simply back to CA levels of security. Why do people with the technology have to be so cautious? >First, "TOFU/POP" has a real name; it's "key continuity". I am aware of both names, thank you. >That only has to happen once for Google to put a gun to the rogue CA's temple. Google can't really help in every single case. There are many situations where Google's revocation scheme can't keep up. You also have to put a lot of trust in Google. You think Google is going to issue a revocation if they're under legal pressure not to? As you are aware, human factors are frequently the weakest parts in a cryptosystem. In the US, you can modify a gun pretty much however you want (short of making it fully automatic, having a barrel that's "too short" per regulation, or building any form of suppressor). But of course this is an airsoft gun, which you can modify to your heart's content. > it's pretty disgusting and immoral for someone to spend their time 'hacking' weapons and then publishing an article detailing their work. Unstated major premises: 1. Weapons are inherently bad. 2. Modifying something bad is bad. 3. Publishing how to do bad things is bad. Call me crazy, but I don't agree with any of those. I'm not sure if OP was making a racist statement of meant "the human race", but completely independent of that and in response to your statement: Any technological venture is helping to solve poverty in the long run. Even if the venture does nothing to help inequality, the new technology is almost guaranteed to raise society's collective standard of living. Piketty's claim is that, in a capitalist system, wealth disparity increases over time (measured in currency). I don't think he presented enough evidence to make that statement without a lot of qualifiers, but for now, let's just assume that it's correct. What Piketty absolutely failed to account for is that capitalism's greatest strength (and even Marx thought this) is that it causes the marginal utility of currency to decrease over time. That means that even if the dollar gap between rich and poor is bigger today than it was 200 years ago, the actual quality of life gap is just getting smaller and smaller. A billionaire can afford caviar and ten lamborghinis. A thousand-aire can afford hamburgers and a used civic. The billionaire is not a million times better off, and every year, as brutal market forces push the development of better and cheaper technology in every field, the difference between the rich man and the poor man, measured in the quality of food, goods, and services they have access to, gets smaller and smaller. For the most part, billionaires can only buy more of the same thing that almost everyone has access to. The rich guy can buy a harvard education, and the poor guy can buy a cheap but effective online education. The rich guy can buy a gold-plated iPhone, and the poor guy can buy a cheap Android. It's all the same stuff, just with different levels of class. Compare that to not so long ago when only the rich had cars, refrigeration, electricity, etc. Piketty's claim is that, in a capitalist system, wealth disparity increases over time (measured in currency). I don't think he presented enough evidence to make that statement without a lot of qualifiers, but for now, let's just assume that it's correct. What Piketty absolutely failed to account for is that capitalism's greatest strength (and even Marx thought this) is that it causes the marginal utility of currency to decrease over time. That means that even if the dollar gap between rich and poor is bigger today than it was 200 years ago, the actual quality of life gap is just getting smaller and smaller. A billionaire can afford caviar and ten lamborghinis. A thousand-aire can afford hamburgers and a used civic. The billionaire is not a million times better off, and every year, as brutal market forces push the development of better and cheaper technology in every field, the difference between the rich man and the poor man, measured in the quality of food, goods, and services they have access to, gets smaller and smaller. For the most part, billionaires can only buy more of the same thing that almost everyone has access to. The rich guy can buy a harvard education, and the poor guy can buy a cheap but effective online education. The rich guy can buy a gold-plated iPhone, and the poor guy can buy a cheap Android. It's all the same stuff, just with different levels of class. Compare that to not so long ago when only the rich had cars, refrigeration, electricity, etc. The best example right now is medical technology. The rich have significant advantages regarding medical treatment, but how long will that last? Look at the plummeting costs of gene sequencing, diabetes tests, advanced prosthetics... This article implies that living a long life should be the ultimate driving goal behind our actions. What's wrong with "convenience", "mentor", or "activity" friendships? They sound perfectly logical and reasonable to me. Just because these kind of friendships might not contribute as much to longevity doesn't make them wrong. And why do you want long-term friendships? The article seemed to imply that they were good because they were healthy. >Were someone to start a startup where users got paid-by-the-view for making educational videos, that would not be too far off from the original intent of patents. What makes you say that this was the "original intent" of patents? I've never seen anything to suggest this. See the U.S. Constitution: "To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries;" Sounds like, even back then, it was more about incentivizing innovation by granting monopolies. The Apple encryption specification claims to use a combination of: A)The encryption key burned into the chip's internal HSM B)A randomly generated encryption key in effaceable storage C)The user's passcode Each passcode attempt is protected by 250,000 rounds of some key stretching function (can't remember what exactly) using the device's internal crypto acceleration hardware. To successfully parallelize an attack on an iPhone's passcode, you would have to A) get the key out of effaceable storage (can probably be done with a root 0day) and B) extract the HSM's burned-in crypto key (would require a decapping or maybe differential power analysis). And even then, you're still stuck with a few hundred thousand rounds of hashing per try, which is pretty brutal. >You say this as if rejuvenation would be a good thing. Rejuvenation would further divide the poor from the rich You say this as though the primary concern of human existence is economic equality. You're also making the assumption that rejuvenation tech won't be cheap enough for everyone at some point. > It is; or, at least, there is no more important end. Really? There is no more important end than economic equality? Your priorities must be completely alien to me. How about: Survival of the human race Survival of life in general Propagation of intelligent life >It's the pervasive attitude that violent misogyny is tolerable. What the hell are you talking about? Literally no one here is saying "Well, I don't really care about women being beaten." There is obviously a huge negative reaction to this, and in case you didn't notice, if there hadn't been serious police misconduct, this guy probably would have been slapped down with forty-five felony charges. Why use Go for embedded systems in robots? It doesn't make any sense. Go relies strongly on the existence of a heap, and doesn't have strong real-time properties. >Go uses the stack Only insofar as all programming languages with stack frames tend to use the stack. Many of Go's core language features require the presence of a heap. > And evidently the soft real-time support is good enough to fly drones and control robots. I could probably control a drone with Javascript. It doesn't mean that I should, nor that I can guarantee that it will work all the time. >had Sleep calls in it because otherwise it would operate too fast for comprehension and would make the robots/drones hard to control. This means nothing. Just because the language happens to be more than fast enough for a certain thing doesn't mean it will be more than fast enough for all things. I'm a fan of Go, but it's really not at all suited to robotics. The only area I would say Go is "good" for is web services. It's really a pretty mediocre language for anything else. The type system is kind of horrendous, there's no clean way of generic programming, etc. It's really not good for many things, least of all robotics. If you want to get into Go, I recommend writing a web server. It shows you the good parts of Go, and where it's useful. I didn't want to go over my reasoning unless someone asked, since it's kind of a long explanation. The lack of generic support is really terrible. What you have to do instead (cast things to {}interface) is like casting things to Object and then hoping they have the right methods in Java, or passing things around as void* in C++ and then casting them. It's basically the same type safety as a 100% dynamically typed language (i.e. almost none), but with a much uglier syntax. Many features are built-in, non-extensible language directives. Take the `range` operator. `range` only supports built-in types like maps, slices, and chans. You want to range over a tree? Too bad. Want to range over a graph? Too bad. Want to range over a queue or a linked list? Hmm, well too bad, or maybe wrap the queue or LL with a chan, write a helper function, range over that, and watch your performance go to shit. And for embedded programming tasks, like robotics, Go simply doesn't have the right primitives. There isn't a way to perform unsafe operations or pointer arithmetic (necessary for embedded programming), so you have to use cgo. You also lose a lot of language features if you don't have a heap. No chans, no maps, etc. Considering that Go's claim to fame is its suite of useful language features (like goroutines and easy-to-use chans) and standard library (with good web tools), neither of which are usable in most embedded contexts, and certainly not in real-time contexts, any advantages go might have kind of fly out the window. >physically destroy the offending devices. That would probably not go over super well with the various airport police organizations. Having spent a fair amount of time with both, I have to say that I would suggest Rust. Go is not a well-designed language. The type system is mediocre, generic support is bad (you have to use interface{}, which is like casting to Object in Java or passing structs/objects around as void*s in C/C++), the language relies heavily on non-extensible built-in constructs like range and make(), etc. I use Go a lot, and I like it for building web services, but I really don't see the advantage for anything else. Rust, on the other hand, takes a lot of cues from Haskell/ML and is actually a very well designed language with lots of cool features like a hindley-milner based type system with strong generic support, pattern matching, strong support for immutable and functional programming styles, etc. >My impression of the Haskell community is its full of snobbery and complaining. Probably because the Haskell community is used to having a programming language that is, in and of itself, very good. They complain because they know what they're missing when they have to use inferior tools. >Develop an imagination. Javascript can be wielded very effectively. It's just different. The same can be said of x86 assembly. That doesn't mean we don't complain about programming in it, and we don't try to find better alternatives. The entire field of programming language development is about finding tools that are better than the old ones, even if the old ones work OK. >The disadvantages are alleviated by comprehensive functional or black box testing. If you think "more testing" alleviates all the problems of weakly typed languages, you have no idea what you're missing. >I feel liberated by not having a strong type system restricting my options. If you feel restricted by a type system, you're using it wrong. A type system is a useful tool, not an impediment. It only prevents you from doing wrong things. "I like assembly because it lets me do any operation on anything." > Liberty to do any particular thing, ever, increases the ability to do something wrong. The difference is that "liberty" tends to increase one's ability to do both right and wrong. Dynamic typing tends to only increase one's ability to do wrong. >Web services aren't the only things that run on servers. Of course not, but web services are the only thing that I think Go is much good for. >And nobody is forcing you to use just one tool for all your jobs. Does that mean I'm not allowed to talk about which tools I think are good for what? Namecoin performs the same task, but has built in key/value storage support. >Green revolution did, but that wasn't GMO. The green revolution did a lot of good, but GMO is potentially doing even more. Have you looked at modern strains of GM rice? That stuff is absolutely amazing. Incredibly drought and flood resistance, and can thrive in a huge range of environmental conditions. As GMO tech progresses, we'll probably just see better and better stuff. Imagine plants with antifreeze proteins to resist cold snaps. Static typing can save a lot of time otherwise debugging later, and really isn't that much of a time investment. > strange side effects Most of these are myths or have nothing at all to do with GMOs > a drive for deeper genetic modification So? That just means it's working. > a draconian patent structure effecting farmer livelihood This is an artifact of patent law, not genetic modification. > But GMO is not a solution for the world, and it is not a sustainable solution for fixing poverty. What does "not a solution for the world" mean? And why is it not sustainable? If we use genetic modification to optimize an organism, there is no reason that it can't be sustainable. In fact, we can make farming even more sustainable than it is now. > it's a bit rich for the so-called developed world to destroy sustainable indigenous populations and then "solve" the problem with intensive agriculture You're using a misdirected ad-hominem attack against GMO technology. "The developed world damaged some technologically undeveloped populations, so it's somehow negative that any technology from the developed world be used to help any technologically undeveloped populations." Go is poorly designed. It has a mediocre type system, bad support for genericism, too much reliance on non-extensible language keywords (range, make, etc.). Want to range over a tree? Too bad. Or maybe wrap the tree with a chan and watch performance and simplicity go out the window. I mean, come on, what modern language actually recommends casting to the top type? That would be like if idiomatic C++ involved casting things to void*, or if idiomatic java involved casting things to Object, just so you can write generic functions and types. >$100 is not enough money to change people's shopping behavior. It's about getting them interested, not necessarily changing their behavior long-term. >Go aka golang is an amazing language By what standard? I've been very underwhelmed. The type system is very mediocre. Support for generic programming is awful. What kind of language idiomatically involves casting to the top type? That would be like if Java idiomatically involved casting to Object, or C++ idiomatically involved casting to void*, just to get any sort of genericism. Look at almost any big Go project; the abundance of {}interface typed variables is alarming And then how about language extensibility? Go relies heavily on built-in keywords, like range and make(). You want to range over a tree or a linked list? Too bad. You can only use built-in types. Or maybe you can wrap your data structure in a chan and range over that. Goodbye performance and simplicity. Go is not a bad language. I use it on a number of web projects, and it works very well. But Go is not, by any metric I can think of, an "amazing" language. At best, it is a decent language with lots of corporate support, a good standard library, and some good tools like golint, go get, and go fmt. >there are 306 mentions of {}interface Would you be happy with a Java project with 306 mentions of Object? >but a decent language with corporate support, a good standard library and good tools....is...well...pretty darn "amazing" in my book. This also describes Java in 1997. I wouldn't call that an amazing language either. >Other "exciting" languages that play in the same field as Go are perhaps Rust and D, but neither of those have the same corporate/community support, tools, eco-system, etc. I don't know enough about D to speak about it, but at least Rust has a good type system (based on hindley-milner), support for generic programming, pattern matching, extensibility, etc. I'd personally call Rust "well-designed". >I wouldn't be happy with a Java project with 306 mentions of anything. Please expand on this. >Go's interface{} and Java's Object not the same thing, Yes, they are. They are both the top type. >nor are they used for the same ends. Yes, they are. Did you ever use Java before they added Generics? Nifty, but looks a bit cluttered. There's stuff in there for twitter, webservers, etc. etc., and it's all in one giant file. This is probably not super useful for anyone who wants to deploy practical infrastructure with audio transceivers. See tools like dsptunnel for IP-over-audio solutions. Jesus, I hope not. Go now is like Java in 1997. A mediocre language with lots of corporate support and a big standard library. It's popular in the developer crowd right now because it's A)simple B)has a good standard library and C)getting support (in the forms of tools, tutorials, etc.) is easy. We shouldn't let those things be the deciding factors in choosing what language to stick with over the next ten or twenty years. That's what we did with Java, and even though we're on revision 8, people are still (rightfully) complaining about many of the same flaws that are still present 20 years later. As Java aged, developers realized that they didn't actually want the type of language that Java started out as, so over time, Java has accumulated features like lambdas, generic programming, etc., but because the language wasn't designed with it in the first place, it's all sub-optimal cruft. Go has a lot of the same problems now. No generic support (What language designer in 2014 builds something that idiomatically requires casting to the top type? That was precisely a huge problem for Java; Java (sort of) fixed this by adding Generics in 2004), a mediocre type system (which gets completely ignored pretty frequently anyway; see the previous issue), inflexible (you can't extend important built-ins like range or make()), and with none of the interesting features that programming languages have gotten good at in the last few decades (pattern matching, immutability, null/nil-free programming, etc.). I really hope that developers can see past the hollow promises of corporate support and a strong standard library and wait for a language that is actually good in and of itself, and not just because there are so many developers propping it up. There are a number of very well-designed languages on the horizon. The one closest to Go may be Rust, which has excellent features like ML-style generic programming, pattern matching, an almost-hindley-milner type system, strong support for immutable and functional programming, etc. >using Go interfaces to handle most generic type problems Do you mean Go interface specifications, or the Go interface{} type? Because the latter is the top type. Using it is equivalent to casting things to Object in Java, which people did up until 2004 when they realized it was really stupid. You also can't use Go interface specifications to make generic data structures, which is the really important use case. >Erik Meijer has a more nuanced view on the topic than you I'd rather not watch a 40 minute video. Care to summarize? >"and the code that I read on the page is the code that is executed... the language is very deliberately simple and contained" This is a dumb argument. The same thing can be said about assembly, and in fact this property doesn't hold true once you introduce abstraction through functions. All well-written code is easy to read, and most poorly-written code is hard to read. Go does not change that. Xmonad is a good example. Just because not a lot of programmers understand the language yet doesn't mean that programmers in the future can't learn it and take advantage of it. I hope they do, because just by programming in haskell, you automatically rule out entire classes of bugs. >Go does not have a type hierarchy, so there is no top type. Go does have a type heirarchy. It's just not very extensible. There is top (interface{}) and then there are all other types (which are subtypes of interface{}). If Go didn't have a type heirarchy, you wouldn't be able to up- and down-cast (up-casts are performed via implicit coercion to interface{} and down-casts are explicit). >You can easily use interface{} to make generic data structures, but interfaces have a time/space/code-complexity cost which makes them not worth it most of the time. You also lose any semblance of type safety, which is kind of awful. My question: When does a physical system reach a "halting state"? This question has led me to some confusion when considering the possible isomorphism between physical systems and turing machines. Right, but how do you define the halting state for a physical system? A stable state? No free energy left? Is it arbitrary? It also ignores the fact that working somewhere can always get you experience with which to do great things later on. Perhaps, after all this time, there are fewer questions left to ask. There is so much potential in open source hardware design. Right now, we are held back by (at best) mediocre tools. We need better HDL software, better synthesis software, better EDA software before we have any hope of widespread use of open source hardware. Imagine if the only compilers available were proprietary compilers locked behind hundreds of pages of licensing requirements and legal bullshit. Open source software would still be in the dark ages. I applaud any effort to advance the open source hardware design toolset. The problem with FPGAs is the design software. Have you ever tried to use WebPACK ISE or Quartus? Both of them blow. Terrible UI, terrible design, terrible licensing requirements. We need simple, easy, powerful, and free tools for FPGA development before open source FPGA cores take off. Sadly, the core client has the job of being capable of bootstrapping itself starting at the genesis block and ending at the most recent block. That means that, barring a huge design change in Bitcoin itself, the core client has to support every single feature ever implemented in Bitcoin, no matter how half-assed or poorly thought out. That's why things like the way P2SH got implemented really grind my gears. Bitcoin has a few idiosyncratic and unintuitive design additions that make it really hard to make simple clients. Science has two unique properties: • It eventually converges on the correct answer, no matter the starting point. • It is universal, and not subject to the biases of the scientists (once the correct answer is found). Any two intelligent rational species will eventually converge on the same scientific answer, no matter how far separated they are by space or genetics or history. The same can not be said of philosophy, art, or any of the other fields mentioned by the author (except history, which is just applied science when done right). How the hell are there this many people here who buy this hogwash? >Nagarjuna often runs through the four cases of the catuskoti. In some places, moreover, he clearly states that there are situations in which none of the four applies. They don’t cover the status of an enlightened person after death, for example. Are you kidding me? This article isn't even about formalizing non-boolean logic. It's thinly veiled religious propaganda, artificially ascribing mathematical formality to a mystical religion. And yes, statements are either true or false. If you can't say a statement will be either true or false (you don't have to know which one), the statement is ill-defined. Non-binary logical systems are useful only insofar as they allow us to model uncertainty, not because they reflect the nature of reality. That is absolutely the case. If something is "ineffable", it's probably logically ill-defined, and we should treat anyone who tries to use something "ineffable" in formal argument as a mystic spouting hogwash. Alternatively, fibonacci n = (map fst $ iterate (\(a,b) -> (b,a+b)) (0,1)) !! n Well, Apple already has plenty of experience building mediocre headphones. The difference is that Apple only charges $30! >Within the form factor constraints of earbuds and IEMs, you're not likely to find better engineering. Not quite. It's easy to find better engineering in the IEM form factor. It's hard to find better engineering in the earbud form factor, because no one bothers trying to make earbuds sound good. It's very hard to make an open device that small sound good. >It's difficult to do better without spending more money. http://www.amazon.com/Klipsch-Image-S4A-In-Ear-Headphones/dp... Just a little more money. About $15 more, significantly higher quality. I'm very concerned at the number of people on HN who seem to have bought into this religious mysticism disguised as math. That's one of the oldest tricks in the book. Something I noticed a while back is that Python already has objects pre-made for the small integers. >Please refrain from making comments about people over age. He said "This accurately describes my dealings with non-technical people over 50.", not "This accurately describes all people over 50." Nothing wrong with detailing your factual experiences. Well, I have some evidence in support of what he says (at least, that universities log connections). My university, of some 48,000 students (in 2010), logs 100% of all connections. I know, because I have seen the data. It's provided to researchers with the IPs replaced by some other persistent identifier (which they hopefully generated randomly). You can see IP addresses/domain names, and I think they might have also had URL data for http connections (although I'm not sure on that one). They also emailed and temporarily disconnected all students who were running servers vulnerable to heartbleed, so presumably they do some form of more intensive inspection and logging as well. > I'm not sure there's any way to stop it, Ideally, clever technology. We can at least try to stop digital dragnet surveillance with better technology. It might be possible to frustrate physical dragnet surveillance the same way. As a fallback, there's always violence if people get pissed off enough. Why do they keep old logs if they're just monitoring for illegal/commercial/malware stuff? And if they were very concerned with exposure of sensitive data, they wouldn't be logging it. >and for research. That's not the same thing as "monitoring for illegal/commercial/malware activity". >The niche for fast HWRNGs actually exists in the stochastic simulation business >The bar is set high, though; the dream is about 1GB/s, RDRAND achieves 500-700MB/s. Why are PRNGs not good enough? A hardware implementation of algorithms in the SHA series can achieve multiple GB/s of throughput. With a good seed, wouldn't the output of a simple counter-based or iterative hash-based PRNG be sufficiently random for simulations? >Police do, and should take peaceful action without any police authority. Coming to someone's house and bothering them about something political they said online is not "peaceful". Just because they don't physically beat the guy up or shoot him doesn't mean it's peaceful. When someone in a position of authority uses their authority to try to bully you into doing something, that is not peaceful. Got a really short one! fib a b = a : fib b (a+b) fibn = (!!) (fib 0 1) >To pull the strings of the law they'd need to exert some special influence that was not available to the ordinary person, but that is not the case here. You're telling me that if I called the police and told them someone was making fun of me on twitter, they'd visit that person's house and ask them to stop? >In some jurisdictions - yes, that absolutely happens. Which? I read the whole paper, but I still don't get exactly why this relation exists. They described some properties of "memory systems", and then said that a memory system must "remember more than one thing", and for some reason knowing the future as well as the past corresponds to "only knowing one thing", which means that anything that knows the future isn't a memory, because it only knows one thing. Can someone please explain the whole thing with "knowing multiple things" and robustness to perturbations in the system? They are sidestepping Shannon by taking advantage of spacial multiplexing. If I'm user fiber-optic communications with 1064nm laser, there's a maximum bandwidth I can get out of a single fiber. But I can always just add more fibers. You can do this with radio waves too. Just broadcast in such a way that a signal has maximum strength at the desired user's location, and less strength elsewhere. You need multiple antennas, of course (like multiple fiber heads). I think if you wanted 100% bandwidth for each user, you'd need at least one antenna per user. I have a dedicated email for my Github profile. Interestingly, I've received several unprompted job offers at that email, which is not the email listed on my resume. So there are at least some groups (most of these were startups) who may be hiring based off Github profiles alone. >I have never read a novel. Wow. This is like someone telling me "I've never used the internet.". You're cutting yourself off from a huge supply of information. >Declaring Data as interface{} allows a struct to initialize Data, and therefore a node in this graphing library can store anything (including another graph). This is probably one of the most important characteristics of Go. "Declaring Data as Object allows a class to initialize Data, and therefore a node in this graphing library can store anything (including another graph). This is probably one of the most important characteristics of Java." - Probably someone before 2004, when Java programmers hadn't yet realized that using the most general type to do anything is a terrible idea As of now, I don't know if there are any phones with more compute power than the iPhone 5s. There certainly weren't when it came out. You would need at least a mid-range android phone/tablet to get decent responsiveness. It would be worse because HTML is supposed to be a hypertext standard, not a DRM standard. We shouldn't be putting closed things in "open" standards. > The decision of whether or not to use DRM should be of the site creators. That's as "free" as it gets. Why does that mean that we should facilitate their use of DRM? If they want to use it, they can specify a third-party plugin. It absolutely can be disassembled. It's information-theoretically impossible to have a video format that people can watch, but can't transcode. > And, it's probably closed. the web is open. Do you understand that these new HTML DRM plugins will be closed as well? How do you think this DRM will work? So you're saying that keeping their userbase and losing their principles is better than losing their userbase and keeping their principles? Why do we care if users go to Apple/Google/etc. if Mozilla is no better than those companies anyway? You don't need to compromise every chip. You just need to compromise one. That's not particularly hard. You can use some fancy equipment to extract the private key, and then you can decode any video the chip could decode. Or, if you want to be lazy, just hook a VGA cable up to a transcoder. Someone already has to buy a movie to rip and upload it. One organization can buy lots of movies at a time and upload them all. And the analog hole can't be closed. If the video is encrypted on the wire, you can just jack into the TV's DSP hardware (at worst). Most piracy isn't about Joe Bloggs giving the video to his friends. It's established institutions uploading videos to popular torrent sites, where they get millions of downloads. There is simply no way to prevent that. Interesting. I was unaware of this. But if this is the case, why is there such a push to put DRM in HTML? Browsers aren't DVD players. Users are free to use software like ABP to circumvent any features like "unskippable ads" mentioned in the post. Pressure on browser makers seems much less valuable than pressure on device makers. How has no one removed the cap by now? I would be extremely tempted to throw stuff down the hole. Exactly. Why can't people release packages for examining local copies of the blockchain? The blockchain isn't exactly hard to acquire. I'm glad they're at each other's throats. It's driving cell phone development at an insane rate. Of course. But it would be even worse if they had the patents and weren't at each other's throats. There are two things that can almost completely subvert the rational capabilities of your average human; sex, and children. The effect compounds when those two topics come up at the same time. I used to work in one of the taller buildings in a city. At the top of the building, there was a bunch of cell infrastructure. We were installing some radio equipment in the radio room (the same place AT&T and the others had their stuff), and I noticed two identical locked server boxes. They were very heavy-duty compared to the server cabinets I'm used to. One was marked "FBI" and the other was marked "USMS/DEA" (or something like that). I couldn't really tell without going through a bunch of ceiling-mounted wires, but I'm pretty sure these were connected to some of the civilian cell infrastructure. There wasn't much else to connect to up there. Much of the panic about lasers is completely unwarranted. You can just do the math yourself to prove that most of the panicked news we hear is bullshit. For any given laser, we know the divergence (the given figures are usually smaller than the actual divergence). Let's look at the wicked lasers arctic, a popular (but low quality) 445nm blue laser with a power output of up to 2000mW. This is one of the more powerful consumer handheld lasers out there. Wicked claims a divergence of 1.5mRad. I think that's optimistic. It's probably really above 2 mRad. Let's say you get within 300 meters of a plane. That's pretty tricky; you'd be lucky to do that even near an airport (and the closer you are to an airport, the easier it is to get arrested. At 300 meters, the beam is (very optimistically) about 450mm. Because of the multimode properties of the 445nm diode, even with this very optimistic spec, it's probably more like a 1m x .45m ellipse. But let's just assume a circle. pi .45 .45 = .63 meters squared. That's a power density of 2W/.63m^2, or about .00037W/cm^2. According to the IEC and SPIE, that's a low enough power density that at visible wavelengths, you could be exposed to it for long periods with no eye damage. [1][2] This is assuming ideal conditions, including a perfect beam, no atmospheric interference, and no reflection/filtering on the aircraft. There is no physical danger to the pilot; the risk is that the pilot gets distracted. This risk is not substantial, as it's very difficult to keep a laser trained at a pilot long enough to be dangerously distracting, and you have to be very close for the laser light to even be noticeable. By the way; There are a few videos floating around of lasers shining into cockpits. Most of these look really bad, because A)they filmed with the intention of making lasers look dangerous and B)lasers saturate camera CCDs very easily, so they can look incredibly bright on video even if our eyes handle them pretty well. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:IEC60825_MPE_W_s.png [2] http://spie.org/Documents/Publications/00%20STEP%20Module%20... > especially since they can blind you or your equipment at the speed of light. This is a myth. No portable laser has a low enough divergence to produce a dangerous power density at any significant range. >A laser can blind you Yes, it can blind you, the user, but it can not blind a pilot. Any consumer laser will have too high a divergence to create dangerous power densities at any significant range. >and can distract you while you are operating a motor vehicle Sure it can. But so can cell phones, shaving, eating, jaywalking... People aren't getting 14 years for those. > the night vision in the open eye was seriously hampered for >5 minutes That seems like a very drastic effect from diffuse exposure to laser light at long distance. Partial adaptation from full sunlight to darkness takes about 5 minutes [1], and the diffuse laser light you were exposed to is orders of magnitude weaker than sunlight. I would be curious to see some more experimental research in this area. We know a lot about energy thresholds for eye damage, but we don't have as much precise data for adaptation thresholds. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adaptation_(eye) > there should be a reasonable amount of data to indicate the range of harm. There is. And the obvious conclusion is that the harm is completely negligible. There is absolutely no possibility of physiological damage from light exposure (some people still seem to be kicking that idea around), and the chance of causing the pilot to be unable to operate the aircraft due to distraction or damaging night vision is very low. Lasers are high-tech and have significant pop-culture influence (Think back to 60s sci-fi. Everyone had a laser gun.). I can see why many people are irrationally afraid of lasers. They have a number of connotations that may be negative. >FHE works by constructing a (malleability-exploiting) circuit to implement the desired logic on the (malleable) ciphertext. That's a very simplistic view of FHE. There are much more complex homomorphisms that you can take advantage of, that I don't think can be called "malleability". There is a lot of research going into FHE based on ring homomorphisms, because you can e.g. encode any logical operations as addition and multiplication over GF(2). I would not be surprised at all if you could encrypt computations with FHE. > Sales of T-shirts with "There is no place like 127.0.0.1" drop dramatically. The nerdy t-shirt industry experiences a boost in margins, as they can now save ink by printing the much shorter "::1". I'm sorry, but I think if you buy that argument, your priorities are totally out of whack. Putting legal restraints on someone else's technology because a very small number of people were subjected to mildly embarrassing/uncomfortable situations is ridiculous. It's the same process that would happen if you actually played both sounds. The superposition is just happening in software instead of air. >People who are victims of stalking, violence, harassment and so on, deserve to be alerted if someone is trying to photograph them. Why does that imply that it's OK to dictate how I'm allowed to use my technology? I'd say everyone's right to own and control their own devices trumps a few people's right to feel a little better about all the dozens of scary icky boogy men hanging out on the train. >Now you're dead because someone didn't respect your privacy. Which is a completely separate issue from legally requiring someone's device to follow some ridiculous rule invented because of a negligible edge case. Do you really believe that requiring a camera to make a noise will actually protect anyone's privacy? People can always disable the speaker or do illegal hacks to the device. The only thing this law does is set a terrible precedent of allowing the government to control people's electronic devices. You don't need to be a hacker to download an android app that disables the sound illegally, or remove the speakers. > Even the most freedom-loving libertarians among us generally concede that your freedom doesn't extend to harming others. Do you really consider being able to take photos silently "harming others"? Why don't we just make cameras on cell phones illegal? After all, your freedom to have a camera "doesn't extend to harming others." The reason your argument is bullshit is that most people (including libertarians) don't support punishing people before they're proven guilty of a crime. You can certainly punish upskirt-shot-takers, if you want, but don't preemptively mix up literally every innocent person with a smartphone. >no one can really stop you from modding a device, anyway But they can and have made it illegal, so if I do modify my device in the way I like they can throw me in prison. >thinking about what a minor inconvenience it is to hear the camera sound, so that people's privacy can be protected. This is a completely false dichotomy. The camera sound is not protecting people's privacy to any significant degree. It has the much more significant effect of inconveniencing a huge number of people. You also haven't addressed the fact that this sets up the precedent for the government controlling people's technology. > import random, re You'll want to replace random with a cryptographically secure RNG. >The only way this legally registered pseudonym can be revealed is in legal action against a comment on conviction. So they would convict you before they knew who you actually were? Awesome. No need to defend myself, I guess! How about instead, we respect the concept of free speech, and allow people to say whatever ridiculous shit they want without threatening to imprison them if they say something that makes us uncomfortable. > That way people can have the right to anonymity so long as they stay within the law. What does that even mean? If the system is designed with the express purpose of allowing the law to punish you for something you said, it's not anonymous. I'm not familiar with python's non-secure PRNG implementation. Usually it involves the fact that A)these PRNGs have small entropy pools, so you can check the entire state space quickly and B)they have non-uniform outputs, so you can do probabilistic attacks.