Good APIs are like good code. You don't want to get creative. Instead, you want the API to be usable by being immediately familiar. Follow the lead of popular, well-designed APIs (Parse and Twilio come to mind). You should follow a predictable pattern, which minimizes the amount of time required to learn your API. For example, if your endpoints are in the "/[noun]/[verb].json" scheme, then you should stick to that all the way through. I suggest starting out by strictly adhering to REST standards, and then choose areas where you want to be flexible to increase usability (allowing POST calls to be overridden and interpreted as PUT calls, for example). Check out this checklist: https://mathieu.fenniak.net/the-api-checklist/ I can also enthusiastically recommend Apiary ( https://apiary.io ) for designing and mocking up your API. It's absolutely fantastic. PayPal is accepted in the Play Store. Do some research. You've seen GoldenEye too many times. Evil is selfish, not indiscriminate. Terrorists generally want control over some general area (or their own lives). They don't want to destroy human society. Society is what gives them food, shelter, and all the other things people like to have. What you're describing would take not just one person who wanted to destroy all of human society, but quite a few of them. I'm resisting the urge to offer you a tinfoil hat or ask if you're joking. Instead, I'm going to reason through this. The scenario you describe is unlikely. Before such a global catastrophe happens, it's likely that a smaller catastrophe will happen. Like the Titanic, the world will be shocked into preventative action. Governments will make laws. After that, the difficulty in collecting such massive amounts of information will be greater than the value in that information. Even now, requiring proper software security practices would prevent information-theft from being a viable business. You might get the occasional massive haul, but it wouldn't be an epidemic. Vladimir Putin is mad. He has done much madder things in recent months and years. I recommend BillGuard or something similar for anyone who is worried about losing payment information. Also, use/promote http://twofactorauth.org I like Facebook. It helps me keep up with friends in distant places. If you find it to be pernicious and intrusive, don't use it (or use it differently). Don't impose your dislike on others. "Peeing in the pool" is a great metaphor in that regard. Please let me know the URL as well. I'm concerned that the code base is open to SQL injection. I'm not a Python developer, but it looks to me like you're taking input from the user and putting it into queries without filtering it. That said, my nonprofit helps other nonprofits use technology, and ALL of them want a volunteer-tracking system. This is a very useful, worthwhile project. I tried Sublime and Atom and stopped using them because they didn't understand code. Netbeans has been my go-to editor for a long time now, and the reason is because it understands code better than any other editor I've used. It's actually uncanny a lot of the time. I'm going to try WebStorm soon, but at the moment, Netbeans (with some reconfiguration) helps me work the fastest. Edit: to elaborate a little bit, Netbeans does a great job of guessing types and arguments by itself. When it has javadoc-style comments (for any language), then it uses those. The autocomplete is really fantastic. Looks pretty interesting. I like it. I actually think it might have more of a market for planning sprints in Agile development, although having priority + deadline on each story would probably have the same effect. That said, I'd never use this if it didn't integrate with Google Calendar and some widely-used tasks APIs. I've experimented with too many event/task managers to count, and getting it all to work the way I wanted was always kludgy. I now have a perfect setup with Google Calendar, Cal, and Any.do, and my fingers are crossed that those services will last. Your landing page needs examples. I'm about 20% sure I understand exactly what the purpose of this is. Also, something like this should be marketed as, "You know that thing you've been doing the hard way? We're helping you do it the easy way." I don't really understand what it is I've been doing the hard way. If we haven't already been doing something that you're now making easier, you should go back to the drawing board. It's hard to create new behavior. Amazon has outages, too. I'm sure you've thought of that, but don't assume Amazon to be available 100% of the time. You could start out pretty simple: price, comfort, and location. Business travelers, whose companies are paying for their expenses, will care little about price and a lot about comfort and location. Poor college students taking a weekend trip are going to care little about comfort, but a lot about price and location. You don't need many dimensions to satisfy a large percentage of users. Sublime is dead. No one is actively developing it. There's a rich history of piggybacking on dead software, and I (and many others) clicked this link because of that piggybacking. I completely support and admire someone who is trying to further the development of Sublime without having the original code base. Sublime Text 3 Beta was announced in January of 2013. It's safe to call it vaporware at this point. Updating your editor, adding plugins, or changing to a new editor is never an issue of "fully capable" or "good enough". It's always whether there are new ways to save time. Lots of people thought editors were "fully capable" before the "go-to any symbol" functionality was introduced (possibly by Sublime). Now they can't live without it. But besides all that, Sublime has lots of bugs that impact daily work. If it were in bug-fix mode, where plugins were adding new features, that would be fine. That's not the case. Atom is awesome, but I agree that the plugins aren't mature enough yet. Netbeans is fantastic for PHP editing, except the go-to-anything functionality is terrible out of the box. Even after configuring, it's not as good as ST. Other than that, it's excellent. Why? It's very possible I just don't get this. I don't have a CS degree, and I develop backends for web apps. Maybe I'm not the right audience. I'd love to find out why I've needed it in my life, though, if you can explain further. Right now, here's why I wouldn't use it: 1) It makes code less readable. It's anti-sugar. It's not obvious what code using plumb will actually do. This right here from your PHP examples is just insanity: -- $f = plumb(['strlen' __([] , "foo")]); $f(null) === 3 $compose = plumb([[[2 , __(1 , 0)]]]); -- I have absolutely no idea what that does, and in 10 years of writing backends, I don't think I've ever written code that I'd want to replace with that. There are so many brackets and parentheses, it makes my eyes hurt. What if there were 1 nested bracket in the third line instead of 2? If I were scanning for bugs, I might not catch that quickly. 2) It makes code less usable. This is similar to the above, but has more to do with handing code over to someone new. If I were scanning some code and saw: -- count = plumb([len , "baz"]) count(None) == 3 -- I'd say, "What the hell?" And then I'd have to look up what the plumb() function does I thought I was looking at Python syntax, but I'm actually looking at Python + plumb syntax, which takes time for me to learn. 3) It doesn't seem to add functionality. What am I missing here? What task were you previously coding that was so difficult that you decided to create plumb? This reminds me of "PHP functions in [insert other language]" libraries or "OOP for JavaScript" articles. Instead of figuring out how to do what they want in a native way, people coming from another language will try to shoehorn the lexicon they're familiar with into a new language. That hurts readability, portability, and performance. Yes, it sometimes makes sense to add a new "syntax" (in the form of sugar) to a widely-used language. jQuery and its competitors are the only successful examples of that I can think of, though. Again, really, really curious about the reasoning behind this. It seems like you do have a CS degree, so you could probably teach me a thing or two. The "delaying expensive function calls" part gave me more of a clue than anything. I still have to admit that I don't get the benefit of plumb over existing lambda syntax, and that benefit still would have to be weighed against the additional requirement of learning plumb syntax for someone new to my code base. I did read "When not to use Plumb" but, from the example, was looking at a single line. I meant that that single line is difficult to look at and say, "My bug isn't in that line." In the US, the "making it easier" part can make you liable as well. In fact, a huge amount of copyright-related cases have considered this exact issue. Take a look at all the P2P suits, as an example. In my uneducated opinion, I believe this would be similar to YouTube. YouTube allows anyone to upload anything, and they aren't required to preview the content before it is publicly available on their site. However, they must comply with DMCA takedown requests. I think ClickShirt would have to do the same. Anyone can print any image until the owner of the image issues a takedown request. The added wrinkle is that anything being put into the ClickShirt system is from a different website -- it's hosted somewhere else, not on a user's computer. That's different from YouTube, because it's fair to assume that ClickShirt is ALMOST ALWAYS using copyrighted images. Regardless, I think they'll get shut down in the US. This isn't the kind of thing that courts are very lenient about. Neat idea, though. Would be cool if they did a reverse image search on Google to find the largest-available version of the image. No idea if that's available via API, though. One-off t-shirts are expensive. I recently got 8 t-shirts made by Custom Ink, and each one was $40. I didn't even choose the expensive American Apparel shirts, either. Custom Ink is probably one of the more expensive companies (and I chose them because of their excellent customer service), but you get my point. Thanks for the response. "Compare them to raw PHP" -- that's exactly what I was looking for. This is theoretically interesting. As I suspected, though, I'm just not the right target audience. For the web backends I work on, I'm taking HTTP requests, manipulating inputs, mixing in values from a database, and then outputting the HTTP response. I've never had to write anything remotely like the PHP in your example. Maybe my life would be easier if I did, but at the moment, my biggest pain point (in code) is that ORM abstraction sucks, and there's no great alternative. That's not even in the same solar system as the problems you seem to be trying to solve. Ask yourself: who has access to lots of teachers? You should get in touch with teachers' unions, Boards of Education, and classroom supply stores. If there's some way you can partner with textbook companies, that might also be an indirect path to users. You should also check out Q&A sites or forums that have sections for educators to ask one another questions. There may even be teachers looking for you, and they might be congregating there. The use-case in your comment sounds fine. The example on your page is not, as the "I've always found..." comment is not from Alienware. It's intended to be deceptive. My issue with news is not the length. It's the tidal wave of clickbait and FUD. I actually prefer to have long articles if they're about something substantive and not, for example, who Jennifer Lawrence is now dating or how Ebola is going to kill all humans. I see what you mean. How will the feed be filtered for each user? Does it "learn" from what I click or like? Do I have to manually specify what I want to see? Or is it just one feed for everyone? If you use this service (or anything similar), you deserve to get dumped. Women aren't dogs that you "keep happy" by buying them things. And gifts aren't something you can outsource without losing everything that makes it valuable. My first reaction: creating a website already is as easy as creating a Word doc. How is this different (or how will it be different) from creating a Google Doc and sharing it with the public? Or using Google Sites for that matter? (Not trying to jam you up -- genuinely interested in this and your answer.) I don't think it has to solve a problem. It just has to make it easier for people to do things that they're already doing, only better and/or cheaper and/or faster. That said, your questions are valid. Yes, people memorialize their pets, and many do it online. For many, their deaths are as affecting as losing a human relative, and humans have memorial sites. How will this site reach those people? How many will actually want to use the service? And would they pay for something they could do for free on an ad-hoc basis on a different website? This is just my gut talking, but they should probably pivot to provide an end-to-end, just-lost-a-pet wizard (NOT a native app, but a website). Step 1 connects you with a crematorium, step 2 lets you buy an urn, step 3 lets you send invites to friends/family for a service, step 4 lets you set up the memorial page. I know that might sound ridiculous, but losing a pet can be expensive and time-consuming, just as it can be when you lose a human. People just want to be connected with inexpensive services quickly, and Forever Fluffy could take a very small cut for making the connection. "As easy as a Word doc" is misleading then. Editing CSS and JS isn't as easy as Word, even if it's considered a feature and a convenience. I do think it's a good, catchy phrase, but it isn't necessarily hitting your target market. Are you pretty similar to a hosted Jekyll service, then? I'd suggest talking to veterinarians. As you can imagine, it's often necessary to euthanize patients, but it's not necessarily in the scope of a veterinarian's care to help you with the rest. If a vet could say, "Visit _____.com, which will help you find services for memorializing your pet," it would take a lot of pressure off of them. They already do that for services that help plan home-cooked meals, insurance, etc. Generally speaking, what's your algorithm here? Are you just considering near-lossless compression, or are you in some cases saying that an image could be lower quality and still look ok? Are you also looking for images that are displayed in the HTML at smaller sizes than the files themselves? Better to just use a separate server, considering they start at less than $10/month. It's a lot simpler to scale, optimize, and contain threats that way. Docker is still a good solution. I just don't think the problem you're describing absolutely requires something like Docker. I may be missing something, but this doesn't seem secure at first glance. Assume I decompile your app and look at your algorithm. If there are only two inputs (service name and master password), then I'm only missing the master password. If I get a couple (or more) of your passwords, I can probably figure out your master password, since I know everything else. That could be done via Android malware or several successful hacks. All of a sudden, I have a universal key to all of your accounts. That's a worst-case scenario in terms of security. The risk is significantly lower if the master password is sufficiently complex, but not many users use complex passwords. Considering PNG has been around since 1996 and HTML pages can load arbitrary images and fonts, we don't need pure CSS icons. We have purpose-built formats for images. This CSS image project is just for fun. The whole "[something] in pure CSS" began when people realized how awful table-based layouts are. First it was layouts, then full-blown designs. This is almost like the most extreme version of that trend, almost to the point of parody. Some people like to do things just to see if they can do them. This project is interesting not just because CSS is not meant to do this, but also because CSS is so half baked. Looks like you have recreated one of the most notorious failures in the recent history of venture capital: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_Labs I don't think Color failed because of the idea. Their marketing was flawed, and they were trying to create a social network. So are you. I think they eventually tacked their service on top of Facebook, which might be a good idea. I haven't really thought it through. What's going to be your hook for getting users? I'm assuming the app isn't very useful unless other people are on it, right? Or do you have content from somewhere? The DOS design is really clever, interesting, and unique. However, it's takes me back to such frustration and exhaustion that I immediately left the site. Also, it's not that easy to read anything. > Imagine you are an event hoster, you create an event on ICU and you get an ICU link, people take picture with the app on your event, and in live you will see all the pictures on the link. I spent a year working on a startup doing exactly that. We failed. The problem we ran into is that it's cool, but Twitter (and others) already accomplish the same thing with hashtags. People just don't like to add new channels to their everyday lives. Beyond that, it was impossible (for us) to monetize, even though we had connections to creative agencies and large companies that were marketing events. The problem is that we weren't reducing pain points or adding operational efficiency, and thus paying us was never urgent. Meetings would get pushed off by weeks at a time, and it was hard to get anyone to make concrete moves forward. To give you an idea of what we were experiencing, imagine that you're selling your car. Which is a higher priority, getting a scratch fixed or having it waxed? It's very possible that you'll make your money back from the waxing when you're able to sell it for more money, but that's only a possibility. You're going to first spend your money on the repairs and then on the appearance. For the business world, increasing operational efficiency is like the repair, while marketing/social media is like the appearance. People in the business world just don't like to pay out for something that MIGHT have ROI. That's why creative budgets are some of the first to get crunched in a recession. This is utter nonsense for so many reasons. Startups are valuable when they make money, and they don't make money because of the idea. They're all about the people: the founders and their relationships to the target market. That's not to mention how often ideas change. Sometimes the target market changes completely as well. You can make detailed, elaborate models all you want, but it's not going to tell you anything about the value of a startup. It's the belief that ideas are important that lead so many first-time founders to fail. There are extensions or settings in most browsers that will lazy-load tabs for you. No transfer or rendering occurs until you open the tab. That aside, what could possibly require opening 300 tabs? That must be an absolute productivity killer... Why not use a bookmark manager or "read later" service or something? I don't know about the mobile app, but Google Maps on the desktop has supported multiple waypoints for many years. Edit: as someone else mentioned, the app does support it. 1) Change your landing page. It makes it seem like your app is an alternative to just texting "thank you" to someone. A visitor is going to think, "Why not just text them? What's the benefit of doing it on an app that my friend is not using yet?" And, on that note, I'd be interested to know how this is actually better than just texting the person (or tagging them in a grateful Facebook or Twitter post). 2) I knew a startup that spent 3 years working on an app that allowed you to publicly "thank" a service professional (waiter, hairdresser, etc.) That service professional would build up a profile of "thanks" and get a resume out of it. That startup failed because no one wants to say thanks in an app. People aren't looking for new apps[1], so you'd better address a huge pain point in their lives if you want them to download anything. 3) Decide what you want to get out of this project (hopefully not an income). Set yourself a hard deadline. If you're not hitting your target, move on to something else. That was advice given to me by a 500 Startups investor, and though it was painful to hear at the time, it was incredibly helpful and important. Decide what failure means and, if you do fail, accept it and forgive yourself. You certainly wouldn't be alone. [1] http://qz.com/253618/most-smartphone-users-download-zero-app... The quality of a library isn't just performance or usability. You also have to consider if other people working on your code base will be able to figure it out and use it. Even if jQuery is worse than MooTools in almost every way (performance, usefulness, size, etc.) it has a HUGE advantage in that any web developer has used it before, so there's a minimal learning curve when someone new has to start working on your code base. Furthermore, since jQuery uses sensible practices in terms of API stability and plugins, you can expect performance and coverage to only improve. Edit: I realize this could have been read as "MooTools is better" but I actually prefer jQuery from every angle. If you're doing something too complicated for jQuery, you need a full-fledged framework, not MooTools. We did a prototype app and discovered that it's almost impossible to get anyone to download an app. User acquisition costs for apps are astronomical. I've been on a B2B kick for a few years, so I haven't seen recent stats, but it's brutal. We then moved to being purely social-network driven. There are a bunch of people in this space. Users submit photos on social media using unique hashtags or whatever, and there's a nice organic sharing effect. That product (which, again, is available cheaply from various companies now) is great. Every event organizer should use it, since most events, including weddings, will try to have a unique hashtag these days. Why not harness all that content that people are posting? Our service also supported republishing via a JavaScript and/or REST API, so the content could be used elsewhere. All in all, it was a useful, simple product. The problem was that ideas (or even finished products) don't mean anything if you can't get some early, paying clients. We had a co-founder who had lots of connections to social-media executives, but he just couldn't sell. The software (native and web versions) now exist only as private repos on Github. Saw a loading animation for 5 seconds and almost left. There's no reason for a static/informational landing page to have a loading animation. Your assets aren't massive except for this one: http://travelbutler.net/images/bg-2.png You should make that a JPEG and play with the quality level. You could probably get that down to a few hundred KB. Wow. My foot is in my mouth. I absolutely love this tool! (Should have guessed how your algorithm works based on the "companies you want to be like" section...) Definitely sharing this! Love the instant functionality. I immediately bookmarked it. I absolutely hate the design though. I almost left the page before trying it because the design is so hard to look at. It literally hurts my eyes. Use lower-contrast colors, and probably not a dark background. Why? You're like one of those people who still uses Windows XP. Spend $100 and get a device that runs something released in the last SIX years. Chart.js is not being actively developed or patched. Dealbreaker. You're right about the release date. Not sure why I thought 2008. Like XP, Gingerbread has unpatched security vulnerabilities. Having a mobile phone with up-to-date security is well worth spending $99 (for a Moto G, for example). I get that not everyone can afford something like that, but it's like car insurance. You absolutely can't afford to have your identity stolen. Ok, something is happening now. But as you can see from the graph[1], nothing was really happening for a long time. I was following several issues that the author wasn't even responding to, even though many people were asking after it. Around 25% of the issues are a year old, and many more are 8+ months old. Finally, someone made a fork of the project with a lot of the requests that people were making. A "people's fork" wouldn't have been created if it were sufficiently active. [1] https://github.com/nnnick/Chart.js/graphs/contributors Great project. Would be nice to show/tell us more about it before making us click "Explore". Most people won't give you the courtesy of that first click, and you deserve it! Not to change topics, but FINALLY a note of sanity in the cacophony of JS framework fandom! Could you tell me what you recommend? What I find is that each framework works really well for about 80% of a project, and then the last 20% get really painful. I haven't found anything that's elegant, flexible, simple, and native. I'm going to give you some tough love here. I'm doing it because others have done it for me, and it's been some of the most useful feedback I've gotten. Sugarcoating things does nothing for anyone. 1) Your landing page does not make it at all obvious what Rakable actually does. I already share links privately (via SMS, email, and Facebook, mostly). It's not that efficient, but it's usually about two clicks. I could install plugins to my browser to make it fewer clicks, but I haven't because I just don't care enough. Your landing page should tell people how Rakable helps them do something they've already been doing, but does it better. It also needs to be very clear whether the other party must be a Rakable user in order to receive your links. If they must, then that's a dealbreaker. 100% of my friends are reachable via SMS and email, and close to 100% are reachable via Facebook. If Rakable starts out reaching 0% of them, it's not usable. Even if it gets to 90%, it's still not that usable. 2) The "dearth" that you speak of doesn't actually exist[1]. In fact, I'd say there's a glut of services that allow you to privately share links. Many social bookmarking services offer(ed) this feature. In fact, "social bookmarking startup" became something of a joke a few years ago, much like "photo-sharing app" and "daily deals with a twist" and "Facebook killer". There were just so many pitches and so many indistinguishable startups in those categories that they've become tropes. Some of the entrants in those areas failed because they were poorly executed, but some of them failed because users just don't want them that badly. Just because a hundred million people want something doesn't mean it's a sustainable business -- they need to want it badly enough to allow you to monetize it. And if you're not seeing a successful [insert startup category here], it's probably because the idea is bad or unworkable, not because no one else has tried to do it. The question is, what exactly does Rakable do? I'm not going to sign up just to find out. You should tell me on the front page. Does it organize the links I send to others, so they can log in and see all the links I've send them? Or so that I can refer back to them? How is it different from any messaging service? 3) It's often better to start out by piggybacking on existing channels rather than creating your own. Have you considered creating a Gmail plugin or Facebook app that would scour your messages and organize your links by whom you sent them to and when you sent them? The cost of user acquisition is just massive, so it's better to have some kind of "secret sauce" that makes it easier for you. And when I say cost, I do mean cost. Lots and lots of money. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_bookmarking#History Before git-based package managers became the norm, it wasn't uncommon to track/update dependencies manually using command-line git. Also "using" a third-party library hopefully results in finding bugs, fixing them, and submitting a pull request to the project. This is neither "new" nor "fantasy sports". Weekly picks have been around for decades. You're just creating a place to track them. The "fantasy" part is choosing a team comprised of what you hope are the best players in the league. Also, don't review your own app. It looks desperate. I disagree. I clicked this because I find apps made by people younger than 26 to be interesting. Before people have been in the business world for a few years, they're a lot more naive and idealistic. Usually, that makes their products either terrible or fantastic (much more commonly terrible). What's the benefit of knowing what your competitor is A/B testing? > 2. Download the library using a web browser, and just put it where it needs to be. That might work for certain projects, but let's say you're using 10 third-party libraries. If they're under active development, you can expect at least a few security updates between the time you first import them and the time you ship your own product. It's not very practical (especially for a programmer!) to keep manually checking your dependencies' product pages for updates. > When did using git-based package managers become the norm? I'm a web developer, so my response was hastily written thinking about my own narrow scope. I'm sure that non-web developers can go their whole lives without interacting with git, but it's impossible for web developers. Npm (Node), Composer (PHP), and Bower (web) package managers all use git (and often GitHub itself) pretty religiously. I know that one or more of those may support other VCS repos, but git is the de facto flavor. > Are you saying you normally update your third-party libs with the latest from HEAD instead of using versioned release artifacts? Not exactly. First of all, that's what I _used_ to do before every language had its own package manager. Second, I do use versioned releases. However, I use the tagged versions that are determined by the author(s) of the library. I'm not just pulling down a bleeding-edge, un-tested library, and I don't get every single commit. It would be nice if there were a drop-in, pass-through replacement for Taxa to use in production environments. It might even just be a configuration flag: t(true) or t(false), for example. That way, while debugging, I could use Taxa's type-checking. Then by changing one line or setting the flag differently, I could disable it in production. If you go into this much minute detail (and spend time doing it) to calculate equity, you already have some big problems: 1. Prioritization -- 0.0002% of the company doesn't mean anything if you don't make any money 2. Trust -- you shouldn't need to track the time of co-founders (can't emphasize this one enough) 3. Selfishness -- unless you're building the product or making it substantially cheaper to acquire customers, your time isn't that valuable (in other words, be realistic) This seems like a tool for people who think they're going to get into Facebook- or Snapchat-sized disputes about tiny percentages of equity. You're not the next Mark Zuckerberg (and that's ok) and you don't need to worry this much about equity. Just build your product and get people to use it. Everything else is secondary. Why would I use this? (Not saying I wouldn't, just want to know why you built it and why I should use it instead of an existing service.) The benefit of Bitly is that users recognize the link. It doesn't make them feel like they're about to get a virus. Furthermore, Bitly has lots of nice features and actively fights malicious links. So the truth is, users actually can trust Bitly links a bit more than a service that just started up. No I looked at the site for a split second (not even long enough to see any text) and closed it. Why? Because it's default Bootstrap. Whether it's true or not, that makes me believe that the product is half-baked and just released. I want to use something that at least pretends to be mature. Get over to Fiverr and spend a few hundred bucks on a design that at least looks like you've been around for more than a week. Why CLI? CLI is not "faster than everything else". In some cases it's faster, and in some cases it isn't, especially if a GUI alternative is well-designed. I asked the question because invoicing (and exploring/updating databases in general) is something that is always slower via CLI vs GUI. I know there are CLI hipsters out there that think that typing long commands in a terminal is somehow cooler or more pure or whatever, but sometimes GUI is just faster. In this case, if you're someone who lives in a terminal, maybe the effort of switching out to a browser is painful for you. I don't really understand that use case, but it's certainly possible. The purpose of my question was more along the lines of, "Is this a CLI tool because you want the API to use elsewhere? Because you want to script certain repetitive tasks? Or because you just don't like switching out to a browser?" Cool project. Unbearable background music. My speakers were pretty low and it still hurt my ears (literally -- not complaining based on taste). I keep about a dozen personal, non-critical projects in Dropbox. All are versioned with git, and it works great. Dropbox itself is versioned (since I'm a paying subscriber), so I have two layers of security there. What negative experiences have you had with Dropbox + VCS? Why? Security? Something else? I have 2+ side projects or submodules under development at any given time. I've been storing them in Dropbox for the last 3 years. I've been working on them actively from 3 different machines (two Ubuntu desktops and one OS X laptop), and they're turned off -- so not syncing -- when I'm not using them. All that said, I haven't had one single problem. So empirically speaking, I don't see any problem with the mechanics of .git folders in Dropbox. (Note that my key files, API keys, etc. are not synced to Dropbox.) I can't speak for before I started using Dropbox with git, but for the past 3 years, conflicts are handled well (and not as you describe). First of all, Dropbox will not overwrite data. If it finds a conflict, it will save a second file with "[machine name]'s Conflicted Copy" and the modification date at the end. This hasn't happened to me with any git files yet, however, because my machines are always online. That means my working tree is always the same across devices and my .git folder is always identical. The only way a conflict would be created is if I committed while working offline and then committed on another machine while working offline. If that happens, I could just grep my Dropbox folder for files with "conflicted" in the name and remove them. Or, because I committed my files to a remote (often Github, but sometimes others), I could just delete the local copy and clone. Love the design, as well as the idea of a simpler JIRA. I love what Atlassian has done with JIRA in the last few years (better design, much easier to use, much less buggy), but it's often too complicated and too expensive for the vast majority of use cases. This is great. jQuery is way too heavy for many of the small projects I work on. What are your plans for browser support? This whole discussion made me curious, so I tested it. Dropbox doesn't rename files. It creates new files . All you have to do is delete the new files (which are really "forks" of your current data) and you have your working tree synced with your data store again. It's really easy. So this is for me to meet up with friends, right? Not strangers? I really, really wish my friends would use something like this, but they won't. It's been a struggle over the course of 2 years to get them all on Venmo. P2P payments are a no-brainer and even life-changing, but they were just too lazy. And as of now, I have about 1/3 of them on Hangouts instead of SMS. Things like this are great, but even young, relatively tech-friendly people are too set in their ways. My friend just tried Bellhops. Her experience was bad. The movers were clearly not professionals, so even though their hourly rate was low, they were more expensive than a local moving service. The takeaway is this: be like Uber by having aggressive, two-way ratings (clients rate movers; movers rate clients) and be willing to blacklist people who abuse the service or fail to provide a good customer experience. This is just a spam network. I despise stuff like this. I hope you fail. I know your customers will. Why assume the worst about Slack just because some other companies have handled disclosures badly? Real people work at Slack, and very few of them were likely responsible for this oversight. OP could still pat him/herself on the back after disclosing and waiting for a fix. Neither Skype nor Hangouts are intended to compete with Slack. They're consumer products, while Slack is intended for business teams. You're right. So what? There are many businesses that still use Excel as their CRM software, even though there are purpose-built apps that work better. My point is that Slack, Hipchat, and others are specifically targeting businesses. Having an API with integrations to other software (CRMs, issue trackers, PM, etc.) is one huge advantage over Skype, just as an example. "Plaything" is generous. A yacht is a plaything (and far more functional). An expensive watch is a status symbol -- the "classy" way of wearing a sign that says, "I can burn [thousands/millions] on something pointless. That's how rich I am." I have a lot of thoughts on this, but you should take my thoughts (and others on HN) with a grain of salt. This is a very specific community, and we aren't representative of your target market. My recommendation would be to put together a focus group. Don't compensate them, and don't run the focus group yourself. If you compensate them, they'll feel like they can't criticize the product. Same situation if they think the people running the focus group could have their feelings hurt. My thoughts: 1. The branding needs a lot of work. Is the product called Living Plug or INLET? Why can't the company and the product be called the same thing? (I like the name Living Plug a lot, by the way.) Also, the content on the site is confusing. You're listing too many benefits, and you're often doing it with too many smashed up bits of text with different amounts of fading. It's hard to read and overwhelming. Spend a few hundred bucks on a SEO expert (a real one, not a glorified WordPress jockey) and turn your images into text and get the copy right. 2. The price is way too high. The product is essentially a large splitter with a USB port, which you can buy at Target for $3. True that yours has the faceplate and "off" button (more on those later), but it's still a huge price difference for something no one needs. 3. The faceplates are good and, in my opinion, the biggest selling point. Outlets are kind of ugly, when you think about it. The "off" switch to avoid vampire charges is not useful. I'd call it an anti-feature. No one is going to hit a switch whenever they want to use an outlet. Outlets are often in hard-to-reach places (behind tables, near the ground, etc.) Compared to, say, lowering A/C or heating bills, the benefit here is tiny compared to the amount of extra annoyance. If you think I'm wrong, give a few people free INLETs and ask them in 2 months how much they care about each feature. If you can take a feature or two out and decrease the price, you'll be in better shape. 4. Don't pitch the child-safety angle unless you have proof that it works. Even then, say "safer" rather than "safety". Otherwise, you're opening yourself up to a lawsuit. Many children will not be stopped by the socket facing another direction. The only safe socket for a child is one that is completely inaccessible. 5. Sell this on Amazon and other places where you'll get social exposure. Ideally, you could sell it to Target, Best Buy, or some other such retailer. I know it's expensive to put products on grocery store shelves, but I have no idea about other retailers. 6. If you aren't internet marketers, you may get to the point where you can't make the business work for you. If that happens, you should be aware of sites like Flippa.com that will allow you to sell the whole business. Rankings are based on landing "desirable" jobs. "Desirable" is so subjective as to make these rankings meaningless. They might consider a job of Google or Microsoft to be desirable, but many developers like startups and would disagree (and vice-versa). If you want a good software job, zealously write software for free and for fun, put it on Github, and look around. It's not hard to find the first rung of the ladder, and from there it's easy to move into roles that are more and more desirable for you. You're looking at it from a different angle than I was. You're saying that, as a financial decision, spending $2.75M isn't necessarily stupid because $2.75M is peanuts to some people. I agree, though it depends on their goals. If they want to make more money, it's obviously a poor decision. If they want to look like a vain, wealthy, frivolous person, then it's a great decision. My comment was from the angle of whether I think someone who would spend $2.75M on a watch is A) cool, B) a good person, or C) a good decision maker. Related to all of those aspects, I consider "looking like a rich person" to be an incredibly sad, ridiculous goal, especially when $2.75M could be used for such interesting, useful things (both selfish and unselfish). And, of course, it's not 100% relative because goods/services cost absolute amounts of money. Fifty dollars is equivalent to, let's say, 10 hamburgers, and $2.75M is equivalent to 550,000 hamburgers. Put that into any other unit you want to (charitable donations, vacations, houses, massages, political contributions, art, etc.). The point is that throwing away $2.75M on something frivolous is far different from throwing away $50, no matter how much money you make. It's pretty new. I'd imagine they'll use it when it makes their code easier to maintain and more stable. That's probably not the case yet. The "easier to maintain" part is especially tricky, because it requires many people to already know Go when they join a product team (since we're comparing it to other languages that most devs would know). Zappos and Newegg are not similar enough for them to be slapped together like that, unless you just mean "successful specialty retailer"... Otherwise, what makes you like them? Zappos has a bold, trusting, happiness-oriented company culture. Other than that, they're just a retailer. Is your culture like theirs? Newegg became successful due to expert product reviews, great customer service, and a wide range of inexpensive products. Is that what you're emulating? That's assuming that it holds its value and that everyone agrees on that value. I would argue that it's a terrible way to store value because very few humans in the world would buy a watch (or ANYTHING) that expensive. It's one of the least liquid assets you can own, certainly less liquid than a car of the same price. Oil or copper, by contrast, are useful in and of themselves and will continue to be valuable to human societies for many decades. You can also trade them electronically, which makes them portable. If you can't trade those things electronically, the world has fallen apart so completely that you're pretty screwed anyway. It would be complete and utter chaos, and on one would be buying your watch. This was all over Facebook. Still not sure what's interesting about it, especially because this was obviously a premeditated PR move. She isn't a good actress. I have speakers and a 3.5mm audio cable. These things together cost me $10. If you throw my phone into the mix, I have all the hardware of Prizm. This should have been an app (not that I'd use it either way). We need to know what you're trying to build to give you a good answer. Like CmonDev, I'm wondering why you chose this stack. If time is an issue, I'd suggest using a stack you've already mastered, even if it isn't fashionable. As long as it's not something weird, you'll be able to find other people who can work on it with you (and Java isn't weird). Node is commonly used in hybrid stacks where the backend is initially written in something like Python, and then the REST API is written in Node to speed up requests. That takes advantage of Python's strengths and Node's strengths. Also, the question of "how strong/versatile/useful is this foundation" is a really hard one to answer without real-world trials, and those take lots of time. I'd suggest finding someone who has written a framework using the stack of your choice and piggyback on their work. No sense reinventing the wheel. Why? I like this and bookmarked it, but I have to say that the extended "atom" metaphor is kind of confusing. "Atoms" are already called elements. "Molecules" are called many things (components, widgets, templates, etc.). And most baffling of all, you're calling apps "organisms"? I totally get the end-to-end branding thing, and I even like it when it's done simply (e.g. "Droplets" on Digital Ocean). But in principle, all it's doing is forcing us to learn a new language that isn't adding anything to our understanding or simplifying anything -- all it's doing is maybe, slightly strengthening your brand. I disagree with your premises as well as your argument. WhatsApp, Instagram, and SnapChat are valuable because they have users. There are a million ways to monetize users once you have them, but it's hard to get them. Google, Facebook, and others are large, humming machines that squeeze money out of users, but WhatsApp, Instagram, and SnapChat are not. The latter three companies are valuable because they can be fed into the larger machines that already figured out how to monetize. Unrelated: Uber certainly is a threat to a lot of companies (USPS, Zifty, DHL), but I can't see the Google connection. In fact, Uber and Google recently became partners. If anything, Google is a massive, existential threat to Uber because it's working to perfect self-driving cars. If VCs lose all their money, it won't be anything new. Only a tiny fraction of VCs provide a return, after you take out the managers' fees. Large firms pump money into VCs almost charitably or as a PR thing -- they rarely expect much out of it, and their portfolios certainly aren't made or broken by their VC bets. Seems s/he's saying that wealthy Chinese people are buying property on the West Coast of the US. If their market crashes and individual wealth drops, they wouldn't be able to pay their mortgages, which I guess would be a problem for lenders in the US? Lots of leaps here, but I can see a connection if his/her facts are right. 1) I actually think self-driving cars are moving faster than expected. Ten years is still a pretty reasonable guess, considering the pace of governments and the auto industry, but we're closer than I thought we'd be by now. 2) Uber will use self-driving cars, probably exclusively as soon as it's legal. Uber wants to be the internet of the physical world. With the internet, information could travel anywhere with the tap of a finger. Uber wants the same reduction of friction for objects and people. The problem for Uber is it's already easy to poach drivers from Uber. Drivers don't care if they drive for Lyft or Uber because the payouts are pretty similar. I've met drivers who switched between both. When cars drive themselves, Uber will have to become even more competitive to stay on top. The cost of building an Uber-like fleet will be no more than buying the hardware. Remember how hosting companies proliferated in the 90s and early 00s? Until AWS and similar PaaS options, the hosting space was incredibly fragmented, and the margins were awful. That's what Uber has on the horizon. The title of this is "0 most creative 404 pages", so I thought I'd click on it and get a 404 page. Alas. It was a typo and not a terrible joke. Love creative 404s though! We have LaserShip in the US, and they're also terrible (but not crowdsourced). I asked because the problem with the Node community is that everyone creates a new framework instead of using/improving what already exists. You don't seem to have a good reason for creating a new framework, other than not knowing about the other tools or understanding the reasoning for the decisions they've made. There are tons of absolutely excellent, battle-tested Node frameworks that do all the things you want coServ to do, and they've been around for a long time now. Express[1] is hugely popular, and it even forms the basis of other frameworks (like Sails[2]). And, regarding your slide: Node doesn't need its own Rails because it isn't often used the same way Ruby is. When you do want to create a Rails-like project, you can easily start out with Express, Tower[3], Geddy[4], or Sails. You just add components as you go using npm. Need ORM? Just plug it in. With your own framework, you're not going to have nearly as many users. That means it won't be tested, hardened, and improved as much as the existing, popular frameworks. It also means that people who inherit your code will have to learn yet another framework to figure out how to maintain it. Side note: creating dynamic HTML/CSS/JS with JavaScript isn't a good idea because it isn't portable and encourages mixing of intents. If you use Jade[5], SCSS (which you seem not to like for some reason), or LESS[6], you can reuse the views with pretty much any other server-side language. 1. http://expressjs.com 2. http://sailsjs.org 3. http://tower.github.io 4. http://geddyjs.org 5. http://jade-lang.com 6. http://lesscss.org > Do you think learning a new stack because of a fashion is valid reason ? Yes! > so back-end is going to be a REST Api with ASP.Net Web Api secured with OWIN/Katana REST APIs are what Node is best at! You should definitely at least try to write your API in Node. > I slightly disagree your find an existing framework and continue approach. Because in my opinion if i code everything i will learn more You will learn more if you code everything, but you're also not learning from the wisdom of the community. Node is used in a very different way from ASP.NET, Python, PHP, etc. You should learn "the Node way". It's always better to learn how each language does things rather than trying to recreate another environment that you're already used to. Since this is just for the presentation layer, your Node code would be absolutely tiny -- you're not going to learn very much anyway. I'd suggest using Express. Most Node servers, especially small ones, are based on Express anyway. You promise to left-hook our businesses before the market does. How valuable is a left-hook that doesn't come from customers? One person doesn't know what the market wants before the market tells them. Even Steve Jobs, considered the king of knowing what the market wants without asking them, failed miserably at that game for years. VCs also constantly fail at it, even though it's their professional. This is essentially a pre-Lean pitch. Pass. Questions: 1) Is this feature-complete and stable? 2) How do you do inheritance safely in compiled JS? Because of the way prototyping and scoping are handled in JS, I'm curious how a large, object-oriented structure would perform when compiled to JS. I already agreed that, depending on the goal, it's a good decision. Sure, craftsmanship could be their reason. I find it unlikely that there aren't any $100k watches that approach the quality or aesthetic appeal, but it's certainly possible. It's not just that the watch is $2.75M. It's just that the markup is so high. It's being sold for that price just to sell it for that price. It's not like paying for the construction of a $2.75M house, which might cost nearly that much to build. And as far as conforming to my value system, I acknowledged that there was subjectivity in my reaction. But I don't have any problem with that. I also wouldn't mind including my own subjective morality when criticizing Bernie Madoff or John Wayne Gacy. Value systems may be individual and entirely relative, but our society has agreed on some useful tenets that I happily subscribe to (don't harm others, don't be greedy, etc.) I think it's fine that you're using Go. Lots of developers use it personally and would like to use it professionally, so you're going to have an advantage when hiring. However, I'll say that some of your "cons" of using Go are pretty huge cons that all add up to lots of lost time: - "not as many libraries" is a huge time waster because you'll be writing lots of libs that exist in mature alternatives like Python. It's generally preferable for your coding time to be as specific to the project as possible. In Node, for example, 90%+ of my code is not reusable in other projects because there are so many libraries available. - "none of us is a seasoned Go developer" is again a big time suck. I think it's really cool that your team is learning Go professionally, but it's going to make you slower. - "migrating our early prototype to Go" seems painful. But considering there are two Tisch's on your team, I'm guessing funding (and therefore time) are not a huge problem for you. I can certainly see the appeal of being to Go what Twitter was to Scala, except much earlier and more cheaply. Anyway, I like Go and am looking forward to seeing what you guys put up on Github! I have several friends who work for recruiting/staffing companies. They're all dying for IT, especially developers. Give a few staffing firms a call and leave them your resume. Don't take anything until you get at least $80k. Future employers won't know how little you're being paid. They'll see that you took on increased responsibility and assume you were making a lot more. There are way more jobs in your industry here, partially because the US is so much bigger than the UK. If you can't find a job in the UK, don't rule out staying until you can become more confident and desirable. He says at the end that he's no longer in the target audience for a Mac Pro. He then lists "not a lot of people" who are, but only one of the bullets -- video editors -- really makes sense. All the other needs are met by much cheaper and less powerful machines. If you're talking about Github code, why not talk publicly? If you're not talking about Github code, why talk on Github? I'd say LepriconSoft's UnicornOS is actually Windows 8.1, as strange/infuriating as that's going to sound to many HN readers. I used Xubuntu or Fedora (dev), Windows 7 (Office), and OS X (XCode) for hours every day for years. I had two self-built machines running Linux, a laptop and a self-built machine running Win 7, and OS X running on a Mac Mini and later a MBA. Since then, I've also had another desktop and a laptop running Win 7 and Win 8 (though enough coworkers use GDocs now that I've stopped using Windows at all). Both Linux distros and all OS X versions (from Snow Leopard to Mavericks) have crashed countless times on me. How much they crashed has varied a lot between setups. Windows hasn't crashed for me (or any of my friends or relatives for whom I'm their IT guy) since Vista came out. It's also never crashed on my old Mac Mini, which is my HTPC setup now. Whatever you think about the finished products or companies behind them, it's really just a matter of testing and incentives. Windows 8 was tested for 1.2 billion hours before it was released, for example. Microsoft can do things slowly, but when they release something, it has to be rock-solid for their enterprise customers. OS X, for Apple, isn't a moneymaker and its stability/security obviously isn't much of a priority. They didn't even give it a significant design refresh in years. That's how little they care about it. The latest version of Ubuntu's desktop edition will ship with at least one head-slapping, show-stopping bug, even though it has a company backing it. Seems like it just means it's not solving an urgent-enough pain point. Marketing consumer apps is REALLY hard. I can't possibly overstate that. It's expensive as hell and requires a lot of hustle on your part. The reason it's so hard is that consumers don't want to download apps and rarely do. So asking consumers to just download and try your app is hard enough, but you're actually asking them to pay for it ahead a time. That's a tall order. I'll also give you some more honest feedback than others seem to have been. It's a great design and idea, but it's almost impossible to get people to create a new habit. If people weren't already tracking their baby's every move, they're not going to start doing it now unless the benefit is really, really clear. A good example is fitness/calorie tracking. That's something that a pretty large percentage of people bounce off of, and the reward is feeling better, living longer, and looking better. That's a pretty big reward, and it's still not an easy thing to get people to do. (Though I should note that people have actually been doing that activity for a long time.) So this is a really steep hill for you to climb, and it may not be monetizable in the end. That's ok, though, because you're done a fantastic job so far and will always be able to point to this product to show that you can execute. That's really valuable for the rest of your career. My suggestion, which a VC gave me years ago, is to choose metrics for success (number active users, dollars made, etc.) and choose a target date. If you don't hit a goal for those metrics by that date, walk away from the project. If you don't have a concrete way to cut yourself off, you'll allow hope to string you along forever. Trust me, I've been there more than once! I think it would be awesome/helpful if you and your wife explained exactly why you wouldn't use it (with brutal honesty) and what would have to change for you to want to use it. Uber for movers You're a SEO expert, yet your website design is very... basic... and your Evolvement site took literally 20 seconds to load. If this link was an attempt at drumming up some business, I'd suggest taking a look at those items. If you were trying to get inbound links, I guess that's a huge fail anyway since the links are nofollow'd here. What kind of software do you want to develop? If you want to learn how to build end-to-end products right away, you should (in general) look for smaller companies. My friends at larger firms (Activision, Yahoo, Google, Microsoft) never write anything larger than a module or widget in their official capacities. Any bigger things they do are on their own. That said, you should write the kind of software you want to write in your spare time, regardless of where you work. If you run into a snag, you'll be able to ask for help online as well as among your colleagues. They're not going to frown on you coding in your spare time, and they won't be upset if you ask them questions. I've led the development teams (ranging in size from 2 to 10) of 3 startups, and I'm still leading the third. A smart CTO or senior dev won't hire a junior dev unless there's time to mentor. In a small company, you have to spend time getting a new hire up-to-speed anyway. If you're moving fast, your code is going to have some weird/kludge-y parts to it, and it's going to take time to explain that to someone. In addition, most developers who've been at it for a while are very confident (you might even say dogmatic) about The Way Things Should Be Done. They'll want you to do things the same way. That sounds bad, but honestly it's a great way to learn the pros and cons of different ways of doing things. All that said, every company is different. Try something out, and if it doesn't work for you, you'll do something different in a year. Even jobs that are a bad fit are great experience. It's all about discipline. You have to commit to one thing at a time, prove that it works or doesn't, and then move on. If you're changing ideas, it should be because your clients told you the idea you're focusing on wasn't going to work. Whether that happens before or after you create the prototype is just a matter of how honest you can get your audience to be. I've seen far more companies fail at this than succeed. In my limited experience, it's what defines a successful founder: the ability to have laser focus, execute, and then know when to move to the next thing. Too early and an opportunity is lost, and too late and time is lost. Unfortunately, no amount of advice can prepare you for knowing the right moment. A lot of it is luck (despite what anyone tells you), and the rest of it is just going to depend on the context. There are very few generalizations you can make about it. I know that wasn't very helpful, but you're basically asking us to unlock one of the things that every entrepreneur is trying to unlock. I don't currently know of a magic key. Funding is not success. I think everyone else's criticism of this idea is that it can't really be guaranteed, can it? In my opinion, allowing HN readers to make comments disappear just because they disagree with them is a bad idea. It's throwing the baby out with the bathwater. It'll end up offending and driving away people with interesting ideas. What'll be left is a concentrated core of people who are hostile to differing ideas and, effectively, learning. The word innovation has been rendered essentially meaningless, but that's what's at stake: the most innovative ideas (the baby) along with the most asinine (the bathwater). Comments should only disappear if they don't contribute to discourse (e.g. spammy, violent, etc.) This is way too broad. For what kind of code? I was referring to the experiment (switching to [dead] status). I don't think fading out is a big deal. My friend is a composer and has done work for a bunch of movies and games. If you give me your email/Twitter/Skype/whatever, I'll send you his contact info. He work is really good, but it's affordable. This reminds me of a recent criticism I read about Techstars. The argument was that if you can get into Techstars, you didn't need Techstars. (The premise there is that Techstars uses accurate, meritocratic criteria for selecting companies, which is obviously false, as it is for all human-based selection processes.) In my opinion, the best possible scenario for accelerators is to identify/fund companies that have the following 3 characteristics: 1) Few social advantages (lacking experience, connections, etc.) 2) Will require VC because it's impossible or counterproductive for them to reach profitability quickly (Facebooks and Ubers of the world) 3) Can't go without a paycheck for 12+ months My first reaction to this was: you can't put "how to" in front of that. A lot of it is trial-and-error, timing (luck), and unfair advantages (luck). If there were a simple formula, VCs would be starting businesses themselves (or paying people to do it) rather than rolling dice on startups. My next reaction: anyone who recommends "The 4 Hour Work Week" is not worth listening to. > Three minutes of fulmination, no technical detail, no actual argument Welcome to CNN. Self-marketing suggestions: - Boil down your copy. A lot of people won't get through this much text. Figure out what you're good at and focus on it. Don't mention spreadsheets. This looks like you pasted your resume, and resumes suck at getting attention, holding attention, and making you stand out. They're a terrible marketing tool. - Take out the jargon. Use real, human language, especially somewhere like HN. (Side note: I can't imagine what "best practices" for QAing video products might be or why I need them. Try to be specific and concrete.) - Tell us what your skills are. What can my company do with you on the team that it can't do now? Tell us about what other companies have accomplished that were only possible because of you. If you can't do that, you're not a superhero, and you should change your pitch. - Appeal to our problems. A pitch for an interview isn't about you. It's about us. Tell us what problems you'll solve for us. A lot of people on here feel like marketing is fluffy, time-wasting, and difficult. Tell them how you're going to make those feelings go away and decrease their costs of customer acquisition. - Finally, be very persistent (you may already be doing this). You often feel totally hopeless right before you find something awesome. Always follow up after a rejection and find out why you didn't get the job, no matter how awkward or painful it's going to be. You'll never learn what to fix if you don't ask, and the interviewer will be impressed. This is a complicated issue, and no one can give you a concrete solution. A lot of business, especially startups, is flying by the seat of your pants. There simply isn't an answer out there, which is what makes it fun, in my opinion. (Full disclosure: I skimmed your post, but the advice I'll give you is universal.) - Look for someone mature and experienced. You said you gravitated to the college student. I strongly recommend against that. You want someone who has built a ton of products like yours before and can iterate fast. You also want someone with real success stories on their resume who can act as a strong source of wisdom. Always try to partner with someone from whom you can learn a lot. - Having lots of time is incredibly important. If your product isn't her top priority, your CTO is going to become your bottleneck. You want someone who can go without a salary until you (ideally) make money or (less ideally) raise money. - This is minor, but stop calling the person a CTO. Until you have lots of employees, you're not chiefs of anything. You're looking for a technical partner or technical co-founder. - What is your product? Come up with a vision and plan for MVP, and then recruit a technical co-founder. A lot of the best technical people are drawn to the vision, as well as access to an interesting market. They don't care much about money. If they wanted it that much, they'd work for one of the large tech companies. If you want to get something done, make progress every day. If working part-time with these A people is fast enough to do what you want, then you don't need a technical co-founder. If it's not, then don't wait for them to quit their jobs. If the timing is right sometime in the future, great! If not, don't let them be a bottleneck for you. The recipe for finding a great co-founder is this: perfect timing + passion + skill set. Skills are the least important. You only need your technical co-founder to be good enough to help you make your first sale. After that, hopefully you'll be making enough revenue to take you to profitability. If not, you can try to raise money. So how do you find the timing/passion parts? This is where luck comes in. You can make your own luck by meeting lots and lots of people. You should network like crazy. The best networking is offering to help people without any expectation of something in return. The more people in the world who owe you a favor, the better. You should tell everyone about your ideas. They'll tell friends whom they think might be interested. Word will get around. Don't be scared to share your ideas with anyone/everyone. There's a lot to this, to be honest. I think if you spend time in the Bay Area, you'll drastically improve your chances of finding a co-founder. It also helps to be tackling a big, sexy issue that makes potential partners drool (e.g. transportation, education, etc.) There are also some accelerators where you come in without an idea. You meet the other people, get some money, and then form teams to create products. Since money is not much of an issue for you AND you've been successful in the past, one of those programs would be perfect for you. You might want to hop onto Clarity or something and have a conversation with a Silicon Valley expert/VC about this. I'm not the best person to suggest concrete steps because your path is so different from mine. For hashing passwords, you want something slow, not fast. It's sadly common for inexperienced devs to use MD5 and call it a day (if they hash at all). I just wanted to point out that, for situations where user input and security are important, you want the algorithm to be slow. I didn't say anything about how to implement it or whether you should use BLAKE2 or what. There's a lot more to it than I could put in a reply here, and even quick Googling would turn up info about salting/iterating/etc. > Minor note: a version of Windows that does not have this problem has been available for about 7 or 8 years, so pleeeease upgrade. :) Get local newspapers, radio stations, and evening news to cover it. Post on craigslist. Do things that don't scale (talk to people at bars or on the street, post flyers around town, etc.) My experience with MeetUp was that all social meetups were single men looking for women. It made for some very creepy gatherings, and my friends and I gave up on MeetUp permanently as a result. If you can solve that problem (have good gender balance and prevent creepy people from showing up), you'll be a lot more likely to succeed. "Too complicated" is a huge issue in the real world. It makes code hard to maintain, hard to pass off to others, and hard to reason about. That's the main issue with Angular: it's hard to reason about the code, and it frequently violates the principle of least astonishment. > When looking at the answers, on average, the Laravel community seems to mostly favor the ease of entry – virtually no learning curve. I wholeheartedly disagree. That's the problem with Laravel. It creates new ways and new syntax for every little thing. It recreates features that PHP already has, which makes things more complicated and less readable. Zend is absolute garbage, but most of the other popular PHP frameworks are fine. In fact, a lot of the value of any particular framework is how many other people use it. But Laravel does have a big learning curve because it is so opinionated and reinvents so many wheels. For experienced devs starting new projects, I'd suggest hooking libraries together using Composer. For experienced devs with enough time on their hands, I'd suggest moving on to something else (I'm most excited about Hack, but Python is more mature). > access to a large number of ... rich people That's kind of the heart of it for a lot of people. Say you're a young engineer with a great idea. Now what? You don't have the experience or connections to build your company, so you absolutely need to raise money. That kind of money may exist elsewhere, but only as a fraction of the SF money. "Silicon Alley" talks a big game, but their numbers aren't even close (especially when you talk about exits). I personally strongly support living in an affordable city that gives you great access to your customers. Bootstrap something that has the potential for early revenue. Fail fast or succeed, and then, when you're post-exit someday, do your Next Big Thing in SF. I agree. It's shorthand for people who have heard/read the longer version. You're not going to walk up to a high-school student, say, "Fail fast!", and then walk away. I try to be polite and respectful when I disagree on HN, but you are honestly an ass. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt that you're just ignorant and not an idiot. When you asked for a "reason" for depression, you clearly implied a human cause. You may even have implied that he just "felt bad" about something that happened to him. That is wrong to the point of being offensive. You wouldn't say, "Why did he get brain cancer?" or "Why does she have Parkinson's?" Depression is an illness. It's not considered curable, though it is highly treatable for some people. And the curability of something doesn't dictate a "reason" or lack of one. Illness is often senseless and random, especially something with a genetic factor such as depression. If their candidates were underfunded and still won elections, it would disprove their hypothesis: that money strongly influences votes. With only $10M, you'd obviously expect their candidates to lose. Those candidates aren't pledging to refuse money because they had a lot of it to begin with. There aren't any mainstream, well-funded candidates taking that pledge. Startups are extremely risky. They're a terrible way to make a living, and they're an even worse way to get rich. For the vast, vast majority of people, I'd suggest not starting a startup at all. It's difficult, painful, tedious, and frustrating. It requires a huge amount of sacrifice. If you're determined to do it, the book Lean Startup lays out a good methodology for actually building your product and minimizing the cost of failure. It's not exactly a "start here" kind of book, though. There's a series that's been on HN recently called "How to Start a Startup" that you might want to check out. Regarding your question, "What if it goes to hell, and I'm left with nothing?" Chances are EXCELLENT that it will go to hell. If you can accept bankruptcy, that might not be an issue for you. If you have a day job that gives you lots of flexibility and extra time, you may be able to bootstrap something on the side. You'll need access to customers for quick revenue. A good rule of thumb is that, if you can't build it in a weekend and sell it to someone, you should look for something simpler and more needed by your target market. Note that when I say "access to customers", I mean intimate knowledge of those customers as well as personal connections. I've never worked on construction, so I wouldn't build a SaaS for construction foremen. Who are the smartest people in your network who would instantly understand the value of a new software product? Do they have a lot of money? Are they in industries where they adopt new technology quickly? To answer your question about where to begin: find a group that you know that struggles from a problem. Ask them about it. Then spend a weekend building something that solves their problem. Then ask them to pay for it. I've worked in restaurants. They're disgusting. If health inspectors could be flies on the wall, they'd give every restaurant an "F". What would happen when buying food from people who have zero regulation and are competing with each other to save on costs? When you increase competition, you create a race to the bottom. Price has to decrease or people go out of business, and they will end up cutting corners. By contrast, Uber is self-regulated. They have a lot of ways to keep drivers accountable (GPS, for example). With Airbnb, you might be put in a shitty place, but it's not going to make you sick if someone skimps on the quality. Food is totally different. Not only are you begging regulators to crack down on you and force your vendors to get food licenses, you're definitely putting customers at risk. Are you going to monitor the conditions of the home kitchens? Are you going to make sure there aren't any rats, or that food doesn't sit out in the "danger zone" of temperatures, or that they throw away expired food? Or that they don't store food in boxes on the floor? You can have ratings, but you can't always taste danger in your food. Many incidents of food poisoning happen after a perfectly enjoyable meal. I don't know about Canada, but in the US, you'd also be the delight of any lawsuit-happy lawyer. If you're advertising these services, making the connection, and taking a cut of the proceeds, you're going to be responsible for vetting the vendors. All of that in mind, you should already have an airtight liability-insurance policy. I have a friend who works at the American Cancer Society. They constantly have to refute the "[insert something here] causes cancer" myths. They do some pretty insanely large and in-depth studies on these things. They've even investigated the "your couch gives you cancer" myth. In the end, they say that smoking is by far the biggest risk factor for cancer. After that, there's a "three-legged stool" of obesity + sedentary lifestyle + poor diet, meaning those things compound one another. Genes also have a measurable influence on your likelihood of getting cancer. After that, very few things significantly increase your risk of cancer. A lot of it is just random. Most of the studies you see linking cancer to something are bullshit. My friend says you should be skeptical of anything shorter than 10 years and with fewer than 100,000 participants, and even then there are many other factors that go into gold-standard research. It honestly sounds like you have some anxiety issues that are interfering with your sleep. It may even be that you feel anxious about not sleeping (and therefore having a lethargic day), which keeps you up. You should certainly look into "sleep hygiene". If you religiously practice it, you may have better luck. Some of the recommendations are: no caffeine, no alcohol, get out of bed if you can't sleep, don't work in your bedroom, wake up at the same time every day. I can't remember the rest. I googled the Colorado law you mentioned [1]. It wouldn't apply for the use case mentioned by the OP. It seems to be restricted to food "products", like baked goods or pickles. It has a lot of other restrictions that would make it incompatible with the OP's service. I agree about the catering thing, but it doesn't seem like that's the core of their idea. [1] http://forrager.com/law/colorado/ They're chosen with the hope that their beliefs aren't going to change. That doesn't happen. Justices will tend to become more liberal over time [1]. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ideological_leanings_of_U.S._Su... I wish I could up-vote this a thousand times. I often tap things that are just rectangles and fail to realize that other rectangles are buttons. I can't wait for "everything is flat, two-tone, and rectangular" to be replaced by whatever the next trend is. Hopefully something more useful. Ironic note: the flat trend was really made mainstream by Microsoft when it released Windows Phone 7. Since you have 20 users, you should be able to sell your social network for 10 cents, maybe as much as 50 cents. But seriously, you're not selling a social network. You're selling an app. People buy users, not the underlying software of social networks. If you don't want to work on this anymore, just scrap it. Trademarks are useful. They let you know that you're buying from the person you intend to buy from. Imagine a world without trademarks. The US would be flooded with iPhone knockoffs, and all of them would be identical to iPhones. They'd have god-knows-what inside them, but they'd bear the Apple logo. Or, imagine you want to pay your American Express bill. Unfortunately, someone has bought AmericanExpress.card, and you get confused. You end up inputting your AmEx login info into a phishing site and give a hacker your personal data. In a world without trademarks, Apple and American Express wouldn't have the legal authority to pursue people that are imitating them. Re: A) You said either trademarks should go away or apple.gripe should become acceptable. Definitely a false dichotomy, but my comment was targeted at either/both of those possibilities. Re: B) I completely disagree. I frequently visit mail.google.com, and I trust that I'm not getting phished. I'm going purely on the basis of the URL there. I wouldn't feel the same way going to, say, mail.google.me. In order to trust a URL, you must be sure that your client system isn't compromised (and nothing in between). If it is, you're vulnerable to much worse than phishing. Phishing is likely unnecessary at that point. It has nothing to do with the URL being secure or insecure. Using web-enabled computers on a daily basis means that we're trusting our systems not to be infected by unknown/undetected malware. We don't have any alternative, so we take the risk. There are many ways to be slightly more certain that our DNS records haven't been tampered with nowadays, but we're still basically trusting hackable systems all the time. Why should I trust this company with my text messages? I use 2FA heavily (as everyone should), and having my SMS sync to an unknown cloud would be a security nightmare. That's like Toyota asking if the they should stop test-driving their cars. The software industry should be moving _toward_ dogfooding whenever possible, not away from it. In terms of testing, the best scenarios are, in order of preference: 1) Using your own product the way your customers do. 2) Testing your own product the way your customers do. 3) Testing your product without real-world data. 4) Not testing your product. You're proposing that we move down to #4. Taking your tests out of the end-user environment is no longer testing your product. The best-engineered technology rarely becomes the most popular. I think git has some huge problems, but now it's ubiquitous. Everyone has at least a basic knowledge of it, and that makes it the best technology. Switching to something else would be a step backward. > yet they all see negligible use. Evidence? Using my own anecdotal evidence, I strongly disagree. I checked volume for GUI-related keywords[1] against CLI-related keywords[2]. The GUI-related keywords get ~34,000 searches per month. The CLI-related keywords get ~4,500. My methodology and data aren't perfect, but it's something at least. Your premises are: - People use tools that are sufficiently simple. - People use git CLI instead of git GUIs. And your argument is: - Git CLI is sufficiently simple. Your first premise is just wrong. People use complicated things all the time because they don't know about simpler things. People also often think things are simple and then use them wrong. In my experience, a LOT of people use git wrong/dangerously. I've addressed your second premise above. There isn't (and may never be) good data there, though. [1] git gui; smartgit; git client; git tower; github gui; git frontend [2] git command; git "command line"; git cli It's better than SLoC, but it's still not good. Trying to quantify the quality of a code base is pointless, impossible, or both. Consider this. A perfect piece of code (from an engineering standpoint) has these characteristics: - Free of bugs (serves intended purpose) - Never needs to be modified - As short as above characteristics allow - As efficient as above characteristics allow If you make these assumptions, hits-of-code indicates poor quality. It shows that the coder introduced bugs, failed to foresee what the code would need to do, or just didn't write it concisely or efficiently enough. But because we'll always have to fix bugs and modify code, a more realistic set of characteristics is this: - Easy to fix bugs (readable, well-organized) - Easy to learn (see above) - Easy to make changes It's a completely different list, but hits-of-code still might indicate poor quality. It might mean that the coder is constantly refactoring, which means there will be more bugs and more learning time for other people working on the project. Or, it might mean that the coder is trying to expand the feature set of the code. If you subscribe to the Linux philosophy, the broader the scope of functionality, the worse the code will get. My point with all this is that "amount of effort" doesn't tell us anything about a code base. A great coder will do something in 10 commits that a terrible coder will do in 100. The best metric I can think of right now is "how many users are touching this code". That tells you how useful the code is and how much work it is saving people. That's the core purpose of software: doing some work to save a much larger amount of work in the future. How do we measure that instead? > In this case, hits-of-code can be used to predict project budget, schedule, etc. No, it can't, unless you're doing the same work over and over. The variable of "what is the code supposed to do?" completely eliminates the value of SLoC or HoC. If I learn my HoC metric for a payment module, that doesn't tell me a single thing about how much time or effort it would be to rewrite a messy controller or add an API call or build an invoice module. Not all evidence is useful to gather. This particular evidence is potentially damaging because it gives you an unrealistic basis for predictions. The Agile method for estimating scheduling works moderately well (breaking things up into small chunks). But Agile is based entirely on the idea that estimating a coding schedule is impossible. I personally have always used my gut to tell me how long something will take, and then I double it. I have a friend who quadruples it. That method is about as accurate as anything, takes a few minutes at the most, and often results in under-promising and over-delivering. I use Flickr to find free, Creative Commons-licensed photos. I suggest you just create a Flickr account. You'll be instantly discoverable, and you won't have to maintain your own database of (potentially) GB of images. Insofar as the largest, uncompressed version of a photo is its "source", I can see where s/he's coming from when using that term. I (and many others) do this. There are a ton of sites to help us do, but I think the most popular are Odesk and Elance. I find this repulsive. Here's why: - Promotional post masquerading as an essay - (Laughably) pretends that Frucket is the only service in the event space or this niche of that space - Author is sales head for Frucket but doesn't disclose - No data to back up claims Your claims about Facebook are self-serving nonsense. Go peddle your bullshit somewhere else. While I agree in general, security holes can be (and often are) introduced at the interpreter level. PHP even has a project that attempts to patch these with an independent module[1]. A good security practice is to stand on the shoulders of giants. Just as Windows is highly secure because it's widely used and incessantly attacked, so are the major web software stacks. 1. http://www.suhosin.org/stories/index.html For those of us coding for a business purpose, we don't often want a library that requires digging into the internals. Ideally, you want something simple that saves time. But sometimes you have to compromise and use something opaque that just gets the job done without forcing you to understand it. The curiosity and intellectualism that make an engineer an engineer, in your opinion, can be toxic in a business environment. Spend a lot of time tinkering, learning cutting-edge technology, or reinventing wheels, and your deadline whizzes by. There's a delicate balance. I only point these things out because, to many people, Ember.js (and many other libraries) are time-savers rather than something we want to deeply dive into just to use them. There are problems with that survey. First, it was conducted by Dice, which is a "career hub" that is going to have some sort of subset of overall users. It wasn't a group that was carefully selected to represent the overall market. It's not a scientific survey. Second, these are for "tech positions", not engineer positions. No technical job is even on the list for women! Third, this survey only counts employed people. What about all the women who can't find work in their field? Given the fact that engineering is not a top-five "tech job" for women, I'd wager that many female engineers have trouble finding pure engineering jobs and must find something that people believe they're qualified for. On a semi-related note, I strongly recommend that everyone on HN listen to this: http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/2014/10/21/357629765/when-wom... Tellingly, Malcolm Gladwell talking about spaghetti sauce is just him talking about someone else's research. It should really be called "Malcolm Gladwell on Howard Moskowitz on spaghetti sauce". Gladwell is such a joke. This depends on your definition of secure. The way I use it, "security" is the lowest level of vulnerability to the highest level of attack. Some OS's (notably OS X a few years ago) are thought to be secure because their installed base is low, so they're low-value targets for attackers. Apple, in general, has a terrible track record with security, and OS X's lack of malware was just security by obscurity -- the vulnerabilities hadn't been discovered because no one was looking for them. Windows, on the other hand, has been incredibly high-value target for decades. It has a huge installed base, and it's used by many governments, militaries, banks, and corporations. For that reason, Microsoft has been forced to become a leading security organization. You can't keep selling massive contracts to governments and large corporations if you're vulnerable to malware. There are obviously ways to misuse any tool, including an operating system. Many operating systems are insecure if you configure them incorrectly. My statement was just about the incredible volume of attacks that Windows is resistant to, simply because it's been attacked so heavily for so long. The Google Sheets API is a pretty good start: https://developers.google.com/google-apps/spreadsheets/ I understand your frustration and anger. I've been there myself. However, I think you should be angry at Kickstarter. They've created an environment where people can make promises they don't keep. After all, Kickstarter makes more money if promises are convincing (as opposed to realistic). So far, I've never backed a project that delivered what they promised. They've certainly never delivered it on-time. Kickstarter is, and should be marketed as, a gamble. You should never buy something you need there, nor should you expect to get what you "bought". It's not a marketplace. Kickstarter is asinine for letting these disappointments continue because they're letting the "Kickstarter is full of empty promises" stereotype take hold. This would never work. "Medium-high switching barriers" is a fantasy. The barriers are insurmountable, and not just because big retailers like to use in-house technology. Every retail store is carefully engineered to make you walk around more. They want you to walk past things you didn't intend to buy and then buy them. Ever wonder why household necessities are always at opposite back corners of grocery stores? They want you to spend as much time there as possible and pass as many shelves as possible. Yes, there is a "problem" here for consumers, but it's one they will generally solve by using Amazon or the online pick-up systems that stores already have. You can already browse the inventory of stores and have your items waiting for you when you arrive. Furthermore, because every store creates this problem, no store has an incentive to fix it. If Target, for example, were to spend money on "TailSearch" (a LOT of money) and minorly improve the user experience at the cost of much of their sales volume, they would be screwed. And what would the real benefit for the user be? Do you go to stores because it's easy to find things or because they have what you want at the price you want? This is simple technology, and it could easily piggyback on the databases that tech-savvy companies like Wal-Mart already have. There's a reason they haven't done anything like this yet. This is an irrelevant point, but it's a stretch to call a 5-year-old company with $2B in revenue a "startup". I see what you're saying, but there are two things that make this more egregious than other (assumed) offenses. First, Uber did this brazenly and, one could argue, openly. Their hubris needs to be curbed this way. Second, Uber explicitly wanted to go after a member of the press. The press is our shield against all the evil that is done against the public by governments and corporations. We need our journalists to feel absolutely safe in their chosen profession. We may disagree with or even hate some of them, but we have to show people considering such an important career that it won't put them at risk. As far as I know, Google and other companies are using/gathering our information equally legally. They might be doing something nefarious with it, but at least they claim to be responsible and honorable. With the exception of their press releases, Uber seems proud of their ruthlessness and lack of integrity. I've been in this exact same position once in the past. Ask yourself this: do you really think successful companies start out this way? Your co-founder can't execute. It doesn't sound like he knows anything about starting up. If he were destined to be a successful CEO, he would be pushing you to release an imperfect product, not the other way around. His hair should be on fire, and it's clearly not. Cut your losses and work on any of the countless other useful things there are for you to build. Ideas are a dime a dozen. Edit: After reading the other responses that encourage you to try to make it work, I strongly (and respectfully) disagree with them. His personality is wrong for startups, but it's also a mismatch for yours. Be discriminatory with your time and stop giving it to someone who is squandering it. That's absurd. By that definition, Amazon, a 20-year-old company with $74 billion in revenue, is a startup. Profitability has a lot to do with how you spend your money. "Startup" is commonly used to connote a small, new business. The dictionary says it is a "fledgling" business. If Uber's revenue were the GDP of a nation, it would have 40 countries ranked below it. That's not a "fledgling" business, even if it isn't profitable. I know how you feel. A failed company is rarely the same as wasted time, though. You learned a lot about what you need in a partnership. And definitely don't beat yourself up for misjudging someone. If you trusted no one, you'd have a miserable, unproductive life. If you trusted everyone, you'd waste all your time and money going nowhere. It's really hard to strike a balance where you trust the right people. No one gets it right 100% of the time. Why would I want to deploy lighttpd? It doesn't matter if the press functions with 100% altruism or 100% efficiency. No body comprised of humans ever will. Of course there are capitalistic motives, and making money does often run counter to the public benefit of the press. But there are many idealistic journalists (look at ProPublica, for many examples) who are doing important work, exposing things that aren't always sexy, but are definitely in the public's interest. Anything/everything that a bank does. Account management, transfers, payments, etc. In my mind, Airbnb is a marketplace and Uber is a service provider. The distinction is mostly arbitrary and driven by marketing/perception, though. I used Sails.js for about an hour one time. It was completely broken. The docs were just plain wrong, the code was a mess, and the core developers were clearly swamped. Lots of unanswered issues. It was a nightmare. I haven't used Loopback, but I can emphatically say "no" to Sails. If you need websockets, check out http://socket.io Thanks for the input! I suspected that Java would be a frontrunner. Scala is really interesting, but I'm concerned about likely having to train every new developer. I know that a powerful tool takes time to learn, but I don't know if we'd have the budget for new devs to be unproductive. I'm also concerned about tooling. Having really deep IDE integration is a huge productivity boost in other languages like Python. Is Scala still weak in IDE integration? I gave up for reasons above, but the reason I've never looked back is that Node wasn't the right tool and the Sails developers didn't have a philosophy I could agree with. My problem with Node is that it's really hard to learn a code base and really hard to debug. In other languages, I can CTRL+click to get to definitions of classes and methods. I never realized how important that was to me until I was trying to read the Sails code. It was like following a maze. I now use Node as a very simple API layer when performance is absolutely a necessity, but I don't start with it. There's a reason there's a new [x language]-to-JavaScript transpiler announced on HN every day. As for the developers, I was just disappointed that they would ship something so broken. It would be better not to publish it at all, or to keep it on the dev branch, than to publish it in that state. I also like to use libraries with lots of third-party activity, and it seemed like only 2 people were committing to the Sails code base. You haven't presented even the tiniest reason to move. Why are you even considering it? You like your city, job, AND company. Yes, your company might change in a few years, but you'll still have options then. You'll be able to freelance at the very least. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. You've said that your combined income would likely decrease if you left. That's a big deal, especially considering cost-of-living in NYC or SF is likely double what you pay now. The startup world isn't a good fit for someone who needs to be as risk-averse as you, especially in SF. You need to have a plan for retirement and your children's colleges. You can't go bankrupt. In SF or NYC, you'd either have to rent (and burn a bunch of money) or buy a place that would also add a huge mortgage on top of your other expenses. There are many small-to-medium software companies in other, cheaper cities. If you really want to jump ship, check out Houston, Nashville, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, and Charlotte. There are probably more that I'm missing. Obviously you need to filter for the kind of lifestyle/culture that you want. Get your resume in the hands of some recruiters and see what turns up. This just isn't true. Seems like the kind of thing someone who's good at math would want to believe, though. I know many people who are incredibly quick at many kinds of study, but they're generally in the humanities. One of my friends taught himself 4 languages in high school, but he can't do math to save his life. Several of my friends are MDs and also can't really do math, but they're very well-respected. One is the youngest person ever to hold his position at the Cleveland Clinic. There are many types of intelligence, and it's very hard to place an absolute value on any one field. I find quotes like this to be elitist nonsense that devalue people with types of intelligence that differ from our own. Spring brags about having 1.3 million lines of code. That's a security nightmare right there, and that amount of code is nowhere close to being necessary for a web API. No one person can get a handle on all that code. I'm seriously considering Go. One of the reasons is that it's very simple, and the other is that I've noticed a lot of the best developers are chomping at the bit to work with it. When you're trying to draw talented people to your project, it's a lot easier if you're working with something they consider to be a "well-engineered" technology. "Superfluous" is not the same as "not necessary in practice" in this case. There are many websites that use JavaScript for polyfills, browser detection, screen detection, and scroll detection. In some cases there are alternatives, but that doesn't mean those alternatives are ubiquitous. Advice: don't do Kickstarter. A successful campaign is a full-time job by itself, and you need to have a hell of a knack for marketing to pull one off. Plus, your target market is going to groan at the idea of yet another new language. To reach them, you're going to need something that's fully usable and has a concrete use-case. For example, a lot of people have been announcing feature-complete languages that transpile to JavaScript, so they're usable right now. Two questions: 1) How is "modular" programming not possible in other languages? In something like Scala, I'd always imagined any paradigm is possible. I'd be extremely interested in a short piece of example code. 2) Why a new language instead of contributing to, say, Go, Rust, Scala, or one of the other "new" languages? It generally takes 5+ years for a language to become mainstream (sometimes much longer), so if you're looking at a release date of 3 years from now, you're talking about nearly a decade. My friend came up with this: open contests to solve humanity's biggest problems. Similar to SpaceX, but the results are copyleft/free/open-source, and they could be purely software-based. Examples would be cancer research[1], solar-powered vehicles, next-gen batteries, carbon capture... pretty much any technology that would drastically improve and prolong life on earth. 1. http://www.ted.com/talks/jay_bradner_open_source_cancer_rese... You mean Google Glass in contact lenses? It's going to happen. You can hold me to that. I'd bet it'll take less than a decade, too. Shark Tank is as much like raising money as The Bachelor is like dating. More seriously, I'd say their questions and points of attack are sometimes realistic, but the valuations are not even in the same solar system as they are for real (software) startups. In the real world, you'd also see much more focus on the founders: who are they, what have they done, and (most importantly) who is vouching for them, either implicitly or explicitly. It's entertainment. If you want to know what pitching is really like, find some serial entrepreneurs in your city (every city has them) and invite them out for coffee. People are more approachable than you'd expect, and entrepreneurs tend to be very outgoing, helpful people. Using C++ and then deciding there needs to be a new language is a very common reaction. In fact, D and Go are exactly that: a replacement for C++. There are literally dozens of other languages that have an identical genesis. I think you found AutoIt to be simple and easy because it's not a general-purpose language. It has a very specific use-case and domain. I really wonder if you know how unbelievably complex and difficult it is to create a new language. Even very minor considerations become incredibly important for certain applications. If you really want to get this language off the ground, I'd suggest targeting JVM[1], CLR[2], or transpiling to JavaScript (basically the same targets as Clojure). Before you go any further, you should also actually spend some time with the new kids on the block. D is a direct successor to C++. Go is a C++ replacement. Rust is a general-purpose language aimed at web applications, and it was partly the inspiration for Swift. All of these are many years old, have the backing of a large corporation, are written by teams of brilliant people, or some combination of those things. It's really a massive undertaking, and most new languages fail or never get to a usable state. Don't you think it's possible that one of the tens of millions[3] of programmers in the world has developed something[4] you'd like as much as your theoretical language? 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine 2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Runtime 3. http://www.infoq.com/news/2014/01/IDC-software-developers 4. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_programming_languages Think about NASA. They created dozens of technologies that were then released to the public and have become multi-billion dollar industries, and many of those were not expected to have commercial value. Of course, that's with a massive budget. Examples of smaller budgets Linux, the World Wide Web, and probably a thousand more obvious things that I'm not thinking of. It takes these things a long time to get off the ground, but there are tons of companies that are making money off of community projects. As far as I know, the craigslist hack was a takeover of their DNS. This can be done purely through social engineering, and without some sophistication, it can't lead to lost/compromised data. This Sony thing seems much more serious, and it also seems like some very sensitive data was compromised. Of course, we don't know the full story on either of these yet, so I may be very wrong. My friend works for Accenture. Whenever they've tried to pitch a security project to a company, the company has basically laughed in their faces. They'd rather have just paid out for a huge loss of data (think Target and Home Depot) rather than put in the money upfront. They thought the upfront money would be greater. After those aforementioned disasters, things have changed, and Accenture is now (a little bit more) able to sell security projects. It was a $10M valuation. That's not that insane, even for something that seems stupid. Conventional wisdom is to start out with something so simple, it seems unfundable, but it gets lots of traction. Then you build on it to get to something that's less specific and more of a Big Idea. I'm not sure if this was always on Yo's roadmap, but it's become an ad-hoc notification center. That actually sounds useful, doesn't it? http://valleywag.gawker.com/the-man-who-gave-yo-200-000-1593... Seriously. Check out Scala. You seem to agree that FP and OOP are not mutually exclusive, and Scala has already unified them in a widely-praised language. It's a complicated language and therefore may not be very productive, but it's considered to be well-thought-out for the most part. Also, the checklist was condescending, but the point that syntax is not what makes programming slow/difficult is totally correct. The time lost in learning/using a toy language is far greater than the time lost in using a steaming pile of garbage like JavaScript. Actually programming isn't even the biggest use of time as a software engineer -- learning code and dealing with people are. You can't get unemployment benefits without breaking the law. That's the bottom line. The consequences for defrauding the government this way are pretty serious. Also, you can't use that money to pay your rent directly. You need to pay yourself through your company. If you don't, you're "piercing the veil" of the corporation, meaning that you are blurring the lines between your LLC and yourself. That means you lose your limited liability, and anyone who sues you can come after you directly in court (instead of just your company). Unfortunately, starting a company requires capital. Most companies become cash-flow positive (if they ever do) 18+ months after starting. If you can't live off of what you've saved or what you raise for that amount of time, starting a company isn't for you. That's the unfortunate thing about startups. Not everyone can pursue them. It's not a god-given right. You need to be lucky enough to have a substantial safety net or, otherwise, the ability to save lots of money beforehand. Don't agonize over it too much. Be generous. Are you paying him a salary as well? S/he should get the right people and pay them what they're worth. Trying to under-pay people results in sub-par people or good people leaving. 80% of nothing is a lot less valuable than 60% of something successful. Great people are absolutely vital at an early stage. I'm not making things up here, either. Every successful entrepreneur I know agrees with that sentiment, as does the prevailing philosophy of investors[1][2], thought leaders[3], and serial entrepreneurs[4]. I have never once seen anyone successful say to hoard your equity, especially if you're bootstrapped and cash-flow positive. Greed is a great way to kill morale. 1. http://hunterwalk.com/2014/11/26/one-founder-told-me-he-want... 2. http://blog.samaltman.com/employee-retention 3. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8109 4. http://jamesaltucher.quora.com/The-Ultimate-Cheat-Sheet-For-... Don't take this advice. Don't pretend you have skills that you don't. Also, this guy obviously doesn't know what he's talking about because "Web 2.0" implies social features. The biggest red flag I ever see on a resume is someone incorrectly using Web 2.0 (and anyone who actually knows what it means won't use it). The description was also vague and contained multiple grammatical errors. Yikes. I apologize to passers-by for how pedantic this is about to get... First, I don't care how it was coined. I care how I use it now. No modern speaker of language uses all words as they were first used. We use them as they're understood. Second, while Web 2.0 was coined in obscurity to mean what you describe, it rose to popularity with the understanding of social features[1]. "Social features" simply mean that users can connect to one another and/or generate the value of the site. YouTube is an example of Web 2.0 because it wasn't a publishing platform for established companies as much as a video-sharing platform, where user-generated content was first-class content. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_2.0#Web_2.0 I wasn't suggesting that Web 2.0 has replaced the original meaning of Web. I said that Web 2.0 (meaning a website with user-generated content) has replaced the original, obscure meaning of Web 2.0 (meaning a website with dynamic content). Your argument that I must disagree with "hacker=geek" because I disagree with "Web 2.0=dynamic" is based on a false premise. I don't care how non-technical journalists use either word. I care how my community (tech professionals) use those words: hacker=geek and Web2.0=social. Many people are paranoid about connecting Google/Facebook to anything. You will lose users if you don't give them a plain username/password option. I agree that it's easier, and if you're only getting a unique identifier from that service (as well as a token), then it's really not unsafe. For the purposes of login, data sharing is unidirectional. The problem is that Facebook totally mismanaged their apps when they first launched, and a lot of people were permanently turned off to "Connect to Facebook" functionality by random apps posting under the user's name. My account was recently abused by Glassdoor, which fervently promised not to post anything to my friends, and then immediately did so. Never had a toothbrush that needed to be replaced, except for the heads. This company hasn't solved a problem. SQL sucks, too. I hope we start to see every web framework come with a better, more expressive wrapper for SQL rather than the compulsory ORM. Been writing SQL for 10 years. I definitely understand it. The problem is that it's rigid, and constructing queries based on filters or user input is painful. It disrupts the flow of your code. That's why I now use query builders, which aren't ideal, but they at least allow me to build my queries in a logical order (adding additional ORDER BY conditions, adding/removing JOINs depending on my needs, etc.) The problem is that no query builder that I've used flows as well as SQL or "gets out of the way". This is not insane enough to be a funny joke, but it is too insane to be real. So which is it? Joke or real? Same way you get better at anything: practice! Here are some additional tips: 1) Learning to code has a lot to do with how well you Google things and how easily you give up. Needless to say, you should be great at Googling and not give up easily. 2) Break new things into smaller chunks. If it seems like something is too hard, figure out the first step. Google it if you can't do it yourself yet. Then move on to the next step. Every program can be distilled down to very small, very simple parts that are then assembled into something more complicated. It doesn't matter how complicated the end result is: the basic parts are still the same. (Note that this always applies to web development, but not always to lower-level stuff.) 3) Stop using PHP. It's inconsistent, and it has these weird mashups of features from other languages that add to the confusion. It is harder to learn other languages when coming from PHP. I think that Go is a great language to learn on because it's simple, consistent, and explicit. By explicit, I mean that there isn't a lot of "magic" going on underneath your code. You may also want to check out Python, which has some weird "gotchas" (e.g. inconsistent naming of iterating functions), but is mostly a good learning language. Java is the traditional beginner's language, but that philosophy has come under fire. I still think it's a good way to learn fundamentals, though. Java has a lot of vanilla implementations of concepts from object-oriented-programming theory. 3b) If you continue to use PHP, turn on strict errors when in development mode. Also use phpStorm (not free) or NetBeans (free). They understand PHP shockingly well. Using a good IDE is surprisingly vital to learning and coding quickly. You'll want to be able to CTRL+click on classes/methods/functions to go to their definitions (among many other useful shortcuts). 4) If using PHP, Ruby, Python, or Node, learn how to write unit tests and start writing them. This is incredibly important. They're not that fun or interesting, but you need to get comfortable with them. Not only do they make you much faster at finishing an app, they also make you a better programmer by forcing you to write only testable code. 5) Learn what the following mean and make them your religion (Google is your friend here): - (Related to #4) Test-driven development - "Premature optimization is the root of all evil." - DRY (don't repeat yourself) - Principle of least astonishment - "You aren't gonna need it" 6) Always have a mission. If you get up and say, "I'm going to learn how to make a single-page app today," you're not going to learn it. You need to have a real, finished product in mind. That's what professional coding is (plus getting paid), so that's what you should practice. Many of the philosophies I mentioned above actually require knowing what you want to accomplish. So as you go through your life, think of apps you want to create and write down your ideas. Don't remove ideas because they're hard -- remove them because you're not interested in them anymore. 7) Look around at different APIs. There are a ton, and you can mash them up in really interesting ways. There are APIs for payments, text/video/instant/audio messaging, cars, movies, maps, places, government data, weather, finance, and so many more things . There are countless projects you could put together in a weekend that use all of these different APIs. Do it for fun or profit, but make sure you learn how HTTP APIs work! (Strict REST APIs are a fairly rare subset of HTTP APIs, but you should definitely understand REST principles, as they pop up everyhwere.) 8) Ask the right questions. Don't ask "how do I do [x]?" on Q&A sites or forums. You can just Google stuff like that. "How do I write cookies in JavaScript?" There are a million answers. "How do I send an HTTP request in PHP?" Again, a million answers. If you really want to grow, take chunks of your code that are clunky or inefficient and ask people if there are better ways to write them. So instead of saying, "how do I do [x]?", say "I've done [x] like this. Is there a better way to do it?" That's how you learn. You're basically turning the anonymous experts in those communities into your personal mentors. 9) Seriously think about taking some classes. Fundamentals are important and will save you lots of time and Googling. I'd highly recommend a class on relational databases as well. I don't know anything about boot camps, but if you try one out, make sure you "Ask HN" about it. I'm really leaning toward it being a bitter joke. It sucks getting your bike stolen, and some of my car-less friends have had it happen multiple times. What's worse is that there isn't a great, cost-effective way to prevent it. I can definitely see this being someone's outlet for wanting to blow the hands off a bike thief. I just use a local bank. Banks generally all suck to the same degree. FreshBooks is a popular accounting and invoicing solution, and it deserves its popularity. You may want to check out IFTTT/Zapier integrations to make it work best for you. Don't worry about these things too much until you have some revenue. Keep your receipts of course, but setting up all the intricate trappings of a company is pointless until you're actually operating. I've also found that the more I learn, the less certain (or polarized) I am about any particular issue. It's not true of all topics of course (environmental protection, violence, etc.) but reality is almost never black or white. What is the agenda? Seems to be some guy spewing speculative, vague nonsense. I can't even tell what his point is, and the scant hypotheticals don't support any point at all. This is seriously just a post for the sake of posting. I can't even wrap my head around what I disagree with. Like... who cares if Google services are shallow? Nothing used by hundreds of millions of people is going to be purpose-built for any one specific group. That's what plugins/APIs are for... And if the typical Gmail user gets five emails a day, then can we even say that Gmail should be built for them? Do they really need anything but the shallowest of email services? It's frustrating how fluffy and nebulous this article is!! Yup, found a LinkedIn profile for him. You're absolutely right that this is illegal in the US, and I'd imagine most modern countries would have similar laws against it. Since it has a battery-operated device, including a beeping alarm, you'd think a better solution would be to just make a loud/obnoxious noise when the bike leaves the 50m radius. But now I really feel like I'm wasting my time pointing out flaws in an idea from a Wiley Coyote/Roadrunner cartoon. As someone who has followed Docker since it was part of dotCloud, I can tell you that some standard practices will be great. I've seen dozens of different ways of doing similar things with Docker. By creating these orthogonal solutions, Docker isn't taking the air out of anything. Do these solutions hurt Amazon's proprietary use cases? Or Google's? Or [insert managed Docker platform here]? No. If anything, they just make it possible to use Docker without third parties. Maybe that's scary to third parties, but there's no reason a company shouldn't compete in its own ecosystem as long as it doesn't unfairly punish competition . So if Docker acts like modern-day Microsoft for enterprise, where solutions are sold from many vendors with many mixes of products, then great. If they act like Apple, where they crush and eliminate overlapping services, then I guess we'll all be switching to the CoreOS containers someday... Same here. I perceived it as very friendly and helpful. I definitely haven't scrutinized this as much as you have, but I don't see the scandal here. Docker Machine is separate from Docker. Once Machine was released, what was the point of talking about integrating the functionality into Docker? They've repeatedly stated that they want Machine and Swarm to be totally separate tools. Check out Flippa maybe. You won't get much for it. For those looking for an alternative, there are some open-source messaging applications that encrypt messages on the device, making it impossible for the company to read them. Can't remember the URLs right now though. This was very widely discussed on HN a while back: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8631022 The consensus was that Express.js had not burned Netflix, but rather Netflix had used a tool that it didn't understand. The reason is that coding for the web sucks and is broken in many ways, and there are two causes: 1) Browsers have never been a unified platform. 2) It's hard to get ~100% of people to use a modern browser. So because we can't fix these things at the client layer, we have to fix them during development. That's where all these things come from. You'll also notice a recent explosion of languages that compile to JavaScript. Why? JavaScript sucks, and we're nowhere near a widely-supported replacement. I actually think that, compared to OOP, FP has a lot more theory and the language matters less because the language constructs are simpler. I could see someone saying "don't learn OOP by writing JavaScript", but for FP, there are many languages that'll work for you. Scala is probably a great target language, but I haven't seen tutorials for Scala for beginners. It's a (relatively) complicated language, and its adoption seems to be concentrated among people who are already experienced developers. All that said, I'd suggest Haskell. It's purely functional, and it actually forces certain functional practices (e.g. immutable identifiers). I can't honestly tell you a good place to start because I don't know how much formal CS education you have, but see if this is your speed: http://learnyouahaskell.com There's also Real World Haskell, a tree book that is now a free e-book: http://book.realworldhaskell.org/read/ (please excuse my rhymes). "Google Compute Engine should be a lot more secured out of the box" Most modern server instances are secure out of the box. It's the user who makes them insecure. I like AWS because it lets you manage firewall settings of EC2 instances through the console. I obviously open port 443 to the public, but nothing else. If I need to get in for some reason, I whitelist my current IP, log in, and then remove the IP. That decreases the points of failure quite a bit. I'm not sure if there's a GC version of the same thing. Did you use a password to log into this instance? For a production server like that, you should be using SSH keys with secure passphrases. In case you have a root password and were logging in as root, that's another thing you shouldn't do. For $50, I'd be happy to tell you what to improve on your site. 1) Not mobile-friendly (!!!!!!!) 2) Font too small. 3) Multiple walls of text. 4) Too much text in general (some of it repeats itself, some says nothing at all). Seriously. Don't call yourself a UX-design expert and put out something that's lacking the absolute most basic aspects of good design. Well, definitely use 2FA on your GC account, then. Ubuntu-based EC2 instances aren't "more secure", but they set you up as a user of better security practices. Like any set of tools, though, you have to understand them and use them properly. Is something like Heroku not an option for you? 13% of people like going to work; 24% are disengaged, like you are[1]. I've met very, very few people who like their first job. It's called "work" for a reason. People are paying you to do it because no one likes it enough to do it for free[2]. If you can get a job that fits you better, go for it. If not, make the best of it. Make time for something you love to do every day. Find interesting people at your company to learn from. You said yourself that you rarely use your CS degree. Guess what? Programming for corporations is rarely a lofty, scientific endeavor. It's quick, dirty, and has far more to do with people than it does with technology. Eventually you'll be experienced and respected enough that you can move more toward what you want to do. There are more scientific/tech-focused startups that would be closer to what you studied in college. For now, you just need to "pay your dues" -- show people you excel at things even when you don't want to do them and that you can do it with a smile on your face. 1. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/on-leadership/wp/2013/10... 2. The FOSS movement could be described as "people who like programming enough to do it for free" but few people at corporations are doing what they do. They're applying generic technology to specific applications. On *nix, there should be a tool that lets you execute a command whenever files in a certain directory are changed. I did this years ago but forget how I did it. 1) Nothing can be proven to be "unhackable". Some programs (e.g. OpenSSH) have turned out to be hackable after as much as several decades in production on hundreds of millions of machines. 2) "Properly set up" is too ambiguous. Is the whole bucket public? Is the whole bucket private? Are the permissions more fine-grained? 3) Some registrars, like GoDaddy, have been hacked with social engineering. Are you using a registrar that allows password resets over the phone? 4) A password is not enough. You need to enable two-factor authentication on AWS. 1. Hack someone in your office 2. Hack someone in your home (one of your kids for example) 3. Hack someone in a coffee shop Generally, when someone thinks they're anonymous and they aren't, bad things are going to happen. See my post above. You can hack someone geographically near you (i.e. in the same room or building). If you know the person, it wouldn't be hard to figure out who they are. Client-side code (even native apps) must be considered public. That means your API is also publicly discoverable. A user ID is fine to use as a public key, but it must be paired with something private. Generally some sort of unique, crypographically-secure auth token is fine when combined with forced HTTPS connections. An app should not be considered "secure" because it doesn't currently have important data. Twitter wasn't much of a honeypot, either, until activists and corporations started using it. Did Twitter know the exact moment that happened? No. They should have been secure long before that. There's genuinely no excuse for Flurry (or any other vendor) to have an API that is not secured with HTTPS by default. I can't think of any reason other than stupidity or laziness, and those aren't excuses. This is especially true of Flurry, which is tailored for connections directly from devices. That sounds fine as far as what you have control over. After that, you're relying on the security of AWS. That means 2FA is your only line of defense in this case. Your main points of failure are: AWS, your password manager (if you use one), your OS (if you have malware), and your internet connection. For AWS, you can enable 2FA and optionally get a physical device that is not your phone. That would help, since your phone is something you carry around a lot and possibly lose. For your password manager, if you're using a cloud-based manager, you could easily be vulnerable. Who knows if those services are really as secure as they say. For your OS, you certainly need to have excellent anti-malware software, as well as good security practices (no Java enabled in your browser, up-to-date plugins, no running of unknown/pirated programs or games). For your internet connection, you should get an HTTP Everywhere-like plugin for your browser. You can't do a whole lot else. PHP = your Blub[1]. You don't find it "sucky" because you haven't used something better. Or, if you have used something better, you didn't spend enough time to learn how to use it properly. I'm an unashamed PHP expert. There's a ton of money to make in fixing other people's PHP, and it's often easy work. That doesn't mean PHP is "good". With discipline, you can write readable, DRY, easy-to-maintain PHP. That doesn't mean the same code wouldn't be more readable and easier to maintain in another language. While PHP has great documentation and is "easy" to write, it has lots of surprises and inconsistencies. Although IDEs with autocomplete, static analysis, and XDebug support have made PHP much better, its typing is still a problem. When you're writing extremely large systems, you end up with some very sneaky bugs due to PHP's weak typing. Google "PHP sucks" if you want to read more. (Note that Python, Ruby, and JavaScript also suck. I'm really excited for the Go/Dart/Scala/Rust/others era where we've built languages that fix the mistakes we discovered while writing huge applications in the last few decades.) [1] http://www.paulgraham.com/avg.html "where there won't be any collision even if there are 1 billion+ entries" This is a really complicated topic, and there are multiple ways to handle what you're doing. It really depends on your read/write ratios, typical volume, growth rate, and the underlying DB software you're using. Because there are so many considerations that require knowing real-world use cases, it's a premature optimization. Are you going to have more than 1 billion records in the next few years? If not, don't worry about this. However, there are other reasons to use non-incremental IDs (security, for one). To answer your question as asked though, check this out: http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.3/static/datatype-uuid.html That's still incremental though. It just looks different. Seriously, a mobile-unfriendly website??! OP isn't asking for a data type that can hold more than a billion records. OP needs a way to generate a random ID without checking that the ID has already been used -- s/he wants a UUID. Bigint is FAR too small to do that a billion times without a collision. Security doesn't always mean "seeing something you're not supposed to see". He's saying that the boards are public, so people are able to just change the number at the end of the URL to find them all. You can have the same issue with scrapers. It's much easier for scrapers to get all your pages if you use sequential numbers for unique IDs. Yes, a search engine could index the pages, but the big engines will obey your robots.txt, and the small engines will never know that you exist most likely. So s/he's not trying to "secure" anything as much as just hide it. Scientists don't ask this question publicly because it's either so stupid or so callous that no intelligent human should ask it aloud. The cost in human life of continued global warming is astronomical. The cost in physical property is too great to even fathom. Global warming makes the world inhospitable for important parts of the food chain. That means many of the natural resources we require for everyday life would become extinct. Rising coasts would destroy thousands of years of human habitat and displace hundreds of millions of people (maybe more than a billion). Where would those people go? Who would pay for them to move out of the way of the coasts? Not to mention the massive amounts of pollution that would fill coastal waters and the destruction (or salination) of vital farmland. Many already-hot cities would become too hot to support human life. Entire island nations would sink under the sea. Important sources of fresh water would become undrinkable. Again, in case you didn't get it last time: this is literally the dumbest question I've ever seen on HN (or almost anywhere outside of Yahoo Answers). It sounds like what you're asking is "would a startup hire me?" rather than "should I found a startup?" Yes, a startup would hire you. Perhaps not as easily in Silicon Valley, which is notorious for ageism. Get your resume to a recruiter that specializes in programmers. In case this was on your radar at all: no, you should not found a startup. Most people who "should" found a startup can't imagine doing anything else. It drives everything they do. I'd suggest Go over Rust for a beginner. Go would allow you to do pretty much any kind of project you wanted (web API, mobile app, CLI tool), which is what's important for learning: having little hobby projects that you do on your own. By learning Java, you're already getting some good CS fundamentals. It probably wouldn't help you that much to learn C on top of that. I'll leave you with this: if you want to make programming into a career, you don't need to learn C. If you want to study programming as a researcher or teach it, you should learn C. Being 15, you don't know what you want to do though, so I'd suggest just doing what you find fun for now and worry about the rest of it later. This is only true if you want to be a blub programmer and punch the clock and basically just farm code in enterprise. Times change. A lot of (what I would consider) interesting jobs only require web languages, which are high-level, messy, and abstract away a huge amount of underlying complexity (many would say too much). I'm telling him/her how things are, not how we want them to be. Only a small fraction of being can be great engineers. The rest of the millions of developers out there are writing sloppy blub code on top of an opinionated framework. If you are trying to learn CS fundamentals, learn Scheme or Clojure or some other functional language. I don't think we're using the same definition of "fundamentals". I was talking about things as simple as writing code, compiling, debugging, and googling (the most important skill of a programmer). S/he'd also be learning OOP, which dwarfs FP in the web development world[1]. I actually don't think I've ever heard of a popular web framework that was written functionally, though I should also mention that I think the practical differences between FP and well-written OO are exaggerated. They aren't mutually exclusive, and OO doesn't imply mutability. 1. http://lifehacker.com/the-top-programming-languages-ranked-b... My more important point is that you don't need to do anything right now. Just do some stuff that you find fun. Just use an IDE. phpStorm pretty much does this already. If creating classes is a serious bottleneck in your app, you need to create fewer classes. Let's assume this saves you ~15 seconds per class (which I think is generous). Let's also say you're creating a project with 100 classes (way too many -- use external libs instead). Those 1,500 seconds add up to 25 minutes. Hardly a big deal for a project that's so big, you think it requires 100 brand new classes. The personality of a programmer is to despise simple repetition that can easily be turned into code. This unfortunately often leads to micro-optimizations and tools that take longer to build than to solve a problem. Founding a startup is not rational. The vast majority of people lose a ton of money at it. It's not a good way to make any money. There was an article a few years back that analyzed common traits among successful founders. There weren't many of them, but irrational optimism was one. VCs are looking for people "with their hair on fire" for a reason. Starting a company is a painful, back-breaking, alienating grind, and if you don't have an intense emotional urge to get through it, you just won't. It'd be nice if it weren't the case, but emotions are absolutely vital in understanding and making decisions. I agree that this is possible, but to find the correlation, a full data set is needed (behavior and medical data). As far as I know, no single entity has such a data set. He'll get more traction once he signs up for Traction.VC and learns some great tips. Disclaimer: I have no expertise in this. I've seen some really glowing descriptions of coding with a mentor. It's not social the same way a class is, but having something watching/reviewing your progress and giving you pointers is vastly superior to googling things. The problem is money. If he has the money, he could post on craigslist to see if any nearby coders would be willing to mentor him and occasionally sit down and watch him code. If he doesn't have the money, I don't have any other ideas. No. There is a correlation between slow learning and fast food. It doesn't prove causation. I think it's more likely to parents who are lazy or busy feed their kids fast food, and those parents are also too lazy or busy to be involved with kids' schooling. There have been lots of studies showing that parenting is incredibly important for educational development (more so than teaching). You might possibly be able to do this with FQL (Facebook Query Language), but I believe support for that is disappearing in April. Also, there are some queries they don't like people to do unless they're paying. This might be one of them. Facebook isn't an easy network to scrape. Your conviction and intelligence definitely show from your decision to use a throwaway to reply! Out of curiosity, what should people be using instead of Go? (And don't say Haskell, because surely you're more pragmatic than that.) I'm looking at Elixir now, but Go has a growing community and great concurrency. It seems to me that you perhaps hate any language that encourage or forces OO design, even though almost no one does real, widely-used, functional projects. I welcome automated tools to judge programming ability. It'll make large corporations even more efficient at gobbling up all the mediocre, middle-of-the-bell-curve programmers, and it'll make it easier for me to hire the really smart ones. I don't know that you'll find reliable data on this. I know both, but I'm not a hardcore mobile "engineer". My mobile skills are a fraction of my backend skills because I've spent a fraction of the time on them (and frankly despise the tediousness of targeting a million devices). Really great programmers can quickly become passable at writing code for any platform. It does take time to learn how to do things the way a different community does them, which is why there are things like "PHP functions implemented in JavaScript" and other insane miscellanea in any language. So what are you really asking here? If you're asking, "is it enough for me to be a mobile developer?" then the answer is YES! Many people like me love to have someone do the work we hate -- the fragmented, fickle frontend. It requires a lot more experience and knowledge than some people think. If you're asking, "can I find someone who knows both?" then I do think you can, but you're making it harder on yourself. Someone who's a 10/10 on the backend and 10/10 on the frontend is a unicorn. You probably won't find that ever. The two facets (frontend and backend) are different enough that it's worth hiring specialists. Get someone who's a ten in either category, put them together, and I guarantee you'll end up spending less time/money overall. I have some anecdotal support for this because my company just did this with two apps after a single person wrote one of the prototypes. My desktop runs Ubuntu. Why would I use this over Aptitude? And, yes, I did read the stated benefits on the project page, but I don't have any of those problems. I'm genuinely curious what this would do for me if I were to download it. I'd recommend something interactive instead of a book (if you can find it), since you said he learns quickly through application. Introductory programming books don't have much to do with reading level. They (should) be based on functional programming principles and require solid understanding of mathematical principles. That's why, for now, I'd recommend something that helps him build many small projects through examples. You should hire a designer (perhaps yourselves?) to redesign your site. It's not very readable. Seems like the API is fine. The documentation and PHP implementation are your real complaints here. Amazon docs are always utter garbage, so no surprise there. If it bothers you so much, get a 3rd-party lib and consume the web API directly. The real title should be, "How not to support an API". PHP has fixed or semi-fixed a lot of its main complaints, and you can write maintainable code with it if you have discipline. I'd go as far as to say its ecosystem (with Facebook working on it), documentation, and library coverage surpass any other backend web language. The real problem with PHP isn't going to be fixed, though. That's the schizophrenic language design. So, yes, you can get stuff done in PHP. It's a solid language to build a prototype, although, again, Python and Node are just as good, if not better. I guess what I'm trying to say is, who cares? You can solve problems and program in other languages, too. For real projects (ones that definitely involve other people and probably involve money in some way), most of your wasted time is not due to the language you're using. Sure, you could be using non-strict JS or PHP and get bogged down because your typos are silently ignored, but lots of IDEs have static analysis and whatnot to prevent that. Any popular language has workarounds for its most time-wasting issues. Where lots of time is actually lost is 1) learning and 2) reinventing the wheel. Imagine, for example, that there's a magical language called AFP (Absolutely Fucking Perfect). It's perfect. Everything you write in it is short, concise, readable, maintainable, and compiles to hyper-efficient code for any number of cores. Unfortunately, AFP is only used by 1,000 people. See the problem here? The time you spend learning is going to be astronomical, because you won't find the tutorials, Stack Overflow questions, books, forum posts, etc. that you find with a popular language. And then, perhaps worse, you don't have many libraries. None of those other 1,000 people were working with REST APIs? That sucks, you have to write a module for that. None of them needed to process images? Same issue. With AFP, you're likely looking at writing 10 times the amount of code that you would in a popular pile of garbage like PHP or JS. Haskell is AFP. It's widely considered to be a great language, but it's just not practical. There's hardly anything built in Haskell out there for you to build your own stuff on. We're now getting into an era where we might have the best of both worlds. Rust seems to be really interesting on that front. I've also seen the same argument for Scala, Go, and Elixir. But Haskell is not one of those frontrunner languages to take over from the slapped-together old guard of Perl, PHP, Python, and JS. Disagree. It's not even 1.0 yet. I wouldn't be surprised if it were the language of 2016 or 2017, though. Languages move painfully slowly. Actually worth less than $0, because it requires a lot of time (weeks at least) to vet the product and then get it up and running again. And then there's the significant investment (many thousands) in getting users. I'm not even really sure who the users are supposed to be. You liquidate the company, and the investors get what they get. They're not going to get their money back. I'd be blown away if you got a few thousand for it. Why on earth is the backend written in 3 different languages? That's going to be hard for any team to maintain. Also, this might work better on Flippa. And, finally, there are a ton of tools that do this exact same thing, and many are mature and widely used. What's new about this? For $50,000, I could get an enterprise account with an established marketing analytics firm for 6 months to a few years, depending on the provider. No. There are too many other people who deserve some of the credit. I would, however, support the first Nobel Prize award to a conglomeration of people: the editors of Wikipedia. This is a lot of debate for something that's intended to be funny. If all the lines were accurate, would it have been funny at all? Yes, it does. Haskell is mostly used for small, single-purpose tools, or it's used to teach FP principles. The number of repos on Github for Haskell is absolutely minuscule compared to every mainstream language. There just aren't that many people using Haskell for real projects, nor are there lots of practical libraries for it. (You're free to name some examples if you disagree...) Perhaps worse, Haskell is hard to learn. Sure your code is super-optimized for a compiler or whatever, but the learning curve is so high that you have to find someone else that's experienced in Haskell to work on your project. That's very, very hard. "Moving faster" is a dubious benefit. Context switching is very costly. So is having to configure, support, and debug 3 different environments. I understand using Node for realtime/async services, but using both Python and Ruby makes no sense. There are less than 5k Haskell users on Github, and they've released 30k repos. By comparison, Go has 9k users and 50k repos. And a lot of people say that Go is not that useful of a language because the community is small. What I'm saying isn't particularly controversial. There's a long thread here where Haskell is brought up frequently in the same context I'm talking about it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8802454 My definition of practical is this: people use it in practice. They use it for business or for personal projects that other people get use out of. The core purpose of software is to automate things that, otherwise, people would have to do. What large jobs is Haskell currently automating for people? http://bit.ly/1D0ZFzj It's called a "whois" lookup. It tells you to whom a domain is registered. Sometimes, the true owner is obscured by a dummy record for a corporation. This is sold as a feature by many registrars. Here's the whois for this domain: % This is the ISNIC Whois server. % % Rights restricted by copyright. % See https://www.isnic.is/en/about/copyright domain: putlocker.is descr: Doan Quang Hung descr: Xom 4, Me Tri Ha, Tu Liem descr: VN-84000 Hanoi e-mail: minh.tran304@gmail.com admin-c: DQH2-IS tech-c: DQH2-IS zone-c: BP35-IS billing-c: DQH2-IS nserver: pns1.cloudns.net nserver: pns2.cloudns.net nserver: pns3.cloudns.net nserver: pns4.cloudns.net dnssec: unsigned delegation created: November 8 2013 expires: November 8 2015 source: ISNIC person: Doan Quang Hung address: Xom 4, Me Tri Ha, Tu Liem address: VN-84000 Hanoi e-mail: minh.tran304@gmail.com nic-hdl: DQH2-IS created: November 8 2013 source: ISNIC person: Boyan Peychev address: Iskar Str 4, Cloud DNS Ltd address: BG-1000 Sofia phone: +359 888911444 e-mail: support@cloudns.net nic-hdl: BP35-IS created: October 22 2010 source: ISNIC Going to management is not a promotion for everyone. Some people should just stay engineers. But I'd agree with the company that you can't really promote a remote dev to management. Lead developer is another story, but, again, having a rapport with the team (or just basic, in-person relationships) is a big part of being a good leader. I love this so much. I'd give it a million upvotes if I could. Writing a lot of JS makes you stop believing in JS for the long haul. It's just impossible to write anything large without lots of fragility, and the bugs are often incredibly subtle. There are lots of alternatives other than CoffeeScript[1]. HN has recently been full of "[some language] transpiler to JavaScript" posts. A strong type system and more sane error-handling seem to be major motivators. Glad to hear you've been learning Go -- there's a transpiler for that! 1. https://github.com/jashkenas/coffeescript/wiki/list-of-langu... I've thought about creating a Chrome extension that allows you to say "This is clickbait" on any article, and then it'll remove it from other users' DOMs. Or, if not remove it, at least it'll prevent you from clicking the link. My solution is to use StayFocusd on Chrome to block sites that are almost always clickbait. I then use FeedBin to subscribe to sites that never post clickbait (Quartz, mainly). That's the only solution I've found that works for me. There are probably subreddits that would also serve your purposes. The unfortunate thing is that hard news doesn't get clicks. Every media company has to use clickbait to survive. What do you want to do with your life? That's a great idea. I actually rarely come to HN itself, though, because so many links are (what I personally consider to be) clickbait. They don't live up to the promises of their titles. I now use a service that converts HN posts with 150+ upvotes into a feed. That gives me the cream of the crop, and it's limited to maybe 10 articles a day. So your solution would probably limit uninteresting posts, but I personally am trying to find a way to limit posts that don't help me learn/grow/stay informed. A good example are recent posts of the Ant-Man trailer. I find it interesting, but I don't actually get value out of watching it. I need to be protected from my own curiosity, so to speak. Another solution I thought of would be to have a site where editors can curate the news every day. You find an editor you like, with similar values to you, and you follow that editor. They can only publish a certain number of stories a day. Typing is pretty minimal when you use a good IDE with autocomplete. I never type the word "document" -- just "d" and then enter. (Note that vanilla JS has great autocomplete support out-of-the-box in many IDEs.) The vast majority of development time is spent dealing with people, reading code, learning, or maintaining code. Typing is a very small part of it, and I remember seeing a study recently that confirmed it. If you hate typing that much, just write simple wrappers around vanilla JS, e.g. $.el = function (id) { return document.getElementById(id) }; What's more, when you're writing a complex web app using JS libraries, all of those milliseconds you lose in performance are going to add up (especially on mobile!) If this were to become as widely-used as the creators intend, it would mean the end of making money from information. For example, any drug, hardware, or software with any value would appear on the site. Why spend millions/billions creating those things if they just get leaked right away? I think it would actually mean the end of most human progress, because the ability to live off of your creativity would be destroyed. Maybe you'd pursue creative things regardless, but you wouldn't be able to make a living off of them, and it would drastically hamper your ability to create. I'm not actually sure human society would survive a total elimination of private information. So, in short, this is one of the most evil things I've ever seen, even if there's also potential for good. All businesses must acquire customers. That's the core of business, as Peter Drucker once said: turning regular people into customers. Facebook and Snapchat have access to so many hundreds of millions of people, they have two advantages: 1. Their users can become customers very easily. 2. Businesses are desperate to work with them to get intelligence and to broadcast their ads. Facebook's intelligence alone is worth trillions. Yes, trillions. It's incredibly personal, accurate, detailed data for nearly 1 billion people. And that's today, when mining data from photos is still in its infancy. Fortunately for us, Facebook has a privacy policy that prevents them from selling all of that data and getting all that money out of it. But what they can sell is still worth an insane amount of money. I think you just fundamentally misunderstand what makes you valuable to Facebook. It's not "liking" things or clicking on ads necessarily. It's just the fact that you visit. You're looking for Bower: http://bower.io For single-file libs like jQuery, you should look at using a CDN. I believe Google's jQuery CDN is the fastest. There's no need to host it yourself. Semi-related: having both jQuery and Prototype on a single page is going to hurt load times. See if you can replace all your Prototype stuff with jQuery. (Just out of curiosity, why exactly are you using Prototype at all?) When you use a CDN, you can use a local fallback. Note that very old/shitty browsers won't support scheme-less URLs or jQuery 2.x, although those options are more modern and preferable. You just have to make the decision based on your users. Here's example code for local jQuery fallback: window.jQuery || document.write(' \x3C/script>') You can also use yepnope, but I don't use that personally. I could see it going either way. Blind users can't see the video either way, so it could be positioned as an app to aid accessibility. On the other hand, YouTube makes money from visual ads. In general, "best" is not an absolute, and we can't really tell you what to learn, especially if you don't have a business case that you're trying to accomplish. Since you seem to be rooted in the web/OO world, taking a free Haskell course might be pretty interesting and mind-expanding for you. It'd also help you become a better web/OO developer. Take a look at Elixir, Rust, Go, and Scala, and see if any of those pique your interest. If it's just for fun, it doesn't matter what you choose. (IMHO Node sucks. JavaScript is widely known and popular because browsers don't support anything else. Unfortunately, it's an absolute mess, and the Node ecosystem is incredibly confusing and crowded. Things like Typescript are improving JS a bit, but it's far from the "best" language for something large. It's still good for prototyping, though.) And it will be mind-stretchingly difficult to learn because almost no one uses it[1]. Seriously, it's really hard to learn a language without great and abundant documentation, tutorials, and Q&A. 1. https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=language%3AArc&ty... Not sure what stack you're on, but I've done exactly what you're describing with Beanstalk (now a standalone product at http://dploy.io ) for years. Because you're using EB and Docker, I'm not sure Dploy is right for you, but it's worth looking into. I believe you can run arbitrary commands after you commit to a particular branch, which would allow you to run your tests. If any of your commands exit with a failure code, the deploy is halted and you're notified via email. (You can also set the deployments to be manual, allowing you to commit to e.g. "release" without anything happening until you want it to.) Pretty sure you can't re-post this 0 min (work remotely). Why don't you work remotely at least a few days a week? The average cost/mile of operating a car is something like $0.50, so you're spending ~$30/day driving. If you pay a tax rate of 30%, your salary is decreased by ~$9,700, just because you commute that far every day. Then you have to factor in losing 2 hours of your life every day sitting in a car, the health risks of commuting[1], and your impact on the environment. You could also sleep an extra 2 hours in the morning! If you have an open office plan, you probably also take a hit to productivity because you're not alone[2]. 1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3261090/ 2. http://www.fastcompany.com/3019758/dialed/offices-for-all-wh... Last time I heard a statistic about this, about 10% of tweets were seen by followers. That means you'd have to tweet 10 times to have a reasonable chance of reaching all of your followers. Also, not that many people use Twitter. The bounce rate is astronomical, tons of the "users" are bots, and engagement is in decline. In general, it's an echo-chamber. It's where people go to read/respond to established celebrities and journalists. From experience marketing online, almost no one uses "social media" buttons on websites, especially landing pages. You might as well have the Twitter option, since it's easy, but email is tried-and-true and should be your primary option. This was supposedly just updated to support chip-and-PIN: https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/credit-card-reader Ignoring prominent racists is a great way to help racism spread. For that matter, ignoring anyone/anything vile and influential is, in my opinion, tantamount to helping them spread their ideas. "In the U.S., blacks are 12% of the population but commit 50% of violent crimes; can anyone honestly think this is unconnected to the fact that they average 15 points of IQ lower than the general population? That stupid people are more violent is a fact independent of skin color." - Eric S. Raymond This hearkens back to the worst days of "scientific evidence" that Africans are inferior to Anglo-Saxons or whatever European race suited the people making the argument. Study history and you'll see that we, as a society, have already dealt with these fucking nutjobs and there's no reason a sane, educated adult should be spouting this utter, reprehensible bullshit. It doesn't matter if he "thinks he's citing some statistic". Saying that African-descended people are dumber, and therefore more violent, than European-descended people is completely repugnant. How could you even defend something like that? Ignorance or misinterpretation is not an excuse on his part. Z is not a space, nor is N. That's all I've got for you, buddy. I can think of some code that would help, but I don't have time to write it. Were you told that this is a traditional cipher, where characters are substituted 1:1? Generally speaking, thinking really hard about this (and possibly failing) is going to be better for you than having someone on HN tell you the answer. You had one system on, at most, a few thousand machines, and those machines were tailored to the software. The still-supported Windows versions, by contrast, are 50+ million lines of code EACH installed on hundreds of millions of machines EACH. Your telephone switch analogy is just not even in the same solar system as what Microsoft is dealing with. I'm not saying 90 days is necessarily too little time, I'm just saying your reasoning is totally flawed. Or was it a normal year for cloud security, and we just got better at discovering attacks? If you've ever worked at a large company, you'd find it absolutely unbelievable that 2014 had an unprecedented number or scope of cracks. A lot of web-facing, enterprise software is a landfill of abandoned code, unnecessary abstractions, and random hacks thrown in at the last minute to meet a deadline. "Security" for stuff like that is an illusion. I can't tell if this is a joke, but I'm going to humor you. I think your money would be better spent on, say, therapy to help you deal with your issues of belonging. One movie starring an Asian-looking man is not going to fix your identity issues, nor is any external event. Asians are less than 5% of the country, so there aren't as many accusations of racism when movies are missing them as when movies are missing African Americans. Also, the "Asian American" statistic includes people from the Indian subcontinent. So if you feel like you're in a country that has very few people who look like you, you're right! If you were white in China, you'd feel the same way. Regarding Asian actors: John Cho has had a fairly successful career, and it's only on the upswing. The Netflix show Marco Polo is absolutely full of Asians. Lucy Liu is the star of a TV show and many movies. I find it ironic that you're crying about discrimination, but you mention several times that you want to see a male playing a lead role. Everyone wants the world to be in their image, but it never will be. Do what you can to change it, and if you can't, don't make yourself miserable. Edit: Main characters in Silicon Valley, The Big Bang Theory, Heroes, The Last Air Bender, and probably lots of other films are Indian. Ben Kingsley is super-famous and half Indian. "His mother is English while his father, who is a Hawaiian-born American, has Native Hawaiian, Chinese, and Portuguese ancestry." Here's a pic of his dad: http://img.spokeo.com/public/900-600/keanu_reeves_2001_01_26... In my experience, knowing the ins and outs of a language (any language) doesn't make someone a good employee. It's more important that they understand concepts. I'd rather hire someone who's weak at a language but understands that code is read many times, even though it's only written once. This is free and self-hosted: https://github.com/libreboard/libreboard Of course, but you can't just mix and match these medications. Some have serious side effects and can't be used repeatedly, and some have interactions with other meds. You should just ask your vet. Vets will take into account the insects in your area, as well as your dog's coat and lifestyle. You don't need to protect from everything. Several of these issues are so rare that you're better off treating them than preventing them and your dog suffering side effects. You should really just talk to your vet. There's way more to it than a simple chart. They know the pharmacology, effectiveness, and necessity of all these drugs. My girlfriend is a vet, and our dogs only take Trifexis. It works for our animals, their lifestyles, and our part of the country. Her prescription might change for an animal with short fur that goes hunting a lot. It all just depends. This is a single anecdote. This kind of thing happens with human doctors, lawyers, auto mechanics, and even engineers. With incomplete information, you sometimes make an incorrect diagnosis. It doesn't reflect the overall value of the profession. Your cat could just as easily have died, and from the experience of dating a vet for many years, I can tell you that they very often do. You misunderstand both the meaning of the word "snake oil" as well as the concept of science. Some of the "natural" stuff is also extremely dangerous. Neem oil, for example, can kill your pet. You should never use neem oil anywhere near an animal. A dog is comparable to a human in many ways. For example, there are studies showing that many dog owners react to the loss of a pet as strongly as they do to the loss of a human family member. Just because a framework offers views doesn't mean that it's too heavy for you. If no views are being processed, they're adding a negligible amount of overhead just from loading the code. You don't necessarily even need a framework. You could use some libraries. You only need: routing, HTTP request processing, and HTTP response preparation. I've actually only used Django, Flask, and CherryPy for Python projects, so I haven't researched that stuff. In general, I strongly support the idea of tying together tiny libraries, rather than using a framework. It takes months to learn every line of code in an end-to-end framework, but if you're pulling in just the 2-3 libraries you need, you can understand every line of your code. That's really important for efficiency/bugfixing/maintenance. You might want to check out Bobo: http://bobo.digicool.com/en/latest/index.html Have a look at http://apiary.io and http://readme.io Can you share some of your reasoning for ending up with Slate? I like apiDoc, too, and I spent a few days adding those comments to my code. However, it's been months now, and the GitHub Sync section still says "temporarily disabled". Is this feature really done? When can I use it? I'm a bootstrapper and understand testing features by pretending they exist, but it's been a pretty long time... Nothing has been done to death, nor will it ever be. There's been a lot of research that first-movers are almost never the ultimate victors in an industry. Furthermore, being a "victor" (no matter how huge) doesn't last forever. Every company has a rise, decline, and death. Small companies can always, always disrupt a giant. The reason is that a giant, in order to sustain itself, must cater to everyone. It's impossible to do that well, and they'll always leave niches that are under-served. That's where a small company can come in, dominate that niche, and slowly take over the market. Clayton Christensen has famously researched and written about that process. That said, ideas are meaningless. No one succeeds because they had a great idea, except maybe the Tim Ferrisses of the world who "bend the rules" and screw people over. All that matters is execution. You might have an online dating idea, and it might be great, but can you actually execute? Launching a consumer brand costs millions these days because of the high costs of customer acquisition. Do you have that money? Would investors feel confident giving it to you? Or, if you want to start a B2B company, do you have an unfair advantage that will catapult you over all the other people doing the exact same thing? Do you know lots of people in that industry, or were you yourself one of them, so you understand them particularly well? Don't get hung up on ideas. No idea is new, and usually if you have an idea that no one has done, it's because it's a terrible idea. Don't be afraid of competition. You don't have any until someone is actually taking your customers away from you, and tiny startups don't tend to have that issue for a while. This is a pretty small thing, but you should really be using SSL (" https://..." ) There's just no reason to use unencrypted connections anymore. The cost of a SSL cert is minimal, the installation isn't difficult, and it's a big benefit down the road, because the HTTPS version will be canonical to search engines. Super cool! I'll hop in my time machine and go back to 2005 when these kinds of domains kinda made sense!!! https://www.crunchbase.com/search (change location to Columbus on the left) Focus on pain and fear. For example, I'm the sole technical person for a number of projects. I leave my phone on at night, so that I can be alerted if things go terribly wrong. That's both a pain and a fear. It's painful to be on-call all the time, and I'm afraid due to being the single point of failure, as well as the person responsible for cleaning up a mess. (I'm lucky to live in a time when there are great tools available to make problems extremely rare, but you get my point.) If someone pitched me: "Turn your phone off at night", that'd really hit home for me. You need to find a similar way to illustrate how you're going to alleviate a pain point. Too few people are personally affected by this issue to allow you to kill PayPal. A better way to kill them would be to do what they do, but better. A lot of companies are already doing that, so your wish will be granted in time. http://morganlinton.com/startup-domain-faq-should-i-use-a-do... Valuations have much more to do with social issues (faith in founders, quality of lead investor, size of recent exits) than it does the product. The product could be terrible, but if all those things are in place, investors could be fighting each other to get a piece of the deal. You can fix a product in the future, with enough money. You can't fix a founding team, and you can't go back in time to join a deal that you missed out on. You're thinking inside a bubble. PayPal makes a tiny fraction of its money on crowdfunding. So, again, a "better" way to kill them would be to build a bunch of companies that provide their whole portfolio of services, but serve customers better. And that's what people have done and are currently doing. That's probably fair use (in the US at least). "Let's Kill PayPal" refers to PayPal itself. It would be illegal to create "mypaypal.com" and point it to a payment-related website. The concept of consumer confusion still applies, though. Can a consumer confuse "letskillpaypal.com" as something created by PayPal? Probably not. So my guess is that it's fine in the US. I used Windows (business), OS X (iOS dev), and Linux (backend dev) side-by-side -- sharing a mouse with Synergy -- for about a year. As a regular user, I'd choose Windows, hands down. As a developer (or long-time Linux user, like you), I'd choose Linux. Ubuntu is the only OS I run now. I recently installed Yosemite on my 2013 MBP, hoping it had fixed some of my complaints about previous versions. It was, instead, as massive regression. Many others have pointed out the same. Stick with Linux. If you're productive and happy, why consider anything else? The unfortunate thing is that non-Apple hardware is lacking in some ways, but you can shop around a bit and find something close. How do you test? Like how are you certain that some reviews are fake and others are real? If you do more PHP projects, stay the hell away from CodeIgniter, Zend, Symfony, and Cake. Slim is ok. Laravel is really heavy and opinionated, and it does a lot of things in a "non-PHP" way (using strings to configure behaviors, for example). It may seem easy to build projects like that, but it's really hard to follow them once they're written. PHP is at a point where you should really just be using a microframework or a series of libraries. With Composer and PSR standards, you don't need frameworks anymore. All that said, don't stick with PHP. Definitely learn Python and one of the next-gen languages (Go, Rust, Elixir, etc). The best way to learn is to think of a project you want to complete, choose a stack, and then Google your way through it. Seriously. There isn't a ton of great, formal learning in web development. Unfortunately, some idiotic companies actually do use non-standard domain names. For example, my Citi credit card uses "accountonline.com" as the login page. With things like that, "googledrive.com" seems less suspicious. So to anyone building for the web: please use a single, canonical domain name! That's a major security flaw. On the plus side, looks like your report worked. As of a few minutes after you posted, the link says it's a phishing scam. What a waste of time. This is like pseudo-intellectual trolling. The problems with IE6 had nothing to do with creating a new rendering engine. The problem was that the rendering engine they did create was not standards-compliant, and they weren't able to push updates fast enough. Microsoft has become solidly pro-standards now, so there's no reason to be suspicious of a new rendering engine, just because it's new. In fact, we should be optimistic. Clean slates are often produce great things. I can't even begin to tell you how hard what you're doing is. There is an endless graveyard of "deals apps". Restaurants are almost impossible to pitch to begin with, but as soon as you say "deals", they'll kick you out the door. I'm begging you, from experience, not to do this business. The fact that you're so hung up on the name is also not a good sign. Thank god Ello came around! There have never been any decent sites to post art, photography, or journal entries to your followers. Can't wait until all these fresh ideas kill Facebook, IBM, Tesla, NASA, etc! That's the kind of attitude that leads to massive security flaws. Understanding security is more than just "yes or no". You must understand the concepts. If you don't, stop professionally writing software, because you're doing something irresponsible that will do real harm to real people. My comment was more generalized, as it was responding to a general comment. However, I will say that HTTPS is not too complicated to understand and that it's not a magic bullet. You still need to understand, for example, how a certificate can be compromised and what the pros/cons are of different implementations. It's not a simple "yes or no", even though it's close. See my comment above. There's a lot more to protecting a site from man-in-the-middle attacks than enabling HTTPS. The most important things people need to know are the pros/cons of different types of certificates, how to keep certificates safe, and whether they have a vulnerable SSL library installed. Again, it's not a binary. To the downvoters: if you stick your head in the sand, you'll do things like using MD5 for password hashing and logging into remote servers as root. I see basic mistakes like that all the time. I'll reiterate (and this is a general comment, not necessarily about HTTPS): if you aren't willing to understand how software works and how people attack it, don't write it professionally. It's part of your job and your responsibility to your customers and their users. When systems are cracked, it can leak financial info, passwords, addresses, children's names, medical info, etc., etc. You may have a totally innocuous site that helps someone get into one of your user's more sensitive accounts. Security is really important and failing to understand it can ruin people's lives. I've personally seen it happen. It worries me that saying something as simple and unassailable as "understand the security implications of your code" got downvoted on a "hacker" site so many times. Doesn't matter that much. C++ is better to know, but you should do whichever one of those options will look better for your college applications. Then, if you have the time/energy, do the other one as well. There are a billion jobs in Java, and I think the language itself is ok in a lot of ways, but many Java projects are monsters. Learning Java is a helpful way to understand the pros/cons of using a highly rigid language (and I'm strongly in favor of rigid languages). I've used both, but I can't answer this without knowing what you want to use it for. I don't know that I've ever heard anyone say that they prefer PHP over Python, so I doubt you'll get that response on here. I'm honestly not a huge fan of either. Are you deciding whether to learn Python? What you want to use going forward? Honestly having 10+ years of PHP experience probably makes it a hands-down winner (for you personally) in terms of productivity. It'd be a while before you'd see any real productivity gains from Python. That said, there are maintainability considerations for each language, and Python wins in some of those categories. Yes, I was being direct and negative. I was responding to someone who wanted to be a developer and not have to understand security. That kind of attitude/culture is what makes so many thousands of widely-used applications vulnerable. Security shouldn't be an afterthought. People trust us to write secure software, and few of us do. The key word in my comment was "professionally". I'm not telling someone experimenting for fun to learn detailed security implications. I'm talking to someone who is charging someone (clients or employers) for their work. And what I said is, sadly, not so redundant as to be meaningless because I was responding to someone who said "I don't want to be mindful of security, just tell me if [XYZ] works." So obviously it DID need to be said! This isn't something developers can/will fix. It's an issue of incentive. Lots of frivolous apps can be fun to make or have the potential for huge exits. Unless both of those things change, we're going to get lots of frivolous apps. Don't tell your manager or HR. If your true motivation is concern for his health, you're unlikely to change his behavior that way. If you really want to help him, you first need to talk to him about it. Tell him you've noticed how hard he's working, and you'd like to help if you can. Be clear that you don't mean you're going to help by doing his work for him. Rather, you'd like to listen to his side of the story and see if the two of you could brainstorm some solutions. After you've done this, you may discover that some additional learning/training could help him move faster. That's a best-case scenario. Perhaps he's just not equipped for this job, and he could start job hunting while he's still employed with your firm. You're more likely to notice some things that can't just be fixed. You may discover that anxiety or excessive attention to detail (perfectionism) are causing him to take much longer. Those are issues that only he can work on, and he'd need to work on them only with psychiatric professionals. No matter the size of your company, you're going to encounter people who can't do their jobs very well and are harming themselves and/or the company. It's really none of your business unless A) they're in danger, B) they're doing something illegal, or C) you're their superior. Be very certain that your coworker is in danger before you proceed. I agree that technical recruiters mostly suck, but the best ones have a technical background. I'll add, though, that recruiting is a slog. It's monotonous and involves a lot of rejection. It's often performance-based, and it can therefore be stressful as well. Basically, it has many of the downsides of sales. I'd strongly suggest creating an offline copy of the infected SD card before proceeding. Even though you don't have clean backups, you can at least have a backup of the encrypted data. If Nathan doesn't help, that allows you to try other routes. It's also possible that the encryption could be broken in the future. This is the basic principle of "non-destruction" for sensitive data, and it still applies, even though your data is encrypted now. OCD is very treatable with a combination of drugs and cognitive-behavioral therapy (specifically, exposure and response prevention). There are no other types of treatment that are known to be effective, and drugs are rarely effective long-term on their own. Note that this treatment would force him to decrease his work hours. If he has self-diagnosed OCD and expressed it to you, you need to encourage him to get into treatment. It may be more comfortable for him to start with group therapy. You should encourage him to tell his family and seek their support. Helping someone else through their mental illness is incredibly difficult, frustrating, time-consuming, and emotionally draining (depending on how cooperative they are). I know from personal experience. You should do some research to make sure you're giving appropriate advice and to understand what even a minimal amount of support would mean for you. This is something you should discuss with an expert, ideally a local lawyer, but it's possible that your manager would be unable to immediately fire him without giving him the option to seek treatment first. I'm not suggesting that you tell your manager, only that you know the consequences of doing so. I'm assuming that by "OCD tendencies", you do not mean a literal, clinical case of OCD. However, I think OP is describing OCD, the illness, not run-of-the-mill conscientiousness. Despite the way it seems, OCD is not a rational illness, nor does it make you "better" at anything. It's purely emotional, and you can't reason with it. The sufferer feels a huge amount of fear/anxiety related to issues that seem insignificant to a typical person, and they can't choose which issues they are. In fact, telling him that he makes more mistakes when he's more tired may give him greater anxiety, which would feed the vicious cycle of "doing more work to make sure I didn't screw up" that's going on in his mind. This depends on your founding documents and your terms with the investors. The answer is going to differ based on those, as well as your state laws. Absolutely spend the money to hire a good lawyer who specializes in startups. If you're getting some traction and believe you're going to succeed, you'll save yourself a lot of heartache (and potentially huge amounts of money) by investigating this properly right now. Linux, hands down. 1) You probably write code that targets Linux. That means using Linux as your dev machine is going to reduce complexity. 2) The latest OS X is an absolute mess. It's incredibly slow as well. 3) Docker support on Linux is far better than on OS X. This is so stupid and uniformed, it's actually infuriating. It's true that machines can't do those things now (and, in fact, they actually can do some of them). Musk isn't warning us about today's machines. He's warning us about machines that do things people think are impossible. Human science does "impossible" things all the time. Until they were actually invented, most of the world thought heavier-than-air flying machines were impossible. Saying "[X] will never happen" is always junk science. The scientific method is inductive, and that literally means "never say never". The benefit he's describing is completely negated by having a long TTL, which is an important security measure. If your TTL is long, you can't change your DNS records quickly. So whenever the outage is shorter than your TTL, you see no benefit. Nicer GUI/UX is subjective. I find that the OS X GUI kills my productivity, but others may feel the opposite. Linux is highly configurable, at least, so you could get near-perfect OS X UI on a Linux machine. As for the hardware: I'm running Ubuntu on my MacBook Pro laptop, and it runs great. It boots much faster than my clean Yosemite install. In fact, Yosemite's performance was abysmal compared to Ubuntu. I despise OS X for many reasons, and I have for years. However, I used to be pretty silent on discussions like these. My issues were (mostly) subjective and personal. With the release of Yosemite, I'm now vocal about my dislike of OS X. It is objectively an inferior OS. I believe many HN readers are in the same boat now. There have been quite a few threads about the decline in quality control for OS X/iOS in the last few years. Battery life is about the same, but it was never great (13" 2013 MBP with HDD). When I'm using my laptop (at a client, in a meeting, at the airport) I always have a power outlet, so my productivity is much more influenced by the OS than the battery life. Your lifestyle might be different. GUI, CLI, or both? Don't choose a distro based on wifi support. Almost every distro offers a "live" version that runs off a USB stick. Pick a distro with a philosophy you like, and then try the live version to check hardware support. If it works and you like it, install it permanently. The major distros all have great hardware support these days, so I think it's unlikely you'll encounter one you can't run. The three most popular distros are all based on Debian (Mint, Ubuntu, Debian). Ubuntu was/is intended to replace Windows, including in the enterprise. It's backed by a for-profit company called Canonical, which makes its money by offering enterprise support. The benefit of Ubuntu is that Canonical patches/supports LTS versions for a long period of time, and you can rely on those a little bit more. Another benefit is that they pay people to maintain packages, so you can always find Ubuntu repos for things. Mint is basically Ubuntu with a more "classic" desktop bundled with it. You can achieve the same thing by using XFCE or some GNOME-alternative on Ubuntu though. It really depends how deep you want to go with that stuff. DistroWatch offers a guide to choosing a distro[1] as well as a ranking in popularity[2]. I used to love Fedora, but it was too buggy for me. I've heard the latest release is fantastic, though. elementaryOS is getting a lot of buzz right now, so look into that as well. 1. http://distrowatch.com/dwres.php?resource=major 2. http://distrowatch.com/dwres.php?resource=popularity I honestly don't know of anything that fits your criteria. I know Go recently got an iOS port, though. Rust is definitely too young. No idea about OCaml. Unfortunately, the most portable language is JavaScript, and that isn't what you're looking for. This reads like satire, because who the hell would not want to build something solid or understand what's happening in their app? Also, the most common complaint about Angular is that it's very hard to understand, very opaque, and lacking in documentation, so your only "pro" for Angular is a pretty unusual one. http://jlongster.com/Removing-User-Interface-Complexity,-or-... Try inheriting a project with lots of "magic". Or even just revisiting one that you did a long time ago. It sucks. I believe you that Angular was easy for you to learn. I was just saying I've never heard of anyone else feeling the same way. When you say .NET runs on all operating systems, are you referring to Xamarin? If not, I'd be very curious what else is out there. Cross-language benchmarks are nonsense. Hardware can be scaled. Time cannot. Use the platform that saves you the most time (now and when you're in "maintenance" mode) and worry about performance later. I don't believe "rock solid" and "fast" are mutually exclusive. There are good libraries in most languages that offer both. Shame can be (and has been) a tool for positive change. I grew up in the South. Many of my peers never heard racist comments until they were adults, even though many adults in our community were deeply racist. That made my generation far less racist than older ones. So why were the racists so quiet? Because it stopped being socially acceptable to be racist. Those people were ashamed of publicly stating their views. Racism become something you might believe, but didn't say to a child. It's not a pleasant tool, and it's often abused, but there are definitely shades of gray there. Yes, they help. Modify with LESS/SCSS/SASS instead of CSS, though. You can't make decisions today about what will be the standard in 10 years. Computers will be exponentially faster and used for different things. It's just pointless. JSON is widely accepted now, and BSON overcomes its only real shortcoming (lack of binary support). There's nearly 0% chance any of your software (or any of ours) will still be used/maintained in 10 years, so make a decision about what's available now. In this particular case, he's also talking about a simple storage format. In popular languages, switching between simple formats like JSON/YAML should be a two-line change (the line where you serialize and the line where you unserialize). XML may be more tricky, but XML sucks and no one should be using it anyway. Wtf was the "checking your browser" message? I can't speak for myself, but I've done quite a few one-off MVPs for people who stopped being entrepreneurs. The most common reason is that they weren't willing to sacrifice the time/money involved in starting up, and then they quit. They typically had high-paying corporate jobs and weren't willing to give up the income. A lot of people have an "if you build it, they will come" attitude about any good idea , not just the ones that people are truly clamoring for. This is a super interesting way to get a virus. We live in a world where a single publication is less and less meaningful. The writers from Joystiq will likely continue writing about games. Find your favorite ones and follow them, and you'll still get the same quality of content. Out of curiosity, have you looked at other languages and decided you don't like them? I know what you mean about JavaScript. It has many alarming problems, like PHP. Unlike PHP, however, there aren't quick fixes for them (e.g. strict error reporting). I've worked with terrible developers with CS degrees and non-CS degrees. Some of them had experience, some of them didn't. What I'll say is that, without exception, the ones without experience were terrible. No matter how smart/educated they are, junior devs need mentorship and code review. If these people are consistently turning out bad code, start documenting it. Keep track of how much time is being wasted on them. I'm strongly in favor of over-paying awesome people rather than under-paying an army of unskilled people. Something weird about this article (that I found interesting, anyway): The author looks like a native English speaker, yet the content clearly isn't written by one. After doing a bit of poking around, I discovered she's not a real person. Her Twitter and Quora profiles have different photos on them. She's also not on LinkedIn or any other social network. Her only online presence is a bunch of these marketing-ish articles. This problem is already solved by using LESS, SCSS, Stylus, SASS, or one of the many other CSS preprocessors. If you need to "compute" any styles, those can do it. Or, if styles need to be changed based on data or input, you can just create new classes and assign them as necessary. One major benefit (though there are many) of preprocessors over your solution is that IDEs understand those languages and provide autocomplete/error-checking. As a general rule, you sometimes need to reinvent wheels, but the benefit of reinvention needs to outweigh the collective learning/support of existing solutions. 1) They can't test your speed from their end. They can only set it and hope it works. Sometimes it doesn't, as with all technology. 2) There are many factors that influence speed that are out of their control. Personal modems, routers, wifi settings, etc. Did you not have a DOCSIS 3 modem? So, again, this is totally reasonable on Comcast's part. You didn't have a modem that's compatible with their service. > I'm also fairly new to the game (just over 1.5 years) I've never been asked to show a side project (or even sample code). By the time those practices became common, I had more than 5 years of experience at real companies, where I'd done real things. If you can get along enough in your career, people will stop needing to use technical validation. For better or worse, they'll use social validation instead. "Surely someone couldn't have been a Senior Developer at [whatever company] for 2 years if he sucks at coding," they'll think. They'll be wrong some of the time, but that's beside the point. > having a relationship, family, and a social life, etc Unfortunately, some companies still think the best workers are the ones that are absolutely obsessed with work and are compelled to be on the clock all the time. There truly are companies that value work-life balance, though. Be honest with your interviewer and say, "I work 50 hours a week, and my family, girlfriend/boyfriend, and health are important to me. I have lots of ideas for side projects, but they haven't taken priority over my loved ones and health." If that interviewer rejects you, their values aren't well-aligned with yours. They might have wanted you to work 100 hours a week, even if it meant low productivity and burning out. Take the offer you have. Don't work for a company that makes you do coding challenges. > How many of you deal with frameworks today that require you to know special magic? How many of you deal so with the framework that you wouldn't hire someone on [your] team if they didn't know the special magic already? This is so, so important. The most popular web languages all have popular frameworks that are magic on top of magic. Suddenly you can't hire a Ruby developer (or, god forbid, just a developer): you have to hire a Rails developer. Same with Django, Symfony, Laravel, etc. etc. > Magic is bad. THIS. A million upvotes. Magic. Is. Bad. 1) Resumes/past experience might be BS 2) Might have personality issues 3) Might have been fired In my experience, having someone over-qualified is a bad move. However in development, isn't there always "senior"-level work to do? I'd say it's not worth following up if you're busy, as great people usually know they're great... This is some serious clickbait. Moving content from one URL to another is going to create SEO issues. The issues aren't permanent, but if you rely on search traffic for cashflow, you just can't do it. It's possible (but not necessarily as performant) to have your Craft code running at oururl.com/blog and oururl.com/tutorial, but your Laravel code running at your other URLs. It really just depends on how your server is configured (and which server you're using). Generally speaking, I think there are reasons to use subdomains (addressing different regions perhaps, definitely when running a different SaaS codebase). For your purposes, I don't see a good reason to use a subdomain, and it does add a little complexity related to configuration, cookies, SSL certs, and user perception. Your dev doesn't know what he's talking about. Get rid of him. You obviously don't trust him enough to be working with him in the first place, if you're coming here for a second opinion. Craft has the concepts of "singles" (pages) and "channels"[1]. You only need one copy of Craft running. I can't recommend a file structure without knowing how your current URLs are constructed, but there definitely is a solution that doesn't involve subdomains. Just as an example, let's say you install Craft to /craft and your existing Laravel code is in /laravel. You'd configure your server such that "/tutorials/[whatever]" is always directed to /craft/public_html/index.php, and "/products/[whatever]" (assuming /products is your current URL prefix) is always redirected to /laravel/public/index.php. All that said, Craft may not be the right solution for you. WordPress isn't particularly well-engineered, but it's totally free, there are millions of themes and plugins for it, and the considerations involved in deploying/managing it are discussed to death online. In short: it has a massive community, and that's important when it comes to saving time/money. 1. http://buildwithcraft.com/docs/sections-and-entries I have approximately zero of these issues. But maybe using a modern operating system is also one of this guy's/girl's pet peeves. It is unbelievably stupid to stay on such an old browser. Browsers are the main vector of attacking an individual user, and you can't sacrifice security updates in order to keep a UI that you seem to prefer. No. People buying books at other places will close a beloved bookstore. If a product is developed correctly, it will please less than 100% of people. Some people will never be happy with what's out there. I'm one of the whatever percent of people that is mostly satisfied with my browser. It stays almost entirely out of my way. My UX issues on the web are typically due to the web. So to answer your question, some people may be making that choice, but I, like most people, am not. Bookstores are closing all over the country, with or without a minimum wage hike. The problem is that no one buys books at mom-and-pop stores anymore. They buy them, generally speaking, at Amazon. So while the last straw might have been a few bucks an hour, the root of the problem is that his industry is dying end to end (writers, publishers, retailers). A healthy industry can easily pay more than minimum wage to every worker and still be profitable -- look at Starbucks at its peak for an example. Putting your nest egg in a startup is very nearly a guarantee that you'll lose it. Even the best of the best are terrible at picking winning startups. If you want to keep your nest egg and see it grow at least a little bit, you need to find something low-risk, low-reward. Startups are literally the worst thing you could invest in. $25k in the Bay Area is NOT an amount you should invest. It's something you should save for a rainy day. Of course, savings should be put into something that yields more than a checking account, but that depends a lot on how liquid you need to be. Never happened to me. Like most people, I don't tap on ads (especially for apps). Most people don't keep up. They're on the bleeding edge in some areas and way behind in others. "Hard news doesn't sell" -- or, in the modern world, it doesn't get clicks or viewers. So pretty much everything that is important is under-reported. Climate change, government corruption, corporate crime, etc. etc. A lot of that stuff is very dry in the mind of the general public, and "young girl kidnapped" or "puppies or rollerskates" just make more money. Since you asked for something technology related, I'd say the danger of AI, the debate between solar/nuclear energy for the future, the high human/environmental costs of low-price hardware (mobile phones mostly)... pretty much anything is getting under-covered. Vaccines are not like other medications. With many medications, there is a benefit only to one person. With vaccines, there are benefits to an entire society (especially those who are not healthy enough to take vaccines themselves). We know that the highly recommended, widely used vaccines are safe. But even if they weren't, there should still be a higher tolerance of risk because the danger that they prevent is certain and extreme. This comment proves that you don't understand what you're talking about. I'm not trying to be condescending -- I've learned a lot about this recently due to the outbreak, and I encourage you to do some reading as well. Some vaccines are very effective at the individual level. Others are not, and so the safety of any individual is reliant on herd immunity. So when you say "they should be effective", I don't know if you mean to prevent an individual's illness or to prevent an outbreak. Either way, vaccines are not just intended to be effective for the individual -- they're intended to protect an entire society. As far as Ebola: the medical community is certainly up in arms over that, as well. It's a huge crisis, and millions are being poured into its treatment and prevention. The problem with Ebola is that there's a massive cultural barrier. Many of the most at-risk people are afraid of vaccines, and some of them totally misunderstand how Ebola is spread. Those two situations are getting better, but it's much harder of a situation to solve. The reason you're reading so much about measles is that it's affecting a wealthy, educated country, and it's directly caused by misinformation from the "anti-vaxxer" movement. It's alarming because it's a backslide, and we know it's preventable because we did such a good job preventing it for so long. TL;DR - Clearly[1] and HackerWeb[2]. I agree. I'm especially annoyed by HN's terrible design because this is supposed to be a site for web enthusiasts. Stubbornly sticking to this unusable, ugly, un-responsive design, just for the sake of looking hack-y and unrefined, is ridiculous. A designer could fix this mess in a few hours (and many actually have, with third-party HN clients). For general browsing, I use Clearly[1]. Because HN has comments and threads and whatnot, I use a dedicated app[2]. 1. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clearly/iooicodkii... 2. http://cheeaun.github.io/hackerweb/ Many of these stats are difficult to believe and based on some pretty weak evidence. For example, the Healthcare.gov stat is from this quote in a NY Times article: > "According to one specialist, the Web site contains about 500 million lines of software code." This specialist could have been anyone, and it might not even have been someone who worked on the code. I could see some random non-technical project manager at the NY Times guessing that number out of thin air. Regardless, 500M is a totally ridiculous number, even if you tried to beef it up. I think this is a fantastic, important project. Keep up the good work. That said, the UI is encouraging visitors to prioritize information that isn't important. For example, % equity, $ per %, and average funding. The equity stuff isn't important because all of them take so little that an early-stage company shouldn't be worrying about it. The mindset that "we're gonna be a $1B company, so 1% is worth $10M to me" is common and insane. New founders need to snap out of that. I've seen tons of founders quibble over a few percent, and none of them were successful. Successful founders get past those issues and execute. As for the average funding: the most successful company won't need to raise anything at all after going through an accelerator. So the metric of "how much was raised after leaving the accelerator" is lumping the failures along with the super successful. That makes it a useless metric. Here's the data that would be ideal, although I'm well aware that it's not necessarily possible: 0. Reviews! Great idea. These will be absolutely vital once you get some traction. You need to have a very strict way of verifying identities though -- maybe force people to show you their certificate of incorporation for the company that went through the accelerator, even if their review is anonymous to the public. Some accelerators will act like a cabal and game the rankings if you don't do this. 1. % funded companies that either exit or survive for 5 years 2. % of mentors who have successfully exited in the past (an accelerator with investor-only mentors is just a shitty angel investment) 3. [x] alumni with highest valuations (3 would probably be enough) 4. Age of accelerator So making the site responsive would create backlash? I just don't buy it. Very few users' enjoyment of HN will be made or broken by the design, unless it becomes gaudy/trendy/elaborate. I'm not suggesting that. It should be simple -- just modern and simple. And although I don't have this problem, some users have visual impairments. Having a site that is so difficult-to-read is discriminating against those people. It's 2015, and it's long-past time to worry about accessibility. I redirect all of my external accounts into my personal Gmail account, and then the filter marks them as read. That means I can search/sort all in one place. I use that with Checker Plus for Chrome, and that serves my needs. As far as power, flexibility, and performance, the latest version of Outlook is actually great. Social pressure is very effective. Comment on one of his Facebook statuses: "I've been trying to reach you for weeks, but you haven't responded. Could you please call me?" If he doesn't respond to that, you could get more extreme by posting your own status and tagging him in it: "I've been working for @[friend] for months, and he hasn't paid me or responded to my emails. Anyone have any suggestions?" Phone calls, in-person visits to his office, and emails to other friends or employees at his company will also be effective. It's very easy to ignore a personal email. It's very hard to ignore something that starts to affect your reputation and peace of mind. Other than that, you might have some luck selling the debt to a collection agency. You can, of course, always sue him, but if you don't have a pretty tight contract, it would be more trouble than it's worth. Don't revert the code. Even if you don't "break" anything, he could make an argument that you caused damages, and he could sue you. Furthermore, damaging his business isn't going to make him richer and more likely to pay. You could, of course, say something like this: "Because you have failed to pay me for my work, I feel it would be morally justified for me to revert all of my changes unless we reach an agreement in the next 10 days." You're not actually saying you're going to do it. You're just saying you think it would be ok. What about Express itself? Honestly, JavaScript is a very confusing language to start with. It's also hard to debug (easy-to-miss scoping issues, silent failures, silent logic errors, etc.) You'll write code that you think will work, and it just won't, and you won't know where to even start. Go is a decent language for a beginner because it's very explicit (there's very little magic). Check out this site, which I just discovered on HN: http://howistart.org Your #1 problem is self-esteem. I strongly recommend that you see a therapist or counselor. Self-esteem, confidence, mental health, and success are all deeply intertwined. Your #2 problem is that you think writing code is the most important skill of a programmer. It's not. Learning is. Are you a fast learner? If so, there are hundreds of companies that need you. With a little additional training, you could be highly paid as a QA engineer or project manager (depending on your personality and enjoyment of those types of roles). Or, you could just find a small-ish company that would allow you to wear multiple hats: bug-fixer, but also programmer of novel code. You'll get better as you go along. You also keep talking about "engineering". The majority of software companies aren't writing code in a way that could be called "engineering". It's sloppy, and the developers are embarrassed by it. But that's what you do when your time/budget are very limited. You're right, it could be considered extortion. I'll retract that as even an implied recommendation. In this case, it doesn't seem like they have a contract, so the remedy might be to just "undo" the deal as best they can. Unfortunately, without a contract, there probably isn't a statutory remedy, and they'd have to go to court. That's why I said s/he definitely should not actually revert the code. My suggestion also took into account the 1st Amendment, which protects speech that has content. In this case, s/he's saying "this is how I feel about it" and "it would be morally justified", both of which have content beyond any sort of implied threat. All that said, I'm not a lawyer, and no one should take anything I say as legal advice. It is not defamatory because it's provably true. Defamation must be false. I'm not a hiring manager, unless "hiring manager" = "someone who hires". I've interviewed more than 100 devs and hired a few dozen. I've done it internally (leading a dev team) and externally (as a consultant). Assuming I don't know what I'm talking about, just because your experience differs from mine, is presumptuous. You're the one who came to HN and asked for advice, after all. My response didn't imply that you're stupid. Everything I know about you is from your short post. Maybe you already know everything I said. If so, there's no harm done if I re-state it. If not, then I've helped you. I always err on the side of "too much information" instead of "too little" when helping someone. True, but still wouldn't solve the problem: the best outcome and worst outcome look the same in that data set ($0 raised). No hard feelings. Text is a poor medium to convey tone, and misunderstandings happen. It seems as though you're unnecessarily hard on yourself, and I hope that improves as time goes on. What you're describing in interviews (penalizing slower coders, even though they'll eventually get the right answer) has been discussed a lot on HN recently. The consensus seems to be this: a lot of companies do code tests, and they do care about speed, but those companies are wrong. It's not a good way of testing someone's usefulness as an employee. That said, there definitely are companies who do not hire this way. As you spend more time coding on your own, rather than fixing bugs, you'll get faster, and these tests will no longer be an obstacle. Eventually, your resume will be good enough that the tests won't be necessary. If you think you're at a dead end, or you've made mistakes you can't fix, I know how you feel. I've been there several times. And things ended up working out so well that I looked back and wondered how I could have felt so little hope. The same will happen for you, but it does require work. That might include coding in your spare time, going to networking events, asking your friends for tips on job openings, applying to more than 100 companies, or even a drastic career change. But all those activities I mentioned do pay off. Best of luck. It sounds like you're smart and have a lot going for you. Have you applied and failed to get those positions? A lot of companies have trouble filling sales roles, and adding your technical expertise is a huge advantage. I'd imagine any smart hiring manager would at least talk to you. Depending on the frontend, I use either PHP or Node. Python is a better language and more enjoyable to code in, but I often pass my projects on to junior devs to maintain. It's a lot harder to find someone to take over a Python project than a PHP or JavaScript one. All the good Python devs seem to be gobbled up by larger companies. I'm getting into Go now, but I'm hopeful Rust will become the language of the future. I'm desperate for a great type system in a web framework. Elixir is cool, but I don't think I could find anyone to work on it for me. > Increasingly I am using more free/paid SAAS for services like file uploads, emails, storage, monitoring, etc. Yes! I forgot to mention this in my answer. For prototyping, Parse is great. I recently built something in an hour that would've taken me a day in the past. When I get past the prototype, RDS, S3, and Dploy.io are also huge time-savers. Applying for jobs is like sales. If you apply and get rejected, you can ask why you were rejected and use the information to calibrate your next attempt. Entrepreneurship is sales experience. In fact, it's the best kind. Lots of people can develop a product, but getting people to use it (and pay for it!) is really hard and requires sales skills. It's even harder when no one has ever used the product before, and you don't have the benefit of a big brand or glowing testimonials. Someone with your skills and a passion for sales will be a lifeline to many companies. If you don't end up as a Sales Engineer, you could also be on an implementation team (meaning like a customer advocate, not like IT implementation). There are lots of things you could do. Looks like someone is spamming to boost Fox News traffic. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9025405 Edit: maybe not just for Fox News. Seems to be a bunch of links from just-registered users with fishy usernames. There are actually a lot of solutions (cloud-based, as well as local/terminal-based) for this. I can't say that Dploy.io is the best, because I haven't used many others. I will say that it's "good enough" for me -- provides web hooks and allows rollback. Looks like same spammer from last night Reasons to get a dog: 1. Companionship, which will make you happier, less lonely, and less stressed out (assuming you like dogs!) Reasons not to get a dog: 1. You can't spend at least $3,000/year on care. 2. You haven't researched how much of a commitment it will be. 3. You need an attack/guard dog. 4. You want your baby to be dirtier (see article). There definitely are stats showing that people who have gone to Wall St. in previous years are now going to startups (generally MBAs). That's all I really have to offer. Whether or not those people are assholes, like the guy you mentioned, is impossible to know. Why would you be interested in YC? Once you're profitable, you don't need an accelerator. You also need to ask yourself why you need investment. Is it because your profits aren't enough to help you scale? Or is it because you think that a normal lifecycle of a company involves accelerators, seed, A round, etc. etc.? I'm genuinely asking you those questions, by the way. I won't suggest ignoring accelerators only because they give so little equity. At an early stage, it's wrong to think first about equity and then decide who you want to fund you. However, I don't have enough info to say if you're at an early stage or not. If you aren't at an early stage, accelerators won't give you the bang-for-buck that they would for someone else. You should first think about what you need (a certain amount of cash? industry connections? technical people? scaling expertise?) and then contact investors who seem to fit. If you're profitable and you have a take-over-the-world kind of idea, you could get money from pretty much anyone. The problem is that sometimes (not always) being post-revenue hurts your valuation, because it brings take-over-the-world conversations back down to earth. That may be changing these days for all I know, though. Anyway, I'm sorry that none of that is very helpful. When, how, and from whom to get investment is more art/luck than science, and you'll get a different answer from pretty much everyone. You should apply to YC if you think they can help. Couldn't hurt, right? TechStars seems to care less about founders being technical, so that's another route. Edit: One more thing. Raising money takes a minimum of 6 months, and if it's not full-time work, it's pretty close. It may also involve travel. Make sure you budget time/money for the whole process. First of all, a lot of CSS is out of place. It's not at all obvious what you do. You've used a lot of your biggest text to say that you're with us every step of the way, but what does that mean? It's really generic. Also, who are your targeting? What's the pain point that you're solving? What existing service are your replacing in my life? Also there are too many walls of text, and the fonts are too small. Edit: A huge amount of the page is taken up by a person's face. That's not conveying any sort of message, so it should be something blurrier or lower contrast or both. See http://teamtreehouse.com for an example of some of the things I've suggested. -1,000,000 points for being a communication app for business, with mobile users, and not having SSL support. I don't know why specifically, but I can point out some benefits that make creating/releasing React "enlightened self-interest" (i.e. doing something good that is a net-positive for the company). 1. Facebook uses it. Instagram runs on it, and it's used in some other parts of Facebook. If the community tests it, fixes bugs, and creates a generation of young people who are already familiar with it, it's great for Facebook. They have a rock-solid library and a huge pool of potential developers to work on it with no ramp-up time. 2. Great programmers like to invent. One of the most-lauded perks at Google was the ability to spend free time on anything, whether it helped Google or not. Facebook has to offer its engineering teams fun, cutting-edge projects, or some of them will leave. Money alone doesn't retain tech talent. 3. As you implied, Facebook ups its "cool" factor by offering a high-quality product for free, especially when it's at the cutting edge. A recent HN post said "Facebook just taught us how to build web apps" (meaning their recent announcements were a major evolution in the way we build them). That's huge for Facebook as they hire. Again, they can't pay every engineer $30M/year, and even if they could, they'd still have people who wouldn't join the company. They need the intangible stuff, as well. I'm so sorry to link to BuzzFeed, but there's an article[1] on there that says a little about the history of American bathing. The gist is this: due to advertising, we tend to bathe far more frequently than any other country. In most of the rest of the world, going a few days without a bath is totally normal. That said, I'm definitely American and can't get out of the habit of showering every day. 1. http://www.buzzfeed.com/rachelwmiller/how-often-you-really-n... Astroturfing is not a good way to get us on your side, especially when it's this obvious. It could be lack of confidence, but it could also be that they just want to cash out. To some people, a few million might be more than they'll ever need or want. Or maybe they just need cash right now (pay off debt, start a business, upgrade lifestyle) and a few million is enough. Tesla was founded in 2003. That's a long time to wait for any kind of return, and some people are going to be impatient. (The following assumes "front-end" actually means the Arc source code that runs the back-end. The front-end is HTML/CSS/JS and therefore already open source.) I'd personally rather it stay closed. This is a mostly a simple site, except for the spam-prevention logic. Even that logic probably wouldn't be that interesting, because it'll mostly be against generic techniques (which are well-studied) and specific techniques (which aren't applicable to my own projects). If the spam-prevention code were removed before publishing, what would be left is an incredibly simple "comment/post/list" type of site, which are just thin interfaces between browsers and databases (or should be...) It would be interesting to see an Arc code base, but there are similar languages with more active communities to look at, if I want to scratch that itch. So the upside is pretty small for me, and the downside is that it would give spammers a list of all the chinks in the armor. That could ruin the site. In the web space, we're all actually looking for languages that are more rigid (rebelling against PHP, JavaScript, Ruby, etc.) He's part of the rule that tech writers aren't technical people and often write about things they don't understand. As some famous person recently said, there's a huge amount of "intellectual dishonesty" in tech journalism. As a "growth guy", you should know it's irritating when someone (blogger, company, anyone) gets you to click on something and then takes more value from you than you get from them. Your post was just an ad for yourself and your new startup hiding behind clickbait. A more appropriate title would have been "announcing ArtSpot" or something like that. If you don't get that you always have to provide more value for the customer/user than you take for yourself, I wouldn't want you as my growth guy. That said, I found the post creative and your new startup is cool and worthwhile. Just don't clickbait us. I guess I see journalism the old-fashioned way: you're not an expert on everything, but you do research and distill the concepts for regular readers. This guy clearly didn't do research. Yes, Chrome uses a massive amount of memory, but that was originally a feature . Most people had way more memory than they needed at any given time, so Chrome heavily used memory to decrease processing time and therefore improve rendering speed. It also split into many processes to insulate each part of the browser from crashes and security holes. Now that the age of SoCs/tablets/etc is upon us, people don't have as much extra memory as they did when Chrome first arrived. That may have an impact on how usable Chrome is (don't know if it's smart about "dialing down" its memory usage). But this guy didn't mention any of that. Like a modern "journalist", he just wrote about his own anecdotal experiences without learning about the underlying concepts. MBTI is mostly BS[1][2] (although I do find it entertaining) 1. http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/1p2cki/how_scien... 2. https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/give-and-take/201309/go... You can go back and find posts that aggressively argue that any new technology will succeed or fail. Right now, you can find people saying that Tesla has a bright future or that it's going down the toilet. Extreme viewpoints get clicks, especially when they're contrary to popular opinion (like OP). My friend is a neuroscience Ph.D. and has done research into tDCS. She says that tDCS devices sold to the public are certainly a scam, and they may even be unsafe. Don't buy them. She also said that high-quality studies have pretty much uniformly debunked tDCS as having any sort of effect. The only studies with positive results were impossible to reproduce or didn't hold up with larger, better-controlled trials. Whatever positve effect people are getting, they're likely feeling a placebo effect. My friend also often says that the most important factor in alertness (assuming at least a few hours of sleep) is motivation. So someone who gets up to do a job they hate will believe they have less energy, even if they badly want to be awake. Likewise, someone getting up to do a job they love can hardly wait to get up, and they feel extremely alert, even with the same amount of rest. If you haven't heard of them, you haven't used them, so why comment? If you want to know what they are, you could just as easily Google them as post. Do you deploy in clusters? That's my main gap with Docker, and I haven't decided how to cover it. Deis[1] is the frontrunner at the moment, but a DIY solution is more appealing to me. I like to understand all the parts of my stack that I can. 1. http://deis.io I've had an idea for this stewing in my head for a while. It's definitely not a business idea. More like a standard. Think of it as "RSS at the speed of Twitter". Basically, I want URLs to be handles and self-hosted blogs to be posts. I'm still trying to figure out the federation aspect, but aggregators could scan domains for lists of users by checking "johndoe.name/microblog.json", or there could be a centralized server with a list of aggregators. If microblog.json exists, it contains a list of users' URLs, and each of those is a list of posts. Each post has a short, less-than-140-character summary, and it may have a longer version. The aggregator can decide how to display short vs. long, but I'm imagining having the summary be clickable, and then the full text will roll into view. The aggregation server otherwise functions a lot like Twitter. You can follow other people, and it might suggest other people to follow. URLs are long, of course, but there are ways to shorten them. If the user is posting under their domain (johndoe.name), then their handle just becomes the domain. If they're posting under a subdirectory-style URI, like "twitter.com/johndoe", then their subscriber only sees the "johndoe" part. The subscriber doesn't need to know which domain "johndoe" is from, because she chose to subscribe to johndoe and will recognize the handle. If she subscribes to "someotherdomain.com/johndoe", then the aggregator can cleverly distinguish between them (with a tooltip, different colors, small subheading, etc.) An initial aggregator would have to include Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, and any other publicly-hosted blogging service currently used for short posts. That would allow people a smooth transition. I run Linux on my MBP. Because of Docker, I could never use OS X as my everyday dev OS anymore. I need native support. That said, I think you're paying an Apple premium for the MBP that isn't really worth it. I see no mention in your post of whether she's happier now, or whether you believe you're capable of making her happy. I think that's indicative of your relationship problem: you're focused only on yourself, even after a supposed epiphany about how selfish you are. Also, why are you posting this here? It has nothing to do with hacking. If you don't have any close friends that you could say these same things to, you should see a counselor. There's no shame in it -- we all need help sometimes. Excessive drinking is only going to result in feeling worse and, most likely, more alienation. If HTML, ASP.NET, and Arduino are programming languages, that's news to me. Also, under pretty much any definition of "popularity", HTML should probably be #1. For demos, buy a wildcard certificate, and put all of them on subdomains. For projects (assuming you mean something you're releasing to the public), use a reputable SSL provider, however much it costs. The most expensive are a few hundred a year. Even if you have 10 projects running simultaneously (which is unlikely), that's only ~$3k, which is a pretty easy amount of money to make back. A more realistic number of projects is around 3, and a cheap certificate could easily be less than $100. You can change the domains as you shut down and start up new projects, so your total every year doesn't have to be more than a few hundred. This is just the worst article I've ever seen, and the focus on Israel seems like it's hinting at anti-Semitism. I can't figure out any other reason it's mentioned so prominently. They didn't "run the numbers", they googled the numbers. I was expecting someone to have resolved millions of domains and matched them up with IP ranges for each company. There's a lot of space on the landing page, and very little of it is showing off your work. Instead of having us click through to the more detailed screenshots, why not have those on the page? Basically, you could consolidate all the images/content from the whole site onto the landing page, and it'd still be pretty usable. It wouldn't even require much more scrolling than it does now. I use a Moto X (1st gen) and iPhone 6 every day. I can't tell you the pleasure I get from my Moto X. Obviously Google/Android have more to do with that than Motorola, but it's still a rock-solid, fast, cheap, easy-to-hold device. My iPhone 6, on the other hand, is an endless source of bugs and frustration. In short: shut up, Jony Ive. Not everyone is like you. You can't dictate taste. Whole-heartedly disagree. Of all web languages, PHP is the one that needs a framework the least. For one thing, PHP abstracts a lot to begin with. For another, there are so many libraries available, that it's much easier to just tie libraries together. Here's a good dev process: - Create index.php, which includes Composer's autoload.php - Get a routing library - Add each URI and its accompanying action, and introduce new libraries as you need to That way, your code is very explicit. No magic, no functionality controlled by config files (or, worse, comments!) You can see what each object does by reading the source. Browsers don't automatically assume that https://something is the same as http://something , and they won't redirect you between those. This is an issue in the way Archive.org has set up their servers. So you want a company to waste money coding a static website by hand when they could just as easily use Squarespace? Entrepreneurship is about doing a lot with as little as possible. Groupon started as a WordPress site. That should be the goal of any MVP: if you can do it in 1 hour on WordPress or something similar that's pre-packaged, don't spend a week reinventing the wheel. Unzip the APK and find out. I got the API from this site: http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ (app path is com.facebook.katana) The extracted APK only totaled 51.6 MB. A lot of it was from the assets and libraries, as you might imagine. It doesn't explain why the size on OP's device was so large. If you want an answer to this, then you should rely on StackExchange or whatever Q&A platform you choose. That audience is a concentrated population of people who want to give you an answer. HN is not. It's primarily a social news site, but people do share programming problems. What you have here is not a programming problem. You have a very specific issue with a particular third-party application. Whether it's a Magento bug, your own failure to read documentation, or a bug in your own installation, it's not intellectually interesting. StackExchange (and similar sites) do a good job of giving you traffic from people who can solve your problem. Adding the post to HN is unlikely to help much, and it's not what this venue is used for. That's how you do it. If they don't agree, it's probably not going to be easy to do business with them anyway. It might be easiest for you to set up an escrow, though. If you make good use of Slack or video chat, there's very little impact on communication or productivity. There's actually a lot of research showing that productivity is much better when people have privacy and quiet (the opposite of an "open office"). However, the rapport and happiness of your team might suffer if they all work remotely. It's not a good lifestyle for everyone. Also, keep in mind that there are many large cities with a very reasonable cost of living. You can have an office (with the option to work remotely) in one such city. Houston, Atlanta, and Nashville come to mind, but I'm not an expert. The idea that it's "Silicon Valley or bust" is totally ridiculous unless you're planning to launch a B2C product that requires lots of runway and, therefore, investment. The dress is blue and black. Scientific explanation: http://www.wired.com/2015/02/science-one-agrees-color-dress/ Actual photo: http://swiked.tumblr.com/post/112158479910/trinititties-snac... Zend now has a much larger, better-funded competitor with better engineers -- Facebook. I agree that it was a bad thing that Zend was trying to dominate the PHP community, but there's no longer a monopoly. I strongly disagree that developers are a difficult consumer base. They're actually one of the easiest, and I'm constantly on the lookout for something to sell to them. Why? They're smart, inquisitive, and have money. In very few industries do you get all three of those things. Most importantly, great developers are also lazy. Someone who pathologically tries to automate things hates doing tedious work, and profiling, reading logs, and setting up alert systems is tedious, mindless work. In fact, when developers find something that seems like it could be tedious or repetitive, they'll generally Google a solution, rather than just doing it. That makes it much easier to market something to them. New Relic simply identified a need for this nearly-perfect market, and they weren't "schlep blind"[1]. If you don't know why it's a schlep, try scaling a system like theirs. It's a nightmare. Edit: If you don't believe devs are a great market, look at some of the other meteoric rises in recent years: Stripe and Slack. They did something that many other companies had already been doing, but they did it in a much more developer-friendly way. 1. http://paulgraham.com/schlep.html If I remember correctly, Facebook was submitting PHP patches for a long time, especially when they concerned security. And once there's 100% parity between HHVM and Zend's interpreter, why would I, as a user, care whether the competitors are working on the same product? Honestly, by creating a spec and a new implementation from scratch, Facebook has done far more (in far less time) for PHP than Zend has in the last 5+ years. I liked this, thought it was funny, and upvoted it. However, some people derive pleasure from wildly-speculative or prematurely-reported stories. A lot of reporting on scientific breakthroughs is like that, in fact. It is the worst market to sell to. Deals of any substance take years at a minimum. There's no accountability, either -- your deal can get canceled for no reason at any time. The sales cycle is astronomically expensive, and the required SLAs are incredibly extensive and costly. There's a reason governments rarely, if ever, do business with small startups without massive amounts of cash. As far as happiness goes, this are already measured in its most relevant form as approval ratings, and it's done so with varying degrees of accuracy by professional polling organizations. If you've been following FiveThirtyEight, you'll know that polls have become exceedingly difficult to conduct with accuracy. People just don't respond to them like they used to, and it's very hard to reach certain segments that are vital to having a representative sample (e.g. low-income Latinos in the US). And besides all that, why would a government want to analyze citizen happiness? It's very naive to believe that career politicians are working to make people happy. They have many complicated personal reasons for doing what they do, along with some combination of desire for fame, influence, or money. No. Windows 8.1 is almost as lean as Android (although for saying that, I'm probably going to be downvoted by the portion of HN that still thinks Windows is the same as it was 15 years ago). As far as price goes, we've seen decent models under $350, and the very low end is under $200: http://www.engadget.com/2015/03/01/lenovo-tablets-mwc2015/ In short, Microsoft has no reason to create a less-functional, web-only version of Windows 8.1. Yes, just as we built an insecure Internet of Not Things. Security is expensive and only becomes a priority when it's too late. Docker itself already provides a very long and thorough newsletter. How does this differ? You have exactly zero evidence that pairing made you sick. I wouldn't over-think it. Somewhat unrelated: feeling ill during a commonplace bacterial or viral infection is usually the result of your immune system fighting that infection. For that reason, people who "never get sick" may actually have fairly depressed immune systems. Rob Conery comes off as a bully here. Regardless of context, they piled onto the guy (who seems to be using his real identity) on Twitter. They even made fun of the commenter's GitHub photo. Absolutely childish and pathetic. I should preface this by saying that there's a huge amount of education research published every year, and it generally falls on deaf ears. (Some of my friends do this research, and it's obviously very dispiriting for them.) I hope that the anecdotes you collect here will simply be a supplement to a review of that research. There are many professors and non-profits that would love to help you. I also want to say that I'm strongly against traditional homework structure. I'm a huge proponent of a flipped classroom[1]. It decreases the opportunity/incentive to cheat, makes learning more social, and uses the teacher's time in a much more effective way. Some background: I come from a family of math geniuses (literally). I'm not one myself, but I was still very above-average at my highly-ranked high school. Because I "just got" math and science without any trouble, I almost never did my homework. I loathed (and still loathe) tedious, repetitive work. The result is that I'm much worse at math and science as an adult. I've forgotten most of calculus and physics. Like all learning, it sticks better with repetition. My brother also skipped his homework. He's so good at math that he can figure pretty much anything out -- there's no element of memorization, like there is for some people. But it does take him longer because his experience at any given math problem is limited or, in some cases, zero. If he were a computer, you could say that his CPU is so powerful, he doesn't have to rely much on RAM. Most humans (like myself), however, have lots of available memory but much less CPU. Keeping some things in memory makes us a lot faster. All this is to say that your students, especially your smart ones, will rebel against doing their homework. For that reason, I'd strongly recommend a reliance on word problems. First of all, word problems are much more like real-life problems. Second, they keep things at least somewhat interesting. Even if the resulting calculations are the same every time, there's some element of puzzle/mystery (as well as variety) with a word problem. I actually studied physics and calculus at the same time, and it made calculus much more interesting when I was always able to connect it to real-world physical problems. I imagined my own context around the dry numbers on the worksheets. So if you do have traditional, take-home homework, try to minimize the monotony, even if the repetitiveness is there by necessity. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom The following is probably going to be unpopular with non-US people on HN, but I realize that it's anecdotal. I hope it's helpful anyway. I've had first-hand experience with about a dozen off-shore devs, and I've heard about dozens more from friends and clients. Every single one of these experiences has been a nightmare. I don't mean "some of them were pretty bad". I mean that 100% of them were disasters. There are many contributing factors to these problems: 1. Dev shops (in all countries) lie about how good/experienced their developers are 2. It's very hard to judge code quality, especially as the code is being written 3. Hourly contracts give companies an incentive to cheat (taking longer to do things, billing for things they didn't really do, etc.) 4. It's almost impossible to hold a company accountable for bad dev work Every time I've managed an off-shore team, I've caught them lying and writing criminally terrible code. And these aren't disreputable, no-name companies. The CEO of Rack Space had personally recommended a company to us, in one instance. They were based in Wisconsin and had US-based account execs, but the devs were in India. I've had many more experiences of coming onto a project after an off-shore team has failed to deliver. In every case, the code had barely been worked on or had to be scrapped entirely. Those situations often result in lawsuits. Not only have I never had a good off-shore experience, I've never even heard of one. In the circles of businesses that I interact with (pre-revenue startups), "some off-shore developers did it" is usually a sneering implication that the work was terrible. So I assume you want to use off-shore developers because they're cheaper. I'd submit to you that they may actually be much more expensive. Paying someone great to work for 100 hours is a lot cheaper than paying 2 terrible people to work for 100 hours each, especially in the long-run where some amount technical debt is a guarantee. The ability to sue in a US court is also incredibly valuable, although out of the many lawsuits I've heard about, none had contracts that were clear enough to result in a quick recovery of costs. (That's a whole other rant: having thorough contracts!) This person may still believe that Google's algorithm heavily rewards keywords in domain names. That particular change resulted in tons of domains like this, so Google decreased the boost significantly. Culture shock is really bad news for a new position or a new hire. It's very difficult to change culture. Your friend needs to be a leader, not someone who is catching up. It's probably not the right place for him to be. It's really hard to parse your tone from your comment, but you seem to be implying that people who think like me are A) wrong and B) advocates of homogeneous, exclusive cultures at companies. I know about the studies showing that diversity is beneficial, and I've seen it anecdotally in my own career. But "culture differences" are not the same as having no idea what your coworkers are talking about (which OP mentioned). There are many instances where big corporate culture and startup culture clash. Those two environments operate very differently, and if you've spent your whole career in one, it's very hard to switch to the other. It has nothing to do with diversity. (Those studies were about race and gender.) I've worked with people from India, Ukraine, Croatia, the Philippines, Romania, and Poland. The cultures differ wildly between those places. The Romanians I worked with, for example, were very non-confrontational and agreeable to a fault. That made it really pleasant to work with them, but it also screwed us over many times because they wouldn't admit that they were going to miss a deadline or that they disagreed about something important. The quality of work also differed. On the low end of the quality spectrum, the work was so bad that it was actually laughable. I wondered how someone could write code that bad without trying. On the high end of the spectrum, the code was organized semi-logically into objects, but without any consistency or rationale. It wasn't much better than spaghetti code, and it was still utterly unusable. If you work very closely with the parents and get them on board, you'll stand a much better chance of getting the homework done (even if the student doesn't enjoy it). I've known friends' parents who believed all their kids' homework was being done or that it was busy work, so they never monitored it or forced their kid to do it. This is an irritating title. My API authentication certainly is not vulnerable to known CSRF attacks, and implying that the article was about some new/unknown/complex vulnerability made me click it. The title would more aptly be: "One way to avoid a basic CSRF vulnerability" I've never found a reliable way to identify a good developer vs a bad one. At an individual level, you ideally want someone who has written an entire application many times. With shops, you often get junior guys/girls who have only written modules to fit into other people's architecture. How to find, afford, hire, and retain tech talent is probably the hardest and most common problem for startups, and there's nothing close to a repeatable, universal solution. > and try and blow up the deal or company Never do that. Not only does it create bad blood, which could only be bad for you in the long run, it may also leave you open to a lawsuit. The business world is often about shoveling shit. People who always get their revenge tend to have no friends and lots of burned bridges. First, I was against doing intentional harm. I absolutely think s/he should walk away, but making enemies doesn't solve any problems and certainly could create some. Second, you seem not to understand the difference between "breaking the law" and "getting sued". Intentionally screwing over a company can be both legal and lead to a lawsuit that you end up losing. It was .ly, then it became .co, and now it's .io. Note, though, that the implicit "I/O" reference in .io means that it's more often used for products aimed at a technical audience. So as a replacement for .com, I'm not really sure what the frontrunner is now. A few other trends that are similarly related to the .com shortage: adding "get" to the beginning of the domain or "app"/"hq" to the end. We're probably at the end of the "everyone wants a .com/.co/.io" era though. People will start to use TLDs that have semantic value ("beer.club" instead of "beerclubapp.com" for example) Related to #1: Mail.com doesn't offer two-factor auth, which is disgraceful. Your analysis that the current paradigm is wasteful and poor UX is correct, but that doesn't mean things will change in the next couple of decades. Mobile phones have been important for nearly 10 years, and many companies still don't have a mobile-friendly website. As the rate of technological advancement increases, businesses will large even farther behind. As far as what's next: it's probably some descendant of Google Now, with third-party integration. I don't think the current solution is perfect, but some day I should be able to say "Tell ____ I'm going to be 10 minutes late" or "Cancel my last Amazon order", and the phone will do it. The Moto X, Amazon Echo, and other "always listening" devices are the first step in that direction. There was a widely-circulated study a few years ago that showed that those policies result in lower security. The advantage of a forced reset is this: if your password has been stolen but not yet used , then you're locking the thief out. The disadvantage is this: the greater password strength that is required and the more times someone has to come up with a new password, the more often they'll take shortcuts. Those shortcuts result in easier brute-force or heuristic attacks. So if you look at the advantage, it's very small and potentially non-existent. It's rare to steal a password from a high-value target and then sit on it, especially for as long as a few months. Looking at the disadvantage, it's actually very high, and it makes it easier to steal passwords in the first place. I didn't understand what this was about, based on the title. As it turned out, it's an incredibly interesting, important, and sad essay on the severe consequences that exist for women who fight for their own physical/emotional safety (and the safety of others). If you want to know how people can repeatedly rape coworkers and get away with it, you should read this article. Depends on what you mean by "decentralized". Email is technically decentralized. Many of us use hosted mail services, but we could just as easily use our own PC as a mail server. There are similarly decentralized chat services, such as XMPP. You can't become a massive consumer brand without eventually appealing to cheeseheads. Growth demands an expansion of your target audience, and public ownership demands growth. This is asinine. Name one startup (or even a personal anecdote) that has failed because the company stopped making products for its customers and started making products for its employees. It just doesn't happen because even an idiot knows that you can't make any money if you stop running your business. There's a ton of research showing that happy employees produce better products, and the money you spend keeping employees happen often ends up saving money in the long-run. There are also people like Richard Branson, who have built their empires on the concept that they should prioritize employees' happiness. It still doesn't make sense. What is a real-world example of what you're talking about? New technology creates some jobs and eliminates others. The net effect is impossible to know exactly. There are just too many variables. Whiteboard interviews are complete bullshit. I know that not everyone is lucky enough to work for companies that know that, but you should try. Slightly more related to your question: once you get to a certain point, you shouldn't still be doing whiteboard interviews. Your resume and completed projects should tell the interviewers that you can code, or you should be moving to management (if that's your thing). I never even ask technical questions of someone who has good references from a few companies. A lot of the info here is straight-up wrong. The author is misinformed about so much that it's hard to take his/her argument seriously. I'll pull out only one because I don't care much about making this argument: > OS running Docker becomes DockerOS. It is not UNIX-like OS. All you default standard commands like ps, ls, find, netstat, sockstat, tail and similar are useless here. You have to learn all that bunch of yet another new commands with totally different behaviour. Those commands work fine. You just have to connect to the Docker container in some cases. In others, the output is different, but what's what you want/expect. The main issue with this site is not the factual inaccuracies, but that the author doesn't understand what Docker can/should be used for. It's not a drop-in replacement for VMs. It's not for people who can't use the latest kernel or their choice of OS. It's also not for non-Linux (production) machines. I understand what Docker is and isn't, and I use it accordingly. Everyone should understand their tools and make a decision for themselves. As a frontend container management, Docker is amazing. As a replacement for VMs, it's sometimes much better and sometimes much worse. As far as I've used it (which is just Docker, not the other tools in their ecosystem): it's a mostly-baked, not-very-secure way to reliably, repeatably deploy multiple code bases to a single host. I use it for development, instead of Vagrant or something. Since Docker runs my existing setup scripts, I can still have a close-enough production server set up in a few minutes. The holy grail is to be able to use Docker for production, but I'm just not there yet. I haven't done enough research into various security practices, and what I've seen so far is not reassuring. It's still early in Docker's lifecycle, so I'm not worried about the parts that aren't 100% complete. I understand that avoiding whiteboard interviews isn't always possible. I'd just suggest OP (and anyone else) try and see if they can. It's never legally required to pay the founders. The founders' equity, which should be vesting over time, can be considered their only compensation. Be forewarned that this can still lead to massive tax pains later on if an 83(b) election isn't filed[1]. No matter how broke you are, you should be able to find a lawyer who can help you get set up. You can use the same founding documents, amendments, and appendices for your future bootstrapped ventures, so it's worth doing it right. Some firms will take equity in exchange for legal work, so that's also something to consider. I've never used a firm like that, so I don't know how that all works. A dangerous and extremely common side effect of doing your own legal work is in-fighting with co-founders. When you have rock-solid, thorough founding documents, you've already agreed on what to do for an exhaustive list of contingenies: what happens if someone wants to leave, if someone isn't pulling their weight, if someone dies, etc. etc. My founding docs are about 50 pages. It's extremely important that you set everything up right, and it shouldn't cost you more than $1,500. I've known firms that will give you a boilerplate package for your particular state for about $500, so shop around. 1. http://www.startupcompanylawyer.com/2008/02/15/what-is-an-83... (I'm not a lawyer. None of the following is legal advice.) 1. YC is not gospel, and (by definition) none of their companies are bootstrapped. That means their experience and advice aren't necessarily targeted at people like you. 2. Clerky isn't a substitute for a real lawyer. You and your co-founders might have needs/preferences that aren't represented by a "fill-in-the-blank" document. 3. Clerky is YC-backed, so the recommendation to use Clerky should be taken with a grain of salt. I can't stress this enough: talk to an experienced, real-life startup lawyer . There is no substitute. I know that seems old-fashioned or inefficient to our crowd, but I've learned the hard way on several occasions that you shouldn't do your own legal work. The cost of getting a professional to do it is so low that it's a no-brainer. Related to the law you mentioned: it doesn't matter what the vesting schedule is. 20% is 20%. Furthermore, the law is similar to the internship law. Someone has to feel wronged and then report you to the govt or sue you in order for it to be a problem. Basically the law is trying to protect early employees from being exploited. It's not really targeting founders. Of course, you should verify those statements with a lawyer, as I might be wrong. Disagree (in some cases). Many side projects will go months with no cashflow, which is fine because the owner(s) have day jobs. No cash to pay salaries for a funded or full-time startup does mean that the startup is dead, though. Depends on how powerful each party is. As an individual or small company, the NDAs you give to others are totally meaningless. You generally don't have the desire/funds to pursue people who violate the contract, and it's often difficult to prove anything. Large/smart companies will also realize that they have all the power, and they'll include upper limits to the damages they have to pay. One of my companies was recently, egregiously ripped off by one of the 3 largest insurance companies in the world, and they had capped their liability at $100k. Fortunately, there was easy-to-prove malice, so they will end up having to pay us some day. If you're the one signing the NDA and the other party is large and powerful, you actually could be successfully sued. So in short: NDAs are powerful when you have the resources to back them up with lawsuits. As a developer, I've signed NDAs and non-competes for many small-to-medium businesses, and I've never been tempted to violate them, so I can't attest to the validity of that situation. It's very likely that they could pursue you legally for releasing your app in the same space after working on theirs. They might be ultimately destined to lose, but they'd pursue you based on the fact that you don't have the resources to fight them. So by signing this NDA, you are very likely (in effect) saying that you won't release your app or discuss it. It depends on the exact wording, though. If your app is important to you, you need do one or more of the following: 1. Ask the company directly about the release of your app and get it in writing that your app is not their property and that you can release it without violating agreements with them. 2. Talk to a lawyer (I'm not a lawyer and am not giving you legal advice) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FriendFeed When I recommend my friend for a job, it's to an employer that I know personally. I use email. It happens a few times a year, so I don't care to automate it. I can't imagine any other scenario in which I would recommend my friend for a job (partly because I'm not famous). Also: you obviously created this. Just be genuine and tell us about it. Don't give us a bullshit ad. That experience with the APIs is very valuable, so your work was definitely worthwhile. Very few solo, self-funded, consumer-focused SaaS products go anywhere. The number is very close to zero. So it may be a great idea, but it's very hard to get a user base and then monetize it enough to cover your costs. For this particular concept, I just think most people are using only one social network. The people who are on many are probably power users, and they'll mostly be interested in publishing (e.g. HootSuite).