If ever there was an existence proof of why flowcharts disappeared from engineering discourse, this is it. Seriously, which would be easier to understand: this monster or the 80 lines of code that it would take to actually implement it? Didn't he say that last decade too? I'm pretty sure I still have that book... The really short answer is "how to code". Forget technologies; forget grades. At best, they will get you in the door for an interview. They won't make your a productive employee. If you can produce working, deployable software on your own, then you will succeed. Not that many people can, honestly. If you aren't sure if you can hack, then pick a problem and solve it. If at the end of a week you can give your software to someone else and have them use it successfully, you should be fine. Everything else is fluff, and can be learned on the job. If you can hack, you'll do fine. A section on "memory debugging tools" that doesn't include valgrind? This article is crap, sorry. Lua is kind of a mess, IMHO. There are other options. Here's mine, designed for a similar (small, embeddable) role: http://plausible.org/nasal/ It doesn't have the mindshare that Lua does, nor the history, nor the testing frankly. But honestly (and yeah, I'm biased) Nasal is a cleaner, simpler, more robust and overall better language than Lua, especially for people mor e accustomed to the perl/python/javascript notion of how scripting languages should work. That's mostly a semantic game you're playing. What you term "monolithic framework" is what the author (and, IMHO, most developers) mean by the term "framework". The rest of your post describes what most people are happy to call a "library" or "toolkit", or "utility". Frameworks, as understood by common industry terminology, are defined by providing the vertical integration you are talking about. Because it's easier at the beginning. Doing a big application from scratch requires doing stuff like requirements analysis, which means you need to understand the universe of tools available to make good decisions. Then you need to prototype for a while before settling on the final design (i.e. your custom framework). With rails (or whatever) you get something that works immediately, which feels safer to a lot of folks who don't have the deep toolkit expertise required above. The problem is that while the framework works , you don't actually understand it any better than you do the toolkits, it's just handling stuff for you with (what you understand as) voodoo. So when it comes time to make big design changes in the future, the toolkit folks know exactly where to start, while the framework people are completely lost. I'm not completely against frameworks, but I've seen so many misused that I'm very wary. A stupidly-applied library is usually a point-source bug that can be fixed in one place. A stupidly-applied framework infects the whole application with its mess. Most of us would submit that people might read XML data more often if it didn't look like crap. If all we wanted was a metadata format that was easy for machines to read, we wouldn't have specified it in text. If you're not reading your XML, you're probably using it wrong. And even if you personally don't care, we're still at the mercy of all the developer out there specifying their configuration formats in XML. If you're not reading your configuration files, you're definitely using them wrong. Your point is that XML is good because it is standard. That is valid. The OP link, however, was pointing out that while this is true, it's also true that XML is a very bad choice for that metadata format. Look at things like JSON or YAML for saner, simpler and more readable alternatives. We ended up with XML because it looked like HTML at a time where "web stuff" was all the rage, not because of its inherent value. I'm not quite sure I see the real threat here. Barring remotely exploitable firmware bugs, this family of exploits requires access to the hardware. No security model anywhere can protect a machine from an attacker with physical access... But bookmarks of new pages at least, which are notable for their currency. This is just an emacs site. It's like posting a link to http://google.com and calling it "Search" or something... This is exactly right. The windows implementation of ANSI C89 rand() was done with a 16 bit linear congruential generator back in the win16 days, and left unchanged for compatibility reasons. It's really not an insane choice on their part. Lots of applications really do rely on PRNG repeatability, and you wouldn't want a platform upgrade to interfere with that. The real lesson is that applications with solid randomness requirements need to be relying on their own generators (there are lots to choose from) or an OS-supplied RNG (e.g. /dev/urandom) and not ANSI C, which is underspecified. The author seems to have more depth in theory than in practice, unfortunately. The first function examined, and casually discarded (without attribution) is the Dan Bernstein djb2 function. This is a very popular function, largely because of its extreme simplicity ("multiply by 33 and add/xor in the next byte") and comparative robustness (it's VERY strong for a one-line algorithm). Neither of these benefits seem to be of interest, though, so he drops this one on the floor and he then trots off to examine a bunch of 20-30 line monsters. Which is interesting enough, but not terribly useful to someone who actually wants to implement, y'know, a real-world hash table. djb2 happens to be a favorite of mine, it's a great thing to keep in your head for when you need a nice robust mixing function. If you really have requirements that go beyond what it can provide, you're probably better off just using a cryptographic hash than trying to internalize the stuff in this article. Given that digest hashes are the strongest algorithms available anyway, all the advice here is just carefully disguised premature optimization, IMHO. The conclusion doesn't match the story. XYZ wasn't hurt because he wrote maintainable code, but because ABC didn't. XYZ's problem was that he/she wasn't able to maintain poor code. Believe it or not, folks, that's an important skill , and something employers in the corporate/IT world pay big money for. XYZ doesn't have it. ABC may or may not, it's not clear. But the moral here isn't that the market doesn't value good software. It's that the market places more value on the ability to make bad software work. Well, duh. Almost any of them can work well. If you are a competent admin and architect, you can make any distro work. But competent admins and architects generally already know several distros very well and wouldn't get much value from this discussion. So your real problem seems to be that you're worried that you don't have the proper skill set. Basically: you're asking the wrong question. Either develop the expertise yourself, or hire someone who already knows this stuff and trust their judgement. Asking a bunch of internet yahoos for their opinion on a platform choice is just going to cause a flamewar (c.f. bootload's post above). All that being said: I've had plenty of experience on Ubuntu and RHEL/CentOS and like them both. Debian is rougher but works once you know it well. Stay away from Gentoo except as a teaching tool. And *BSD and Solaris are also good choices if you have the staff buy-in (i.e. don't cause friction with your IT folks, let them use what they like). After three decades of minimal-to-mixed success, you would really think people would have figured out by now that RPC is a fundamentally flawed metaphor. It's not pipelineable, which means that it's always going to be slow. It's a deadlock waiting to happen. And it's obscure: it takes the simple notion of calling a method (say, to extract a single field) and hides from the programmer the fact that this simple object might live on another side of a content. Just a disaster. Without exception, every successful network protocol has a query/response structure. Even things that are "technically" based on an "RPC" protocol (NFS) have evolved in this direction for performance and simplicity. Take a look at the code for an NFS stack and see if you can see the "procedure calls" to the remote server. They aren't there. JSON isn't an RPC protocol, it's a data format. And REST is a web architecture, it lives at a higher level (and on top of HTTP, which is not an RPC protocol). RPC architectures are things likes Sun-RPC, CORBA, SOAP, XML-RPC, DCOM/COM+, etc... They model the network as a bunch of objects on which you can call methods/functions from within an existing programming environment. Which sounds like a nifty idea until you try it and discovers that it sucks (see above rant). Alternative for what problem? The issue is that RPC tends to fool people into spamming the network. Where a traditional database query would issue one request and get back a thousand rows of eight columns in a pipelined stream, a (dumb, but entirely plausible) RPC architecture might end up iterating over a thousand remote objects, calling an accessor method for each field, and making thousands of synchronous round trips to the server to accomplish what the SQL query did in just one. This technique doesn't antialias the corners either. It just draws tiny background rectangles with careful margins. But it's pretty clever, IMHO. And a few lines of jquery could automatically add the extra markup at load time. Please. Check the absolutist pedantry at the door. If the technique works and doesn't affect the content management process (which, remember, is the real reason that people want non-semantic markup out of the HTML -- it's so that there's a single place to look for the semantic stuff) then by all means go for it. With just a few lines of jquery you could automate this process based on a single class tag for the "rounded corner" divs or whatnot, and everyone wins. I'm not completely sold that this is easier than image mangement (it probably is for developers who fear graphics work, less so for designers who fear code hackery), but it's awfully clever to my eyes. The most important trick is just to name a price in the first place. Especially in software, if you're good at what you do and the position is a good fit, you are almost guaranteed to be able to get what you ask for, as long as it's not ridiculous. At worst, you'll get a counter-offer. If someone drops you outright it's because they really don't want you and the salary just forces them into a decision. (Or, rarely, it's because they truly can't afford you: you don't want that job, becuase it won't be there for long anyway.) Employers actually hate it when people come in with squishy responses like "Oh, I'm not looking for salary specifically..." because it just makes more work for them. It's much easier if they can say "this person costs this much, do we pay it or not?". Coming up with a "fair" salary is much harder. You realize that Debian will run just fine on that PowerBook, right? The idea of saving up for a new computer to run linux , of all things, sounds awfully alien to me. :) Yikes. It's like a "Fr33 software is teh suxor!" flame written by a literary analysis poseur. Not a lot of insight, but wow, can he nest a dependent clause! Meh. Sure, whatever. Open source hasn't taken over the world, hasn't killed windows, and is most successful on the server. I guess that's "failed" for some interpretations of the term. It's my experience that there's a hugely bimodal distribution in people's feelings on this issue. Some folks like Spolsky just eat it up. Thinking about office space and design turns them on, and it feeds back into being happier with everything (or conversely, working in a gray-carpetted drywall office drives them nuts). That's fine. To each his own. But for a lot of the rest of us, it's just not a big deal. The mechanics of the work environment (good location, quiet, offices with doors, etc...) certainly matter. But the look? Meh. To us, no matter what the physical space is, it's the coworkers who really define the work environment. Just bear that in mind before you decide that you have to write that huge check to the interior designer. At best, pretty space is going to help retain people on the margin: maybe it's a tiebreaker between you and google, etc... But it's never much more than a tiebreaker. Yawn. This article is three years old, and even in 2005 was mostly trite, recycled trash (X11 sucks on a line with 200ms latency? Do tell...). And big chunks of it are just plain wrong (no, stdin and stdout are not always pipes, are not forced to be unidirectional, and yes you can tell the difference) or incomplete (the author apparently has never heard of the scatter/gather I/O using readv/writev, nor kqueues/epoll, and doesn't seem to know much about signals either). Basically everything in this is either wrong or disingenuous. Stay away, it's just flame bait. If you want to read a good flame about unix, "The UNIX-HATER's Handbook" did all this much, much better. Read that. The linked article isn't worth your time. Why? The time to search a three entry vtable (or whatever) is still an order of magnitude lower than the time to fetch the thing from main memory in the first place. Performance optimization stopped being about instruction cycle counting a few years back. Detractors of UTF-8 are just wrong, period. On modern machines, main memory bandwidth gives you about 10 cycles or more per byte of input of free processing. It's irrelevant. And it's important to note that "how many glyphs does this string contain" is a pretty obscure question to be asking in the first place. What's the problem being solved here? The beauty of UTF-8 is that all (all!) of the common string operations continue to work as-is without change. strlen/strdup/strcat/strcpy? Yup, same behavior. Linear search for substrings or regexes? Yup, same behavior. Alphabetic comparison? Check. Just use it, and don't mess with encodings or you will mess things up. If you don't know how it works, just trust it. If you think you know how it works and still believe it doesn't meet your requirements, you're wrong. Generally, sane file metaphors try very hard not to change stuff in the middle of the file. Try to keep with one "record" (which might be a bigger object than a single row in a database!) per file, and read/write them all in one swoop. If you need indexes other than the one you get for free (the path name, of course), keep them in separate files and make sure your toolchain can rebuild them as needed. The filesystem has looser rules about data loss than the database will by default, so unless you want to handle this yourself (which can be done), you should probably to turn on "ordered data" journalling in your filesystem (e.g. for ext3: "mount -o data=ordered"). Then you only need to be able to recover from a crash (or killing) of your own software, which is a problem you'll have to handle anyway. The classic application for this sort of technique is a mail server. Software like sendmail and postfix has been doing reliable on-disk storage for decades now, and they don't have to jump through too many hoops to do it. I'm not sure I buy all of those arguments. Power supplies (cheap ones, anyway) are, indeed, of pretty mixed quality. But their failure rates show (in my experience, anyway) a distinct "bathtub curve", essentially failing within the first few months or not for several years. For a part like that, a used one can actually be more reliable than a new one, because you're essentially getting the "burn-in" for free. And while, again, it's true that off-brand memory has higher error rates than premium stuff (which, generally, is coming out of the same fabs but testing at higher tolerances), the error rate is (1) still very low, I've only seen one bad DIMM over the last 10 years or so, and (2) trivially easy to test with memtest86. Got a bad stick? Yeah, it sucks, but you just replace it (for $20 or whatever) and move on. It's not a reason to triple your memory cost, IMHO. And disk drives, in my experience, simply don't have a premium/bargain distinction in quality at all . Instead, these things fail in batches. Some 4500 RPM clearance models will churn for years, while some models of 15k RPM SAS monsters like give up the ghost within a few months. You can't win with drives. I don't think I believe those benchmarks. Many of those numbers are significantly slower (!) than main memory bandwidth, and for code like strlen() which can be naively implemented in about three instructions per byte. Something is wrong with the testing, I think. Amen! I'm not really a web developer by nature. The client environment has always driven me nuts: layer on layer of slightly-incompatible cruft. And giant javascript libraries just make the problem worse, not better. jQuery is like a breath of fresh air. I find it absolutely amazing that a library like this (based on minimalism of all things!) actually got mindshare in the modern world. Bravo! No offense, but this sounds a little shady. Maybe part of this is because it's a game project, which inevitably suffer from terminal optimism. But if you really have a working product and more paying users than you can handle, why are you looking for another "founder". This is the time where you should be hiring employees, not splitting the business risk. Must be in the same sense that Altivec was a "breakthrough" in SIMD architecture, or the PPC 601 was a "breakthrough" in CPU design. Apple's history is littered with breakthroughs like this. I'll believe it when I see it. As things stand right now, typical SMP scalability benchmarks put OS X solidly behind even Vista, and trailing Linux and FreeBSD by a mile (I wish I could find a cite for those -- they were doing the rounds a few months back, I think). It's also blurred because people try to apply it to problems for which isn't not appropriate. The central theme of REST is that a single URI corresponds uniquely to a single "thing", which is then operated on using a small set of operations (basically set/get/delete). That's great, if your problem works like that. It's not great if it doesn't. Some protocols really are more appropriately modelled using "methods" on the objects, because the behavior is what matters, not so much the data itself. This is mostly a fallacy. The FreeBSD code is limited almost exclusively to userspace stuff. The Darwin kernel descends much more directly from NeXT's mach-based product. It grew SMP support only very recently, and via a very different path from that taken in the monolithic BSD community. Honestly, I don't understand why Apple continues to work on their own kernel. It has near zero competitive advantage relative to FreeBSD or Linux, and much cost a fortune to maintain. The real value of their product has always been above the kernel anyway: I have to believe that switching the kernel out for a more robust Unix variant can only be a good thing for the Mac. Of protocols that don't work well with REST? Sure: anything that, in the database world, would require transactions. Think of the classic double-entry accounting transaction: you have two accounts, and need to atomically subtract an amount from one and add it to the other. Clearly the accounts are two (or more) REST URIs. But the operation needs to be atomic on both; it's not enough just to do two PUT/POST operations. You can do it with REST, but it requires some fancy footwork with extra objects for "locks" or whatnot. It's just a mess. With a protocol that exposes behavior instead of state? It's just a "DEBIT" command that takes two accounts and an amount and returns success or failure. Basically: pick the tool for the job. A lot of the "problems" with REST are an attempt to make the hype more powerful than the technique. No, no, no. That's not RESTful at all. What "thing" does /transactions represent? It's the same URI for every single account in the world? What you've done is break out of the paradigm in order to solve a particular problem, which is great. But don't call it "REST", because the whole point of this discussion is that doing so confuses people about what REST is supposed to mean. You're making the assumption that such a chip would reach market at the same time and in the same condition. The existing chip design companies are, in fact, really good at what they do, and they are rushing these things to market about as fast as can be done. Hardware product cycles are much longer than those for software, especially if you are trying to "innovate" like you posit. You can't just rev a new chipset for ever device release. I watched a demo of a video call on NTT DoCoMo's WCDMA network in early 2004. Yawn. Don't joke: as sad as it sounds, this truly was a huge innovation. No phone device anywhere had ever had a GUI interface to voice mail messages before. At best, it was a clunky front end to the button-activated service we'd been using for 20 years. Just had to jump on this: 640k was no more an "artificial" limit than 4G is. The 8086, like all CPUs, had only a finite amount of die space. They chose to implement a 20 bit wide bus, because that fit the problem space of a contemporary minicomputer (the biggets PDP/11 had 4MB). But they didn't have space for paging or mapping hardware, so the operating system needed to reserve some space for hardware (video framebuffers, etc...) to use. So thus was born the 640k/384k memory mapping of PC-DOS. It made perfect sense given the limitations of the hardware. Now, IBM could have chosen a different part like the 68000, which was a bigger and more expensive chip that had an internal 32 bit architecture. But they didn't, for some pretty justifiable reasons (like the need to compete with computers like the Apple II which were under $2k). Honestly, you're wrong. The point here is not whether "you" know better than the desktop software does whether or not what you are doing is "safe". The point is that no one does: 2-300 people, or more, were involved in writing the software you're about to run as root. It's a huge amount of code, and no one can even pretend to have audited all of it for security issues. And, in point of fact, vulnerabilities are discovered in this stuff all the time. Running that stuff as root is just dumb. If linux attracted even a tenth as much attention from black hats as does windows, and you did anything non-trivial (e.g. surfing) with that box, you would be more or less guaranteed to see it rooted at some point. So the desktop developers, being responsible about this stuff, are trying to warn you. You are just choosing not to listen. Like I said: you're wrong. I think that your causation direction is reversed. Good debugging requires solid understanding of the syntax and behavior first. If you don't have it, then you're just flailing at the tool. I see people do this all the time: using debuggers to try to get information they could get trivially by reading the code, or randomly changing things in the code and retesting instead of carefully watching something in a debugger. This kind of thing is a standard trope of investment news. Some market somewhere moves unexpectedly, so some journalist finds an analyst who predicted it and writes a story on "how they knew". It's a giant game of confirmation bias at work. That doesn't, by the way, mean that we aren't in for a rough few years (although depression-era hunger lines seem a step or nine too far to me). It just means that this guy doesn't statistically know any better than we do. He was just lucky. Ahem: "Scientists confirm that PARTS OF earliest genetic material came from the stars." You took an already over-sensationalized article title and editted out even the tiny hint of rationality it had left . Shame on you. From later in the article: "The materials they have found include the molecules uracil and xanthine". This isn't DNA, it's like finding a clay pit and announcing "Our house came from under the earth!". Sigh... [EDIT: I see the article title has been fixed to better reflect the source. Many thanks.] Truthfully, no, it's not all that significant. Here are the relevant wikipedia entries on those molecules: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uracil http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanthine These are simple molecules. Many organic molecules (including some more complicated than this) have been found in space, either in meteorites or spectrally. This are significant only because they're chemically related to what life ultimately ended up using here on earth (or at least Uracil is, being an RNA pair base -- I have no idea what the Xanthine connection is, honestly). Really, this isn't all that surprising. This is all well and good. A product that people will buy because of brand (an iPhone, say) is worth more than one people buy because of what it is (a generic smartphone, in this context). So brand is a good thing to strive for. But there are other "decommodification" techniques that don't work so well. The same thing that gives you that great apple goodness is the reason we're all suffering with DRM, vendor lock-in, and senseless incompatibility. These are all just variants on the same theme: don't make things simple for the consumer, force them to "choose" you over your competitors. On the whole, I'd rather live in a world of commodities than brands, honestly. Agreed. This article seems like a good idea (essentially: "don't write needless code", and "don't expose fine-grained stuff you don't have to") extended to the point of pedantry. Certainly accessor methods can be clean and useful, especially for things like computed or read-only values. They certainly aren't a red flag for maintainability by themselves. I think the author is a little confused on terminology. The list management he's talking about, while a core part of the LISP metaphor, isn't normally considered part of "functional programming", which exploits more subtle stuff like lexical closures instead of "code-only" function/method references (a lambda is much more than just a function pointer!). Now, I'm not up on my .NET these days, but I'm all but certain a C# function is still a classic CPU call, with its data living on a normal CPU stack and not stashed into the heap somewhere where it can be found by a closure. Am I wrong? Hunh. Yuck. So how does that work at the instruction level? It seems like the generated code needs to take one of two wildly divergent paths depending on whether or not a scope includes a lambda or not. Either that, or you need to malloc the stack frame of every function that gets called, which is equally a mess. This is it in a nutshell. The practical problems like ObjC aren't an issue for OS X, so there's no reason for them to be so for the iPhone. It's largely a similar environment. And the more high-brow arguments about lock-in and freedom are true, but obscure the simpler point: sorry, but I'm just not interested in paying $99 and waiting on a list for months just to run a program on my own phone! Android has the distinct and notable advantage of actually being a working target platform for the people who want to play with it. Apple will no doubt attract a few established developers to the iPhone, but all the cool stuff will be happening on Google's platform. It depends. Certainly a suit is never going to be helpful when interviewing at any true technology company, whether it be a startup or not. But the idea that it would hurt is situational: certainly if a mid-career professional walks into an interview in a $500 suit, his/her attire just screams "I've been writing VB code for 10 years in an IT department." But if it's on a recent graduate, or an amateur trying to break into hacking as a profession, not so much. There, it's just a sign of naivete. It's cute, not dumb. It might be awkward, but at least it shows the candidate cares about the position. That sometimes works, if the company is large enough to have real profits but small enough for the individual's contribution to matter. There's nothing wrong with incentives, really, as long as they are (1) meaningful, and (2) fair. But in practice, they never are, so Joel's points are all valid. Really, this is just another special case of "bad management sucks". A good manager in a good system is capable of providing incentives that motivate her employees. A bad one can't, but will do it anyway. So it looks like the bad incentives are the problem, when really it's the process that's flawed. Yes, that's the source of the symbols. Some people like them, some think they're unprofessional, yada yada. But I've never once had someone try to interpret "foo" as profanity... M-x flyspell-mode Get yourself a real editor, kid. Yeah, but that's not an impossible hiring model. 37signals has built their public face on a "rock star" image among the hacker class. So this is really just part of the schtick. Certainly, yes, they need to be good to their employees. But part of that means being good to their existing employees, who no doubt have bought into the rock star thing. Whoever gets this position gets to sit in that chair thinking how much better they are than all those idiots mentioned in the blog. Uh... it was an emacs vs. vi joke. I know (or rather, am completely unsurprised) that vim can do dynamic spell checking too. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if textpad could do it too. Not necessarily as it should be. Many modern business models really are, at their core, automation problems. Think of the heavily automated factory, or brokerage. These firms clearly need "domain expertise" in what they do, but the minute-to-minute operation of the business is done not by the experts, but by the automation systems. In such a circumstance, it might make sense for the "IT" department to actually run the show, and use the experts in a consulting role. Instead, as the linked blog points out, the opposite is usually true. And it's not like this hasn't been done. Look at Amazon: that's exactly what they are. Business-wise, they're just another mail order retailer. But they think of themselves as a software company, and they've been immensely successful. I guess there's sort of a chicken and egg thing here, so your point isn't really falsifiable. But again, the way Amazon is structured is as a software company. They build a product, and then hand that off to the operations side to implement. The big movers and decision makers in the company are on the product development side, and not on the implementation side. That structure is the reverse of the typical corporate IT structure, where the people developing the product are routinely taking orders from the people who need to use those products. I haven't finished reading the article yet, but this strikes me as a classic example of innapropriate generalization. The hip-hop culture example seems to reinforce the argument, but many other subcultures fail: think of the french aristocracy in the 18th century as a classic example of conspicuous consumption. Or the roaring 20's. Or various calvinist groups of the 17th century as examples of the austere poor. Or... The point being that the variation in visible consumption between groups is vast, and this article picked just two groups two compare. It's junk science. And IMHO, it's borderline racist. Amen. This is one of those pedantries that has outlived its justification. Look: can tables be misused? Yes. Have they been? Yes. Does a static HTML file filled with tables for layout obscure the semantics for things like screen-readers? Sure. Does any of that have anything to do with whether or not a table should be used for layout? Not that I can see. Two or three lines of jQuery will pack those divs into your table by class. The weirdest part of all of this is the idea that CSS is "just as good" for typical layout tasks. Not only is it not as good, it's a near-disaster. Nothing works right, ever. It's never possible to just say "line these elements up and put these others to their side" without jumping through awful hoops. Seriously: look at the "layout" CSS for any serious site and it's almost unreadable. GUI developers have understood this for two decades now, and universally settled on the table as the appropriate layout mechanism. Why the web should somehow be different just baffles me. They don't. A table row has exactly the same recursive structure as a definition list, and will be treated the same way by a screenreader. It's kinda sad how many people like to play the "accessibility card" without any actual understanding of how those technologies work. What screenreaders do have trouble with, however, is static layouts where the "meaningful" content is buried six levels deep, and often at the end of the logical document, just to make room for a bunch of navigation aids and advertisements. That, however, isn't a reason not to use tables where they help. Also, note that with just a tiny amount of javascript it's possible to come up with a document that displays in a nice table layout and has a nice logical structure for screenreaders. It just requires that you get beyond the pedantry of the table. "I will never know exactly how a microprocessor works - but that doesn't impede my programming skills" Yes it does . To pick just a single example: if you don't understand how your CPUs cache architecture works, and how it interacts with hardware paging (and ultimately swapping), you aren't qualified to do performance analysis at all . But you will anyway, and you will get it wrong, and you will forever be wondering why your MySQL database doesn't scale properly. Or why adding a bunch of RAM to the box didn't work the way you expected. Or you'll write dumb "optimized" code with local copies of things that could be computed, and fail to understand the benchmarks showing why it doesn't work. As a programmer, you are a user of a tool. If you want to be an effective user of that tool, you need to have some understanding of how it works. No, you don't need to be a fully trained ASIC design architect, or semiconductor process engineer, or solid state physicist. But yes: you should understand how a circuit works, and what the parts of your computer are, and how they interact. And your statement that "specialists" can get by without knowing "a little about a lot" just confuses me. Every talented "specialist" I've ever known has an encyclopedic knowlege of all sorts of things outside their specialty. A better word for a "specialist" that only knows their specialty is probably just "worker", or "lackey". Hrmph. The article starts out with this weird meta-argument about degree programs and accreditation (not enough game developers because there's no standard curriculum? Please...) which makes not sense to me. And finally it gets to the meat of the argument which seems to be: "The games developers say that they are struggling to find in the UK the kind of high-powered mathematicians and computer scientists that they need to build increasingly sophisticated products." Get in line, folks. News flash: 3D graphics programming is hard, and can't be done by typical IT employees. If you want these rare people to work for you, how about offering higher salaries than your competitors? Understood in this context, what the bit about degree programs and accreditation really means is: we can't find enough smart kids willing to work for cheap any more. Cry me a river. No, that's a canard. Whatever your particular religion is about language choice, anyone capable of doing 3D programming is more than talented enough to be able to be productive in C++, irrespective of what they were taught in school. The problem is that modern game engine development is hard. People who solve hard problems for a living are expensive, and the games industry isn't used to paying that kind of salary. TextMate is easier to learn . Once you know emacs or vim, there really aren't any tools that are more productive to use. But the trick is that you have to really know the tools. It's not enough to fire it up and try it for a while. You need to use it full time (for everything: mail, documentation, notes, poetry -- editors aren't just for code) for a good while. Get the keystrokes into your fingers. Emacs users should think seriously about remapping Ctrl to the left of "A" where it was when the bindings were designed. Keep your hands off the mouse as much as possible. Learn the various tools and modes if you like, but above all get used to the idea of living in your editor. What you'll find is that the modern GUI mechanisms for interacting with code are just terribly awkward. You'll start using keystrokes for other stuff too (like Alt-Tabbing to your command line), and everything will fall into place. Eventually, you'll start writing rants like this one trying to convince all the young'uns about how wrong they are about what they want in their tools. It's a little spun, I think. Clearly there were earlier computers (like ENIAC and Colossus, which the article mentions) that also pioneered critical innovations. Equally clearly, there were many more inventions to come. The article seems to pick out "program stored in volatile memory" (ENIAC, at least, was hand-programmed offline. I'm not sure about Colossus) as the defining characteristic of the "modern computer". Meh. I might argue that CMOS VLSI process technology was actually more important, being the biggest "hard part" of figuring out how to manufacture the actual computers we use in modernity. But whatever, everyone has their own favorites I'm sure: do we all get to write articles for the BBC? Have you tried the online tutorial? It's in the help menu of the GNU build (not sure about "Aquamacs"), or you can run it with "C-h t". Indeed. And, given the "XX in less than YY lines of code" framing of the title, I was actually hoping for something a little more along the lines of clever code. This this is a pretty pedestrian interpreter, honestly. It's not bad code, just ... exactly what I would expect an interpreter for a tiny language to look like. Almost all of this stuff is taken out of context. Almost all of them are statements about immediate practicality, not predictions of the future. When Kelvin said that, there wasn't even a hint of an engine that could actually power an airplane. He was basically right: in the middle of the 19th century, the Wright brothers would have failed to produce an airplane. Likewise the Western Union quote about the telephone. The devices demonstrated in 1878 really were primitive, and competed very poorly with telegrams for rapid communication. But yeah, it's all funny. Find me a family-run retail store that can get the prices that Walmart gets from its suppliers. It's not even close. Large corporations are big and slow. They make poor decisions a lot. But they got big by doing at least one thing right. Sometimes it's just an efficiency of scale, but it's an efficency nonetheless. In software specifically, it is sometimes possible for a startup to outcompete an established competitor, but certainly not always. And outside of software it's almost unheard of: try to displace Exxon/Mobil by being "smart" and "agile", for example. I've lived and shopped in the bay area, and I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Sure, I'm sure you can find an item at one store that's cheaper than a "similar" item at another store. But to claim that your local grocer or the vendors in chinatown are getting the same upstream prices as Walmart (!) is just madness. Seriously: go to a Walmart some time (you'll obviously need to get out of SF for this; I vaguely remember there being one in Fremont) with a notepad, find some prices on whatever you want, then go find an identical item at a locally-owned place. Yeah. It was The Road Ahead that caused them trouble. An unhandled case is only one kind of bug. Needless to say, filling in all those entries in your spreadsheet says absolutely nothing about whether those decisions are correct . Look, this is a gimmick. Not having used such a tool, I'm not going to say that it's worthless. But I will say that I'm very suspicious of anyone who looks to gimmicks as the Salvation of Modern Programming. I've seen it too many times. The final project for everyone in my intro course was to write a LISP interpreter. Have we fallen so far? To be fair: neither is having a degree evidence that one has actually mastered the subjects it covers. Hell, I have a degree and regularly read wikipedia articles on all sorts of subjects, including computer science. Does that invalidate my degree? Even a billion won't do. You can't write a "platform" from scratch. It just doesn't work. All successful platforms (yes, every last one of them) started out their life as useful tools with limited scope: the original Macintosh, Unix, Java, Rails, even windows. All of these things started out as specific products to fill a specific niche. The only plausible counter-example I can think of off-hand is .NET. But even there, it started out not as a new from-scratch platform, but basically as a clone of Java with some windows-specific bits thrown in. So maybe a billion is enough if you're just trying to compete, not innovate. Gmail serves its content via HTTPS, which isn't (statefully) proxyable or cachable by design. The explanation from Google makes no sense. If they're serving readable/unencrypted content to anything but the end user's web browser then they have a serious security flaw. And it goes much deeper than just the API. The whole architecture is a shambles. Some of this may have been fixed in the four happy years since I touched the platform, but some of the highlights I can remember: + No static data. The linker pukes if you have a global variable somewhere. If it's not on the stack or heap, the OS can't handle it. This, of course, means that basically all useful C code from other platforms will fail to build by design on Symbian. + Their "linker" was this awful two-stage thing that used a custom ARM gcc build to generate a windows-style PE-COFF DLL (?), which then got munged by another gadget into their actual native format. Yes, it seems they literally could not figure out how to write a GNU ld linker script... + No blocking I/O calls at all, again insuring that otherwise common idioms (like, say, reading a file) require elaborate contortions using their "Active Object" abstraction, which is a clumsy event handler with a ton of scaffolding around it. + No notion of users, or file permissions, or anything that might be interpreted as a security model. I could go on, but this is the stuff I can pull off the top of my head. Really, this platform is a disaster. Just let it die. Prior existence is only one of the tests for trademark validity, although I certainly can't claim any special knowledge of this case or German trademark law. It's fairly common in a dispute like this for both sides to make various arguments about the other sides claims. It's certainly not "sneaky". Yeah, exactly. The tone of the article is a little off. Fundamentally, these guys were advertisement parasites. They added almost no value to the internet, offered no meaningful products, and the world is frankly better off without them. And yet I get the idea that we're supposed to be sorry for them because they're just a poor canadian company unfairly crushed by the american giant. I especially like the use of the euphemism "search arbitrage" to describe their business model. :) I'm not sure that's 100% true. Some development idioms have you staring at HTML all the time, others don't: take a look at the arc code behind YC for a good example. Likewise view-based architectures like rails spend more time worrying about how to invoke/include the view than they do tinkering with the presentation internals. And that "hint" that you want can be gotten many ways, it doesn't have to be a hard-coded event handler. Make it a class, for example. Or better, a class on the containing element (a collection of category selectors, whatever). That's even clearer than the event handler, because it's a statement of pure semantics. My wife made me a T shirt with this thing on it. This is as old as the shell, although most implementations I've seen use a '_' for the function name instead of the colon. Maybe the update is more smilified for modern eyes? Meh. That's not what I said, though. The fact that I might be tempted to break a rule doesn't mean I'm morally obliged to shed tears for those who break it and get burned. The folks who were most hurt here were the investors, who clearly bought into the scam not realizing the risks involved. So if any tears are shed it should be for them. But what really irked me about the article was the pseudo-nationalist tone. "Who cares if they were parasites? Those were canadian parasites that Google killed!" Amen. CS is basically a branch of applied mathematics, and is interesting enough. But it doesn't even remotely approach the kind of profundity you see in the basic sciences. I went through college as a physics major, changing to CS at the end basically to be sure I could get a job. And I've regretted that ever since, constantly explaining to people that I'm really more of a scientist by training. But that said, the practice of science, at a day to day level, doesn't even remotely approach the level of satisfaction you get from a good hack. Ahem. I said it makes me more of a scientist than a programmer by training. Please read carefully before flaming. And if math is your thing, that's fine. Study what you like. Although I'll admit I'm more than a little confused by your assertion that basic science is no longer "in development"... No, you're misunderstanding the threat model. The problem with plaintext passwords isn't the danger to you , it's the danger to your users . Users reuse passwords, they just do, and you can't stop them. Storing those passwords in plaintext means that when (yes, when) your site is compromised, the attacker (an employee, for example) can get a pre-validated list of emails and passwords that they can try on other sites. I, personally, watched an ancient Western Union account of mine (no doubt created with a repeated password that I used for other services, like mailman lists, which store them in plaintext) used for fraud. Someone found another user with the same name, put their credit card on the account and stole $1000US. Just don't do this. Just don't. Don't excuse it. Don't pretend you understand why you can get away with it. JUST DON'T DO IT. I've always assumed that's just a HR thing. Finding graphics designers is comparatively easy. Finding ones that know the technologies well enough to be productive in them is much harder. Likewise finding web developers is easy, but ones with a design sense much harder. Unless you're a "rock star" employer (Spolsky, 37signals, etc...) who can choose from an enormous pool of candidates, you're going to have an easier time staffing teams of unitasking employees than you are finding generalists. It's not that either side "can't" learn the techniques of the other, it's that in practice they don't, so the ones that do are hard to find. You go to release with the team you have, not the team you want, basically. No, no, no, no. What you are describing is just obfuscation. It's the same thing web browsers do with the password list on the local machine, and it DOES NOT provide protection against theft. It just makes that theft slightly harder. If the key isn't in the database, it's in the code somewhere, probably in one or several utility script on the same box containing the database. Yeah, that's really going to slow an attacker down. Guys, this stuff was known and very well understood 30 years ago. Please, please, please stop trying to do security architecture if you don't understand it. This is the reason web security is as bad as it is. If you aren't 100% sure you understand the thread model perfectly, just follow the advice you read from trusted sources on the web. I'm not aware of anyone sane that is recommending storing unhashed/recoverable passwords. Sorry, but the very fact that you're arguing that (1) "brute force" is a plausible attack against a salted, SHA-1 hashed password, or (2) "sniffing" a hashed password on the network from a HTTPS transaction (!!) are plausible attacks shows your level of misunderstanding. Look, just read a book or two on the subject. You don't have to believe me, but please stop arguing about stuff you clearly don't understand. I went to clickpass.com, selected "log in using my Google account", entered the password at the google page I was bounced to, and now see: "Warning! This website is registered with Google to make authorization requests, but has not been configured to send requests securely. We recommend that you continue the process only if you trust the following destination" Seems like if you're going to make a business out of this, splatting a big warning like that in front of your users may be something worth fixing. Agreed. Nice piece. Pity the page style makes my eyes bleed (small white-on-black fonts, oww). There aren't any. The User-Agent header has always lied, at least a little bit. What AVG wants from your site is the same thing that the users do: the content (in this case, so that they can scan it). If you insist on giving them a different page (like an error page) than a user would see, they're going to take steps to prevent you from doing that. Remember that the desired outcome here is to see fewer AVG hits, not to "screen them out" just because they're not a human being (although they are a necessary condition for a human hit coming later). Try reducing the unique URL count on your site (basically: make it more RESTful and eliminate all the query strings on broadly identical content) so they have fewer URLs to crawl. Set your caching headers properly so that they don't have an excuse to recrawl you too often. That won't force them to hit you less, but it will "help them to help you" by reducing the total bandwidth. Remember they don't want to pull any more than they have to either. I think your size computation is wrong, no? A skip list is a doubly-linked list at each level, so two pointers per node at level zero (i.e. same as a tree). Each higher level has (statistically) half as many entries, so you have to multiply by the sum of the 1/2^N series, which is 2. So on average a skip list takes 4 pointers per node, which is twice as much as a tree. It's just a constant factor, there's no dependence on set size. (It's true that balanced trees take a little more than two pointer per node, but e.g. red-black trees only need one extra bit, which you can pack into the bottom of one of the pointers if you like). On the whole, skip lists are cute, but not really "better" than a red-black or AVL tree. And the balanced trees aren't that hard to implement, even if you decide to do your own. Add that to the fact that tree stuctures in code are kinda esoteric (almost always, you just want to be able to fetch an item by identity. Range comparisons are pretty rare in memory -- that's what databases are for) and skip lists leave me a little ... meh. I think some of the meta-point might be a bit strained here. It's true that there's a lot of bloated software out there. And the example at the top, Acobat Reader, is one of the worst. It's a dog, and really easy to improve on. I've never heard of the "Foxit" product, but the poppler-based Evince reader on my Ubuntu box is similarly "snappy", even on huge documents (scanned-in D&D sourcebooks, for example -- yes, I'm a geek) where Adobe really crawls. That said, there's a ton of common GUI software out there that really does deliver a pretty quick UI experience. Firefox 3 comes to mind as a good example here (especially given how hard it is to make some web content "snappy"). Likewise many of the smaller utilities on a modern Linux desktop are nice and quick. Basically, the problem is real, but not as widespread as the article posits. A quick and clean desktop experience on modern hardware is both possible and available if you're willing to look for it. But yeah, Acrobat is awful. Stop. There is no meaningful argument: the current, epochally high rate of CO2 release is driving current climate change. Yes, the climate changes on its own. Sometimes it does this "rapidly". But there is no known mechanism in place to produce anything like what we are seeing. Conversely, CO2 greenhouse effects have been qualitatively understood (even it quantitatively modelling it is a bitch) for many decades. I'm not sure which "most people" you think are ignoring the argument, but I assure you it doesn't include climate scientists. It's just that it doesn't make any scientific sense. We know with certainty that fuel burning is producing a rapid spike in CO2 levels. We know with certainty that CO2 is an effective greenhouse gas. We know to within reasonable error bars that the climate is changing rapidly. Do the math. Occam's razor demands that we look at CO2 as the undeniably best hypothesis. No one has a better one. And the land bridge didn't melt, because it's made of land, and land doesn't melt. :) What happened is that the sea levels rose due to melting glaciers on the continents and flooded it. It's still there, it's just a shallow sea instead of a connecting lowland between asia and alaska. We can reduce consumption where we can, and pressure our governments to adopt appropriate policies. I'm less pessimistic than you are about China's ability to regulate itself, but even if you accept that China (or whoever) is going to continue burning coal as if there were no tomorrow, that's not an excuse for making things worse. And in the worst case where we simply can't stop burning, there are at least ideas out there about how to reduce atmospheric CO2 directly. Planting trees in the tropics is one, burying biomass is another. There are even some borderline-scary notions about seeding blooms in the ocean with iron. But it all starts with a recognition that action is required. Get off your butts, basically. I can't vote for China's leaders, but I'm all in favor of pressure where applicable. And I do support nuclear power as at least part of the solution. So do I pass your anti-communist filter (seize control of the means of production, indeed -- you sound like Joe McCarthy)? Do you believe I'm not just trying to take your stuff? And, yet, I believe strongly that this is a problem worth fixing. And frankly I don't know what you're talking about with that "global cooling doom" nonsense. I think maybe you're confused with nuclear winter, which was a notion from about the same time. Flatly incorrect. I don't know what disaster you're talking about specifically, but the biggest and most obvious impact from melting polar ice (antarctic, not arctic) is the loss of low-lying land area. This absolutely has happened during previous warm periods. The north american midwest is flat because it used to be an shallow sea. Were it to happen in the near future, it would be a disaster. The areas that would be drowned are the areas we are currently using to feed ourselves. And I think you're a little confused about "not unprecedented". The current CO2 levels certainly are unprecedented for us as a species, and in fact most or all current ecosystems. Rapid climate change can and has caused mass extinctions in the past. Is that a "problem" to you? It is to me. I'll admit to being stunned at the number of global warming deniers on hacker news. I honestly thought folks here would be a little better informed. This kind of loses me towards the end. I mean, sure, emacs is a freakishly large lisp program. I get that part. But, what's the point here? The abstractions in emacs (modes and hooks are the ones discussed in the linked post) really aren't that strange, or unique, or even lisp-specific. Nor are they without analogs in other tools written in conventional imperative languages. An emacs written in python, frankly, wouldn't look that different. A mode by any other name would hook as smooth. I agree, for the most part, with everything you way. Some of the minor stuff is wrong: Greenpeace (the biggest player on the "green activism" front) caved on the nuclear issue a few years back and accepted it as a part of a carbon-neutral energy policy. And the solar thing is mostly bunk -- you hear about it far , far more in propaganda pieces from the deniers than you do in the actual science community. Is is a plausible hypothesis? Yeah, sure. Does it look like a better bet than CO2 forcing? Hell no. What drives me nuts, though, is the insistence on the part of the denalists here that because there is some disagreement as to numbers, the whole notion of carbon controls, consumption reductions, and the like need to be thrown out the window just because "we're not 100% sure". That's a policy issue, not a scientific one, and it's just plain insane. We're looking at a worst case (but still entirely plausible) effect of mass global starvation within the century, and the denialist attitude is ... wait for more data? That's out of context. It was an example of the kind of change the earth has seen in epochs where polar ice melts completely, not a prediction for the immediate future. And the IPCC has 4C as its upper bound, not 2, and in any case they don't predict motion of antarctic ice sheets due to lack of models. Their predictions for sea level change are conservative, basically. And as far as hyperbole goes: > In other words, nothing worth returning to the stone age for. Taking the bus and paying more for electricity is "returning to the stone age?" Now who's panicking? That logic doesn't work. You might as well argue that traffic laws are inappropriate because you almost certainly won't get killed on the way home today. This is called "risk assessment", and it's an important and crucial part of any policy discussion. You don't just pick the average and assume that will happen, you weigh costs vs. risks across the board, including the "best" and "worst" scenarios, and try to come up with a safe, conservative plan for avoiding the worst effects. I think you're misunderstanding the use of the "worst case" in the IPCC report. Those aren't OMGWTFBBQ scenarios from someone's dreams, they are the scenarios from the actual science that lie within a reasonably tight bound. They are likely consequences for some value of "likely" (probably a 95% confidence, or the like). Yes. Although if you're still learning regexes, I'd suggest staying away from the emacs implementation. It's different from perl's (or pcre, which is the library that everything not perl actually uses) syntax, which is the one you really want to know. There are a bunch of annoying incompatibilities. The linked article isn't about HTTP at all. It's about the use of unencrypted, proxyable internet protocols in general. It lists a few classes of security vulnerabilities that result from too much trust of unsecured content, and recommends the use of TLS ("SSL", in the article). Meh. Relax. A slowdown in birth rates is a temporary disturbance (the opposite of the baby boom, in fact). Over time, society returns to a steady state. Yes, the finances get complicated, and we're looking at a generation or two that may see substandard retirement income. But it's hardly a huge social problem; three generations back we were looking at every generation having no retirement income. And the "muslim minority" stuff is just alarmist (and, frankly, semi-racist) political spin. Past the third generation, minorities stop being minorities. They become culturally indistinguishable from the overall society, with at most a unique subculture. This is true of all cultures. They're malleable. No one freaks out (here in the US) about the Polish Menace any more, nor about what all those greasy catholics (!) are going to do to our society, nor about all that lucre under the control of The Jew, nor about what will happen if we allow those awful Blacks to wed (!) our pure, white daughters. Do you see the point? In 50 years, all this "ZOMG Muslims!" mania is going to look equally dumb. If all that scary stuff didn't kill us, what are a few muslims going to accomplish? :) The saddest thing is how many of the people freaking out over things like muslim immigration (or, here in the US, mexicans) are grandchildren of people who saw exactly the same kind of discrimination. I count two transistors. Does that really count as an integrated circuit? I've always viewed the definition of an IC as a manufactured object, this is clearly hand-built. Actually, modern ICs are surprisingly regular and clean looking. My wife is a semiconductor process engineer and I occasionally get to peek at the electron microscopy images over her shoulder. She isn't allowed to tell me what they are, but I can read the distance scale, and these are transistor-sized features. And they have square corners and straight lines. It's pretty amazing stuff. But yeah, if this thing wasn't produced by photolithography, it's sort of a evolutionary dead end. Whatever the semantics of what qualifies for an IC, this really isn't a meaningful predecessor of a modern chip. You miss the point. A few generations back there was no "western culture". There were protestants (here in the US, the "good guys") and the Other People: catholics and jews, who didn't share "our" values. They were fundamentally incompatible with our culture, and didn't belong here. The same is true now, it's just the faces that have changed. I know quite a few muslims, actually, of varying levels of religious devotion and professional development. You might be surprised to learn that none of them are terrorists or militants. I dare say I know more about Islam than you do, honestly. > if we keep making promises we can't keep, then those social contracts become null and void. Well, sure, I guess. Or, you know, we could just pay people 80% of what they expected and call it even. That number is actually about right for a minimum payout if you look at the demographics, after that the baby boom will be out of the system and we'll be back at a steady state. Is that really a crisis? It's certainly not a "null and void" social security policy. There seems to be an argument coming from some segments of society (interestingly, identical with the ones that want to eliminate the social security entitlement) that it we can't pay every penny of the social security obligations that ZOMGWTF the system will collapse. It's just not true. We'll manage. "Null and void" indeed. Amen. I really would have expected more open-mindedness here. This whole "muslim plague" narrative I'm hearing from european right-wingers is straight out of 1920's america. It's all the same terms, all the same fear, all the same demographics. The only thing different is the proper nouns. Let me get this straight: in the middle of the dotcom collapse, someone went out on a limb and predicted that a dotcom titan would fall? Wow, now there is a radical, out-of-the-box thinker. We need more authors like this guy. I think the author is confused between "tracking bugs" and "a bug tracking system". The former is a social process, and something that all projects do on some level. The latter is a piece of software, which may or may not help the project to do the former. The author even discovered the evidence for this, but missed the meaning: git's bug work happens on the mailing list, while mono's goes on in the tracker. Don't confuse software with problems. That's how we get bad software. I think more charitably it's because mono is in some senses a write-only project. It's a collection of people who are essentially writing software to an external spec. Except for design details at the very core (probably handled via private mail between the half dozen people involved), there really isn't any need for elaborate collaboration on development details. And futures issues (the "how do I do this?" kind of discussion) are all directed at microsoft anyway, not mono. I guess I'd have expected it to be a little sterile. Certainly it isn't something I'm dying to work on. You can implement a set as an object, though. One presumes (not having tried the tool) that it's not sensitive to order differences in object field initializers. Basically, "set" isn't a native data structure in Javascript, so it doesn't exist in JSON either. You can use arrays for that purpose, but just as with code, you need to be a little careful. Probably you should consider storing all your "sets" in a normalized (e.g. sorted) form. Uh... what conceivable purpose can this have? Bragging rights? Or is the intent that someone checks this stuff off and decides to only hire "log(n) level 3 competent programmers"? Guess I'd better get to work finding professional experience in prolog, and write some custom macros for the IDEs I don't use. Yikes, I'm falling behind... Not to be too snarky: but what feature of CSS variables can't be emulated just as cleanly with a little jQuery? There is always going to be a spectrum between "style" and "behavior" attached to elements, and it strikes me as much more productive to try to solve the problem at the level of a programming environment instead of a no-longer-quite-as-static-as-originally-envisioned style description language. Sorta. I'd have preferred to see an example or two. The problem is that "sequential" vs. "concurrent" isn't solely an implementaion choice. It's a property of the problem . Some problems are inherently sequential, and can't be meaningfully scaled to an arbitrary number of cores. So color me skeptical, basically. Concurrency is hard because it is hard. While there may be a paradigm out there that makes it less so, I'm going to need to see it in operation before I make any judgements. OK, I call shenanigans here. In what was is adding a feature to a non-programmable, designed-by-commitee data format instead of using a tight, well-defined and very powerful feature of the pre-existing development environment ... elegant? My original question was, after all, an aesthetic one. I guess I just simply don't understand your thinking here. But that phone design, too, has tradeoffs. It's thicker, and more failure prone. This isn't an either/or subject you can poll. It's OK to ask if someone prefers the iPhone or a Blackberry. But you can't just separate the keyboard feature and get a meaningful answer. Indeed. Rather, exceptions are a super "break", not a goto. I do think there's some reasonable insight in this article. Lots of folks get very confused about the difference between an exception and an "error", or "return value", and produce code that mixes the concepts in strange and terrible ways. Nonetheless, misuse of a tool isn't really an indictment of the tool. Certainly good exception handling can make some designs much, much cleaner than they would be with traditional handling. No offense, but yeah: that's pretty horrible. Checked exceptions are one of Java's few true innovations. Used properly, they force you to handle errors in the spots where they occur. What you're doing is a 1:1 equivalent of ignoring the error codes returned from your C functions. That's just never the right way to do thing. Well, sorta. Honestly, the problem here was that your platform sucked. If sem_init() "doesn't work" on OS X (is that really true?), there's no guarantee that the putative exception-enabled version would be properly throwing an exception either. Exceptions can be really useful, but they won't fix broken libraries for you. And it's also true that the POSIX synchronization primitives are a good example of how not to implement error handling in a C API. Too many things that are fundamentally usage errors (and should be caught at compile time) are flagged at runtime, leading to the silent failure issue you saw. Yup, I did the same thing about 14 years ago. I was steadfastly using pico (yeah, yeah, don't ask) until I finally sat down and forced myself to spend a week in emacs, and finally "got it". And I did it all again a few years later when (no longer using terminals or other people's computers) I finally bothered to map the control key to the left of "A", meta to underneath the '/' (sadly not always consistent on PC keyboards), stopped using the non-alpha keys, and realized how nice the "weird" keybindings always were. Well, no. I think the point of the blog post was that adding features is expensive (more so than the simple development costs) and that adding needless features is incurring needless expense. That much is spot on. The problem was that, as reality demonstrated, a "needless" feature is something that is very much in the eye of the beholder. Some folks really loved this gadget, apparently (I know zilch about the whole affair). So maybe it's a poor example of an otherwise valid point. But that's the wrong dichotomy. The problem is you're stuck in a particular mode of "usability" analysis. Basically, if you're the kind of person for whom TextMate (or whatever -- any GUI editor ir IDE fits the same model) is good enough, and you don't know why you would want to try emacs, you are not going to like emacs. The point is you have to "get" it. There's a point of epiphany after you've been using it for a while where you realize that you're not just changing your tool, you're changing the way you work and think about problems. This is the moment where "usability" suddenly acquires an entirely new definition for you, and you're hooked. But you need to junk TextMate first. You can't just try emacs, you have to live it, at least for a while. How's that for a zen answer? :) Indeed. There are bad coders everywhere. The problem with outsourcing is generic: you're hiring consultants, not hackers. There are "good" consultants out there, but even the best of them are basically bean counters. And no doubt there are plenty of great Indian hackers out there, but they're not on the consulting market. I read everything you wrote, and stand by my statements as written. You're not going to "get" emacs because you just don't understand yet. Use it for a month. Until then, reserve judgement. Or don't, I guess. You can write perfectly fine code in TextMate I'm sure. Agreed. There's nothing inherently power-hungry about flash. It's read cycle looks a lot like DRAM's, but there is no refresh required and the quiescent power is zero (duh, I guess: that's what non-volatile means). A flash drive running full tilt and hitting all the cells as fast as possible is probably going to have power consumption about the same as a DRAM array of the same size and cycle time, so somewhere in the low-integer watts. If existing drives are consuming more than that at "idle", then it's pretty clearly a hardware bug that should be fixed. If you like the company and are happy with the salary, sure: take the job. But don't expect that they'll suddenly drop a big equity package in your lap in a few months. You're absolutely right that you will lose most of your leverage by taking the job first. And let's be honest: it's not like this is brain surgery. If they really wanted you and needed to put together a stock grant to do it, they would. So treat it like any other job: if the compensation and work interests you, go for it. Not sure what your problem was. I just popped up a 91M log file I had sitting around in my emacs (a CVS build from about a year ago, somewhere on the 23.x line I think). It took about 7-8 seconds to come up (probably building the table of line numbers) and is perfectly snappy interactively. This is on a laptop with 2.5G of memory running Ubuntu Gutsy. This is just dumb. Who upvoted this story? Javascript's lexical scoping and closure behavior are 100% conventional, there are no surprises here. There is only one message variable and it is referenced in both functions. Apparently the author wants the "message" assignment to work like a C macro and be evaluated at bind time, but I'm not aware of any language that has that behavior. Dude, he's a pundit. A big name pundit, to be sure, but hardly the second coming of Benjamin Franklin. That may be so, but this is still just a terrible, terrible ruling. If the linked article is correct, it's the entire surfing habits of every youtube user, ever. A list of users who watched the Viacom videos in question should clearly be discoverable? This? It's a disaster. IANAL, obviously, but I have to believe there will be some way to appeal this order and get it sanified, no? I think this says more about their customer base than it does about the state of IE6 in the market as a whole. There are lots of IE6 users still out there, many of whom are using corporate installations that they can't upgrade. If 37signals (did I spell it right?) doesn't need that market, more power to them. But the reality is that better browsers just aren't as simple as providing a list of "click here" installation links. And you know what? All those curmudgeons were right (except for the bit about vacuum tubes: transistor logic was never slower or less reliable than tubes, ever). If you don't know how your tools are put together, there will be areas of software development at all levels which will forever remain voodoo to you. You can do an awful lot of useful work while relying on voodoo, but eventually the voodoo will catch up with you and you'll end up with an ugly mess where a better trained developer would produce an elegant hack. That's no less true for a web developer using rails than it is for an embedded systems driver developer. Basically, I've never known a great hacker who doesn't understand CPU architectures and at least a little bit of digital logic design. As for C specifically, let's just agree to disagree. I'll put of the sum total of "great hacks" written in C up against any amount of C++ or Java you can find. It's true that for some problems (web development being a good example) there are better tools (scripting languages, databases) for the domain. But that alone doesn't make C "woefully underpowered". Yeah, but think about what you're saying: the dichotomy you're drawing here between "essential" knowledge and "helpful" knowledge is precisely that between the skills of a merely adequate developer and a great hacker. Sure, an IT wonk can churn out working software. But they'll never aspire to build the world's next great startup. Have some standards, man. You can't be a true hacker if you're cutting corners like this. :) A lot of that has to do with Javascript's environment. While it is a functional language, it's living in a decidedly procedural world. The DOM is defined in IDL, for goodness sake, and even the really cool libraries like jQuery don't make much use of the functional paradigm. So there's not a lot of clever code to study that doesn't look like C, basically. Nonetheless, there are all sorts of clever things you can do with closures in Javascript to avoid big declarations of global variables, etc... You just have to dig really hard to find the sample code that appears in the tutorials for lisp, haskell, ML, etc... Dunno, I think it looks pretty cool. Bikes are much cheaper and get still better milage, though. This is about resveratrol, which isn't a new drug. It's been in and out of the news for quite a few years now. The article is a little confusing, but it seems that the current research has linked it to a mechanism which is also involved in the "starving mice live longer" phenomenon. That's definitely good news, scientifically. But the "wonder drug" theme is a little overstated. There have been lots of teasingly good results with this drug in mice over the last decade or so, but we're still waiting for a pharmaceutical to result. I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that you've never actually worked seriously in C. You probably had to maintain someone else's code at some point, got confused by the linker or debugger semantics, and decided you hated it. [disclosure: I peeked at your blog and resume, and it seems I'm broadly correct.] That's fine: work in C is grounded deeper than web development. You don't have the scaffolding around you to provide a fallback for changes. Sometimes you need to fix bugs from first principles, and that takes a lot more knowledge up front than web work does. But that's not the same as saying that someone who has that background is as unproductive in C as you are. Seriously: spend some time writing something serious in C, you might like it better. It will certainly seem more powerful than it does to you right now. The MIT CONS computer and its commercial descendants at Symbolics and LMI was not a parallel architecture. It was a fairly conventional uniprocessor CPU which happened to have a register and instruction architecture that provided some hardware acceleration for typical "LISP" tasks (specifically tagged pointers: the "pointer" value had a bit telling the CPU whether to load the value as-is or indirect through it to load the next value). As for why they were expensive: they were small market pre-VLSI minicomputers being sold in the late 70's and early 80's. They competed most directly with machines like the MicroVAX, and weren't particularly expensive for that market, AFAIK. Assembling and testing a few thousand ICs into a single computer is just inherently expensive. That's how it's commonly explained, but it's not really correct. The bitsavers.org folks have a copy of the original Lisp Machine paper: http://www.bitsavers.org/pdf/mit/cons/TheLispMachine_Nov74.p... The pointer/register format was very LISP-friendly, but the actual instructions are much more conventional. The trick is that instead of having to test the tag bits with separate instructions, the "load" instruction equivalent does it in hardware. You're not explaining that very well. Yes, classic relativity is a deterministic theory which doesn't have a time arrow. You can look at it as a single, static universe defined as the sum of all moments. But that's neither here nor there. Classic relativity is, strictly speaking, wrong: the real universe is, as far as we understand, provably non-deterministic. And in any case, it has nothing to do with this article, which is about the time arrow defined by entropy. Absolutely. Fancy chairs are the solution to the wrong problem. The problem is that sitting is just plain bad for you, and the solution is to stand up and walk around. This makes an important point that too few people understand. "Inheritance of implementation" is a rare trick. It's something appropriate to only a small fraction of problems. I constantly see people trying to use inheritance as an extension mechanism (i.e. "just inherit from this class to use the library"), and it's just a disaster. B-trees (and related data structures) are pervasive in the real world. Pretty much any application that requires high speed access from disk uses them. Think about filesystems, databases, etc... They're hugely useful. But they're not useful for the same purpose as a hash table, which is also a pervasive data structure, but for a different problem area: constant time access to in-memory data. I might quibble with the "Linux's command line offers no benefits" line. It's true that the shell is identical. But OS X, out of the box, is lacking huge chunks of what you expect to find out-of-the-box on a typical Linux distribution. That's a problem for anyone who wants to be able to portable scripts, etc... Add that to the fact that the existing package managers for the command line tools are kinda lacking, and I'd honestly put OS X behind even cygwin as a good example of a OS command line environment. The bit about Gnome vs. KDE is a sore point, alas. Canonical itself is clearly a Gnome shop, and that's what they ship on their core Ubuntu Desktop distribution. But KDE has a huge user base of near-fanatic volunteers, who insist (how dare they!) on maintaining the Kubuntu distribution in parallel. Both desktops work very well, and at this point neither is likely to disappear. FWIW, I use Gnome and prefer the architecture and API. I refuse to download any color scheme plugin from a site that uses blue headlines on a black background. It's been a few versions since I paid close attention, but as I remember OS X ships with only the bare POSIX tools, plus a few extras from the FreeBSD userspace. It lacks stuff like perl, python, curl, wget, ssh (maybe: not sure about that one), tcpdump, etc... That's all stuff the poor user is going to have to figure out how to get. And as mentioned, the existing package systems for OSS software are really primitive. There's just no equivalent for, say, the Ubuntu synaptic tool for new users. I'm not trying to make this into a flame war: clearly you can achieve a pretty solid command line experience in OS X if you know what you're doing. But you're never going to learn it there without a bunch of headaches if you don't already have that expertise. SQL injection attacks have nothing to do with whether they are on a shared box or running in a locked down cage. If they have any hope of fixing this mess, they need to start from advice that helps, not voodoo. More to the point: if the data is really on the disk, an API change isn't going to make the hardware run faster. But a mapped region certainly can be faster for random access reads from a file. Doing a seek() followed by a read() takes two system calls (and thus four context switches) in addition to any I/O overhead. Faulting the page in from an existing mapping instead takes only one interrupt handler at worst, and potentially completes without kernel intervention at all if the page is already mapped. A system call is a pair of context switches: swap the registers, swap the stack, change the TLB mappings, on some architectures flush the cache. Even the fastest system calls (Linux on amd64) take a thousand clock cycles or more. I think we're quibbling about terminology. I'm not sure of the difference between a "protection domain crossing" (not a common term, AFAIK) and a "context switch" (pervasive jargon). You seem to be indicating that the latter always involves a separate process, which of course is more expensive (on most architectures) due to cache issues. I'm using the term to mean a switch between two execution domains. It's a thousand clock cycles more than a function call (seriously, I'm not making this up: time it sometime). I guess whether that is "expensive" or not is context dependent. For some applications (e.g. database servers) that make lots of random access reads from large files, using a mapping can be overwhelmingly faster. I guess I'm stunned that this turns out to have been such a controversial notion... Uh... More like DRY is equally a new, fancy acronym given to a whole bunch of techniques that have been in use for years. This stuff isn't new at all, it's just experiencing something of a renaissance after the dark ages of the late 90's Big Design Madness. The "Spartan Programming" stuff Atwood talks about is focused mostly on C, Java and other low level imperative languages. "DRY" tends to be most used in the context of web development. Other than that, I agree: they're mostly the same idea. One thing I think is missing from this exposition is a discussion of tradeoffs. You can't blindly apply these rules, because they're to some degree contradictory. Example: you can make all your variables private to better "minimize accessibility of variables", but that requires elaborate accessor methods which increase "vertical complexity". Which is the right path? It depends, and the solution is a sense of aesthetic. That , not the rules themselves, seems to me what this techniques is all about. It's really just a different, more specific way of rephrasing PG's essay about taste in software engineering. To be clear: I didn't say "flush the TLB". Nonetheless unless you happen to be lucky and have those kernel mapping in there, those TLB entries need to be faulted in. That's expensive. Likewise the new stack isn't in L1 cache and needs to be read in from main memory. Likewise the kernel code to execute the handler needs to be read into the instruction cache, etc... Given that main memory reads are pushing 100 cycles on a modern box, all those things add up. A context switch (my usage: meaning a bounce to a non-local, non-current execution environment) is really expensive. This is mostly just a list of features without context. I'm sure "ellipsize" really helps for ... something. But I don't know what it is, sadly, because I don't know arc. Shouldn't posts like this be useful for people who aren't part of the cult already? :) Chill. That was exactly my point. Clearly you have a strong aesthetic sense. :) You might want to lose a few of those CAPITALS though. Someone might think you were screaming about software. "But there are other forms of concurrency. Processes that communicate using files, pipes, sockets, or even shared memory." I don't see how this solves the problem. It's true that some problems work well as pipelines where each stage does some finite, balanced amount of work before passing the data off to the next stage. But many don't. And I don't follow the files and shared memory argument at all: those are both shared, unsynchronized-in-the-base-API abstractions just like threading . And they're subject to all the same deadlocks and race conditions. The only difference is that you use slightly different synchronization primitives (e.g. fcntl() locks instead of mutex locks). It's correct to point out that traditional threaded code is difficult to get right. But it's naive and unhelpful to point to any kind of "secret sauce" as the solution. The difficulty of concurrency lies in the problem itself , not the API. Absolutely. I can't say enough good things about drumming: literally every bit of music I hear can become a collaborative (well, Karaoke-style collaboration) piece of shared expression. The only limit is the degree to which I'm willing to annoy the people around me. Why do you insist on making this a flame war? Sit down and write a program that makes 10M trivial system calls (getpid() is a good choice) and one that calls a function to return a constant integer 10M times. I'm sorry, but you seem to have a wildly inflated idea of the speed of system calls on modern OSs. The real world just doesn't work like that. This is my last post on this thread. Sure. And a reasonable discussion about that stuff and the tradeoffs involved (queues handlers need to be carefully balanced, for instance, and parallel loop constructs tend to drown CPUs in locking overhead) would be welcome. But the linked post was about "threads are bad, use secret sauce instead". There is no sauce. I think his broader point is spot on: virtualization is currently being used to solve a bunch of problems that existing time sharing systems (!!) have been handling well for decades. Running a few different development servers on a single box is trivial with any modern unix, and really isn't a call for virtualization. That said, the specifics of his problems sounds alot more to me like bad administration than they do issues with virtualization per se. Done sanely, virtualization isn't that bad. But it has to be done by someone who understands the problem. A typical IT team might not be up to the challenge. Mail in general (including maildir) is actually a classic example of how hard synchronization is even in the file regime. Take a look at the source to something like procmail sometime. It's a huge rats nest of locking abstractions. It's not something you can solve with file naming. That's just a technique for avoiding collisions. Click on links, like they always have? :) Almost no one types an URL. They type search terms and follow links. And needless to say, if you can't type the URL in its native language, you're unlikely to be able to read the page anyway. And if you really need to be able to see a normalized ASCII representation, it's still there. Non-ASCII DNS names are actually stored in "punycode", a semi-readable 7 bit printable encoding: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punycode Are you sure getpid() is doing a system call and not reading TLS? It's a little apples-to-oranges, but it's not "wrong". Lots of IPC problems really are solved fastest using a socket or pipe. Writing to a shared memory buffer doesn't clue the kernel in to the fact that there is new data available, which means you need a syscall anyway to transfer control. And it makes the application responsible for all the buffering that occurs, and applications don't have a "big picture" available to properly optimize things. Don't diss the pipe. It doesn't do everything, but if you're going to pick just one IPC mechanism, it's the one. Cairo can, and does work that way. There are current cairo backends for X11, Postscript, PDF, flat image buffers, OpenGL, SVG, win32, quartz, and no doubt a bunch of others I'm forgetting. The whole point of the thing was to have a robust, path-based imaging model that works everywhere. This is now 4 year old technology. Please flame with more current criticism. :) Your implication seems to be that Cairo doesn't work on an accelerated backend? That's not correct. It is correct that the primitive assembly happens client side in Cairo, which I'm not sure is a misfeature. The IPC overhead of DPS was always one of its biggest problems. How about linking to the actual source instead of a flamebait media piece? Good grief: http://www.aps.org/units/fps/newsletters/200807/editor.cfm I'm having a little trouble finding the "explosion" in that text. They're publishing one paper by a presumptive skeptic, and are (ZOMG!) open to debate. Yeah, that's blown the consensus thing wide open, it has... Some of the point here is that the "college" section on your resume represents not just education, but evidence that you're not a total flake. An employer is going to look at your story and wonder why you couldn't, at the very least, get through a few community college courses or an associates degree. As someone who went to a "top" university and received a ton of financial aid, the money excuse doesn't really hold water. You can make this work if you try. Since you haven't made it work, one tends to worry that you aren't really trying. Someone who isn't going to work hard isn't likely going to be a good employee. That's a property of all projects, really. Even most commercial products are awful in early releases. Apple's genius is with managing to hide most of these early disasters from their customers. Just curious: how is xmlc not an extra "HTML generation API" that you have to learn? I mean, it seems we're stuck here. Either we use tag soup templates, or we use some abstraction to express the structure of the page in the language of the generator code. The former requires less training and discipline, but complicates maintenance. The latter is a framework to which you'll need to adhere. No free lunch. Amen. Any discussion of code style (symbol naming, whitespace conventions, braces, whatever) that is based on an argument about how long it takes to type the code is just wrong. A good typist can write thousands of lines of code an hour at least. That is so far below the development speed of even the best hacker as to be pure noise. There's a mild case for different code styles from a readability perspective, I guess. But arguing for (e.g.) case insensitive symbol names because the it takes too long to reach the shift key is just insane. But regardless: code readability is 90% a function of organization, not style. I will always prefer to work on well-organized code in mixed styles (or languages) than spaghetti code that adheres strictly to an elaborate style convention. "I'm sure the people who made those optimisations took very good benchmarks before they made them." Hah, good one! Very funny! XML parsing can be done with a simple tag stack and a linear walk through the document. It's very cheap. And a quick loop over 6 (or whatever) strings in L1 cache can easily be faster than a generalized hash table lookup. Given that the namespace tag lookup isn't a huge deal anyway (just walk up the stack doing a string comparison at each level), any optimization needs to be pretty lean to start with. I'd guess that the hash thing is probably a wash; this is the only technique likely to work well. And conversely, hackers tend to assume more competence from their fellow human beings than is really present, and thus are surprised when people end up suffering due to their own stupidity. And since it's surprisingly stupid, hackers tend to be less compassionate to the folks affected. But the problem is, suffering is still suffering whether it be stupid or not. A society with a destitute underclass suffering due to its own idiocy is still a society with a destitute underclass. The general definition of a "progressive" is someone who sees this as a problem irrespective of culpability, where a "libertarian" is someone who doesn't see it as a problem at all. I was a libertarian in high school, for the same reasons I was more or less a jerk in high school. I've softened since. Uh... that's a bit far. Even Ayn Rand would probably quibble with that definition. Certainly freedom from physical suffering is orthogonal, no? Or you're saying that it's OK to, say, stab you repeatedly as long as you're on my property and I'm not stealing anything from you? And sure, sure, I know you can get around this by defining your body and mind as your property. But then the whole thing becomes kind of a silly point, no? Everything can be a property right if everything is defined as someone's property. That's hardly profound. But we're talking about salary, not "impressive stuff on the resume". The market value of combat experience per se is basically zero (or else veterans would make more than non-veterans at other jobs, which they don't). Being able to fly other aircraft is irrelevant when all you ever touch is an A330. These guys can probably drive lots of cars too, but they don't get paid extra for it. Training ability has value, but not that much more than the value of those being trained (or else, again, we'd see teachers paid more generally). Likewise long experience is a wash in our society. We don't value it per se. And with your emergency management point, you need to show that senior pilots (as opposed to pilots generally) actually correlate with people who are more capable of avoiding crashes. I'm not sure that's true at all. Note that the fuel exhaustion emergency you reference was the pilots' fault in the first place (along with some dumb procedures by the airline too). History is filled with both young and old pilots who have saved (and crashed) their aircraft with their skills (or mistakes). Again, the point here was "senior pilots are paid more than they are worth". Your response is more along the lines of "senior pilots are really cool and totally deserve it!", which is sort of non-responsive. The real reason that senior pilots are paid so much is that they are unionized, skill-essential employees who don't compete in a market with non-union equivalents (the proof here being that non-union pilots in commuter jobs get paid dirt wages). This is exactly the same reason that the longshormen in the article are overpaid. It's dumb, but it's not so dumb that employers want to rock the boat trying to fix it. Just don't fool yourself into thinking that any of this has to do with their l33t skilz. It's a market thing. Except that the example given was Air Canada, which the last time I checked was indeed a foreign-owned airline. This is a global problem right now, and it's based on fundamental economics. Airlines are selling a commodity product in a competitive market at a time where operation costs are rising steeply. You can't "compete" your way out of that. Things won't stabilize until flight pricing comes to equilibrium again. The first paragraph is spot on, but the second is just wrong. Turbojets fly much faster than needed, for the convenience of the passengers. Drag goes as the square of speed, so per-distance fuel economy scales as the inverse of the trip time. One certainly can do much better than a turbojet simply by swapping the fan for a larger geared propeller and flying at half the speed. Agreed, I don't know what the author is smoking. But then, there's no accounting for taste. I also use Vera Mono in emacs, and like it a lot. I really feel for the poor folks still using courier (which-way-does-that-quote-go-and-is-that-a-curly-or-paren?) as a code font. To be fair, though, the linked font is a bitmap, not a vector font. So maybe a better comparison might be to the X11 9x15 or 10x20 fonts, both of which I spent years staring at and like very much. Computers have changed since the 80's. A lot. Micro-optimizations at the instruction level only help code that can run out of L1 cache. Typical tasks these days (c.f. web development, both server and client) use huge data sets, and are frustratingly resistant to this kind of trick. I'm not a big fan of either scheme or arc, frankly, but pg's decision to leave the optimization to the underlying scheme interpreter sounds spot on to me. Actually, that's an issue of design choice, not fundamentals. Turbojets fly higher because they fly longer (so don't worry as much about inefficiencies due to climbing to alititude) and want to fly faster (up to the tropopause, temperature is dropping which results for mildly complicated reasons in power dropping more slowly than drag does). But there's nothing inherently "lower" about a propeller. They work just as well at altitude as they do as sea level. It's just that market forces have dictated that props are better suited to low-altitude, low-speed commuter routes. But you could design a high altitude prop without difficulty. Pretty much. There are actually some fancy solar designs for low-speed unmanned cruisers that work up to the 80-100kft level (solar cells don't lose power with altitude, so they don't have the tropopause limitation that oxygen breathing engines do). Those things are all about efficiency, and they pick props for the same reasons that other efficiency designs do. Jets are comparatively more efficient at high speed (rather: high-radius prop losses grow with speed faster than low-radius fans), not at high altitude per se. But since tropopause-altitude is a design goal for speed designs, these two have traditionally been interchangeable. As far as credentials go, I'm the author of the "YASim" dynamics model that FlightGear ( http://www.flightgear.org ) uses. So while I'm a hacker and not an aerospace engineer, I do have at least a little domain expertise. Because the split there is about 55:45, which is close enough to even to be a wash. If men were 20-25% of the workforce in the life sciences (as women are in engineering and CS), then yes, it would be a problem. But they're not, so it isn't. You did look at the linked article, right? To be fair, all of the "world domination" quotes from Linus (oddly, the original didn't make the list) are made with tongue firmly in cheek. It's really not possible or practical for an open souce project to "compete" directly against another in the sense that Microsoft does. At worst, they snipe at each other counterproductively; at best, they share code and reimplement features trying to out-do the other. The bit about OpenBSD is real enough though. Theo has a long history of being ... difficult, and over the past few years Linus seems to have lost patience. You're overstating things. Apple itself has a solid handful of different toolkits and UI paradigms, some of which are better than others and many of which are legacy. Take a look at an actual linux distro, and you'll find it uses only one desktop and is quite consistent. Slamming Ubuntu because Mandriva exists (etc...) isn't really a meaningful argument. Hell, most of that "linux" GUI software runs great on OS X too . So by your own logic the Mac is "failing miserably" at consistency and has the "most appalllingly inconsistent interfaces" (more so even then Linux, which after all can't run Cocoa apps). Basically, this kind of broad-brush argument is mostly just flaming. If you have an actual complaint about an actual product (and I'm sure you do -- I have quite a few of my own), let's hear it. I'm still waiting for an actual complaint about an actual linux product that shows an inconsistent UI. KDE distros ship Konqueror on the Desktop, not Firefox, for example. Open Office is actually very gnome-centric, even if the widgets themselves are implemented with different code. Your point seems to be that you can assemble an inconsistent, frankenstein environment using "linux" stuff. Well, duh. But you can do the same thing with OS X or Windows. The stuff that ships as a product from actual vendors (be they Apple, Red Hat, Novell, Canonical...) don't have the kinds of problems you're positing, and haven't for quite a few years now. That's documentation, not comments. Nothing hurts code readability more than huge chunks of markup (markup!) getting in the way of the code you need to read to maintain. Javadocxygenwhatever generates pretty web pages, but leads to write-only source files. Amen. Comments lie . This happens all the time. Programmers who try to maintain code by reference to the comments will get it wrong. You have to debug the code. Comments, at most, should be a guide to what happens where. And who's going to interpret that output if all they have is incompetent contractors? The problem with database optimization isn't that "people don't understand it well", it's that database optimization is inherently obscure and difficult . With most code, performance is a local effect: you can look at the code and see why it's slow. With some harder problems, performance is data-dependent and you need to look very closely. With databases, it's worse still: performance is a feature of the schema , configuration , and (worse still) the quirks of the software (ex: I never knew MySQL can't optimize count(*) queries!) . They can be useful, but they're hugely complicated. In general, using a database without an expert DBA is a recipe for poor scalability. You mean MySQL can give you the answer in constant or log time. But folks like me, who naively use the count() aggregate like we've been taught in books, are going to have scalability problems unless we understand the internals of the database engine. That was my point: it's not a slam against MySQL per se, it's a slam against the whole development metaphor, which seems to derive unholy pleasure in hiding critically important implementation details from the developer. I'm not following your logic. ACPI is a published, open standard. Foxconn doesn't need to do anything for "linux" or "windows" specifically. They just put the tables in memory and hand them to the OS to use. But they aren't. They're specifically testing for OS versions and handing back different (and, in this case, broken) data to "linux" software. At best, that's horribly broken and a reason to avoid Foxconn hardware. Excusing it with this "Certification(tm)" canard is just spin, and you appear to have fallen for it hook, line and sinker. I don't see where Foxconn "tried to work with him", frankly. They asked one question (which completely missed the point: removing RAM doesn't tell you anything about ACPI behavior) and then punted with "we don't support linux". I don't know about you, but that's not the support that I want from my hardware vendors. I mean, sure, the guy might be a paranoid jerk. But Foxconn is hardly blameless here. Beware: this is a microbenchmark. It tells you a little about the interpreter innards that get used for different kinds of syntax, but that's about it. Unless you're writing tight loops over small data, though (e.g. doing cryptography in Javascript or whatnot) this is not where you will be seeing slowdowns. In the real world, performance analysis always needs to start with the data. Are the questions you are asking your data algorithmically fast? Are you failing to cache things that are expensive to compute and hurting performance? Are you incorrectly caching things that are easy to compute and hurting performance? Those are the real problems. And they have nothing to do with for() vs. Array.forEach(). This is a dupe, and a link to a secondary source. Here's the story linking to the actual googleblog entry: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=256896 How about abstraction? Draw a clean line between the API you're trying to document and the code that implements it, and make sure that comments for either don't cross-pollute. This is a good idea anyway. I can't tell you how many automatically generated documentation trees I've seen that are utterly worthless. Documentation of public interfaces gets mixed in with usage notes on internal structures, and you don't know what you're supposed to use. Yes, absolutely. Although in the extreme of complexity, comments actually stop helping. A straightforward implementation of, say, RSA or an FFT can actually be done in small, simple, well-organized code whose structure is "obvious" to someone who understands the problem. But no amount of comments is going to help the reader understand the algorithm to begin with. In those circumstances it's much better just to document what you're doing and let the reader go to their textbooks. I'm with you on 1-3, but #4 seems wrong. What purpose is there to knowing when the comment was added if you don't know when the code was written[1]. This just looks like a trick you've developed to try to figure out when a comment is lying to you. But if you have so many comments that you doubt their veracity, you have too many comments. Read the code for truth. [1] Without, as you mention, using your SCM system. But I'd argue strongly that if you can't do the equivalent of "cvs annotate" from memory, you're using the wrong system or you don't understand it well enough. Absolutely agree. The idea that the user is responsible for diddling around with complicated settings in order to get an essential feature* to work flies directly in the face of the way Apple products are supposed to work. I don't have one: is it really that bad? That's a showstopper for a huge number of users if true. * And yeah, I'd put "24+ hours of battery life" way up there on the list of essential features for any device that goes in a pocket. And yet huge quantities of code have been written by productive hackers in both of those languages. Which is sort of the point of the article: the "micro" qualities of the syntax of a language are irrelevant. You get used to them quickly and forget about them. Arguing for one language over another on the basis of how the syntax looks is basically worthless. That doesn't refute your point that LISP derives "macro" functionality from its syntax that doesn't really have anything to with the way it looks or types. Arguing for LISP due to its expressive macros is fine, but nitting about all those parentheses isn't useful. Arguing against perl for the "smell" of its odd reference syntax is likewise silly, but pointing out that that syntax allows neat autovivification tricks and more expressive scripts is cool. Indeed. From the article: Lieutenant Colonel Cynthia Ryan of the US Civil Air Patrol, who was involved in the operation from the start, said: "I've been doing this search and rescue for 14 years. Fossett should have been found. It's not like we didn't have our eyes open. We found six other planes while we were looking for him. We're pretty good at what we do." I like the clever citation of the fact that six (!) previous crashes have been missed by S&R personnel to argue that S&R efforts are robust and free of errors. Now that's some prime-time quality spin. This woman needs to get out of her CAP job and into politics where her skills can be properly appreciated. That kind of justification behavior ("I can't change") is a classic symptom of addiction, actually. So clearly you're right. The solution is to work on changing it. Hacker News seems to be going down hill if a link to a mass media explanation of a clever gedankenexperiment suddenly becomes a design (!) for a "warp engine". You are correct, but in precicely the wrong direction: private transportation is subsidised much, much more than rail transport as a function of GDP, passenger miles, or population. It isn't even close. And your "gas tax should fund highways" idea is laughable. Look at the numbers (there were some posted at matthewyglesias.theatlantic.com in the past few weeks). The gas tax doesn't even cover maintenance of existing road systems, much less all the new construction that we are constantly doing. And remember that it's not just the roads themselves, but all the extra costs involved in forcing society to do all that driving. Cost of delivery of goods to residential areas, for example, is much higher in the US than western europe because of all the trucks needed. It's more complicated than this, though. Copyright protects the direct expression of a game, but not the rules themselves. You can't copyright the way scrabble is played any more than you can copyright the game of "football" under the laws governing "the NFL rulebook" (an actual document). What seems to have happened is that they decided they just didn't want to fight this, and I don't blame them. Ultimately though, it's not at all clear that Hasbro would have won this as a copyright case. Note that at least one other Hasbro property, the AD&D 1st edition rules, exists in a "free" form on the web as "OSRIC", using rules compatible with the original but without any of the copyrighted material. The Wikipedia page on the game talks about this in more depth: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSRIC And to be clear: "Scrabulous" almost certainly did have a trademark problem, as it clearly evokes the name of the original game. Shorter version: pedantry sucks. There was little to no insight in the original, it's just a list of stuff that can reasonably be argued to be "good". Those rules won't a great product make, but breaking them doesn't seem like a great idea for most people either. My own feelings are closer to this poster's than the original list of admonishments, but these aren't issues that anyone should really be getting upset over. Basically: don't refute shopping lists. It just wastes everyone's time. Um... I don't want to rain on anyone's parade, but this isn't that insightful. It even has a name: this is called a "high pass filter". Over time, it seeks to a constant input level (the "DC bias" in the parlance) while allowing the instantaneous signal excursions (strictly: their derivative) to pass through. It's a useful gadget in both analog electronics and in software for tricks like this one. It is not , however, an "averager". The output depends on the order in which the inputs are delivered, it seeks to an average only given constant input. Think of the output for a continuously alternating set of 1's and 0's, vs giving all the zeros first then all the ones. If you can't come up with those yourself, you're doing it wrong. [edit: folks, if you're going to mod down a joke, at least tell me why it isn't funny...] Well, of course. Because everyone knows New Haven, Connecticut is a global hub of technological innovation... Sigh. It was an extension of the joke in the parent, based on the elaborate "25 reasons you're doing it wrong" (or whatever, I'm too lazy to look up the link) list that was high up in the rec list yesterday and the day before, and much maligned. So you see? I, too, (ahem) despise the facile and mocking reuse of negative catch phrases. I guess subtle humor is just an epic fail on this site. I'd have to put Brooks' The Mythical Man Month up there as most misunderstood. I've seen that book used to justify all sorts of nonsense. This is mostly cheap shot journalism. Sure, there's lots of free software out there with awful interfaces. But there's equally a ton of commercial software that's bad, and for many of the same reasons. Take a look at the crapware installed on any new Dell box, for example. It's true that at the very high end, the "polish" of commercial software is better. There's no free equivalent to, say, Apple's release and UI artwork processes. But that's not strictly a "usability" critique. There's plenty of beautiful-but-clunky software out there. It needs to be pointed out that this kind of trick is essentially a workaround for the awful URLs caused by the "the URL is the path of the handler" scheme that Apache and PHP like to encourage. It's almost always a better idea to do this another way. Note that the distinction between the "handler" part of the URL, the remaining "path-like" part and the query string is already exposed in the CGI variables (SCRIPT_NAME, PATH_INFO, and QUERY_STRING). The handlers can do this magic on their own. Doing it by placing important application code into the apache configuration for the site strikes me as very confusing. Probably because salting is one of the easier crypto ideas to grok and one of the safer ones to get wrong? Salting is just a constant factor optimization (assuming password length is bounded and short). It's designed to remove the opportunity to do a dictionary lookup and force the attacker to actually compute the password hash. But it doesn't change the algorithmic time of the attack at all. So it's "safe" to pontificate about. At worst, you're going to make an attack available only to a person with a botted cluster of machines accessible to a single guy with a laptop. Meh. Considering that (1) the jailbreak folks had a dev environment within a month of release with zero support from Apple and (2) the phone shipped with a bunch of applications that had to have been written with, y'know, tools of some kind; I'd say that yes, it really was about as easy as clicking "enable". Apple is a quick agile company and certainly has shipped products quickly in the past. You're honestly arguing that taking 13 months (or whatever it was) to release a native SDK was because they just couldn't do it any faster? Nifty reference, thanks. You absolutely have to read the description in the original page though. The K looks pretty much line line noise; I've seen raw sendmail scripts that look cleaner. As terse as the language might be, a little whitespace and naming conventions might still be a good idea for us newbies... Isn't python (no brackets at all) an existence proof that you're wrong, though? The eye learns rapidly to ignore brackets. What it reads is indentation. And most editors will try to enforce indentation levels even without brackets present. Or maybe you're just talking about parentheses in precedence grammars? I guess I have no objections there, but still: the fact that "multiplication has higher precedence than addition" is taught in grade schools and is used everywhere, in every language I know that supports precedence at all. What conceivable purpose could one have to buck this trend? All you gain is maybe a few lines of complexity in the parser (I mean, it's not like these things are hard to write) at the cost of a lifetime of newbie syntax errors. Lisp's grammar doesn't do precedence, so effectively it forces you to fully parenthesize all expressions anyway. The brackets the poster was talking about aren't "redundant" in Lisp in the first place. business decision ... strategic plan ... buy-in ... vetted by ... legal team ... formal documentation If these are really the reasons for the SDK's delay and ugliness, then we should celebrate: Apple is already dying. This is just silly. Truly successful products (including the iPhone) happen without this stuff all the time, and these are never required criteria. Your list is just a list of excuses. From the article: But it irritates me when I need to get at gpg from a web application, and can't just use a "libgpg". I have to fork a gpg process, setup file descriptors just right, write input to a pipe, wait for input on another pipe, and then parse the result It boggles the mind that a perl programmer, of all people, would think this. The relevant code for the above is generally something like: my $data = `gpg --decrypt --passphrase=$PASSWD $FILE`; or: open INPUT, "gpg --decrypt --passphrase=$PASSWD $FILE|"; while( ) { ... } The incredibly tight integration with external programs (e.g. the code to "setup file descriptors just right" consists of one byte!) is the very essence of what makes perl great and special. I'm just dumbfounded here. He likes perl but doesn't understand how to fork a process? I mean, the whole premise of the point is counter to the perl philosophy, which is that you're already on a great and useful platform and just need a tool to tie things together nicely. If you want a single platform designed around the idea that all meaningful tasks are available in a library without leaving the sandbox, you are looking at Java or .NET, certainly not perl... Heh, cool, the trap worked: $PASSWD was available to everyone on the box anyway. You stick it in memory, it's readable. That's the way life works. You probably stuck it in a database too, right? Did you lock down the socket from local users? Probably not. Did you store the database password off-line? Probably not, because you wanted unattended startup to work. The bottom line is that if you want to do password storage in your web app that is secure against local users, you have vastly more work to do than just finding a CPAN library somewhere. On a linux box, read /proc/200/mem. Or just allocate a bunch of memory and force it to swap out, then read the swapfile. Season liberally with local root exploits if needed (these come in bucketfuls on most unices). This is a classic attack: while it's not terribly practical, it's a whole lot easier than trying to brute force the password stream. I'm not saying local-attacker password security can't be locked down securely. Simply that doing so is a much more complicated proposition than "use a library". In practice, most web applications are not secured against hostile local users. I'm not sure I've ever seen one that was. So to my mind, ruling out some of the most powerful tools you have (perl's IPC facilities) in a vain attempt to achieve a security level that the rest of your architecture doesn't support seemed silly. OK, just curious: how is the posting of judgemental one-liners unrelated to the subject at hand somehow less of an etiquette violation than a perfectly harmless (yet responsive and topical) rhetorical snipe? I mean, as flames go this was pretty mild sauce. Can't you spend your time policing some of the legitimate flame wars that pop up here instead? Is your security analysis assuming that the attacker is running under a different uid than the web server? Why on earth would you do that? I'm not sure where all these security discussions are going. My point was simply that taking the passwords out of the command line of gpg was woefully insufficient to secure them (note, again, that they're going to be stored in a database whose password is stored locally in a file), so using "security" as a reason to avoid perl's elaborate and very robust IPC facilities was a poorly grounded argument. Nitpicking about whether one (!) of my examples matches the original author's security assumptions is very much missing the point. To get back to perl: note that you can feed the password to GPG via stdin if you want with just one extra byte to the open string, and a call to autoflush() and print(). I think you mean you agree with me, no? Unless you're really arguing that simply using a CPAN library renders your application secure to all attackers? I think you're arguing against the converse of what I stated, not my actual point. Actually, my reading was he (like me) was well past the stage of life where YC funding would be helpful. Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but a first round YC bet is something like "cost of living for two college students for a summer". To an established professional with a stable job, this is noise: most of us could fund such a company for three months right out of our bank accounts. The benefit to doing the YC thing is the exposure to sources for later funding rounds, and the networking that comes with being part of the community. The money isn't the draw for anyone but a brand new graduate. It's just there to make sure no one starves while working on the project. I think this is very much a generational thing. Spolsky writes a trendy blog that anyone reading Hacker News will be familiar with. Kapor, like Gates, is one of the titans of the early PC world. But that also means his most relevant work (Chandler being only famous for failing in an interesting way) happened before many of the readers here were born. FTA: It turned out that relational databases were in the right place at the right time, and the “good enough” implementations and uses took over the world. Yeah, that's what I've thought for a long time too. It's nice to see that in writing. But I guess the rest of the essay leaves me a little cold. If the relational model is fundamentally flawed (rather: fundamentally mismatched to the overwhelmingly popular application design paradigm) then isn't the solution just to chuck the SQL database in the trash and start over? So what has us tied to SQL and afraid of using the filesystem for storage directly? What are the other things we get from a database that we want? As far as I can see, the real need is for atomic transactions and consistent backups (or replication, which is the flip side of those features). No one cares about the "relational" stuff at all, really, as proven by all the awful ORMs out there. And yet, if that were true, we'd all be happily using Berkeley DB. So what else am I missing? Some part of me thinks that there's a great startup idea in this space, but I don't quite see it yet. Tools like Google's App Engine seem to be attacking part of the problem by at least tweaking around with the SQL assumptions, but they're still fundamentally relational at their core (and they're still services, and my gut tells me that most of the world will never trust their data to someone else's service, no matter how well-justified it might seem). This is artwork, not engineering. All of the weight of the rider is being borne on the tiny pivot joints between the circular bits and the "boxes". The rear circular bit would have to be hollow to contain some kind of drive chain, and I I can't imagine how you would get any kind of gearing to fit in there. There are no handbrakes. And it doesn't steer! I guess you're suppose to lean left or right? But even then, the forward wheel will be reverse-castering, making that an unstable process (the bike will try to steer harder the more it tilts). Definitely cute though. Sure. I'm not expecting something new to displace SQL at a Fortune 500 IT shop. But the question is why are otherwise-groundbreaking technologies like Rails still wedded to the ORM stuff, when clearly there isn't any conservatism at work there. Anyone willing to bet the company on some weird language from Japan isn't going to blink about changing their datastore. That sounds dangerously like pedantry to me. The point is not that the mathematical expressiveness of the network model is as powerful or more powerful than what you can do with relational stuff. The point is that the network model maps nearly 1:1 with the actual programming model used to implement the application logic. All that relational goodness does you no good if you want to architect your application using an OO data model in a web application server. Maybe you're trying to argue that that's the wrong way to do web applications? But if you accept that people want to use Rails/Django/etc... then you have to also admit the argument that RDBMS's are the wrong tool for the job. This is true for the same reason that a Dremel is the wrong tool for framing a house, despite the greater expressive power of the Dremel's cutting tools. Markets, on the other hand, have a nasty habit of paying people nothing at all for failures. It's hard to feed a family in that kind of risk environment. I'm all for startup fever, but we have to be realistic here. The libertarian ideal of paying people the precise market value of their labor would lead to an awful lot of starving IT workers... Not to belittle the doctor's work, but the truth is this isn't that hard a hack to imagine. Dialysis is a pretty simple process, done with a diffusion membrane. No doubt what he did was take a membrane intended for a normal machine and size it down with "plumbing" appropriate for the patient. But then, that's kind of an essential quality of all great hacks, isn't it? They all look straightforward and simple when they're finished. I'm trying to square your concern for the gas mileage of your fellow drivers with your choice of vehicle. Those cylinders and their parasite losses (more air to compress, more manifold vacuum to suck, more surface area to rub against) don't come for free... You'd have to be a true leadfoot to pull a typical automatic sedan down to the mileage range of a 300hp monster (c.f. the Mustang GT, which gets 15/23mpg on the EPA test). My '99 Saturn, a pure commute vehicle which drives 5 miles at a time in stop and go traffic on a cold engine (basically pessimal fuel efficiency conditions) never gets below 22. Don't laugh. Some day folks will be struggling to maintain their ancient Rails junk and paying top dollar for anyone old enough to remember how it works. Giant batch systems (I'm assuming this is a batch thing) in COBOL really aren't so insane anyway. The language is simple (if ugly, and an evolutionary dead end), the problem is comparatively simple, and the batch notion eliminates a lot of the complexities people deal with in modern "realtime" systems. The real problem here is the IT bureaucracy that allowed the system to get so stale that it wasn't maintainable anymore. But than can happen anywhere, with any technology. While that's all true, it misses the fact that people want rules . We're classifiers by nature: our brains want to sort things into "good" and "bad" regardless of what the truth is. The only solution here is to educate everyone about all the subtleties of the issue and force them into using more fine-grained categories. Which, if you read it, is kinda what this article is trying (vainly, maybe) to do. Offsets are fine in principle, there are huge numbers of ways to sequester carbon verifiably. The problem is chaos in the market which makes it difficult to see who is doing the verification and how, combined with (in some cases) legitimate uncertainty in the science as to how much carbon is being stored by the technique. Planting forests is by far the cheapest trick, but the hardest to pin down as to numeric effects. Add to that uncertainty as to what the guarantees are on land use (i.e. how sure are we it won't be logged and cleared for cropland in 100 years) and the whole area is a huge mess. It's why I haven't purchased any offsets for myself yet. So yeah, the "jury is still out" I guess. But the idea is sound, as are most of the techniques. The problems are technical and bureaucratic, not fundamental. Carbon offsets will get there. It's just a maturing field of business. So basically, you're saying you don't care about the linked article. Congrats. :) Why bother posting that? More to the point, who is upvoting this, and why? This has to be a hoax, right? Let's bury an unattended box of hyper-toxic radioactive material in a box "transportable by truck" in every neighborhood where you can get to it just by digging. Yeah, that's a good idea.. ... Never mind. It's a hoax. Dig out your old Battletech stuff and check the about page. ...OK. I'm not sure you understood the point. In what way is a 220V electric cable (those are the only ones they bury, but hell: I'll spot you the high tension lines if you like) or a truck (as jobeirne mentioned above) anywhere near as dangerous, as a box of post-fissile nuclear material? Even discounting the possibility of terrorism, think of the possibility of poisoning the groundwater after an earthquake. FTA: Hyperion Power Generation, Inc. (HPG) was formed to bring to market the unique Hyperion (formerly Comstar) Maybe they're just 80's battletech geeks like me. But in FASA's game, Comstar was the cult-like organization that held a monopoly on the use of Hyper Pulse Generator communication technology. Can you poison a thousand people with a minivan? The sad irony is that I read that title and assumed it was an essay on font choices in development environments. The suspicion comes from the fact that you created a brand new account on hacker news to post a link to a brand new blog, both named after the single post on that blog. All of this just to troll a stale platform flame war (I mean, seriously: "linux won't work with my wireless card" ... that's the best you could come up with?) No, that's simply not correct. Reactor innards aren't just fuel: it's the fission products that are dangerous. These things are incredibly toxic. It's true that "nuclear is clean" when you view the picture from outside the reactor. But that all assumes no idiot is going to dig one up and open it. That's easy enough to ensure when the reactor is a giant guarded facility or a military vessel. The suggestion here is to bury it under urban areas. True enough. The other missing bit from the metaphor is that the 10th guy is actually buying most of his beer (and overwhelmingly more beer) at the "long term" rate, which is the same rate that the other guys would pay. So while his bar tab looks high, he drinks at home for almost free. Needless to say, he doesn't spend much time in the bar. Also, while it's stepping outside the clever metaphor: the 10th guy is literally tens of thousands of times wealthier than the 1st guy. Most normal people would consider that an important moral point in any discussion about who is paying "too much" for their beer. Most of this makes enough sense to me, although it's hardly groundbreaking. But point number 6 completely eludes me. The argument is that procedural code is hard to test because ... it doesn't have a capacity for overloading in a test?! It's like the guy has never heard of a stub function before. Or formal verification. He thinks about testing only in terms of OOP, and hits a wall when he gets out of his comfort range that he thinks is a generic point of testing theory. This one was just awful, sorry. (And it also seems to be introducing jargon that isn't required: what on earth is a "seem". Is he trying to say "seam"? Is that something I should have heard before?) Point 8 ("favor polymorphism over conditionals") is also pretty sketchy. I buy the argument that this makes things more testable, I guess, but there's a long-understood readability argument against this kind of thing. That kind of hyper-pure-OOP leads to unreadable code that stretches even simple algorithms across dozens of classes and source files. To be fair: PHP got the implicit conversion thing from perl, which has saner semantics. A lot of the confusion in the article is with things like: ("string" == true) evaluating to true. (Although your guess is as good as mine as to why the author was surprised by 0 == false). The reason that looks weird isn't because of the dynamic conversions, but because PHP decided it wanted to look like a statically typed language and added junk like boolean constants. In an implicit typing scenario, you don't have separate constants for different types. In this case, the "booleanness" of the thing is a property of the expression (the == operator, being evaluated inside of an if(), etc...), not the data. Maybe I'm just charitably interpreting things, but #1 actually seemed OK to me. I think his point was that you want to separate the code that interprets your data from the code that builds your data so that they can be tested in isolation. That makes a lot of sense to me. The "bad code" end of this spectrum would be an algorithm in the application logic that can only run when connected to a fully-stocked external data store. That's not very testable; ideally you want to suck in a "test set" from a file or whatever and hand it to the algorithm instead. But yeah, it's not as simple as removing "new" calls from application logic; it depends entirely on what you're trying to construct. Yeah, but that's a little mixed up, like a lot of PHP. That function returns a string, and something "not a string" to indicate completion. The standard way this is done in sane languages is to declare a nil reference (null pointer, whatever, undefined constant, etc...) that is guaranteed to be distinct from all strings, not to overload a "boolean" on top of a function that returns things that can be implicitly converted to a boolean in the first place. Perl, for example, would write that test as "if(defined $str) {...}". The point being: strings and booleans are an overlapped type space. If you want something outside that space, the proper choice is not a boolean. To be clear: it's a matter of correctness, not preference. Using a boolean constant to represent "not a string" when there are legal string values that are equal to that constant is a design bug, that you are working around via the identity operator. I'm happy that PHP has a null; less so that you don't see value in using it where it's required. I'll care more when I can buy a phone. I had so much hope for this platform... I'm not following. Being able to work for more companies is pretty clearly a greater "freedom" than not being able to work for some of them. Your idea that the ability to contract away that right is somehow itself a "freedom" sounds awfully orwellian, no? The freedom to choose not to be free? Please. And I don't follow your game theory point at all. This decision was about one particular kind of contract in the multiverse of possibilities. It certainly didn't throw out our "right to be sued" (again, Pravda much?) for breach of contract generically. It has a USB host port, which at least means that the universe of USB devices is available. You can get USB RS-232 devices, parallel I/O ("printer ports"), cheap ADCs ("joystick ports") etc... But I agree. A tiny microcontroller board is really only useful for what you can control with it, and out of the box this doesn't do much. Would it have killed them to toss a dozen bidirectional TTL ports on the thing? I loved this article. That being said: This brings us to another of git’s faults: its documentation is terrible. Man pages are no longer a sufficient replacement for a good, well-updated wiki or reference work; Huh? This is the kind of thing that IT pedants say when they don't have any better arguments. There's absolutely nothing wrong with a good man page (or, to be sure, any documentation format at all). /usr/bin/man, in 2008, is still my first choice for looking up the interface to system calls, C APIs and command line utilities like git. Now, could some of git's man pages use some work? Sure. But make that the criticism. Smacking about the format is just dumb. Smoking is restricted because it is a public health hazard, for the same reason we regulate the emission of toxins from other sources like industry or agriculture. So yes, there is a restriction in "freedom" in that case. But it's done for a clear, transparent and very compelling reason. (c.f. "no first amendment right to shoud 'fire' in a crowded theater", yada yada yada). What is the public health interest in restricting employer choice? How much of that is just due to attention? Not being an expert, my assumption would be that we're just seeing the effect of chess software getting boring (no more people to beat) and the supercomputer games folks moving on to greener pastures. You seem to be making an absolutist argument about freedom here, but that's missing the point. In your example: the answer is that the 10pm rule is a good thing if it means people have a choice of whether to live with late-night noise or not, and a bad thing if it means that no one does (because all available apartments have the rule, or don't). The proper balance of "freedom" (understood in the colloquial sense of being able to do what you want most of the time) depends on the state of the market, and has absolutely nothing to do with an abstract idea of "Freedom" that must be maximized in all cases. In the linked article, the court found that in practice (because essentially all employers use these non-compete clauses) collective freedom would be better served by eliminating them. It's the equivalent of all the landlords in a city enforcing a 10pm noise rule, and it sucks. The admonishment here is to the managers, not the people writing the proposals. The point is to let go and let your people do the simple stuff on their own. If you're stuck proposing a bike shed to people you know are going to muck with it, I think you're pretty much stuck. Short of deception, you can't stop them from doing what they want. Have you every written assembly language on punch cards? That was, in fact, the toolchain in use for OS/360. No editor: you either write them and hand them to a typist or punch them manually. Even simple typos and syntax errors don't come back for half an hour or more. So yeah, a factor of five for a typical programmer sounds about right to me. Truly great hackers might get closer (because they aren't as limited by tool overhead), but a typical IT wonk would be utterly lost in that environment and do much worse. Yeah, this is disappointing. Mostly because Hadoop is, in fact, a pretty nifty piece of software. But it's a cluster thing, and individual hackers don't do clusters for some pretty fundamental economic reasons. So to Dziuba, that means that the Hadoop people at Yahoo and elsewhere are "grownups". Sigh. To be fair: it's one month from launch. The SDKs were in developers' hands much earlier. And the general details of the platform architecture were in public hands (via the work of the jailbreak folks) much earlier still. To some extent, MobiltSafari is already the iPhone's killer app. Nothing else it does is really all that shockingly great. But a web browser isn't going to be killer for more than a smallish handful of people. It's not "killer" in the way that SMS texting was, for example. Will there be another? The jury hasn't come back yet. FTA: The problem is that dreaded dynamic request which cuts through the cache and requires a blocking database query, which has an unfortunate side effect of locking up the resources on your application server as well. Come again? I'm not aware of any database technology where a synchronous request on one socket locks up the whole application server. What on earth are they talking about here? Sockets are cheap. Thread stacks are cheap. Just make the call and let the database sort out the locking and synchronization. I don't even see how the linked library fixes the problem anyway. It just moves the blocking socket out of the web/app server and into a chunk of middleware that manages its own database connections. That's mostly a myth. Yes, you have to worry about what you put on those stacks. But 2-3 pages per blocking call is noise even on low end servers these days. At my day job, we have an application (not a web app, but something similar architecturally) which routinely has 4-700 threads blocked on I/O on a 2G machine. The load average scares the IT guys, but the application works very smoothly and scales much better than anything using select() or poll() would (CPU overhead checking 700 file descriptors isn't trivial). And the code is cleaner to boot. The "don't use threads for I/O" notion comes out of the early 90's, when OS schedulers were more primitive and memory was more scarce. Their point is that it's a synchronous query. Just like a blocking read from a disk file, you have to wait until the answer is available before issuing another one. If you have a poorly threaded app server (which seems to be the use case here), that's a needless performance bottleneck. Tom, you're not making any sense here. You stated that "threads weren't cheap". I said this really wasn't true anymore for this problem area (mostly-blocking network I/O) and mentioned an application I'd written that shows exactly this over a load regime very close to what you'd see with a heavily-contested web application database. Now you're talking about stuff like synchronization overhead, which wasn't at issue: synchronous access to a few hundred separate file descriptors (one per thread) obviously doesn't need to synchronize anything. You're stating some stuff of questionable veracity (select/poll certainly do scale poorly once you get past a few hundred descriptors -- just check the kqueue/epoll justification documents for copious benchmarks to that effect). And you're even making up some, er, interesting new terms: what on earth is an "I/O scheduler" as distinct from a "context scheduler"? Usually when you use the former term, you're talking about the block device request scheduler (elevator algorithm, etc...) which (1) isn't involved here as we're talking about balancing network I/O and (2) is invoked in the same way for local I/O regardless of whether you're doing I/O via an async request for 700 blocks or via 700 synchronous read() calls from separate threads. And you capped it all off with a few ad hominems that I honestly don't think are appropriate on this site, at least in a technical context. Stop flaming. I'll say it once more: threads are cheap in this regime. The linked article is a hack to get around the problems of database access from monolithic, poorly threaded language interpreters. It's not a "performance enhancement" in any meaningful way. Even a shared-nothing web app architecture a-la news.arc is likely to do better than an extra hop through this thing. That's hard, though, because a naive application of that philosophy results in a smothering bureaucracy where even simple tasks become hideously expensive. The trick is architecting the process to avoid the possibility of mistakes in the first place (or better: architecting the system being implemented such that it's tolerant of mistakes being made). What you describe is the operations equivalent of a software guy hacking a one line patch around a bug. Too many of those without any cleanup/refactoring and you start introducing new bugs while fixing old ones. This whole critique is based on a fallacy: aesthetics and usability are not the same thing! I don't see anything non-functional on the linked site at all. It just uses fonts and colors that aren't currently en vogue among the elite web 2.0 cadres. There aren't any background gradients. The text is white on black (horrors!) and somewhat larger than is fashionable these days (though why that should be a usability problem I don't know). It doesn't artificially restrict the text column to half (or less) of the browser width. The worst thing is that there isn't even a shred of usability evidence anywhere in the post. When the author says that Jakob's site is "unreadable", what he's really saying is that he doesn't want to read it because it doesn't conform to his norms of aesthetics. It's like Picasso refusing to study Da Vinci because clearly he didn't grok cubism. The problems are a little more subtle than that, I think. The study was of middle aged runners and non-runners over a 20 year period. It didn't include any elderly, apparently. So the anti-correlation here is between death in middle age (what most people would term "dying early") and running. There is no correlation shown for the lede of the article, which talks about living a "long life". There's evidence that runners don't die young as often, not that they live longer. As far as causation goes, I don't have too much of a problem with that. The clear hypothesis would be that runners have stronger hearts more capable of dealing successfully with degenerative conditions like heart disease, and therefore they're less likely to die of a very common killer of the middle aged. The hypothesis isn't proven by the data at hand, but is at least very strongly suggested. But that's not "usability", it's style. Is style impotant? Yes. But it's entirely possible to have eminently usable software that is ugly to a bunch of people. Don't fall into the trap of thinking that your ideas about "ugly" are the same as other peoples'. The implied irony was that a usability expert produce a site with poor usability, and it's just plain wrong. Visit the link. It's not even that ugly, frankly. It is spare, clean, and very well-organized. It just happens to look a lot like default HTML rendering. Shrug. I'm not sure what the problem is here. I worked as a salaried employee (in California) for an LLC from 1998 to 2001 (after which it incorporated). I got a ton of restricted stock options at a near-zero strike price, as was the custom at the time. Certainly an LLC can hire people and give them equity (options, in this case). Either laws have changed, or maybe you've misinterpreted? Company valuations are growth bets. Nokia is already holds a huge share of an almost-saturated industry. There isn't much room for growth in their core business area, and they don't have a history of growing into new areas of revenue like some of the other companies on the list (Google and Apple especially). FWIW, Apple and Google are both overvalued. :) [edit: I should say technology company valuations are growth bets. Corporations in stable industries are more often valued by earnings, unless something weird is going on (acquisition talk, etc...).] Indeed. From the perspective of a developer, I can see not wanting your baby to be ignored in a corporate bureaucracy. But investors don't normally think that way. I don't know what founders are "supposed" to think here, but if it were me I'd take the money and find a new baby if I had to. That's wrong, actually. Getting high throughput in the face of high latencies is a solved problem, and the solution is called "buffering". TCP does this just fine, and was designed to do this from the beginning. The problem is that the buffer isn't big enough. Standard TCP windows top out at 64kb due to field sizes in the header. This was a lot of data to be going over the wire in the days of 56k frame relay lines. Unfortunately, in the modern world a connection with a round trip latency of 200ms (not uncommon) and a bandwidth cap of 10Mbps (ditto) is going to need four times that much data "stored" on the wire. The TCP headers don't allow for that, so the transmitter needs to wait to send new data until the long-delayed ACKs come back from the receiver. As the article points out at the bottom, there is a "window scale" option to IPv4 that allows for larger windows that is reaching common deployment, and of course IPv6 doesn't have the size limitation in the first place. I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Cisco routers, at least at the level I've been exposed to, don't have particularly good switching times. In point of fact, switching an IP header through a few-hundred-thousand-entry routing table is something that any desktop CPU can do in a microsecond or so. Companies like Cisco have managed to convince a lot of people that routers are these hugely complicated devices. They aren't. The hardware side of long haul fiber networking is where the voodoo is. Routing? Not so much. Honestly, that conventional wisdom is a little hackneyed. I'm not sure most folks would call C "wonderful" for low level code. It's warts are well known, and really don't need to be there: the structure syntax is needlessly complicated (. and -> are separate operators for no good reason); the calling conventions are backwards to support a varargs facility that almost no one understands; they underspecified the type conventions, leading to perennial confusion about the sizes of ints and longs or the signedness of char; etc... If you were starting from scratch to write a language to live in the same space, you probably would fix most of those. But conversely, it's not "atrocious" for "application" code either. Plenty of good software has been and will continue to be written in C. It's probably a poor choice for code that handles mostly string data. It's doesn't have a whole lot of advantages for an architecture with lots of parallelism (i.e. one which doesn't need to worry about single-CPU performance issues). Since those two criteria generally define "web development", you don't see a whole lot of C used for the kind of problems YC startups work on. Just recognize that those defined a very limited notion of "application", and that lots of people in the real world are working on "applications" for which C et. al. are very useful, eminently practical languages choices. Really, C is there to abstract the CPU. If the CPU has an instruction to do something, you'll probably find it as an operator in C. If it doesn't, you won't. If your problem is appropriately targetted at that level of abstraction, you'll think C is great. If it's not, you won't. I guess that's hardly a surprise. I think you're overstating things. Generating x86 output from an intermediate language really isn't that bad. Is it what you would come up with if you were designing an ISA from scratch, but it's hardly rocket science either. More to the point: the real determining factor for "CPU uberness" isn't the ISA at all, it's the process technologies. Modern x86 CPUs aren't exactly handicapped; in fact they're pretty much the best parts you can buy in almost all major market areas. Other architectures at this point are increasingly niche parts: very low power (the ARM family, although Intel is moving into this market as we speak), or very high parallelism (Sun's Niagra, IBM's Cell), etc... If any of the stuff you're complaining about really mattered, it ought to be a competitive advantage to someone, no? But it's verifiably not. Except that the problem is that precisely none of those features were invented by the REST people. This is the way sane network applications have worked since the beginning of time. What REST introduced is a dogma that said not only "this is good" (something no one agrees with) but "you must do it precisely this way", which is just ridiculous. Flatly: there isn't that much innovation in REST. It's a good idea that can be expressed in a few short sentences. It doesn't deserve books, and it doesn't deserve the priesthood that has grown up around it. When sane ideas start to smell like heavyweight frameworks, they've outlived their usefulness. Yes. The fact that XML parsers are pervasive is a good thing, and an advantage for XML as a technology. But it says absolutely nothing about XML as a metadata format. A standard parser suite for anything would have the same advantages. Note also that there are other technologies with pervasively available parsers, like JSON, which don't share any of XML's warts. Uh... a tad too eager? Dude, we crossed that threshold with Ant or JSP. By the time XSLT and XQuery rolled around, we were looking at a full-on stampede of developer group-think. XSLT happens to be my pet peeve. I simply can't understand how anyone would have ever looked at that problem ("how to turn a source data document into a presentation format" -- something that has been solved sanely a thousand times by obscure technologies like "scripts", or "PHP") and decided that the best way to handle it was a turing-complete pattern matching language written in XML itself! I mean, it looks more like a torture device than a programming language... Web servers such as lighttpd and Apache are blazingly fast at serving static pages. Reading a file from disk and sending its contents back to the browser is as simple as it gets. Except that it's not. One of the reason the classic web servers are so amazingly fast with static files is that they, along with the operating systems they run on, have spend significant time trying to optimize this process. For linux, for example, look at the sendfile(2) system call, or the TCP_CORK socket option. These were expressly designed to permit a userspace program to get a file through the kernel and onto the wire with as few CPU cycles and memory copies as possible. One of the most frustrating things about the Web 2.0 crowd (from the perspective of curmudgeons like me) is that they really don't have a clue about any of this complexity. They just figure that they'll stuff everything into a DJango/Rails/whatever request and scale up later. Then when they run into trouble, they end up turning to tools like Apache as black boxes and designing Rube Goldberg apparatii around them when they really should be looking at the problem more directly. Really, folks: those low level APIs are your friends. They're not nearly as scary as they look. Even if you end up with an off-the-shelf solution, knowledge of this stuff can only be good for you. That's mostly like the power requirements for the datacenter as a whole, which would include things like HVAC, lighting, network equipment like switches and routers that don't appear in the "server" list, losses from power redundancy features (flywheels and batteries aren't free to operate) etc... It seems like most of the complaint in the first half (before the author starts talking about redundancy technologies) isn't actually about redundancy at all. It's a complaint that they have these XP laptops that they can't actually develop on and need access to their linux desktops. Isn't the solution, y'know, simply to give the developers linux laptops and put the non-essential junk on windows boxes under their desks? Or inside a vmware instance? I'll admit I was shocked that they're using Outlook. I actually interviewed there many years back and was impressed at how sane the whole environment seemed. Maybe things have changed. Erlang [...] is already very mature and reliability is a feature built into the runtime over years of practical experience. According to wikipedia, it didn't support scaling to multiple physical CPU/cores until 2006. I'm sure it's reliable. I just think you might be overstating the case here. That's not the bug though. The bug is that the error message a user sees when visiting a self-signed site using HTTPS is much more scary than simply visiting that site on an unencrypted connection, even though by all reasonable standards this is a safer, more private, and more secure action. If we're not going to warn folks about unencrypted links where every proxy in the way is a man-in-the-middle attack waiting to happen, why are we going through such contortions to warn them about the same attacks in a situation where they are much harder to accomplish? I've never understood this warning at all. If there are no compelling apps for Android, nobody will buy the phones. This is just wrong. It's personal computer thinking from the 80's, and it just doesn't hold in the consumer electronics space. The phone is the killer app. Developers want it to be a "platform" because they want to be the next killer app vendor. But there are very , very few cases I can think of where we've seen 3rd party applications drive significant phone sales. It's certainly not true for the iPhone, which was selling like hotcakes for months before a (non-jailbreak) SDK was even available. The "killer app" is the browser, screen size, and touch interface. I'm not saying people will never buy 3rd party apps, or that a great one won't arrive. But the idea that you have to have developer buy-in to have a successful phone product is just silly, and disproved by pretty much every successful phone over the past decade of consumer experience. Why is a self-signed site insecure? Why isn't an HTTP site with a credit card prompt equally insecure (please, don't try to tell me that users look at the yellow bar -- we all know from direct experience that they don't)? Why is a properly certed site known to be secure for password use and credit card transactions? You're assuming all kinds of facts not in evidence. My point was simply that the FireFox tradition (now enhanced) of warning about secure transfers to unverified sites was dumb: it creates a clear incentive for sites not to use HTTPS, so as not to scare their users. Amen. I can't think of anything to add to this article other than "thank goodness someone sane is saying this". It's not that REST is a bad architecture, actually. It's that the things that make REST a good architecture are things that are done elsewhere on a regular basis without the kind of praise or priesthood that you get when you give it a hard-to-grok ("representational state transfer!?") acronym for a name. What we're seeing with REST is what we saw with Design Patterns in the 90's. A bunch of very simple, very sane ideas turned into a parody of what they were supposed to have been. DP was a cookbook for how to solve common design problems, but what we ended up with (c.f. much of the Java libraries, swing especially) were kitchens designed so closely to that model that they could only produce the recipes in the cookbook. How is a "representation of resource state" any different than a "thing" though? Every data structure is a "representation of state". There's almost no meaning there. It's just filler. Other competitors don't have this problem: "remote procedure call" directly evokes what's happening (a synchronous call and response); likewise what an ORB does is, in fact, brokerage of object requests. All you get from REST is that you're sending some "stuff" from one place to another, and a vague promise that it's "state" (data) instead of behavior. If REST really wanted to pick a good name, wouldn't it involve the notion of "stateless resources as URLs" somewhere? They're kinda the central point. Look: the point here isn't to smack about REST's name. I don't care what you call it, that's not the problem. The problem is that a lot of REST proponents actually think that REST invented a lot of stuff (like, heh, representing state) that are just pre-existing good ideas to which it gave a name. The good thing is that that population generally coincides with the people who use the most recent fancy gadgets with working IPv6 support. The danger here is the legacy software in the hands of grandparents who can't meaningfully upgrade without huge personal costs. Those are the folks well-served by an ISP-managed proxy solution. The gamers will be happier with IPv6 anyway. Yeah, indeed. The word to eject from the process is "formal", not "documentation". Write stuff down however it works for you: be it email, IRC logs, napkins, whiteboards, whatever. Refine as needed. Write summaries every few ideas. If the problem is of the right size, bang out prototype scripts and let these serve as "documentation" too. But scrap the endless cycles of proposals, reviews, designs and revisions. Do that stuff implicitly. He was looking to get laid, apparently. CSS can be hard for a programmer. It kinda should. You should be programing. I do CSS all day Well, yeah. But that's the logic that COBOL programmers used for years and years: "it works well enough." Enough experience can make up for all sorts of design flaws. That doesn't mean that CSS isn't a flawed design. CSS is a terrible design-by-committee disaster. Is it good to have a stylesheet language to define presentation details? Yes. Is it good to have this stylesheet language? Not so much. Is #1 actually correct? The plain interpretation would be that if you join two tables on one field, it can only read the index from one table at a time and needs to do a linear search through the second table for each row. Clearly that's ridiculous, and not MySQL's behavior at all. Clearly this is a more subtle problem. The rest of the text implies this is a scaling issue ("wait until your tables get large enough"), but I don't see why that's the case. Can someone enlighten me? This is great advice, but it requires significant project discipline to make it work with large projects. Breaking builds or introducing bugs that make your coworker's jobs harder is a cost you need to look at. Tools like git, with per-developer "branches" might be a good choice. But I fear that it a typical team is told to check their changes in every few hours, this is going to cause more harm than good. Honestly, I think this is exactly backwards. The voodoo juice in "agile" comes from the mindset, and not the specific practices. The mindset is encapsulated pretty well by the manifesto, IMHO. Could someone write a better one? Maybe. But if you want to know what agile is all about, read the manifesto. Decades of experience in XP, *DD, AUP, etc... isn't going to teach you much about the "why" of those paradigms. If I were an agile proponent (and I'm really not) interviewing a candidate, I'd want to know that they can explain the handful of ideas in the manifesto. Process stuff is something any monkey can implement. Horsey? I don't much disagree with any of that. I might quibble with a few things (I'm not sure that "forecast" is really a central theme in most schemes, lots of very successful, nominatively "agile" development gets by without much of a timetable), but that's not particularly at issue. Your list looks good to me. But it also looks like a manifesto. And that's fine. So maybe your point is that you like your manifesto better than the official one? I like the poetry of the original better, but yours seems good too. But I don't understand the idea of "feel-good marketing bleck". The points of the original look awfully profound to me. I think you're being too hard on it here. If you like concrete guidelines more than statements of purpose, feel free. Just don't throw tomatoes at those of us who prefer the poetry. You're looking at the wrong level of abstraction. The C++ standards committee is no doubt a group of very smart people. But they're trying to "evolve" C++ by adding every feature under the sun. It doesn't matter how smart you are; if you try that, you'll make a mess. In fact, the very fact that these are smart people might be blinding them to the fact that they're designing a language to be used by mere mortals. Really, C++ started simply. Early cfront languages were delightful, IMHO (with a few warts, like "protected", which in hindsight were a mistake). It was C, but with a pleasing syntax for class encapsulation and virtual function dispatch. I still write most of my C++ in that language. But then we got multiple inheritance, and operator overloading, and placement new, and constructor initializer lists, and koenig lookup, and RTTI, and templates, (pause for breath) and now garbage collection, and synchronization, and lambdas. When will it end!? Every one of this changes is justifiable in isolation , but the end result is a language that almost no one actually understands (literally: I'm not sure I know anyone in my professional circle with a solid grasp of the entirety of C++ -- contrast that with the fact that almost everyone knows C more or less perfectly). Isn't the real bug here that your hiring process is using the degree program as input in the first place? If a few questions about pointers are all it takes, then isn't that a better, cheaper indicator to use? Yeah, but the problem is that this leads to a bunch of good software for software developers. :) There's a huge population out there with wants and needs that aren't captured by the tastes of a typical geek. That's where the money is, which is why you get so many dumb (dumb in hindsight, that is) startup ideas. The risk is higher doing something outside your own "internal market", but the payoff is higher too. SCons is fine for working with builtin rules. It's kind of a mess for writing elaborate custom rules, for the same reason that python is a poor command line tool integration language when compared with the shell (of which make is, essentially, a superset). The same is true for cmake, or the GNU autotools, or ant, etc... I happen to like make. It's true that as a programming language it's pretty weak. And it doesn't do anything for the "C portability" problems that the other tools try (with varying degrees of success) to solve. But as a way to wrap a bunch of short shell scripts together with some dependency management in an easy to maintain way, it's better than anything else I've seen. Blocks and lambdas Yeah, but this is an area where both languages are just a mess. If python's lambda is castrated, ruby's notion of an anonymous function is tumorous. We've got blocks, procs, lambdas and methods? What's the difference? Ruby mixes up the syntactic requirements of "passing" some code to a loop to iterate with with the data requirements of binding a function to a scope. It's just a huge mess. LISP and Scheme figured all this out decades ago, and yet only Javascript (and, almost, perl) among common scripting languages has managed to absorb the lesson. As does nasal: http://plausible.org/nasal That's my own language, and quite obscure (FlightGear uses it, and I've done quite a bit with it personally). But if you want to include Lua too, we might as well be consistent. I was trying to stay within languages with which most readers here would be familiar. Wait for next week's blog, when he discovers the joys of Series60 programming. Indeed, this is good. However, it's sometimes also good to be able to actually paste data. Must we be denied both? Useless? Huh? How else are we going to reinforce our strongly held cultural perceptions about those awful foreigners? Article is a political diatribe. It hypes studies to which it doesn't link, or even explain. The researchers who did the studies are are identified only as (I'm not making this up) "North Carolina", "Virginia", and "Ontario." The results apparently are that traffic light cameras (hidden devices) are linked to an increase in crashes, but doesn't even attempt to offer a hypothesis as to why. There's no content here, just opinion. One issue worth pointing out is that this slots nicely into the various "Why should we have to learn C?" discussions that pop up here from time to time. This is why. Eventually, something dumb will happen inside your tools, and you'll need to figure it out. Blind faith in any of the software you rely on is bad, you need to know how it works. And to first approximation, all the software you rely on is written in C. There's a slight anti-correlation with population size. Large nations with conventionally "successful" olympic programs (USA, China, Russia) are well below median in medals per capita. My guess is that this is because there's an upper limit on entrants. The USA and China might be much more likely to get medals, but they're still limited to three per event at maximum. There might be events where a big nation (China and diving comes to mind) might be able to get even more medals, but can't because they only have so many slots. What does it say that people like Atwood, who presumably would have no difficulty writing threadsafe synchronization code in a typical application, are stumped when trying to do the same thing in a database? Database server synchronization primitives are just awful, sorry. They're completely opaque, highly implementation-dependent, and the only way to see the innards and optimize what's really happening is to become an expert at the database implementation level. Only if by "diagnosing" you mean "lucking out and finding a pre-existing bugzilla entry on the problem". Someone earlier had to identify the problem and crawl through the RH patch sets looking for it. The author, who doesn't want to think beyond perl, was stuck without this. Not everyone is so lucky. This is a page from the Gnome developer guidelines. It's not about Firefox per se. And it looks pretty old to me; they're talking about "Mozilla" as a product, which it hasn't been for several years now. My guess is that this was written during the early push for Gnome 2.0, maybe four years ago. It's sane (if unsurprising) advice. Using it as evidence for the current state of Firefox's memory management strikes me as a poor idea. Indeed. This seems to be putting a "price" (really, with those numbers, these are just game-like "points", they aren't going to change anyone's compensation meaningfully) on what amounts to the low hanging fruit of the development world. Yes, all that stuff is good. But you can do all that right, constantly refactor code, write tests to avoid "rolling out bugs caught by others", and still have an expensive, out-of-control project. This just seems like a way to turn otherwise wasted developer cycles in to busywork. It's seems fine, and might be fun for a while, but I can't see this making a huge difference in the long term Indeed. FTA: "First and foremost, by being the best damned Java or C++ programmer their management had ever seen. In 1996, I took three Java books on my honeymoon, and read them. [...] Every single night after work on my C++ contracts, I would read something from Design Patterns and Stroustrup." Truly, the author is a paragon of development expertise. He reads books (books!) on Java and DP. He's even read the manual of his programming language! That's one 133+ h4x0r there, I tell you. I'm in awe. This is interesting, but thin. Those truly interested in the implementation details of ELF shared libraries on linux should read Ulrich Drepper's whitepaper: http://people.redhat.com/drepper/dsohowto.pdf The title of the post is a little misleading. The point of the article isn't that SSDs are useless for laptops. It's that they aren't at a price point yet where they are attractive alternatives for typical customers. Current SSDs are still 5x more expensive than magnetic drives per byte. And while their seek performance is great, their streaming read performance is mediocre and their write performance is just awful. Likewise promises of low power consumption haven't really been realized yet. Um... what? You install valgrind by selecting it from your package manager (e.g. "apt-get install valgrind"). You run it by prepending "valgrind" to the command. Then you read the output. Valgrind is one of the most dummy-proof development tools I'm aware of. For someone to claim that they don't have the patience to "learn" it is just beyond me. Doesn't it sort of play against the idea that Erlang is ready for prime time though? I mean, come on: it's not like tracking line numbers in generated code is an unsolved problem. My own toy language ( http://plausible.org/nasal ) does this just fine, for example. Here's a language (mine) in the same space as perl/python/ruby/javascript that does native threads just fine: http://plausible.org/nasal The problem isn't that hard if you think about it from the start. Nasal will grab a global lock for garbage collection, but everything else is parallel. That's a very weak analysis. The point you're replying to is that this site had no content, not that its users didn't "want to" use it in some metaphysical sense. This site was exploiting a difference between google's advertising cost and its advertising payout. They would buy ads to drive traffic to more ads, and make money on the difference. That's all. The site itself didn't matter, it was all about ads. Google, to their credit, discovered that they weren't making a profit from this customer, so they adjusted their prices accordingly. How is this not just a more verbose equivalent of a shell script watchdog? The idea is sound (if hardly mind-bending), but the implementation here seems overly complicated. Honestly, I think even this article is a little to rosy on Sun's prospects. On the software side, they've basically ceded the high performance server world to linux. Tools like dtrace and zfs, while nice, aren't really dealmakers to normal people, and let's be honest: those are really Solaris's only competitive advantages against RHEL or Ubuntu. And in hardware, they've bet the farm on Niagra which, contra the hopeful quotes in the article, really isn't all that great a CPU. It's two process nodes behind Intel (and one and a half behind AMD), and it's a largely unchanged core from the late 90's that doesn't scale beyond 1 GHz or so. The power efficiency point is valid, but only for some workloads (highly parallel servers, basically), and only by a tiny bit. Newer quad-core Xeon's are nipping at Sun's heels as we speak, and have vastly better per-core performance. I'm in the same boat. And the number one annoyance is that it's not keystroke compatible. I have the standard editting keys in my fingers for loading files (C-x C-f C-a C-k pathprefix TAB path TAB etc..). That stuff breaks with ido and I get stalled and have to compose myself and figure out what I'm doing. Wouldn't it have been possible to preserve both the classic editability of the path string and have fuzzy matching? I wasn't saying that Sun's customers were abnormal. I was saying that dtrace and zfs specifically didn't have much appeal to the "normal people" corporate market. That is, RHEL doesn't suffer much in comparison. And their servers hardware is fine. It's very competitive in features (but, as you point out, not in price) with all nine thousand other server vendors out there. You can't maintain a company of the size of Sun Microsystems selling white box rack hardware without a huge increase in volume (which would make them a Dell clone, and that space is already occupied). I just don't see anything really good coming out of Sun that is going to save the company. Solaris isn't it. Niagra isn't it. What else do they have? IT staff don't know what to look for in running processes, and don't debug production software in the field. DTrace is a great developer tool. Developers don't buy enough to sustain Sun's revenue model. Likewise ZFS doesn't solve problems in the corporate space, where all the important data is stored in database products that already provide snapshoting and integrity protection (and lots more). Having that stuff available in the filesystem is cool for a developer because it changes the list of feature you need to get elsewhere. To an IT staff, it's just a bunch of checklist features. I'm sure you like Solaris very much. That's not my point. My point was that you, and developers like you, don't make for a sufficiently large market to sustain Sun Microsystem's position in the market. And free operating system is going to save them how, exactly? At best this would get them a revenue stream along the lines of what Red Hat or Novell sees, which is a solid order of magnitude lower than what Sun was getting during the boom years. It's noise. It's like saying that the Zune (at best, an iPod killer) is going to "save" Microsoft. I think there's a lot of confusion about my point here. I'm not saying Sun's products aren't cool. I'm saying that in the modern world, they aren't going to produce enough revenue to maintain Sun's position in the industry. The company is going to either fail or shrink into a tiny shell of its former self (which is basically the same thing). I'm not sure what "count" means in that context. It's real software you can run, and it's really running on OS X and Linux. So it does what it advertises. But yes: this is basically advertisement. Google released a big piece of notable windows software with an open source license, and Codeweavers took the opportunity to show how you could get that source base running on other platforms in a matter of days using their product. I'm not rushing off to download it, but still: this is a good hack, and a great piece of marketing IMHO. If they're counterspinning with equal angular momentum, there won't be any gyroscopic effects at all. The precession torque from one wheel is exactly opposite to the other. The only gotcha is making sure that torques get applied equally to both wheels to keep them at the same speed, even if the enclosure itself is rotating. But I'm skeptical. Anything with moving parts has failure modes. Huge stationary flywheels as building or municipal storage devices make a lot more sense to me than putting one in a car. Actually, asymptotically (as you peel off the overhead) I'm sure they're in a dead tie. Ultimately, serving a static file consists of reading the header, opening the target file and calling the sendfile() syscall. The bulk of the work is obviously the data transfer, and on a modern OS that happens in the kernel. I have a hard time believing that any web server is going to significantly distinguish itself on the basis of header parsing, of all things. And since when is service of static files a significant performance problem anyway? Unless you're youtube, this is the easy part of web application optimization. I have read through the apache source, actually. If those hooks are disabled, they're just a branch not taken. Compared to the work of moving a 32k (or whatever) file through the page cache and out the network interface, it's just noise. I'm not holding up apache as a model of clean code, mind you. Like all mature software, it's terribly crufty in places. I'm just saying that serving static files is something that even crufty software can do quickly. If you want to show up apache, this isn't the test to use. It's been about a year or two since I've done anything serious in python, and ... yikes. Does anyone else get the feeling that Python is "C++ing" itself into a confusing mess? While lots of these elements weren't surprising to me, some were. And many that were convey little to no real value (c.f. "decorators", or "the step argument in slice operators"). This is the same thing that happened to C++. If you keep adding features that are useful to someone in some specific context, what you get is a more powerful language for an expert user writing code, but one that is much less productive for the people who have to maintain it. And, can I just ask: how many ways to iterate over stuff does python really need? I'll never understand the mindset behind windows developers that says: "When starting a project to do some simple low-level task, first throw up a uselessly simple GUI application and put a button on it." I mean, half of this article is about how to use the GUI wizard, just to show off about 10 lines of code. Beyond that, it's reasonably instructive. I'm happy to know that RS-232 isn't forgotten in the .NET world; there is lots of legacy hardware out with important things to say. Although I was amused by this bit of hubris in the API design: serialPort1.StopBits= StopBits.One; I'd be curious to hear why the designer felt that the concept of a "stop bit" was so important or complicated that it deserved its own abstraction for the number one. :) You're comparing the python syntax with the equivalent C++, not with the python syntax it replaced, which by my count is three lines shorter. The point is this: does the savings in code size from a list comprehension (which is 100% pure sugar on top of the existing loop syntax -- there's no new semantics in that feature) balance out the difficulty of teaching them to every new python programmer? If you're a python expert, clearly your answer is "yes! this is a great feature!". But that's what the C++ experts say too, even as their language buries itself under a mountain of complexity. From the outside looking in, I'm seeing exactly the same thing happen to python. Some fancy features make a language fun and productive. Too many such features make it a mess. Right. So ... why bother with adding a feature to the language when the language as it already exists can do it in one easily-comprehended line of six tokens? I'm sure you like the shorter syntax better. But I didn't know it, despite years of experience with scripting languages (and even this paradigm) that should have informed me about what that code means. But it didn't, for the simple reason that it looked funny because I haven't been keeping up with Python. I'll say it one last time: this idea, that the language should cater to its experts by adding features wherever possible, is what has killed C++ as a hacker's language. Python is walking blindly down the same path. Not really, no. The "stop bit" is an asynchronous delay inserted between the transition edge of the final bit of a byte and the rising edge of the next start bit. It's a fundamentally analog unit of time that just happens to be measured in "bits". In principle, there could be hardware that wants three stop bits, or 0.7. To the extent that there are only four values, that's purely because of historical convention (and maybe limitations of early PC UARTs, I don't have datasheets handy). All of which could have been easily and more robustly encapsulated by the use of a float instead of the bizzaro-world enum that they chose. There are free software exchange clients, and it's an open platform. Do the math. :) The truth is that the baked-in software stack is never going to be what sells this phone. If what the user wants is an expensive, high end, pocket-sized browser appliance, then the iPhone has already cornered that market. Android is trying to be a platform. The extent to which it succeeds is precicely that to which criticisms like yours miss the point. If there are important things that it can't do that aren't addressed by the developer base, then it will fail. If not, then it wins. I have a hard time believing that Apple will ever put their name on a clunky external keyboard for a phone. The whole idea just screams "ugly" to my sense of aesthetics. Keep an extra gadget in your pocket just so you can type on your phone? (even worse: it'd have to clip on to the phone or something for access to the display). Ick. An undocumented hack is going to shoot the G1 in the head and make it DOA? I wasn't saying that this couldn't be done. I was saying that Apple would never do it, because it's an aesthetic disaster. This isn't such a surprise. The battery in a hybrid vehicle needs to be no larger than needed to buffer the kinetic energy of typical stop-and-go traffic. Anything larger is just dead weight that you're carrying around (and expending energy to do so) in the vain hope that a big downhill slope is in your future. I know from personal experience that my Prius needs to roll down about 800 feet vertically to fill its battery. Vehicles that need to actually power themselves exclusively (or mostly, as in a plugin hybrid) with their batteries need bigger ones for their weight, or better ones (this thing is using a Li-Ion instead of the NiMH battery in the Prius). But you can't go out and buy more cache. If you have an algorithm where the working set spills out of L2 cache (let's just assume that anything needing a log time search facility won't fit in L1) you can easily get a factor of 5 or 10 or so by packing your data. Main memory latency is a huge factor in modern performance analysis. And I was sad to see that this wasn't even covered in the article. The biggest win for a B-tree for in-memory use IMHO isn't actually the size advantage, it's the fact that you can prefetch each node and not have to pay the full round trip latency for log2(N) lookups. Article is mostly fluff. The most specific thing it says about either platform is that "you use Eclipse by default for Android". NDA notwithstanding, I would love to see a hacker-level architecture comparison at some point. Anyone have pointers? What's wrong with C? Essentially all the speed-critical code on your system (think: the kernel, stuff like openssl, libpng/libjpg, audio & video codecs, MySQL, PostgreSQL, ruby, perl, python, php, apache, nginx, memcached, ...) is written in C, and it works great. There's a strange disease among modern application programmers where they seem not to be able to "see C" even when it's driving the very engines of their success. If you just look a tiny bit more deeply, you'll discover that it's not nearly as hard as you think it is. I'm not following. The discussion is about C++, which shares the same heap management as C, so I don't see what you are trying to say here. And I'll be frank: the hubris in your discounting the programming skills and choices of all of those working, mature, robust and very successful projects is just absolutely stunning. Have you ever delivered anything of comparable quality? Until you have, please don't condescend to tell Guido or Linus or Larry how to write their code. I'll submit that these projects are written in C because their rather talented authors see something in that environment that you don't. And that the fact that you don't see value in an environment that is undeniably producing valuable software says more about you than it does about them. Seriously dude, you gotta check that attitude. Electricity is a commodity. There's no inherent "freedom" lost in paying someone to give it to you, any more than there is for buying your bread from a market instead of growing your own wheat. The proper analogy would be not to electricity in general, but to (in the US) 220V 60Hz two-phase alternating current. What if you could only buy that power format from one vendor, who then decided to increase the price or change the format such that you'd have to replace all your existing electrical hardware or be at their mercy? Then you might feel that your freedom to operate your equipment was being infringed, no? Not "any company" certainly. Microsoft doesn't require an NDA for their mobile platform's SDK. Symbian doesn't require an NDA for their mobile platform's SDK. Palm doesn't require an NDA for their mobile platform's SDK. Nokia doesn't require an NDA for their mobile platforms' SDK. And, finally and most importantly, Google doesn't require an NDA for access to their mobile platform's SDK. So basically, Apple was out alone here. No one else is remotely as "evil" in this aspect. It's OK that you like the platform, there's lots to recommend it. But don't sugarcoat things. Apple were being repressive and obnoxious, and only relented because they were forced to by a competing platform. The author seems to be freaking out a wee bit much over branching, which the last time I checked is quite fast on the shallow-pipeline ARM cores in the market. Branches get more expensive the deeper the pipeline gets, which means they're hugely important for desktop CPUs (although a little less now than in the days of the "netburst" cores from Intel). But for ARM? Meh. What's a much bigger deal on ARM are cache issues. The L1 caches are very small, and there is no L2. Keeping working set sizes down for instructions and data is hugely important, which means that tricks like these aren't always a win if you're using them instead of (e.g.) calling a "min()" function. And (someone correct me if I'm misremembering) ARM doesn't have a physically tagged cache, which means the caches can't survive a change in memory domain like a system call. I know for a fact that syscalls on my Motorola A780 (XScale CPU, Linux 2.4 kernel) are 20k cycles or more. The bottom line is that I think the author is missing the point. These are elegant assembly hacks, but aren't really where performance-conscious programmers need to be focusing their efforts. "Also on display is the end of arrogance. The Americans are now paying the price for their pride." Pure schadenfreude, most of it. Kind of sad, really, given that Der Spiegel has a reputation for serious content. Most of the criticism of US policy is valid, as far as it goes. And, yes, those policies have produced a ton of bad blood among trading partners. But this article just drips with glee at the plight of the poor, dumb 'mericans. That's just beneath them. Terrible journalism. It amuses me that you have internalized the meaning of a technique called (without irony) "unsharp mask" but can't spend 20 minutes reading a tutorial to figure out how to do it in a different tool. It's not for you. You have photoshop and like it, and apparently don't mind paying for it. Slamming competing software when it is blindingly obvious that you have no intention of using it is basically just knee-jerk jealousy. Indeed. In fact, putting the USB device on the premises itself is a problem, as someone could simply disassemble the wall to find it. If only someone had invented a way to securely transfer data from one computer to another without the need to transfer physical media. Now, that would be a game-changing invention, I tell you. Probably a startup or seven in that idea... "While the programmers are off building the next major feature, he is busy writing specs so that, when they finish, there won't be any idle time before they can start the next iteration." This is essence of the problem right there. If the developers aren't involved in the design of what they're building, you have a broken process. The idea that you can "skimp" on talent such that you're hiring people to implement things you wouldn't trust them to design is pretty flawed; it means that you're developers are going to be producing a lot of crap by failing to see or find implementation-time improvements to the stuff in the abstract specs. And the idea that you can get that design right the first time at all , without having written a line of code, is fundamentally flawed. The rest of the suggestions in the post seem to be attacking this solution sideways, by involving the developers earlier, iterating the specs, etc... But it doesn't seem to recognize the core problem. You can't "hand off" low-level specifications to someone other than the implementor. It doesn't work. A man in the middle attack won't defeat a signed "cart" object stored in the client's browser. The signature's private key is stored on the server and never appears on the network. This requires no per-session state on the server, just a single key pair. SSL, on the other hand does nothing to prevent a cross-site attack. Anything that can run code in the client browser can in principle cause it to send a fraudulent shopping cart "securely" to the server. Dude, right now is not the time to be speculating in the currency markets. Sit tight, get your assets into something stable. Spread your risk around. Above all get your spending and cash flow under control so you're prepared for events like a job loss. Do not look for the secret life raft investment that is going to save you, because you'll probably drown holding it. Yes, but those assets are held by banks, who would otherwise be lending that money back out into the economy. Even a modest drop in total loan values across a very broad market (in this case, the US real estate market) means that a huge amount of money just isn't there any more. So you can't borrow it to fund your startup, or business expansion, etc... Goodness, no. What kind of weird keyboard did that ? Everyone knows that the appropriate position for Ctrl is to the left of 'A', and that Alt/Meta belongs below '/' where you can find it with the pinkie of your right hand. This was the layout for the Sun Type 2 (?) keyboard, and the standard for emacs users from time immemorial. Krugman is much, much more than a liberal columnist. He got the column because, unlike most pundits, he has a long track record of interesting work in his field, and, unlike most eggheads, a knack for and interest in explaining those issues to the public. If you're reading him only via links from redstate.com or whatever, you're very much missing the point. And when did Yasir Arafat win the Nobel prize in Economics? You do realize that the selection committees are entirely different organizations, right? Must everything be a political swipe at conservatives? Isn't it possible that every once in a while one of those lib'ruls might actually produce something useful and be rewarded for it? FTA: "The speed of light is either constant or not, and only measurement can decide what it is," Ohanian writes. For Einstein to make a postulation rather than propose it as a hypothesis to be tested may seem like a fine distinction. [...] But to Ohanian, the act was as outrageous as when Indiana lawmakers tried to legislate the value for pi. And so he adds it to his roster of Einstein's mistakes. The reviewer missed something, here. Ohanian is an expert in the field, and clearly knows that the Michaelson-Morley experiment ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelson-Morley_experiment ) predates special relativity by almost two decades. I think he must be making a subtler point that the review author failed to grok. Except that the value of all those "expensive" developers in Silicon Valley is precisely that they are not on a beach somewhere, but right "here" where they can be hired immediately. That is worth something to the people doing the hiring, which is why they are willing to pay the added costs of locating a business there. If outsourced development was always a win, areas like the bay area would disintegrate on their own. This is why no one worries about top-shelf product development jobs being "outsourced" for the most part. If developer talent was fungible in this way, we'd have seen rampant "outsourcing" to St. Louis and Pittsburgh long before it became popular in Bangalore or Beijing. The jobs at risk of being moved offshore are those doing lower-level "IT" jobs. These are the people who were complaining a decade ago about being replaced by contractors -- it's the same principle. Again, you seem to be conflating the Nobel peace prize (awarded in Norway by one committee on the basis of inherently political criteria that you may or may not find "myopic") with the Nobel prize in Economics * , a prize given by a completely separate committee in Sweden on the basis of technical criteria that have been more or less uniformly judged uncontroversial, objective and non-political. While I'm sure there has been the occasional argument about who deserves it more, I'm not aware of anyone anywhere who's made the argument that the economics prize is a "little myopic", nor do I know who might be spreading that "word" either. Basically: you are making a baldly partisan, political argument where none is appropriate. If you admit to not knowing enough to decide for yourself, the proper judge is not "history", but the experts on the committee who do know this stuff quite well. * Strictly, not true. The economics prize wasn't endowed by Alfred Nobel, but added more recently using funds from the original trust. Or something to that effect. Actually, no, the elbow in the curve is a little before the bailout crisis. It corresponds roughly with the first debate and with Palin's more or less disastrous interviews with Gibson and Couric. What seems to have happened since is a feedback reaction. Indeed. Now add a bunch of chest-pounding chicks writing self-described "controversial rants" about the utter ridiculousness of having a group just for men to feel good about themselves. Hell, the tone of the parent article alone is enough to justify this group. Guys: we already dominate the industry, and will for the rest of our careers. There's no need to be jerks about it. If you don't see the need for a group to which you'll never belong, just keep quiet. That was my thought too: a cute hack in 2008 for a problem that was cleanly solved a quarter century earlier by software that remains popular to this day. I know it's easy to laugh at stuff like this, and I'm sure someone will use this and like it. But still, guys: software development is a mature field. The realm of useful tools for editing code is pretty tapped out. The good ideas lie elsewhere. And yet they remain problems that are unsolved. The phishing one in particular (send the user to a fake login page that just facades the real one and steals the password) is a showstopper all by itself. So while it's true that (short of doing stuff like RSA & PKI in Javascript) you can't fix these problems with browsers as they exist today, that doesn't mean that a solution that ignores the problems is a good idea. This is just a small-scale repetition of the utter freakout that happened when they went with Intel CPUs. It's the flipside of the religious mania that Apple produces in its customers. A distinguishing technical feature (PowerPC, FireWire) is taken in by the acolyte and interpreted not simply as a difference, but as a fundamental difference between the wonderful Apple stuff and the junk in the rest of the world. The fact that CPUs and high speed peripheral interconnect standards are more or less interchangeable in the modern world gets lost in the mix. Agreed. What happened here is that narag's employer wanted to fire him, or at least demote him. Irrespective of the moral issues, it's not at all unusual for an employer to choose their favorite customer-facing employees based on who their customers prefer. That's just good business. The review thing was just paperwork, basically. They needed to push some numbers around to get the result they wanted, so they did. Is that ethical? Probably not. But it's not insane either. So how does that trend explain C++, or Java, or C#, all of which are clearly evolving in the direction of increased complexity. Likewise Python today is a vastly more complicated environment than the language I learned 8 years ago. And Ruby is quirkier still, taking most of perl's weird syntax and adding an object model from smalltalk and a statement-based execution metaphor that comes straight out of BASIC -- certainly not a "simple" language. C is a simple language. Scheme is a simple language. Everything else is growing more complicated by the day. One might submit that if you were to learn a single editor and use it for all your tasks, you might not only be more productive at each of them but your answer to an editor for Javascript might be something other than "ggrrrrr". Where's the science here? The linked article talks about research, but doesn't actual describe any results . Instead we get stuff like: The research demonstrates that variations in ceiling height can evoke concepts that, in turn, affect how consumers process information. What on earth does that mean? How in the hell would you quantify the evocation of a concept? Look, either there is an experiment here or there isn't. This article uses the vocabulary of science to say, basically, that high ceilings are really pretty. Well, duh. Conversely, it's be my experience that the most of C++'s most ardent adherents haven't "seriously used" other environments. Specifically, they tend to have a very poor grasp of both dynamically typed languages and functional programming. While they might "know" tools like Python, they don't think in these languages well and tend to write very clumsy code. For myself, once I got to a point where I could "think well" using syntax at both a high level of abstraction and write solid C code at the system call level I found that the space of "appropriate" problems for C++ had shrunk to almost nothing. By itself, if it's the only language you're ever going to learn, C++ is not a bad choice. But in the modern world of polyglot development on CPUs too fast to measure, it's almost never the best one. I was just about to point out the same thing myself. This is just dumb -- you add keystrokes to save typing or to simplify a metaphor. This complicates the metaphor (decide between cut and copy), saves nothing (actually it's harder to type for those with ctrl bound properly -- K/Y can be done with two fingers of the same hand), and pollutes the space of key bindings to boot. That said, it's a nice tutorial on how to set a global binding. They just should have worked harder on picking a useful example. I guess. But in this particular case, the early development of git looks almost exactly like what's described. You can go back and read Linus's early descriptions and the traffic in the early days on the mailing list and see the design as it actually unfolded. Why use a parable when you can use history instead? Windows, and MS-DOS before it, were vastly more open to development than competing platforms. Microsoft and Borland's development tools weren't free, but they were cheap. MSDN subscriptions didn't start becoming a significant revenue source for Microsoft until well after its monopoly status was assured. Trying to intuit employee morale has always been an important part of "good management", and looking at paper trail records as part of that evidence makes sense to me. It's hard to imagine seeing a manager reviewing an employee's records and deciding to reassign them being "evil". Is your complaint here just that they're doing it with an automated system? Cute. There's actually a much more pedestrian point hidden in there, which is that cpp really is an extraordinarily expressive (if hideously clunky) environment, and you can do all sorts of good things with macros if you're willing to learn the tricks. It's really sad that a bunch of people who never did learn the tricks ended up declaring macros as "bad" by fiat, to the extent that newer languages have had to invent less expressive versions (C++) or omit the facility entirely (Java). These days, it's almost a lost art. Your CS degree required "math", but not much calculus or analysis. If your degree was in, say, mechanical engineering instead (or anything in the family of applied physics), you'd be much more comfortable with the differential equations. But then, you'd probably have a harder time with discrete stuff like statistics, and the number theory behind RSA would completely baffle you. Yes, basically. You just need more practice. Way oversold. The Arduino is a nifty AVR microcontroller board, no more and no less. It's distinguished from other such things that have appeared over the years (anyone remember the BASIC Stamp?) only by price (cheaper, but not much cheaper) and integration (it has a USB device plug and a reasonably attractive IDE). It's not breaking any ground that hasn't been a four-lane highway for the last two decades. But it's cute and cheap, and if you're interested in playing with embedded stuff or hardware control, I'm sure it's a lot of fun. But "the next Altair?". Please. Depends entirely on what you want to do in "meatspace", of course. There are lots of options for, say, robot control out there. Hacking one's Roomba seems popular. If you have a spare laptop or netbook, there are huge numbers of USB-based interface devices you can use to deal with the outside world without even leaving the comfort of your PC. And, when you're ready for "serious" work (something other than turning lights and motors on and reading sensors at 10 Hz), you'll probably want to be looking at FPGA development boards and learning Verilog or VHDL. Take a look at the products from http://knjn.com for example. Not true at all, in fact. Paypal has routinely refused, over several years of trying, to link to my bank account (a small "Internet Bank"). Credit card purchases are my only option, and they work instantly and without trouble. The occasional inbound money flow from an eBay sale or whatnot just becomes a credit on my next purchase. As a customer, at this point I shop only at merchants where I already have a account memorized (which in practice means "amazon.com") or via Paypal or Google checkout payments, which I can also authenticate from memory. Everything else is just too much of a hassle. I can see the seller-side complaints against Paypal as valid, I've just never experienced them myself. As a buyer, though, I completely sympathize with the linked blog. Paypal or something similar (Google checkout, Amazon affiliates) really should be more popular than it is. Reading only the headline: how many thought this was a joke? I mean, really, a huge AI/neuroscience crossover result coming out of ... a DoD project? Sadly, it's not a joke; just a really bad idea and a not-funny-enough blog post making fun of it. Well, it's not that bad. Intel, it's true, is way ahead on process technology right now (disclosure: my wife is a process engineer there, and I'm unashamedly biased). But let's be honest: AMD, IBM, TSMC et. al. are behind Intel, but they're maybe 1-2 years behind. An Intel catastrophe might be a disaster of lost science, but I think society as a whole could survive if it had to subsist on Phenoms and ARM11s. To some extent, hacks like CPU design have already moved into software, or at least HDL code (depends on your definition of "software", of course). Check out the selection of FPGA-usable projects on opencores.org for examples. That said, I suspect there will always be a desire to make physical machines with our hands. Even decades after such a thing stopped being a practical tool, this still looks fun. Unless things have improved since I tried it a while back, this isn't comparable. The Android thing was a straight port of the 2.5D sprites-on-raycasting engine. And it works well enough, but the G1 trackball isn't nearly sensitive enough to actually be fun. Carmack's port is using the 3D hardware to do filtering, and he at least claims to be worrying about gameplay and frame rate consistency, something that's a real problem in the Android application. But in modern AJAX-y Web 2.0 usage, "markup" doesn't even exist as a distinct storage format any more. To the extent that it does, it's stored in wiki or bbcode or some other cooked "markdown" format. HTML exists in the modern world solely as the presentation layer for a data format defined elsewhere. So what's wrong with putting layout in the presentation layer where it belongs? As it happens, our HTML presentation layer also contains this nice, intuitive mechanism for doing layout using "tables" that works better than pretty much anything else has (anyone remember the XmForm layout widget from motif?). So explain again why we can't use them? Sometimes I get the feeling that the CSS layout nuts still think we're living in 1997 and that all web content is written by hand. That's just not how it is any more. Right. And clearly the best way to avoid reminding people of the totalitarian state they live in is to step in and shut off their internets. The logic is just awful; but nonetheless you're absolutely right about the reasons. I don't want to spoil your rant by throwing numbers on it, but unfortunately that doesn't add up. Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis is (I think) the newest stadium in the NFL. Wikipedia tells me that the cost to taxpayers was $620 million. Let's say that the average stadium lasts 20 years, and note that there are 4 major sports leagues in the US with about 30 teams each, so that an average of 6 such arenas that must be built every year, at a total taxpayer cost of $3.7 billion each year. NASA's budget for 2009 is $17.6 billion. And obviously that's just a fraction of total federal science spending, much of which lives under DoD, DoE, NIH, etc... A better way to explain it would be to point out that the remote telemetry and the black boxes are already examples of redundant design. The black box has fewer failure modes recording data, but requires recovery. The telemetry is more easily disrupted, but can get data out even in the face of a total loss of the aircraft. Redundancy doesn't always mean the same thing as simple duplication. This is mostly settled law in the US. "Look and Feel" of an interface is not itself subject to copyright. Apple v. Microsoft and Lotus v. Borland were both decided back in the 80's, with the now-standard interpretation that only the implementation of a software work is copyrightable, not its interface. So unless Bing is copying javascript, logos, or graphics from Kayak, I can't see what the issue here would be. Mere page layout and behavior should be a problem. I'm as much a fan of free, hackable APIs as anyone. But... how is this not a really clear anti-trust violation? It's one thing for MS to release a product that competes directly against Google's free offerings. Quite another to use its revenue from other sources to undercut Google's pay services. MS isn't competing on price here at all. Maybe, I suppose, the argument would be that a target Google's size is so large that MS has no effective monopoly power to leverage. Google could just as easily (and, in many areas, is) fund free alternatives to MS software too. But still, this seems like a borderline-scary regression to some pretty ugly MS behavior. The distinction there is an issue of risk analysis. Airlines pay big bucks because every minor goof is a potential disaster. There are huge stakes, both personal and financial resting on every decision in the cockpit. As a result, a "culture of safety" exists in pretty much all of aviation. This is a good thing. A community of pilots trained to cross all their t's and dot all their i's as a matter of instinct is better for everyone. But that doesn't mean that taking off solo in a plane you know only from manuals is always going to result in an accident, either. Even DUI drivers "usually" get where they're going without incident. Reading the article (yeah, with a little salt applied), this is a guy who faces down armed resistance. So the appropriate question of risk isn't "is an accident possible?", it's "Is an accident more likely than the other risks assumed?". There, I think he's on much firmer ground. I would reply with something interesting, but clearly I've angered the downvote police, so I officially declare myself intimidated into submission. To be fair: this wasn't a purely innocent web startup. Whether intended or not, it was a money laundering operation for real criminals. That's just not something that the economy or our governments should be expected to allow out of a sense of "justice" or "freedom". For known operations, like banks, we have regulations limiting their behavior to curb exactly this kind of problem. Regulation couldn't act here because of the newness and complexity, so law enforcement had to. And law enforcement is ugly, and sometimes confused. And sometimes innocent* people get caught up, and we need to sort things out. When that happens, we have things like grand jury indictments and jury trials that are intended to help out. And that process worked. He ultimately pled guilty and received what seems to me like a comparatively minor sentence (no jail time, 6 months house arrest, 36 month supervision). Could thing have been handled better? No doubt. But, really: does anyone think that allowing E-Gold to continue to operate as-is was a better option? * Innocent-ish, I guess. I have a hard time believing that this guy was a naive as the story paints him. I mean, how can you not suspect criminal activity in an operation like this? He mounted the lens so that its focal plane was on the scanner element, and sealed the thing to keep light out. That's pretty much it. It's a clever hack, notwithstanding the 4-5 second "exposure" time. This kind of setup would actually be useful in practice for things like rare book scanning, where you can't flatten the pages for fear of damaging the object. RC4 is also just plain beautiful; it's a permutation of all unique bytes with just two pointers into the array. It's implementable in what, 4 lines of code? Trivium is comparably simple, I guess, but the LFSR-like structure makes for significantly longer (and uglier, IMHO) code. Trivium is also brand new and has had vastly less attention paid to it. RC4 isn't "unbroken" exactly, but even after all these years RC4-based protocols are working securely in the real world right now, and that has to count for something. I'm not arguing for using RC4 either. The sentiment is more: "Don't diss RC4, it's still a really great piece of work." RSA is elegant and secure. MD5 is ugly and broken. RC4 is really elegant and not-quite-unbroken. I've extended the data set now to three points, and the graph looks like a pretty good correlation between elegance and security, actually. Your text implies the opposite, and I think that's wrong. Crypto stuff is just hard. But I think that elegance is as good a guide to correctness there as it is anywhere else. Elegance never gets you correctness automatically anywhere. But it's not a bad place to start your analysis. Sure. But to be honest, that point is kinda trivial, no? If you give any competent developer a hard problem in an area where they are not a domain expert and ask them to deliver a correct solution based on nothing but an elegant description of an algorithm, they're likely to fail. My point was this: it's easy from your perspective to complain about subtle practical details with stuff like RC4. But that obscures the fact that RC4 is an important algorithm, and worth studying. It's prudent to put on your expert hat and warn amateurs away from crypto stuff, but if they're going to study it, they should know about RC4. Exactly. Not sure how this bit of "gotcha" suddenly popped up in so many places, but it's missing the point. If you read the article, Krugman isn't saying that a housing bubble is a good idea at all. What he's saying, in essence, is that the only way to avoid a recession (again, this was in 2002) was for Greenspan and the Fed to kick off a housing bubble to sustain consumer spending. And, by implication, that that was unlikely to work. As it happened, he was wrong about that. We did experience a housing bubble (although one driven more by irresponsible bank behavior than by interest rates), and it did keep consumer spending high for the next 4-5 years. And, now that it's popped, we're experiencing the recession that Krugman predicted. He was just off by a few years, and missed one proximate cause. It's all just FUD, sadly. They need the MS cooperation to get the sale, and MS wants something back. So the business guys cooperate on a technical-sounding press release. Boring. I counted only two technical points in the article. The first is that Android's icons are too big (?!). The second is that "all video and graphics rendering in Android is done today by the operating system's Java code", which just plain incorrect. Edit: I should probably elaborate. Android on the G1, at least, does video decoding using the Qualcomm DSP cores on the chip. 3D work has access to an ATI-based OpenGL ES 1.1 part, with relatively good texturing performance. The media frameworks are in C++, and available to native code. Only the UI library and top-level application framework is Java/Dalvik. The port of their windows Geforce driver to linux was reported to have taken a few months. As I understand it, they're still maintained from the same tree and share essentially all code but the minimum necessary glue (much to the annoyance of the linux kernel folks, it should be added). Tegra is, no doubt, based on the same hardware components they're shipping in their other products; and its driver is surely similarly portable. This isn't a technical point, it's just FUD. My wife and I looked at 529's for our 9 month old, and most decided against them. Partly because over the 18-22 year time frame (assuming relatively conservative investment choices) the tax benefits really aren't that large. And some of it is a risk thing: there's a very large cost spread (both tuition and financial aid availability) between different schools. Putting enough in to be worthwhile at an out of state private institution runs the risk of putting in too much to be useful for an in-state public school, etc... Basically, it just seemed simpler and more flexible to firewall off the savings now in a regular account (which, to be fair, we haven't actually done yet) than to deal with the 529 stuff. I'm not sure I understand the analysis. Surely this vulnerability (is there an exploit?) is a problem with the security model , not the fact that JSON data is exectuable javascript code. As I understand it, this exploits the fact that some browsers (which?) allow one site to overload a handler that then sees data from other sites. How is that not a huge XSS hole right there? Why drag JSON into this? If you read the article instead of sneering at it, you might find it less noisy. It's an idiom. All idioms involve some learning, and generally some odd, seemingly-misapplied abstractions. But they generally have value, too, which is why they persist. In this case, the bit tricks work to map a very common metaphor in the design domain (a set of boolean flags) to a very common low-level implementation choice (the machine word). Does your application benefit from that kind of mapping? Probably not, if it's a web 2.0 thing. But don't pretend that this sort of thing is never useful either. Somewhere down in the layers you don't understand, there is real machine code running your computer. And that code, like yours, needs compact and simple storage of booleans. Always useful reading for anyone who thinks C++ is great and can't understand all the curmudgeons who think otherwise: http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/defective.html The rest of the FQA site is good too, but the summary is the best enumeration of all the brain damage. user 70611,3101 password "sleeve!coast" Last login: circa 1988 I'm stunned that that's still in my brain. I never would have remembered it my brain not been able to pattern match against the ID number in the article. Details on the wireless thing? I assure you, do you not "need" an X client running on the box to make any piece of hardware work. The fact that someone wrote a GUI helper for the task (what task, btw?) hardly sounds like a dis advantage to me. People here can help you, if you let them. Posting incomplete problem reports like this as evidence for a platform troll is kinda bad form. But it's the concrete knowledge that your prototype just needs polish that makes the "weekend hack" valuable. Given the choice between two developers with proposals, one of whom spent last weekend banging out a prototype but with no plan, and the other with an elaborate plan and documentation but no code, which would you pick? That's why the "weekend" meme persists. It's not about being "done" (software is never "done" anyway), it's about getting it to a point where "done" has meaning. The little stuff can always be done. But my fear is that the people who insist on mocking the weekend hackers are the people who refuse to start on the big thing for fear that they'll take too long. Beware: talks about the benefits of using utility code to solve subproblems without even a nod to the complexity introduced by adding dependencies to a project and the costs thereof. This always tells me I'm reading someone who views software development as writing code only, and doesn't spend much time maintaining old stuff. All the "hacker" verbiage notwithstanding, I think the author is missing some important points about what makes a good hack. That said, I don't know a thing about any of these tools. They might be fantastically worth it for all I know. But talk about the tools, not about how they make you a great hacker. It's good history (the picture of the Symbolics keyboard is worth it all by itself), but very poor analysis, I think. The stuff about the cursor motion keys is just plain wrong. For a keyboard that has ctrl mapped to the left of A (i.e. "swap with caps lock"), C-{F,B,N,P} is much easier to type than moving one's hand off the home row and over to the arrow keys. I honestly don't know what the author was thinking here, and I strongly suspect that he doesn't actually use Emacs for much in practice. Some of the criticism is valid, like the lack of C-Shift-[a-z] bindings, and the continued use of weird archaic stuff on easy-to-type bindings. Which is fine. Certainly every serious user is going to have their own tastes and preferred bindings {+}. But trying to generalize from a few nits to say that "Emacs Keyboard Shortcuts are Painful" is very much making a mountain out of a molehill. {+} For myself, I like M-i for overwrite-mode, so I don't have to get to the Insert key, and M-g for goto-line, which is an xemacs binding I got used to years ago). Some of the suggested bindings make sense to me. I especially like the inverted-T cursor motion keys on I/J/K/L. And as much as I might hate to admit it, the CUA-like cut/copy/paste bindings probably make more sense than the default for anyone but a hardened emacs veteran. Other stuff seems borderline insane. Like this design principle: cursor moving commands are placed all for the right hand, while text changing commands are all placed for the left hand. (similar to Dvorak having all vowels in one side) Dvorak does that because vowels are usually typed alone in a word, so the natural typing pattern is an alternation between hands, minimizing the chance that a single finger might have to type two keys in succession, or a hand might be left in a poor position for the new key. That's completely wrong for this situation! A motion key is likely to be followed by more motion, while if you're modifying text, you're likely to continue modifying text. Or this one: Alt is considered better than Ctrl. (Alt is a natural thumb curl, Ctrl is stretched pinky. This might be true on some keyboards. It certainly isn't on typical laptops, where Alt almost never lives in a consistent position across hardware. Relying on keys without fixed positions is just bizarre, and in direct contradiction to "ergonomics" to my mind. What's worse, this completely ignores the pervasive practice among emacs users of mapping Ctrl to CapsLock, a key which is extremely easy to type and in the same location on all keyboards. On the whole, I just can't see these bindings actually helping me that much, sorry. It's a good try, and I'm sure the author gets good use out of them. But to my fingers, they introduce as many problems as they solve. This isn't a new result. It's just a poorly-explained pop-science review article on MOND: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOND It's one of those things that looks just awful aesthetically, but explains a few things (galactic-scale mechanics in this case) for which we don't currently have good answers. Wikipedia is a better source. This article is mostly fluff. Being completely serious here: who cares? The Accept: header has never been useful. It's an overdesigned disaster of complexity, trying to handle in the client something that is trivially doable at the server level. Ignoring for the moment that there are "good" and "bad" ways to specify it. Has there ever been worthwhile application for this thing? In what way would a browser that simply left it off have trouble? I understand what it's for; I'm dubious that it's actually used. By your own example, twitter doesn't actually do this. Does anyone, to your knowledge? This header has been there for 12+ years. If no one's used it so far, tell me again why I should care that some browser sets a bad value? That's actually exactly the wrong thing to do. If you're serving content based on the browser, you want to be inspecting User-Agent, not Accept. And yes, people do that all the time. But they never do it based on what the browser claims to support; they do it based on what the client actually claims to be, based on what they have tested against real software. I love it when journalists are forced to cover low level technical details in order to explain something important: Aleynikov claims to have created a tarball - a Unix aggregate of a number of files (like a .zip file) [...]. He says he encrypted the files, then erased the encryption software, the tarball and the bash history — which is basically a back up of the Unix commands used to amalgamate and transfer the files. Goldman’s security server, however, apparently prevents or at least alerts the company to bash deletions You can just picture the author carefully writing down someone's explanation of what the .bash_history file is, and their source's frustration with their inability to grok a totally obvious idea. "... so it's like a backup, right?". "No! Well, sorta. But that's not what it's for." On the other hand, the monitoring for deletions of .bash_history seems like a niftily paranoid idea/. I know I'd never expect the IT department of a financial services company to have thought that far ahead, or even to know how command histories persist across shells. As other posters have mentioned, this is advertising more than it sells. It's merely encoding a torrent in a PNG in an obvious way. The idea that it "can't be searched for" is true only on the assumption that search engines will index on content of a page. Obviously a popular hid.im format will attract search engine specialization. This is not steganography, it's merely an obscure variant of the .torrent file format. They do: http://images.google.com/images?hl=en&q=nehalem+die Nehalem is about 70% cache. Most of it is the shared L3 between cores. There are physical limits to how large a cache can be and still run synchronously. The L1 is still tiny (64k, split between instructions data), and it's really not feasible to make it larger without affecting clock speed. But if you drop just a little bit and pay a latency cost, you can stick a 256k unified cache on each core. Then they all talk to the 3M shared "uncore" cache. But to first approximation, a modern "CPU" is entirely SRAM. Isn't this the flip side of the same proactivity? PayPal is paranoid that someone is going to try to regulate them as a bank. As a result, they'll shut down anything that doesn't look 100% legitimate. I hate to be the devil's advocate here, because it looks like HFC was truly wronged. But still: an off-shore not-quite-yet-a-charity with no paper trail, no office, and no contact info beyond a web site is hardly a paragon of transparent legitimacy. Put "hacker" in the title and things get worse for the poor PayPal pencil pusher to figure out. I'm not surprised at all that someone got cold feet and pulled the plug. That doesn't mean PayPal is "right" to do this. But their motivations are pretty clear to me. One lesson here is that organization is your friend. A few weeks spent filling out 501c3 forms and establishing banking records (maybe finding a pro bono accountant, too) would have obviously been a good idea in hindsight. Charging off to Africa shouting "Give me money!", not so much. Indeed. And these web geeks don't know how to do a proper license flame anyway. For real fireworks, go mention Linux on an OpenBSD list. To be fair: that's a little spun. He certainly didn't refuse to share it. To extend the metaphor past the breaking point: he offered it only to those willing to bake pies for others. But the partygoers just wanted dessert, they didn't want to be stuck baking for others. If you like pies and think people should bake them for each other, that's hardly a crisis. But you're absolutely right that this is about social issues, and not pies or licenses at all. What people are really angry about isn't the pie they have to bake, it's that Zed showed up with a blueberry pie, when everyone had agreed that they would eat only apple pies. And even though that blueberry pie looks good, it marks Zed as one of the enemy. So he must be shunned. Prototypes are a huge win not just for language expressiveness, but for interpreter implementation too. My language, Nasal ( http://plausible.org/nasal ) uses the same tricks to implement "objects", "classes" and "modules" in script code using precisely the same internal mechanics. While I'm sure you understand the distinction, I think a lot of people miss this: When BCPL or B are said to be "untyped", it's not in the same sense as Lisp is dynamically typed. These are languages for word-oriented computers, without byte-addressable memory. Everything the CPU can do is on a single word of the same size, and memory is just an array of them. So it's untyped in the sense that in C you can do math on both integers and pointers, and convert between them. What C added was originally byte orientation, "typing" was just the glue required to make that work (so that e.g. an int was 2 chars on a PDP-11). Only later on were first class arrays and structures added to the "type system", and likewise the space of "pointers to types". Seems to me that it's mistitled. It's only an expensive bug if they lost the contract, and the article doesn't say that. No doubt the parties involved fixed whatever layout glitch or misconception led to the platform test and moved on. Contracts that big are expensive for both sides to cancel. The important details are on the second page, and the explanation isn't very clear. But at it's core this is a liquidity crisis. Harvard hasn't lost all that much (maybe 25% if the $8B number holds up). But as a result of the recent aggressive investments, huge chunks of its endowment is in illiquid assets that can't themselves be used to fund the university. Combine that with some very liberal spending projects in recent years, and suddenly this very wealthy university can't actually pay its bills. I kept reading wanting this to be interesting, but it's the same tired Unix incompatibility rant we've all been reading for 20 years now. First it was Sun needlessly extending Unix to the point where good software assumed 68k and wouldn't run on a VAX. Then it was AT&T needlessly reimplementing stuff like STREAMS instead of just using BSD sockets like everyone else did. Then it was Sun unbundling the compiler and forcing everyone to use proprietary/incompatible development environments. The list goes on and on. Eventually everyone decided to sit down and write POSIX and X/Open and SUS, which was good. But development didn't stop when the standards were finished, and people again wanted to use tools and features on their platforms that weren't "standard" (GNU Make being a really good example from the article here -- no one who knows what they're talking about would serious consider using anything else. Even Sun ships it, for crying out loud). And history moved on, and platforms that didn't evolve in the direction the market wanted started to have trouble. OSF/1 (Digital Unix) and IRIX are dead now. HP/UX is on life support. AIX lives on as IBM's internal toy for tuning benchmarks on their big POWER6 boxes, but doesn't actually sell much. So anyway, now the crisis du jour is Linux folks assuming they're building on Linux using the GNU tools instead of Solaris. Cry me a river. Sun is (well, was) as bad an offender in this space as anyone else. To the extent they supported anything "standard", it was because they wrote the standards around their own products post-hoc. But now they're a legacy platform, and their fans need to get used to living like the rest of us did for decades. Well, yeah. It's not like Sun ever released a completely incompatible OS "upgrade" based on an entirely different codebase and standard set, right? :) My point wasn't to defend linux, it was that this whole genre of platform flame is boring and useless. This stuff happens. It even happens for some really good reasons, like "improvements" and "features". It's been happening since the dawn of computing (at least), and it's even been happening in precicely this form since the Unix wars began in the mid 80's. Just deal with it. Or don't. But stop complaining, because you won't fix anything. Can you elaborate on the other complaints? There are precious few first-tier C compilers in the world. In my experience gcc has the best track record of quality, frankly. In 15 years of more or less full time professional use, I've been bitten by precisely one compiler bug. That's precicely the logic that was applied in the old mac vs. PC arguments. The PS/2's were clunkers, clones were shoddy OEM boxes. Macs, in the early 90's, were sleek, integrated machines with an out-of-box experience inarguably superior to anything on the market. And macs were crushed in the early 90's. Apple was lucky to have survived. The truth is that not all users share your aesthetic sense. Lots of folks are swayed by features that an iPhone user might think are meaningless checklist items (like a physical keyboard!). There will always be a market for the iPhone, I'm sure. But its aesthetics alone will not preserve its dominance. It has to actually work better. This doesn't help. Is Android as slick as the iPhone? No, not yet. Nor are the market apps as numerous or featureful as those in the app store. But it's close , and over time it's getting closer. Apple needs to compete on features, not lock-in. It's actually not a vulnerability in isolation. The use of SELinux simply changes the address space policy from one in which the kernel enforces the zero page area to one in which the process can map stuff there (by default, unless the security module turns it off). By itself, that does nothing. There were other holes that had to be there too: the handler code was incorrectly dereferencing a pointer before the check for null (that's a real bug), and the compiler was optimizing out the null pointer test in the same function (a really, really subtle interaction that no one expected) that would have detected the attack and returned an error instead. It's a perfect storm of coincidence, basically. There's nothing the NSA could have done to predict this, and the SELinux part is only a small piece. And in any case, the security policy bug isn't even in the NSA's SELinux code at all, it's in the way the kernel sets defaults for its security policies for any security module. In principle, app-armor would be vulnerable to the same issue (not sure if it is or not to this one specifically). It's a subscriber-only article at lwn.net, which means it isn't available to the public for a week. I saw it last week too, but HN can only link to it today. FWIW: lwn.net is a great site, and very much worth the subscription cost. Better kernel articles than anywehre else, and a higher signal-to-noise ratio in the comments than anywhere else on the internet I'm aware of. Lots of famous geeks post there regularly. You also have to copy through the browser's clipboard interface, not the X11 selection. Presumably Javascript is capable of hooking the former, but not the latter. Indeed. And from outside Red Hat, it's hard to see how you guys would even see this as a problem. RHEL is a for-pay product, it's not a free-as-in-beer distribution. So given that there's a market for free distros, clearly RH would prefer people use and target CentOS than Ubuntu or debian. Exactly. Salting is a constant factor de-optimization of the password cracking process. If your users are choosing good passwords (i.e. precomputed table based attacks don't work) then you don't need it. If they aren't (and they aren't!) then salting at least gives you some hope that such an attack will be infeasible for a given attacker's hardware. In practice, the constant factor can be very large, so this isn't a meaningless trick. That's not strictly true. Take a look at http://plausible.org/nasal for an example of an interpreter (mine) in the same broad space as Python and Ruby, yet without a global lock for anything but garbage collection (fixable -- there's no reason in principle preventing a concurrent GC from being dropped in). In tests of CPU-bound code without excessive allocation, it scales to 4-way SMP without trouble. I don't believe those temperature measurements for a second. Having a better-than-metal thermal conductivity is all well and good through the 0.1mm or so of grease, but the surfaces on either side of that are themselves metal , and much, much thicker than the grease layer. This is a misoptimization. It's the equivalent of tuning code that your application spends 1% of its time in. Who cares? The purpose of thermal grease is to displace air , not to be better than the metal heat transfer parts. It's a reasonably informative article. But... Does a 25 second process on a 32 node cluster really count as a "supercomputer" task? By definition, you can run that on your desktop in 15 minutes. If that's really your task, and these are your numbers, and latency-to-answer is your only metric (as opposed to other stuff, like "cost" that people in the real world worry about) then sure: EC2 makes sense. But these look like some terribly cooked numbers to me. I mean, how much time are you really going to spend optimizing something you can run while you trot to Starbucks for coffee? I'd be curious what the answers (including cost) are when you scale the problem to days of runtime on hundreds of nodes. I rather suspect the answers would be strongly tilted in favor of the institutional supercomputer facilities, who after all have made a "business" out of optimizing this process. EC2 has other goals. At the risk of starting a language riot: both of these techniques seem awfully clunky. Python's dictionary comprehension syntax solves the same problem in a single expression. Whether it's a problem worth solving in syntax is left as an exercise for the reader. I mean seriously: create and fill a hash. Is that really something we want to be worried about? The example given -- evaluating a new hash mapping the keys x, y, and z to random numbers in the range [0:100) -- is expressible in python3 as: {(x, random.randrange(100)) for x in ["x", "y", "z"]} My point wasn't that "tap" is identical in functionality, it was actually the opposite: for the use cases here, both "tap" and "returning" are inferior to the python syntax. That said, I continue to assert that this is a dumb example and you should just initialize the empty hash like your parents did. And the predicted language riot has begun. Edit: I should probably add some content before I get (rightfully) downvoted into oblivion: The latter example is a pure noop. Instead of computing some values using local variables and returning a hash composed of them as the last expression in the block, it does a dance with tap (extra syntax!) and scopes all the variables to the tapped object (extra syntax) instead of the default lexical scope. All I can see is that tap adds complexity. At least the first example simplified things (albeit not as well as alternative syntaxes from other languages). Yes, but it's a benchmark of the hardware environment. This is more than anything else a test of resource allocation latency. The poster posits that EC2 can get the boxes working faster and get you your answers sooner. But the result here is that the benchmark will complete with "high probability" within about 6.5 minutes on EC2 for a task that only takes 15 minutes to run on your desktop CPU . That model is wildly overestimating the impact of latency on the computation cost. It's kinda fluffy. Most of the advice is good, but basic. One peeve I have is that it's pushing a firewall solution on the local box. In general, that's best done off-host. Even better are MAC security solutions like AppArmor, which is really easy to set up (frankly much more so than a non-trivial set of firewall rules) and much more capable in general. Typical applications need access to only a handful of paths and capabilities that are well-defined in the documentation. Who modded that down? He really should be using awk instead of cut. It has better readability: "{print $2}" to print the second field vs. a set of magic numbers denoting a character field. It's vastly easier to write (again, the "second field" is intuitive). It's also more generally useful, meaning that it's a better tool to know; cut is very primitive. That said, there are better ways still to solve this problem. Some of them were detailed above. One that wasn't was the fact that GNU ps has lots of filtering options itself, in this case: ps -eo pid -U 1002 Does the work of the grep and cut from the original for you. The face that no such libraries exist might be interpreted as a Big Fat Steaming Clue (trademark used without license). Language geeks need to start thinking seriously about practical infrastructure issues before any of this happens. The existing infrastructure people aren't going to start using Haskell simply because you tell them too. The headline is missing 22%! (For those curious but not curious enough to read the article, it's a 30% improvement in the V8 and Sunspider javascript benchmark scores.) Also: windows only, no OS X or Linux binary for this beta. Sigh. I want to think they're serious about being cross platform, but stuff like this tells me that "everyone" in the developer group is on windows and the other platforms are still just sometimes-updated ports. Right, that's why I put "everyone" in quotes. Obviously there are people on the team tasked with maintaining the secondary platforms, and they're no doubt working hard. But the point was more architectural: clearly Chrome is a windows program. With a little porting work, you can make it run elsewhere. So that's the development model they've picked. Do the work on windows, then hand it off. There's no simultaneous work going on, and features travel in only one direction. If a windows developer commits something that breaks Linux or OS X, it's "someone else's" problem to fix during porting. Contrast this to Firefox, for example, where (the occasional glitch notwithstanding) the assumption is that every build works on every platform. People on Linux care about regressions on windows, etc... The model is that the software is portable first, and not "a port". Worse: 24 hours too late. The meeting was yesterday. Sad now that I didn't know about it. I might have gone. I think you're missing an important point. In order to make that $100k by working, you have to, y'know, work . While the $2M doesn't buy you any more "stuff" than your job, it gives you the freedom to do what you want. I'd consider that a cruicialy important "quality of life" metric, no? FTA: The WSGI spec impresses upon its readers (or upon this reader, at least) the overwhelming desire for everybody to just quiet down and use ISO-8859-1 instead of whatever character set is actually convenient. Is this really true? What a disaster. If you're going to pick/encourage a single encoding, how can that choice not be UTF-8? OK, this is dumb. If you want to sell, why announce to the world (!) that you're failing ? Either your product is dead or it's not. This sounds like a refusal out of spite, not logic. The bit.ly offer was clean, and clearly in the public interest. Spitting on it now only makes the tr.im folks look small and petty. I continue to find it amazing that people don't routinely fuzz their protocol handlers. It's a test that you can literally write in 10 minutes. OK, I'll byte: what python platforms lack bytestrings? Is there an PDP-10 port I missed somewhere? :) Likewise the fact that the iPhone beats Symbian by only a little bit is a reflection of the browser quality and the general makeup of the user base. Symbian/Nokia is still vastly ahead of Apple in market share. I think that's stretching the point. The Apple II was certainly not closed. Literally the whole design of the thing was cleanly documented, right down the IC selection and the (hand assembled!) firmware. The original Mac was likewise an open book (albeit one without an expansion bus). Take a look at the first edition of Inside Macintosh. Even modern macs aren't "closed" in any meaningful sense. You can develop and deploy software for them using most or all of the tools Apple has internally. And in any case, it's not the "closedness" that people are complaining about with regard to the iPhone; that's just the practical tool Apple is using. The complaint is about Apple's attempts to use dominance in one sector (smartphones in this case, though I think a similar argument can be made about media players and iTunes) as leverage against competitors or to favor its own products, or those of its allies. And it is that behavior that seems very Microsoft-like to those of us who remember the 90's. Not so much a critique of sixcentral.com itself, but it does seem like a case of developers writing developer tools. Is the freelance web design market large enough to support a site like this? It's a good explanation. I guess my question is deeper: what's the semantic case for having these things in the language? So far as I can see, these are purely optimization vs. a standard continuation. They allow the interpreter to "skip" the stuff on the stack above the reset, and thus free it earlier than it otherwise might. Otherwise the closure of the continuation code would need to save the reference to the whole stack, and everything it references. So... why make the programmer do this? Can't you figure out for yourself the scope of the "highest free variable" in the referenced code? Why a bigger iPhone and not a smaller macbook? Unless your job is almost 100% read-bound (or sketching, I guess) I can't see this being a good replacement for "doing work"... Isn't this like the last bug? Limited to being an exploit on systems where the default security policy is (was) to allow writable mappings at page zero? If so, shouldn't the SELinux treatment for those be effective here too? This seems like a clumsy way to make a simpler and more generic point: any key/value data structure (at least one that relies on inspecting the key in its entirety) will scale as O(NlogN) at very large sizes. The reason is that the size of a key needed to identify a unique entry in a table of size M is at least log2(M) bits long. So the primitive operations on the keys is bounded by log2(M) and is not constant. This is the same reason that "radix sort" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radix_sort ) isn't a linear operation even though it doesn't seem to have a log(N) dependence on the input set. The number of radix buckets scales as log(N). That said, of course, this doesn't mean much in practice, where primitive operations on keys live in L1 cache and the pointer indirections require DRAM cycles. I'm with you until the third sentence, then you completely lose me. The linked article doesn't talk about any of that stuff. It's about eating cheaply. Why inject a political rant where none is called for? Terrible cookbook article with no depth of content. I was just about to write a rant about how insane it is that windows people try so hard to run things that look "native" (with GUIs and buttons and stuff) instead of simply running the original software in its natural environment (openssh under cygwin, in this case). For security-sensitive software especially, that's a huge problem. But then I clicked through the link to the "copssh" page: http://www.itefix.no/i2/node/27 And that's exactly what it is: a custom installer around a minimal cygwin/openssh distro. So, bravo, I guess. But that's the link you should be reading, not the one from the original author who doesn't seem to understand what the software is actually doing, and would prefer to write tutorials with pretty screenshots instead. Yeah. I should apologize for the tone, I guess. But the criticism was basically one of misplaced audience. As a guide for a typical windows-only IT wonk to install an sshd, it's really not bad. But I like to believe (or at least pretend) that a typical HN reader is a little above that level. To folks here, the critical information is that (1) openssh works under cygwin and (2) there's a simple installable distro for it. That information is conveyed just fine by the link to the upstream package, without the need for a tutorial. Add that to the fact setting up a remote access (!) mechanism on a host is an inherently security-critical operation that requires a clear low-level understanding of the software (i.e. more than can be taught with screenshots), and I guess I got a little cranky. That requirement is implied by the "ecosystem" bit. And it's important to note that the need to work together is not a requirement for careful interoperability design. It just means you need to do simple stuff that's easy to understand. Why is this at -2? It's a perfectly factual, if unprofound, remark on the linked article. I thought the same thing when I read it. Why identify Linux as a "desktop" thing? It's a unix clone, and remains so whether it runs on TVs or phones or telco racks. My guess is that it's less a "ban" on Skype than a bribe. A quick search in the market found this client: http://sipdroid.org -- a SIP client for voice calls that claims to work over 3G and EDGE. So they're not enforcing a blanket ban on VoIP software on Android. Instead, my guess is that Skype was enticed into offering only the "lite" version of the client (which according to the article works only over the existing cell call infrastructure, so you get free long distance but still pay for call minutes) by T-Mobile via being offered a cut of the profits. Yeah, that sounds about right. It's a thread API that relies on applications providing "blocks" of work to the OS, and transferring their arguments and results around in message queues. So if you have five applications running, each of which has 8 threads to handle the needed parallelism on a Nehalem box, you don't need 40 separate threads and their stacks. The OS just spawns 8 threads. That sounds OK, if kinda unexciting. I'd like to see some benchmarks vs. traditional threading before I commit to liking it. History is littered with cute new IPC mechanisms that didn't turn out to have the benefits promised. This sounds a lot like a combination of sysv message queues and solaris doors, neither of which managed to drive much real innovation. Who do the lawyers bill though, SCO? SCO is bankrupt, and clearly Novell is a much higher priority creditor than they would be. So they only get paid if they win. If they can't win, they're just throwing money down the toilet. No matter how unethical SCO's trustees might be, they're not morons. Likewise, the incentive for other stakeholders to sue the trustees for not pursuing income needs to be balanced against the fact that they're suing an entity that's, y'know, bankrupt and unable to pay any judgement. Oh, stop it. They say that Microsoft "forces updates on it's users" and list some examples. They aren't complaining about windows updates. And how is an OS with security vulnerabilities not a problem? Windows does have a history of poor security. Using a linux distribution is undeniably less of a security risk than running windows. Why wouldn't this be a disadvantage of windows? And I'm not understanding the mindshare argument. Your point is that locking standards work out is only a problem if you're not (!) successful at it? It's important to remember that diesel's carbon content (generally what people actually care about these days when they talk about fuel efficiency) is about 15% higher than gasoline's. So the CO2 emissions of your Jetta are more comparable to a 35-39mpg gasoline car. That's still good, but not that much better than a typical compact (say a Civic or Corolla). My '99 Saturn gets about 32-35 under similar highway conditions. Basically: there's nothing wrong with your car, and it's a fine choice (as long as you keep it tuned! Diesel's particulate emissions can go south really fast if they're not maintained well). But don't be fooled by volume metrics. It's still no Prius. I think that's not the right criteria though. Are most of the people you know capable maintaining other people's C++ code? The idea that you can write (!) sane code in C++ by using a simple/sane subset is of course true. But the problem is that in a language of this complexity no two people are going to be able to agree on what that sane subset is. One person may love auto_ptr and use it everywhere, confusing her coworkers who don't get reference counting idioms, but love the STL... By the time you manage to get your project's coding standards hammered out and enforced, and get it rigged up so it can talk to your external libraries that don't adhere to those standards, you might as well have given up and used C to begin with. Really? I hadn't heard that. What are the problems (especially reliability ones) with ZFS outside Solaris? I always assumed it was more or less a straight port. ZFS doing its own RAID implies to me that it sits relatively tightly on top of a simple block device layer. The NetApp issue, though, does seem plausible to me. At the very least, you'd want to see some level of indemnity from either NetApp or Oracle before shipping this on millions of devices. The Android market uses Google checkout, and all android phones are tied to a Google account. There's certainly no requirement that you physically have a credit card on you, though before you can use the market you do need to set up payments on checkout either via the phone or on your laptop, etc... Complaints are: 1. Hard to set up printing to complicated printers. 2. Laptop docking station doesn't work. Yeah, hardware compatibility is indeed a perenial problem with linux distros. The reason is that it's not something the OS vendor can solve. The truth is that Microsoft doesn't make this stuff work, HP and Dell do. They're the ones who get the support calls when stuff fails, so they're the ones with an incentive to make the integration work right. The linux world has no equivalent player (in the consumer space -- there certainly is on servers, where vendors care deeply about linux support). 3. Distros don't update Firefox when new releases come out. I think this is fair. There are arguments to be made either way, but it's true that a windows user has a much easier time upgrading to new versions of popular software at release time than linux folks do, where you generally need to wait 0-6 months for the new Ubuntu. I think some kind of answer for the user who wants to download someting new Right Now would be a good thing. 4. External monitor support sucks in X.org. Absolutely true, but it's improving rapidly. Why? The US Government taxes activity within its borders. It's not different than foreigners paying sales tax on stuff bought in the US. Now, I know next to nothing about international inheritance and estate tax policy, but I'd have to assume many, many other nations have identical policies, no? Indeed. I'm always surprised at the number of people I meet (and, distressingly, the number of posters on this site) that honestly believe that "most" software is written by web geeks or IT droids in scripting languages or Java or .NET. That, and the fact that this belief persists as they turn off their digital televisions, click their garage door remotes, text a friend on their phone, fire up the engine in their personal vehicle, and drive to work stopping carefully at all the carefully automated traffic lights, swipe their ID card and sit at their desk where they can finally get to see some software. Yeah, I was immediately screaming the same thing. Arguing that "only" a tiny subset of a population is involved with a survey as a basis for rejecting its results is just plain ignorance. The other stuff in the article does seem dodgy though, like arbitrarily tacking on 50% to reflect an assumed-but-unmeasured bias in the input sample. Ridiculous. Still, the title is innumerate, sensationalist junk, and the poster should be ashamed. Really, an MBA is only "necessary" for a middle-management position at a large corporation, where it's the standard entrance ticket. Everywhere else, you can get by without it. Clearly in technical circles, people see little value in the degree. That's not quite the same thing as saying the the degree has no value though. I think the jury is still out on that one. I think it can be easily argued that "stupid business tricks" are an important area of specialty, with lots of subtlety. Not knowing those tricks is going to put your startup at a disadvantage in some situations (as other point out though, that probably doesn't include early stage development). And there's probably a lot you can learn in a classroom about that stuff. So I'm not going to condemn the MBA without evidence. Your advice is good, but you're being a snob. The complexity of a simple compiler is not that high. My language ( http://plausible.org/nasal ) has a core of about 3-4000 lines of C, well under the size of the Unix kernel explained (very well) by Lions in his classic book. Sure, language design is a deep field, with lots of subtlety and complexity. And people spend years studying it. That doesn't mean that every language requires a huge tome of background to implement. The part that strikes me as snobbery is your statement that you cannot learn language design from a small book. Based on my actual experience in the same regime, some of which involved reading books but far more of which involved thinking through code, I think you're just wrong. FTA: Ten private companies, a number of US Government Federal Agencies primarily in the Health sector and the OpenID and Information Card Foundations will announce this morning in Washington DC the launch of a pilot program to allow members of the public to log in to participating government websites with their credentials from approved independent websites . They're not allowing any OpenID cert, they're just blessing the big providers (presumably Google, Yahoo, etc...). Yeah. There were some bad days with default linux installs circa 1998 or so (Red Hat 6.0 was a disaster, IIRC), but everyone learned their lesson and in fact linux distros have been extraordinarily proactive about security since. Witness Red Hat with SELinux, FORTIFY_SOURCE, ExecShield, etc... One of the ironies is that the "only two remote holes in the default install" bit, while impressive compared to, say, Microsoft, is still two more than Red Hat and Ubuntu have shipped over the same period. (Disclosure: that's from memory. I'd have to look up dates on remote exploits to be sure.) I guess I was counting since the first hole in 2002. Have there been any in common linux distros since then? OpenBSD got caught once. But even so: Ubuntu has had zero remote holes in the default install in 5 years. I'm getting hung up on a divide by zero bug somewhere, but I think that works out better if you want to be pedantic about this stuff, no? :) Seriously: it's a dumb marketing slogan, and it means next to nothing. In point of fact over the last 6-7 years OpenBSD doesn't have a particularly distinguished security record according to their own metric. It's better than Microsoft. There have been lots of security bugs. But no "remote holes in the default install", which is OpenBSD's marketing slogan. That's the point that I was making. It's a dumb metric. I'm not aware of any DB2-specific instructions, but POWER6 and above implement a decimal floating point instruction set, allowing things like regulatoriliy-mandated financial computations to be hardware accelerated instead of computed in software. That's clearly a nod to the same market that is buying DB2. Must we have this flame war again? Or if you insist, can you please at least pack your arguments into one post, complete with competing definitions of "free", and "open", and sneering sideways attacks at the other side's development model or developer personalities? Exactly. And that in a nutshell is the problem with this article. It's an exposition of the kind of regex engine we all learned about in school, not the kind of tool that is useful for practical software development. A regex matcher, alone, isn't really useful for much beyond a lexer generator. It's captured subexpressions and backreferences (well, really just captures) that turn it into the gadget we all love. And as you point out, that is not achievable with the simple state machine engine we all remember from class. You fail to note the obvious irony: Microsoft's support for C++ standards is probably the biggest single contributor to the lack of support for, well, C++ standards. It may be that Microsoft has actually improved some of their products. But their C++ compiler is terribly lagging. Developers are responsible for debugging their platform then? He states that he had a significant speedup in Vista too, which is pretty good evidence that he'd isolated the problem to something in XP. So he needs to decide on what to do, and fixing XP retroactively doesn't seem to be an option. And in any case, the thread scalability of the allocator some of MS's older C runtimes is a known performance issue. I'm not surprised by this at all. Your second point makes sense only if everyone who reads your code only does so in your preferred IDE. That kind of tool dependence is unhealthy. For myself, I rather like things like the prepended underscore (or m_*, the microsoft convention for object members) because it makes up for a shortcoming of C++ and its derivatives: there are multiple non-local scopes for symbols, and it's not always obvious which one you mean. Is that unbound variable a class member? static class member? top-level member of a namespace? global? Having prefixes that make this obvious can be really helpful. Now, that's secondary to the point of whether this scoping rule is a good idea. I'm generally of the opinion that it's not, and that languages (e.g. python) which force object scoping to be explicit are more readable. But that's just because "self.field" is 1:1 with the "_field" convention from C++. And in any case sub-pixel color artifacts were a fact of life for decades when we were all using CRTs. I don't remember anyone complaining about all those visible phosphors then. Regardless: am I the only one who doesn't see much value here? The icons earlier were arguably more readable, but the colors are nonetheless a little distracting. And I have a strong suspicion from comments (some very positive, some like me much less impressed) that these images are being tuned very heavily to a particular LCD design, or pixel pitch, and aren't as generically useful as people think. The sad thing is that absurd arguments work. All that's needed for denialism to win is doubt. Just one goof, or bad actor, or wrong result can be spun like this into a "collapse" of the case it is making. The fact that this is an argument of risk , where the argument for carbon legislation needs to be weighed not against the certainty of the science but on the best-guess risks of inaction is completely lost on the public and the media. So how do you weigh your decision? Are you waiting for unassailable evidence? What is your best guess at the cost of regulation needed to fix the problem you are not unconvinced exists? How does that cost change over time as we do nothing? Or do you care about any of that? This isn't (just) an internet flame war. The goal isn't (or shouldn't be) to "win" by poking holes in the oppositions argument. It should be to make the best/safest decision possible given the evidence at hand. But that's the point: there has to be a decision made . By advocating inaction, you are expressly taking the side of the denialists, even though you claim not to agree with them, technically. I think you missed my point. It's not a dichotomy at all, it's a spectrum. There is some (incomplete) evidence, and some choices of action available, and some (uncertain) costs to be borne because of those choices. Your point seems to be that we should do nothing, because we don't know that the "data/predictions are correct". That's not a middle ground, it's a choice. You are making an AFFIRMATIVE decision that the costs (amortized over probabilities) of regulation are greater than those of inaction. I don't think you realize this. You think you're just delaying a decision, but because the cost models aren't constant, you're actually making one. And obviously I think you're making it based on some very flawed logic. I don't believe I asked you to buy into "every" prediction or support "every" prescription. But it's a fair point: which regulation choices do you support? My experience is that the seemingly-moderate "science is incomplete" skeptics, when pressed, generally argue for no action at all. That would put them much farther on the "denialist" (I don't know what other label to use, and you didn't offer a suggestion) end of the spectrum, no? But the point was that the decision interacts with the market, though. Obviously testing is good and omitting testing completely is bad. But at the end of the day the someone or something needs to pay for the software. Software vendors that ship late due to elaborate design and testing regimes get paid less, in practice, than the "duct tape" folks who beat them to market. The video drivers you mention are a good example: an aerospace customer is almost certainly operating on a slower schedule, and probably has contracted the revenue already. The value of time to market here is less. And of course the value of code quality in a vehicle safety application is much higher than it is in a consumer web app. So I'm not surprised at all that sane and smart people would make different testing decisions in the two regimes. They're both right. Your first point is semantic. I grant it, but I don't see that it changes anything. You still oppose carbon regulation, which is the issue at hand. Your second is just a bizarre analogy. Yes, that's exactly what my argument is saying. But analogizing a decision of real world regulation (where we should be able to make a rational decision) to criminal justice (where we get tied up with the moral issues of unjust punishment, or "soft on crime" tolerance) is just weird. Are you trying to argue that "unjustly" regulating carbon is a violation of someone's basic human rights? Again, weird. Should I infer that you are in favor of one or more of those courses? My guess from your tone is that you oppose all of them. So how is it not correct to characterize your advocacy as being for "inaction?". That's the absolutist argument. You want "proof" before you will do anything at all. Read up the thread, it's exactly what I'm arguing against -- that logic just plain doesn't work. If you're not looking at risks and costs, you're not looking seriously at the problem. ZOMG Gnuplot! Thank heavens I'm not the only one still using it. Seems like everyone is using spreadsheets for this now and just can't handle it when I send them ugly-but-scripted graph output. This is sensationalism. What this graph measures is the move away from asset-backed currency and towards a finance-based central bank. That creates inflation, which is true. It also decouples growth from gold mine output, which is more important. Try graphing GDP per capita across the same range, and note that there's an equivalent jump in the derivative at the same time. Basically, this is a feature, not a bug. Macroeconomics can be terribly dangerous in the wrong hands.