I like it. One thing it's missing is the lack of a way to add your own perception of how normal your week was - as an employee this is more stable, I guess, but as a business owner sometimes every week is a new bouquet and a new brickbat in one. I didn't really 'get' the interface until I realised that Blender is to 3D modeling as vim is to text editing. Yeah, using a crude name for a specific gender's genitalia as a pejorative is a bit of a dick move. This was my response too. "Random" doesn't mean much without specifying a distribution. The problem here is that this sort of termination clause is basically standard practice these days. For instance, Google's TOS just says "Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time": http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/ - That's pretty damn scary given that I (and most people I know) have a Gmail account as their primary contact! Everyone just accepts it on the assumption that it's a last-ditch protection against 'bad people', and hopes that in their case if anything goes wrong the company will deal transparently and fairly with them. To somewhere that's not America then? Because you've left a few options open... To the right of the '5' key, above the '3' key and below the '9' key. This was my thought - it's an awesome read and 3D printing definitely has its place, but its strength is generally in one-off or very-short-run custom items rather than building mass produced parts. It's closer to hold'em than it is to a lottery. But like both of those comparators it is certainly a gamble. Everyone who ever did anything that truly changed the world did so thinking it was obvious and that anyone in their place would have done the same. In the case of your Coke vs. Pepsi scenario, would the recipe for Coke not be protected both as a trade secret, and under copyright? On the other hand, I can't believe it'd be against the law for some employees from Coke to quit and start a company that manufactures soda (assuming they didn't actually use Coke's recipe). Object-oriented programming is a paradigm that can be followed in almost any language. If you're creating a conceptual 'object' that stores state and has associated methods then you're using OOP. Question for people who own Pebble watches - have you read the Pebble privacy policy? They track a ridiculous amount of stuff (everything from your GPS location and activity to what other apps you run on your phone), log it indefinitely (literally 'for a period of time') in personally identifiable form, and reserve the right to sell your data to third parties. It baffles me how people can be OK with this. GadgetBridge is the only reason I haven't canceled my Pebble Time Steel order. Hopefully I'll have time to help out with the project once my watch arrives. You mean for Unix phones (a la Ubuntu Phone)? Or you want to tether it to your desktop/laptop? Either way the Gadgetbridge source should provide a good starting point if no existing software is available. I guess I just don't understand how you can not be bothered by the fact that your watch (or more accurately, the companion app on your phone) is constantly uploading detailed, realtime information about your life to a third party? Are you hardcore in the 'nothing to hide' camp? Do you just not believe that privacy is important? If you're fine with Pebble knowing everything about you, are you fine with them selling all of this information to anyone they choose? And given the ongoing litany of security breaches and data leaks, even if Pebble never use or sell your data for anything, are you fine with your information becoming public knowledge if Pebble ever get hacked or have their database leaked? Some day we may just have to accept ubiquitous surveillance as the price for technology, but I don't think we've reached that point yet. The problem is that the app needs internet access, and access to much of your phone's data, to provide the watch's useful functions. You can't just block internet access without disabling apps that require online data. That's no excuse for them to then upload all of that data to their servers for monetisation and possible sale. Thought experiment: Dogs tend to act guilty when they know they've done something wrong. If you get two dogs together, and one does something naughty, do both act guilty afterwards or only one? If only one, then is it not reasonable to assume that the guilty dog has internally models the situation as "I did bad thing, I am bad dog" but the other dog internally models the situation as "I didn't do bad thing, I am good dog"? I'm not saying dogs sit around quoting Kant, but they're highly social animals and I find it hard to believe they don't have some internal representation of themselves. Or terrifying, if you consider that a simulation of his son's brain is , in a very real sense, his son. And that when he shuts that simulation down he's killing it. > I also think we can see a huge bias about some of our theories of what human beings are: [...] I agree. A common theme in articles like this is the suggestion that when our subconscious mind does something, it's "not us doing it", as if your conscious experience is all that counts as "you". The 'conventional wisdom' you quote sounds valid in a professional environment. If your only experience of teamwork is with group projects in university then worrying that 'teamwork' equates to 'being saddled with a bunch of slackers' is entirely reasonable. I think their answer was a very honest answer, which was a classic rookie mistake (although totally excusable since it was their first 'real' job interview). After being round the block a couple of times, we learn to add some spin to the answer, the way you did, and the interviewer sees that we can play the game, and we get hired. I just finished reading Blindsight and Echopraxia (as the omnibus release 'Firefall') a couple of days ago, they're both great reads. I don't agree with his conclusions about sentience but I think they're well worth exploring nonetheless. Edit: Oh wow, not only is Blindsight available online, but all of his short stories are up as well! http://www.rifters.com/real/shorts.htm Consciousness is only useless when performing tasks that you have already mastered. Think of your brain as a box containing a programmer (the conscious) and a computer (the subconscious) - the programmer only gets in the way of a program's execution once the program is written, but is indispensable when a new program is required. It's referenced in Echopraxia, but only to explicitly state that the Bicameral Brotherhood isn't named for that study. :) I agree. Social animals need to be able to model other members of their group. Once that model evolves to include their internal models (including their model of you) then recursive self-awareness pretty much comes for free. This makes heaps of sense, they say "wow it looks so much like a Gaussian kernel" and my first thought was "is Gaussian not the go-to kernel for image processing?" > Plus -- "first newborn in the house" is something that causes upheaval for maybe 6 months or so, and then life settles down again. Ha! That's fine until they get to 8 months and stop sleeping through the night again (which apparently is a common thing). A few weeks of chronic sleep deprivation can absolutely destroy your ability to do anything vaguely brain-work-related. Gotta push the market down before the next round of buy-low-sell-high! Nor does it matter whether you eat carbs or fats or protein. In the immortal words of Doctor Rudy, 'You haf. To eat. Less.' Did anyone else think it was strange, in an article about runtime efficiency, for them to say that problem-specific optimisations promise speedups of "several orders of magnitude"? Because, well, that doesn't change the order of the algorithm... So basically n=12, and they saw 2 instances of one thing and 1 instance of another. Sure, maybe p You can't just lump things into two categories: https://youtu.be/bXKvRNnXF3A I think being difficult "for computers" is a misleading concept. Go is more difficult for our current algorithms than chess, at least in part because we've focused on chess for much longer. Sooner or later we may discover some new algorithm (this deep-neural-net-based approach may be it) which will reduce Go to be as tractable as chess, or even more so. It's discoverable in the sense that if you do the right thing, you discover it. It's undiscoverable in the sense that, even now with long-tap being a fairly common "right click" on touch devices, there's no indication (unless I've missed one) that a long tap does anything here until you try it by accident. It's not a question of "that's hard to do", but of "why would you even do that?" A horizontal pinch-zoom or horizontal drag would be arguably more intuitive as a way to expand the like button. From the announcement on the Parse blog, it sounds like Parse might in fact be the open source Parse alternative: > Second, we’re releasing the open source Parse Server, which lets you run most of the Parse API from your own Node.js server. Sounds like he's viewing things very much from a research-scientist perspective. From that point of view, sure, a lot of the groundbreaking work has already been done. From the point of view of someone who just has a job to do, though, it's a tool in the toolbox. If it's the most appropriate tool then you'd be stupid not to use it. Round is 2-3 days, yeah. IMO it gives up the major drawcard of the Pebble (ie. the battery life and simple 'just the basics' design) for no advantage other than being smaller and prettier. I've got a Time Steel and it lasts around a week, and it's chunky but not hugely so. I like it. Mechanical watches don't hold terribly good time and need to be re-set every few days at the outside. It's quite a pain. And yet this is how people seem to view it (even looking at the "serious" conversations on singularityhub and similar places). Their view of has this real idiot/god dichotomy going on, dramatized so that it only takes seconds from "it's just a dumb computer" to "it's become self-aware" to "it's taken over the entire internet and built an army of robots!" Thinking about it, it probably comes from our general perceptions (based on conventional software development) that computers will either not do something at all, or they'll do it blindingly fast. And even people who work with computers often don't really grok the difference between multiplying two big matrices, and pondering the best way to approach an unsolved problem. Why will an artificial general intelligence automatically be "thousands of times faster than the entire human race"? Are you assuming that this theoretical AI algorithm is trivial in terms of computational complexity? Precisely. The image recognition and natural language processing that's "just a deep learning algorithm" today would have blown the socks off anyone ten years ago. Chess playing programs were AI until they could decisively beat all humans, and then we decided that chess doesn't require intelligence. Self-driving cars were AI until they got close to market and now apparently driving a car doesn't require intelligence. It would seem that only True Scotsmen are intelligent. Works on an original iPhone (if I print it out and glue it to the screen) I've done similar images in the past and the approach I used was: 1) Choose a target image resolution, and set up a square array of that size, initialized to zeroes. 2) Decide on the bounds you want to use, and linearly map coordinates into the target image. Say you want to graph x in the range [Xmin, Xmax) and your resolution is Xres, then pixel_x = (int)((x - Xmin) * Xres / (Xmax - Xmin)) (Note that if you have a higher-dimensional attractor you'll need some form of projection down to two dimensions.) 3) Iterate your attractor equation (starting point doesn't matter because it's an attractor). Each iteration, increment the pixel that matches your current coordinates. Stop iterating when you land on a pixel with a value above some preset. 4) Apply a palette to your pixel values to turn it into a nice picture like the ones linked here. If the author feels they can't be part of a community because of some code containing a suggestively-named (in their particular culture) variable, then that's their choice and more power to them. The response from this Duncan guy was probably unnecessarily rude, and while I mostly agree with the content of his response, he certainly came across as a bit of a dick. That said, I fail to see why we should care. A person was part of a community until they had a snit and left it. Okay. (Edit: As rightly pointed out below, the author was effectively kicked out of their role after complaining about said variable. So fair enough, I'm upgrading Duncan & co. from 'bit of a dick' to 'complete dick who shouldn't be in charge'. In which case we should definitely care about a project's admin abusing their power in that way.) After a re-read, you are indeed correct. And I agree, that kind of behaviour does warrant warning potential contributors away from the project. I do understand why he behaved this way. Look at the recent attempts to coerce various high-profile projects into adopting a particular code of conduct. These attempts invariably introduce identity politics and drama into a previously purely meritocratic community, and result in a huge amount of wasted time and lost productivity. Regardless, I don't think he went about it the right way. It would have been more effective to simply reject the patch with a note stating that the variable name was appropriate in context (assuming it was so). And here is the exact phenomenon we're talking about, in action! Back when neural nets were "fundamentally novel" we didn't have the understanding or computing power to tap their potential. So they "weren't really AI" because they couldn't do much that was interesting. Now, we have a better understanding of how to use them, and we have enough computing grunt to make them do really interesting things. But they're "not really AI" because they're "not fundamentally novel." 10 years ago general purpose image comprehension by computers was nonexistent and Google image search for $word basically just returned images with $word in or mentioned near the URL. Nowadays you can search for "young einstein" and get 3 pictures of Yahoo Serious and 10 pictures of Albert Einstein as a young man. It still looks like magic to me even though I know a bit about how it works. Just wait, after machines become unarguably sentient, the only thing for them to fall back on will be "yeah but it doesn't have a soul". :P So what happens if (when?) we come up with a system that does everything a human can do, better than a human, but doesn't contain any 'crazy insights', just a bunch of incremental improvements on what we have now? Does that mean we aren't intelligent? Or does it mean that the system isn't intelligent but that we are "because we do it differently"? Or do we accept at that point that intelligence is composed of simple building blocks interacting in complex ways (which we already know, if we eschew Cartesian duelism)? I got a "You've been XSSd" popup. Not sure if humorous alert("test") or if demo JS exploit... Edit: Some Ctrl+F resulted in "console.log("halp"); alert("you've been XSSd");" from "Harrison Shoebridge". Naff. No-one's "fixed" email because of the network effect. You think trying to break into the social networking space is bad? Consider that everyone who does use social networking has an email address, along with almost everyone who doesn't. What, any time someone wants an analogy they can simply summon one to their location with their mobile phone? > Most of my friends are feminists . > There's practically no hostility There are many people who identify as feminists who are fair, rational, and genuinely want equal opportunities for all. There are many other people who identify as feminists who are militantly against anything but total female domination. The word is used by so many different groups with different ideologies in different contexts that it's become meaningless. And this is why driverless cars will never (or at least not soon) attempt to optimise trolley-problem-style for number of human lives saved or similar. The algorithms chosen will optimise for one thing and one thing only: Legal defensibility for the car's actions. I don't know about the specifics talked about here, but he's absolutely right that no matter how much raw talent you have, eventually you will find yourself facing a challenge that you can't beat. And at that point, if you want to keep improving, you will have to start learning the same kinds of engineering discipline and using the same kinds of external aids that everyone else has had to use all along. I've seen a few people go through this process (and experienced it myself) at various stages in their careers and everyone has a rough patch after hitting that wall. Eventually they admit that what they've been doing is no longer working, and they become better engineers because of it. But it's tough when you're in the middle of it, and for a while your work definitely suffers. Precisely, and this is all the email is saying; that it's better to learn how to use a winch or a snatch strap before you get yourself fully bogged. "The enemy of my enemy is my food." I love this restatement of RPS. Dancers are more likely to be girly girls and welders are more likely to be blokey blokes, making the two more likely to be compatible? Species go extinct all the time, and the world doesn't end. Wiping out one species deliberately will probably not be a disaster. Letting mosquitoes continue to exist is just as likely to "bring along with it an endless string of unforeseen consequences, one that could possibly be worse for humans than the problems we have now" as not doing so. On the other hand, we should probably do some due diligence before deciding to embark on a mosquitocide, just to try and swing the odds in our favour. "Yeah, well I expect the lights had gone out." Although I guess if this describes Linux, then closed source is generally more like the plans being on display at the local Galactic Council office on Proxima Centauri. Yeah, even if there are no obligate mosquivores, we're perturbing a chaotic system, which is defined by sensitive dependence on initial conditions. Any action we take (including none at all) is going to have some arbitrarily large (or small) effect on the future state of the system. If it works exactly as described, the 'only male offspring' modification should be nice and side-effect-free. But then, evolution is a big-numbers statistical game. Who knows what interesting variations we'll see.. Even 'dull' and 'unimaginative' are outliers. You need to be... beige. But my mum had to cut all the tags out of my shirts when I was in school too! Finally someone who feels my pain! :P Edit: She did though, damn things were itchy. Doesn't seem to be a problem since I grew up though. Funny that. True, species with heterogametic females (such as some reptiles) will revert to parthogenesis if no male is available. If mosquitoes are like that (are they?) then that could lead to all sorts of interesting consequences after a dedicated push to release infertile males. Totally privileged. If these problems can't explicitly be scaled horizontally by the developer, why would this system be able to scale them horizontally by doing it behind the scenes? Any limitations of data exchange between nodes would still apply. Agreed. I took one game to calibrate (I've just never worked with scatter plots much and had no idea what various P-levels "looked like") and got ~30 on my second game. What finally killed me was a streak of low correlations - Eyeballing gives me no idea if it's a 0.05 or a 0.35. Anything 0.45 - 0.8 seemed pretty easy. I didn't really get anything over 0.85. Really? The issues OP lists: * For consumption but not creation - a 'dumb' mobile is even more so, you're stuck with the built-in functionality and can't install any other software. * Not real network clients due to battery limitations - arguably true for 'dumb' phones as well but they don't have the 'powerful CPU and fast network connection' that OP bemoans wasting. * Massive centralization / shift to "the cloud" - 'dumb' phones have limited or no online presence. * Ruined web design - 'dumb' phones have little or no web browsing capability and web pages don't target them. * Insecure - can't really argue that one. * Malevolent / locked down - technically applies to 'dumb' phones but they were never advertised as general purpose software platforms. I'd say most of his points stand. You got to the unsubscribe form? Every time I inadvertently follow a link to that site, I get to their "show the article then cover it in a popup demanding I register" screen, think "to hell with you" and close the tab. Which is a pity because it seems like they have a lot of interesting content, but there's no way in hell I'm going to give them my Facebook or Google+ account to get at it, and I can't be bothered creating a new throwaway email just for them. C++ is a language that's easy to code badly in, but that doesn't mean it's hard to code well (portably, maintainably, effectively) in. IMO it's a language that well suits pragmatic programmers who are willing to cherry-pick the most convenient and productive features for their projects and leave the rest alone. It's a terrible language for those of us who compulsively try to be clever and use every little nook and cranny of the language they're using. They get lost out in the dark scary corridors and spiderwebs, and then say "C++ sucks" instead of "what the hell, don't go out there unless you really NEED variadic templates today." Edit: And it's easy to get yourself in really weird pickles if you don't know what not to do, (static initialization order, I'm looking at you!) I've found my WTF-per-minute rate has dropped dramatically over the years as my coding style has improved. Compare and contrast: https://sense2vec.spacy.io/?dank_meme|NOUN > Meanwhile, the previous designers and implementors seem to fade (who knows where they end up?) 'Promoted' to management, due to the all-pervasive and asinine perception that the only way to recognize a highly skilled technical person is to waste their time with bossing other people around. I think the implication is that the Chinese government exerts a lot of control over the internet there, and are openly monitoring/intercepting internet traffic. As such, they shouldn't be considered a trusted authority for security related purposes. Is that necessarily a bad thing? Maybe if you're transcribing text for dictation, but for many voice recognition uses, you would be happy with text conveying the semantic content of the spoken text. Not my field either, but I wouldn't have thought that mere word proximity would lead to something as interesting as word embeddings either, and they seem to be a general purpose "input token -> semantic meaning" mapping, so who knows? (Seriously, if someone does know, tell!) > They're just facing a bubble, for the time being, that will produce lots of bargain prices when it pops. All those 'old people' who we complain about are going to start dropping off the perch sooner or later. That's when the bubble will really burst. Popular media: "Y and probably Z!!" Social media: "You'll never believe that W leads to this one weird thing!" It sounds like it'd be trivial to nop out the timer on repeated passcode attempts. Which makes sense... Leaving any short passcode trivially crackable. >The fact that they can push weak OS updates to a locked phone is the backdoor. This times nine hundred and eleven thousand. If you're good at picking things up in a hurry, the best way to gain experience in new skills is to get hired for your existing skill set, either at a very small company or (better yet) a large one with incompetent management. In a small company, everyone wears a bunch of different hats and you will often be asked to do new things outside your official role. In a large company with bad management, staff turnover will ensure that they regularly find themselves short on skills, at which point you can stick your hand up to pick up the slack. Either way, if you consistently deliver the goods then they'll keep coming to you with new challenges. Everyone invents slang to seem more important. Google+ was going great guns until they started forcing people to use real names everywhere. There's a big step between "building a social network" and "trying to own your users' real life identities". Just playing devil's advocate here (and I'm in no way full bottle on U.S. law) but from other posts here, one of the most contentious points about national security letters is the very strict gag order that is usually attached to them. Yes, there's a publicly available court order. How would you know there isn't also an NSL? It's amazing how many parallels exist between an abusive workplace and an abusive personal relationship. Good on you for getting out and finding somewhere better! > Carrying a balance on a credit card is almost never an appropriate use of debt. One exception: Credit cards with those introductory "6 months interest free" clauses. Sign up for as many as you can get, with as large a limit as you can get. Max them all out on payments into a mortgage offset account. Just before the end of the interest free period, pay them all off again. (I've heard of this being done but I'd bet it's a lot harder to pull off these days.) Wouldn't they get very hot in the presence of a strong, rapidly varying magnetic field? There's your business model right there. For a modest sum, you will buy your customer's house off them for the new market value, then immediately sell it back to them for the same value. $8000 - 2 x property taxes should still leave some margin. If that quote shows how overrated he is, I should read more of his stuff. This is true but, in terms of security, is meaningless. If they can order Apple to unlock one device this way, they can do it again, and once they've got a precedent, the next time won't be national news, it'll just be routine. Exactly. If there's one thing I hate about the direction of tech these days, it's this headlong rush to gratuitously shackle all of our previously-independent devices to a mesh of online services. My bike lock (to use this example) should NOT require an internet connection, and should not depend on some web service (run by a super trendoid startup which might not exist in six months time) to fulfill its function. And don't get me started on phone apps which shift some trivial processing off into "the cloud" as a thinly veiled excuse to upload all of your personal data to the company's servers so they can then flog your details off to some advertising company. /rant "If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear." Reassuring thought when new laws can be added at any time to criminalize your past actions... Real robots will have their second and third laws swapped. Robots are expensive and humans are stupid. Robots will politely refuse any order which will damage them - for example, a self-driving car isn't going to drive into a wall even if it's empty and you order it to do so. In my example the car is empty, so there is no first law involved. I probably could have worded it more clearly. :/ I believe the story you're referring to is called "Rabbit". They solved that one by forcing a situation which triggered the first law, breaking the deadlock. :) Bah, that'll teach me to post when I'm half asleep. At least I remembered the end rightly (ish). Clearly it's time for me to re-read his early robot anthologies. Is this close enough to your original idea? http://www.dashfest.com/?p=393 This badly needs to change, now that your "pocket lint" can store more data than an entire house full of filing cabinets. Wow. My first semester of computer science had me studying fuckin' Gofer. When you first install Sourcetree (and every year thereafter) you have to register it with an email address. Is this just that or is it different? (ie. have they started requiring an always-on connection to Atlassian or something?) I always find myself wondering this as well. The only way I can think of is they decide to hire thousands of mediocre employees and churn the money away with rewrites and busywork. Nope, as in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gofer_%28programming_language%... , the neutered Haskell clone. Don't get me wrong, I certainly think that functional programming has its place in the world, but as a first year uni student all fired up about finally learning "real" programming after years of teaching myself (back before the internet laid everything out on a platter), I was not impressed. Yuck, thanks for the heads up. On the third hand, if you have some kind of career goals, then you probably want to be making some kind of progress towards them. While it's not always possible to discuss such goals with your employer (eg. if your goal is "become the CTO" and your immediate manager's goal is also "become the CTO" then discussing this with them is likely to end poorly), it's important to at least let them know which direction you want to go in. At my last job, I was the primary fire-putter-outer on a number of fronts, and it was very disheartening watching new projects (that I'd put my hand up for) get handed off to others while I was busy fixing up the previous efforts of said others. I feel your pain. :( It's the Dilbert Principle in action, except that rather than less effective people/groups being deliberately selected for advancement, those groups are selected by default because they're sitting around doing nothing important. The most effective people/groups are too busy getting the critical work done to risk letting them change roles. If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted. Does TouchID have any protections against your finger unlocking your phone post-mortem? The three priorities of software development: 1) Make it work (at all) 2) Make it work right 3) (If necessary) make it work fast Psychological manipulation (or maybe, being more charitable, 'magic tricks') for AIs. Interesting. I wonder if, by treating an Amazon Turk style classifier instead of a deep learning system, you could use this approach to farm optical illusions or similar human 'glitches'? This engine design is, in fact, 2-stroke according to the article. Clark's Law: Any sufficiently advanced incompetence is indistinguishable from malice. Isn't that what border security does? > Farmed out the replication of every result to undergrads would, one be a practical/logistical nightmare, and two lead to less reliability in what a degree means. Actually I think farming out replication to undergrads would be an excellent approach. Your final year undergrad project should be to choose an under-replicated study and repeat it, publishing your findings. Each individual study might be less reliable if done by an undergrad than done by a seasoned researcher, but if each study is repeated by say 5 undergrads and 2+ of them fail to replicate the results, that would be enough to indicate that the study warrants further attention. > One student could spend their time working on a important result gaining tons of insight and expertise while another could be stuck replicating a task that turned out to be worthless bullshit and have very little to show for it. The whole point of science is that we don't know what will turn out to be an important result and what will turn out to be worthless bullshit. No study is worth a damn unless it's been replicated but everyone is too busy trying to land-grab the next little piece of unexplored territory to actually validate anything that comes before. If nothing else, we need to regain the perception that a negative result is just as important as a positive result - to paraphrase Edison, discovering 100 things that don't work is just as important as discovering one thing that does. So you're agreeing with GP poster that the legal objections are what will prevent self-driving cars on a large scale? Thankyou! I've been saying this for a while, the current approach of 'driver assistance' or 'autopilot' is terrible. The more reliable the autopilot, the less attention the human 'driver' is going to be paying when the autopilot actually does say "okay turkey, you fly it" and shut off. And that is far more likely to happen in an unusual (read: hazardous) situation. You're self-selecting for a human panic reaction followed by a crash. If these VMs use the same license as the ISOs, then they're under a 90-day evaluation license which disallows commercial usage. Maybe this is what he's referring to? What, you're saying that excluding the middle ground is a fallacy? By Jove, I think you may be onto something! There are WAY fewer farmers now than there were even 100 years ago. The rest of them are no longer employed as farmers. What's that fallacy called which leads us to assume that other peoples' jobs are easy? If there are a few major players in an area and all of their offerings are terrible, is it more reasonable to conclude that they just all suck despite somehow being major players, or to conclude that it's actually a much harder problem than you think? Does this mean they brought back PrivacyGuard? That was the main reason I switched to Cyanogen - to be able to use apps without giving in to their often ridiculous demands for access to my personal information. > 90% of ABP users keep the default settings Are you telling me that 90% of people who actively sought out and installed an ad blocker did not take the time to click twice more and disable the whitelist? I'd wager that most ABP users who have the whitelist enabled do so for ideological reasons, not laziness. Exactly. One of my past jobs was maintaining a mature codebase that had been under incremental development for over a decade. Most of the bug fixes I made involved anywhere from 2 hours to 2 days of investigation, usually followed by a one or two line change. Not to mention it's a terrible idea from a privacy and security perspective. It doesn't matter how good your encryption is or how reliable and low latency your network connection is if the service provider has shoddy VTech style security. The only way to keep your data safe is to not give copies of it to third parties. ("Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead" and all that.) > As soon as education gets difficult (and useful education always gets difficult) it’s social pressure, peer pressure and our own need to fit in and achieve that often keeps us going. What, no mention of the sunk costs to date? By the time a course gets difficult (second year, third year, wherever your course got hard), quitting will cost you a year of your time and a lot of money. I would expect major factors contributing to online course dropout rates to be: 1) Often there are no prerequisites enforced, so people get ambitious and find themselves out of their depth very quickly. 2) Once they get stuck, all they're losing by dropping out is a few afternoons' worth of reading a web page. Ever since I was a kid I've thought of "umm" and other such noises as disk drive thrashing noises. Loading something off an old 5.25" disk sounds a lot like the computer's saying "ummmmm um um um ummmmmm um here's your game!" That's kind of like saying that public key encryption is pointless because quantum computers (which we don't have, yet) would allow you to break it. As of the current state of the art, letting a cloud service operate on your data requires you to give them a readable copy of that data, and (this was my main point) SaaS companies have an incentive to make their terms and conditions as intrusive as possible. People who buy custom spec'd Mercedes don't want cars that base-model plebs can afford. The options aren't there to increase the feature set, they're there to make the buyers feel special. > CHAIN "ROBOTS" hits 'return' key Well put. Likewise, you can reframe the difference as 'women are paid less overall than men' or as 'men get less leisure time and less time with their families overall'. It would be interesting to see a campaign for shorter hours for men without changing pay. Solitaire works much better on computer than when played with cards, especially if you win the game and get the bouncy cards animation. What sorcery is this?! Really? I would have expected social proof to play a significant (maybe not huge, but measurable) part in valuations of companies, no different to valuations of most other things. I didn't drink until my early 20s, probably in part because when I was a kid my mum would mix white wine with orange juice as her preferred drink. If I found a glass of orange juice sitting in the kitchen, chances were it'd been 'poisoned' with wine. It wasn't until I tried bourbon and coke a lot later that I realised alcohol can taste good. Aww, I was hoping 'nanolight' referred to sub-microlight human-carrying aircraft... Turbo button, 386 style. :P It's not that bad, it's just the "how to write a ..." bit seems to imply that you're actually implementing one, not just loading a library to play one. Maybe "How to play a video in less than 1000 lines"? I dunno about legal action but I could sure imagine individual pharma companies (and other primarily IP-related industries with heavy R&D costs) deciding not to sell products there ever again. Think of it as 'code rot'. It's quick and dirty fixes that will have to be fixed later, taking longer overall than if you'd just done it right to start with (hence 'debt'). Fingerprints are a terrible form of authentication anyway. They're irrevocable, and you inherently leave copies of them everywhere just by touching things (unless you take special precautions). Same goes for DNA. Biometrics just aren't very good as shared secrets. There's been a lot of buzz recently about inductive motors which drive the wheels directly. Maybe this is one in the wild? And this is my primary problem with Formula 1. Any time anyone actually innovates, it's banned in short order. The whole thing is about dealing with the arbitrary restrictions imposed rather than about making the best possible vehicle. I'm more interested in the fact that they clearly consider the AI to be on par with Lee Sedol, and halfway through they started referring to AlphaGo as 'he' rather than 'it'. Everything I've read about the Deep Blue games described the computer playing in a very mechanical way, quite differently to what you'd expect from a human grandmaster. AlphaGo seems to play qualitatively very much like a human player. Lee just resigned. O.o So has AlphaGo raised its level so far just by continuing with the games against itself? Or did they just throw their entire server farm at it? (Or both, probably.) The Singolarity is here! It's a proof-of-concept. What they've proved is that the same kind of intelligence required to play Go can be implemented with computer hardware. Before now, software couldn't beat a ranked human player at Go no matter how much computing power we threw at it . Now we can. Give it ten years and, between algorithmic optimizations and advances in processing, you'll have an unbeatable Go app on your phone. > Forest for the trees. Heh, nice one. I don't think anyone's claiming that AlphaGo is an AGI in and of itself, just that it's a significant step towards one. There's still a lot to go before we can toss a standardized piece of hardware+code into an arbitrary situation and have it 'just figure it out'. Or being deliberately nonspecific. Three memory modules, going cheap if no questions asked. That's why Snow Crash still reads so well, it skirts the quantitative and focuses on the qualitative. I think this is because "simpler" is so subjective. Witness the Occam's Razor argument for theism - what's more likely, all of this crazy complicated quantum physics mumbo jumbo, or 'a wizard did it'? The latter only requires one assumption... until you start asking pesky questions about what, exactly, was the 'it' that the wizard did, and how was 'it' managed. Is it normal for players to leave the board without announcing a break (whatever the correct terminology is)? > distilling the inputs into their most important factors (and throwing away unimportant factors). Isn't that pretty much the definition of intuition? Combining a bunch of things in some unknown and nonlinear way to result in a 'feeling' about the situation? That was the first Culture novel I ever read, and still probably my favourite. Time to dig it out and read it again! There's a Starcraft AI League ( http://sscaitournament.com/ ) you might be interested in. There was one move that literally caused the 9th dan commentator to do a triple-take. It apparently turned out to be super effective. I find it interesting that people are using gendered pronouns for AlphaGo. Getting some definite Turing-test vibes here. Yeah, that explanation from the DeepMind team member today put a whole new spin on some of the 'odd' late game moves. It doesn't 'care' about about margins so it will shore up its odds of a win in preference to increasing the margin if it wins. I don't see how you can term them as "clear mistakes" when the game is playing at a higher level than any of us meatbags. In this case (according to DeepMind) it's no different to a racing driver backing off the pace in the last few laps if they have a big lead - it's better to guarantee a win than to win by a large margin. As I understand it, the value network takes the place of the heuristic for scoring a given board layout, and the policy network takes the place of the heuristic for ordering moves from most to least promising. When searching the game tree, at each ply the most promising N moves are examined (as determined by the policy network) and leaves of the game tree are scored by the value network. Charge $1000 per game and pay out $10,000 if the human wins. Could be a nice earner. ;) I like the way you think. :D Exactly. It's actually a pretty common behaviour for tree-searching game playing algorithms. Unless they're set up to explicitly give weight to faster wins or higher margin wins, they get into an unassailable position and then just kind of dick around. If every move's a win then it doesn't matter which move you make, right? It's not an upgrade. So they're not forcing ads onto home users, trying to turn Windows application development into a walled garden a la Apple App Store / Google Play, or using home users as beta testers before rolling out to enterprise customers? They're desperate to force customers into the SaaS business model because their old model of charging a one-time fee per OS install is no longer viable. Desktop computers have well and truly reached market penetration, the upgrade cycle has slowed significantly and since Windows 7, they haven't found anything new to offer that's compelling enough to entice customers to upgrade. Yeah, I've been noticing the pronouns thing. In chess challenges I always got the impression that the AI's play style was like a chain chomp. Limited, but ruthless within its limits, and definitely 'mechanical'. In these games the commentators are treating AlphaGo like a person. US only? Bah. The Dark Castle one took me right back to high school. Nostalgia++! So firstly, I don't think that's actually a documentary. Secondly, are you really saying "living in a police state is fine, you just have to make sure you never become more of a threat to someone in power than their peers in government"? I've always thought that the only reason the general public tolerates a lot of the laws in place is that said laws are rarely or never enforced. Think about speeding. Most people wouldn't accept having a government-monitored GPS in their car, and one common objection is "but then if I accidentally slip a couple of km/h over the limit I'll get instantly busted". Well yeah, and if you thought that universally enforcing the speed limit was fair then you'd be OK with this. It's not fair, and often the speed limit is far below what you could safely do in a modern car under good conditions. Breaking the speed limit often poses no threat to anyone. Just one example of an unjust, but relatively unenforced, law. The best thing about this whole setup is that it's unfalsifiable. Something bad happen? We need to work harder (read: accept more invasion of our privacy) to prevent such atrocities in future. Nothing bad happens? It's working, let's do it even more! I don't understand how "each robot has to be custom built for each building" and "takes two years to build". I mean, they don't need Atlas here. They just need a ruggedized remote control car with a camera and a ton of lead plate on it. If it's flooded, just use a commercial underwater ROV. The oil and gas industry has been using them for decades. You don't need a hundred-tonne robot to find a fuel rod, so they can at least get that part sorted. Once they know where they are, build something super rugged (I'm thinking basically a remote controlled shielded fork lift) to do the lifting. Are these robots operating fully autonomously? If so, why? Yes. That's the thing about acqui-hiring. As much as we like to pretend that with enough dollars you can buy the talent required to own a product-space, the fact is that in certain spaces, individual mortals can create billions of dollars of value. You just have to pick the right space and the right individual. Currently working my way through this and it's awesome. The simplified 'transistors'are more like relays but since I want to build a relay computer some day, that's perfect. :D This is reminding me more and more of the central theme of the book Echopraxia, which was that when dealing with superhuman intelligences, you are by definition not smart enough to even know whether you're winning. I think there's some mention at one point of humans who've augmented themselves to the point of being Mind-like, but by that stage they aren't really human any more. It'd be like climbing Everest on foot in the shadow of a cable car which runs to the top. Still a clallenge, but one that feels pointless. Or code that worked on the specific test case described in the paper but was flaky as hell on anything else. That's not really sleight of hand. Lots of things take more energy to produce than to run. It's like saying a 400W electric motor can put out as much power as a fairly fit human, but it's 'sleight of hand' because it took a whole factory to make the motor. There are a lot of cases where humans are actually really close to optimal (one example is racing lines taken by F1 drivers being within tenths of a percent of perfect, don't have the link any more though sorry). In this case there are diminishing returns at play, and an AI which is a lot "stronger" than a human might still produce very similar results. Remember that story a few days ago about a mysterious investor throwing millions of dollars around on the Turkish stock market? I'm not sayin' it's a wild AI, but... (Autoplay video warning) http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-10/mystery-du... That'd be one way to do it, just graft the circuit board from a digital camera onto the back of a film SLR. Why yes, sir, I've deleted all of my photos! I'd rather the default design have some actual damn information rather than a few vague feelgood phrases and some unrelated stock photos. Bonus points if they don't make me watch a 5 minute video full of exciting music and artsy slow-mo footage of "cloth sliding off a thing" or "people laughing in a park" and still give me no idea what their stupid product actually does. I know this is a gripe about the content rather than the presentation, but seriously, so many websites based on this kind of template are a total waste of my time and attention. > If your opponent [...] has a search space that is a strict superset of yours, it's "game over, man". Not necessarily. I think that's what we saw in game 4; that despite AlphaGo having a general advantage in terms of search space, it's still possible for the weaker of two strong-but-imperfect players to 'get lucky' and play a move that the stronger player didn't anticipate or account for. I had something similar just after I moved out of home for the first time. ICQ running, speakers still on from the music I'd been playing before, late at night. Someone logged on. Huge loud KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK sound. Just about gave myself a coronary! Is a stable 120Hz frame rate realistic on a PS4? Can it achieve that kind of rate just in normal 1080p output? Or will this relegate the Playstation VR to rendering 5-10 year old graphics? Bearing in mind that VR is a lot more sensitive to frame rate jitter than a traditional screen. Well, the margin of Arithmetica is certainly too narrow to contain it. Can any mathematicians confirm that it is truly marvellous? Or is there another proof out there? 'tl;dr' is often a troll response to a long post that that someone has obviously spent a lot of time on. Bonus troll-points if the long post was in response to another troll. Example: poster1: only retards use vi, notepad rules poster2: huge list of reasons why vi is better than notepad poster1: lol tldr It's counterintuitive, but making it harder to get mortgages will actually reduce housing prices in the long run, because it discourages real estate investment. In the same way, lowering interest rates appears to make it easier for first home buyers to get into the market but just results in investors snapping up more properties, driving up both mortgage amounts and rents. Individual organisms are incredibly reliable when you consider the range of functions they perform. Compare, say, a quadcopter drone (or any other small air vehicle) with a parrot. Lifespan without service or repair? Drone, weeks. Parrot, decades. Autonomy before recharging/refueling? Drone, 20 minutes. Parrot, hours to days. Cognitive faculties? Drone, slim to none. Parrot, long term autonomous in complex environments. Reproduction? We can't build things that do that at all yet, let alone pack one into a 1kg autonomous aircraft. Yes, we can build simple machines to replicate one function of a living creature, and those machines will be more reliable over short durations, but only because they are orders of magnitude simpler. You might as well call an LCD screen "unreliable" because it won't outlast a photograph. "Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it." - Donald Knuth I've always parsed this quote as "Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved that the code is correct, I haven't actually compiled and tested it." For any non-trivial code, no matter how much formal analysis you do, you don't trust it until it's been properly tested. Because if they keep raising money then their valuation keeps going up, and people will think they're a good investment and keep giving them money based on their rising valuation. There's a word for that kind of structure. Good question! We'll have to run some tests to find out. That's insane, and highlights the unreal expectations around the VC investment model. A draw is not a huge win but it's still a draw, and that means you get to play again. You're getting down voted but you have a great point. There's nothing worse than working with Typhoid Mary who struggles dramatically in to work no matter how sick she is and coughs all over everyone. I hear that analogy a lot, but on actual big ships, all the captain has to do is give the word and the ship turns pretty quickly. Maybe slower than a jet ski, but there's only one or two orders of magnitude difference there. Likewise, sure, a big company has a lot of momentum but it shouldn't take more than a year to realign it. They promised secure communications and when the government made it impossible for them to legally continue to offer that service, they shut down rather than betray their users. As far as I can see, they delivered on their promise. I don't think they're real big on the concept of personhood in any sense when it doesn't suit them. Or are their tracking bugs providing enough of a revenue stream that their real issue is with not being able to track you? And that right there is the central issue with the whole concept of a "trusted third party" in encryption. Three people can only keep a secret if two of them are dead. In my (limited) Python experience, this kind of amorphous-blob-of-properties interface is great fun to write but is absolute hell to decipher later, especially if you're not the person who wrote it. You end up having to read the entire function and usually recurse through most of the things it calls in order to even know how to call it. That's maybe not so much of an issue if you're just writing small self-contained scripts, but an interface to an API it's awful. Didn't we decide later that that's a bad idea? I mean, in the early days of the web, Internet Explorer was the very embodiment of this principle and a couple of decades later the internet is still full of the resulting non-standard crud. Advertising revenues (their main income stream) are under fire on all fronts. Hardware is expensive and messy. They probably want to refocus their 'moon shots' in fields closer to their core expertise. Advertising, big data, AI. I wouldn't be surprised if they scale back on the hardware side of self-driving cars as well. In hindsight, yes. It's possible (although seems naive these days) that he didn't actually believe he had to count his own government as hostile. Ah, but once encryption is outlawed, only outlaws will have encryption. At which point anyone sending or receiving encrypted data that the feds can't decrypt is automatically guilty of a crime, and should be apprehended. Of course, if you have nothing to hide from your friendly government agency, you have nothing to fear! The purpose of video game AI is not to beat you, but to lose to you in a fun way. Ghandi got away with his stunts because because he was up against the British, and they had comparatively okay ethics. Try that shit on someone who's actually bad and at best you'll just end up digging your own grave at gunpoint, then being "shot while escaping". While publicly the U.S. government probably wants to keep on the good side of popular opinion, they've proved time and again that in private they have little to no compunction about doing "whatever it takes" to get their way. But not "listen to your complaint, laugh, shoot you in the face, set fire to your children." Bad things happened under their rule but they weren't actively evil in the same league as so many regimes. If you think British rule was the worst thing that could happen to a place you're pretty sheltered. You make a lot of good points. Have a bank-grade-security upvote. This (along with the Neural Algorithm for Artistic Style paper) opens some interesting questions about simulating specific humans and the relationship of such simulations to mind uploading. Obviously it's a huge distance away from a proper upload, but with enough input data maybe this could form the basis of Alastair Reynolds' "beta simulations". Some metrics say my zip code, 30317, is already too wealthy for the household income of my wife, a tenured Atlanta Public Schools teacher, and me, a freelance writer and author, to technically be gentrifying it. So what they really mean is "we moved house"? To be fair, relatively few humans would parse that in any meaningful way either. Sentences like these lead you down the garden path sentence. Even a semi-smart bot that will give you the most relevant StackOverflow question/answers for your specific natural-language-specified question would kick ass (although to be fair, Google search does a great job of throwing up useful ones.) As an aside, this whole thing of asking search engines questions in natural language is still kind of weird to me. What if you've only very rarely seen a real steeple? I thought of a hand drawn one but almost every steeple I've ever seen was a hand drawn picture in a book. But that can be validly parsed two ways: "A machine-learning machine, which is learning" or "A machine which is learning machine-learning". Gonna have to think deeply about the design of this new computer. ;) Doom 1 and 2 are "2.5D", not true 3D. Still classics though. The checkpoint rubbish is thanks to consoles, IMO. >. again ? Intermittent reinforcement is the basis for a lot of behavioural addiction. Random loot games are basically just pretty pokies. They want a list of people who've got cash to burn and who don't read the fine print? Hard coded paths in a library, maybe? Oculus VR was founded in 2012, and bought out by Facebook in 2014. It's not like they just bashed out a demo on the weekend, this is meant to be production-ready code. That, or if you really have to use more, have a standard comment to mark such occasions so you can come back later and understand/fix it. // voodoo magic from stackoverflow starts here (link: ...) Not to mention healthy diets should be strictly enforced, along with mandatory exercise regimes to reduce the public burden of obesity and poor health. Because hydrogen is very hard to store in any reasonable size or shape, and that's even without focusing on the inefficiency of generating it. It's a bizarre world where an individual has more PR sway than an entire country. And this is why subdividing code too finely is as bad as not finely enough. In an informal way I think of it as a good design being 'square', as in the design is distributed evenly across all scales. So a small program might have ten functions of about ten lines each. A bigger one might have ten files, each containing about ten functions of about ten lines. It's different in every project but solid, elegant, well structured systems always seem to feel 'square'. Define "longevity"? I'm typing this on an iPad 3 running iOS 9 and it's definitely showing its age. The hardware is in perfect condition but it struggles to render many web pages and the wifi (although better than on iOS 6-8) is hideously slow compared to my midrange Android phone. They have no one to watch Netflix with? Interesting, thanks for the history lesson! I got my iPad 3 at a discount when they were running out stock, and chose it specifically for the retina screen. It's done well, all things considered, but it definitely seems underpowered these days. Apps are fine but web browsing is quite clunky. If there's critical a weak point in the design that they're well aware of, that's known to be triggered by certain conditions, and those conditions are in force, then I'd say quite a few. It takes a huge amount of guts, though, to try and pull the plug on something like a shuttle launch over something as innocuous-sounding as some gaskets. No matter how certain he was that it would cause a disaster, the non-technical brass must have just thought "eh it's a gasket, I had a leaky gasket in my car once, we can handle a few drops of oil." > you left the freedom of your device to jail yourself into simple interface...? "Is this not... better ?" - Loki As large as you want: https://users.soe.ucsc.edu/~jpagnutt/Elevator_Pitch.pdf (PDF warning) Or for a more commonplace example, old successful people telling young people to "take risks" and "follow your dreams". Of course they think it works in general because it worked for them. Now implement Javascript in a Turing machine, and run it on this, so you can run Internet Explorer on Windows 95 in the Emscripten version of DOSBox on it. =) It baffles me that your (imho) perfectly valid and well thought out post is getting downvoted in this of all places, where advertising revenue (as the most straightforward way to monetise a web service) must underpin the employment of a significant proportion of posters. It sounds like you've ended up roughly in the same place a I have; that there may be one or more Gods but that, as their existence or not is by definition un-testable, that if they do exist then they're irrelevant. > “Your washing machine is a robot. Your dishwasher is a robot. I'd argue that most dishwashers and washing machines are not robots, because they follow a pre-set sequence rather than responding interactively to their environment. Some might have a degree of closed loop control (eg. temperature control, automatic load size selection) but nothing that you would really count as perceiving their environment. As for what we will call a robot, the trend seems more the opposite. Twenty years ago an autonomous car would absolutely have been called a robot, whereas now we carefully avoid the word when referring to anything but a robot arm. Good point on the multi-function thing. Specifically the hardware has to be adaptable - if you can add new, different functionality outside of the original domain just by changing the software, then that's necessary (but not sufficient on its own) to be considered 'robotic'. Ugh, the Robot Wars thing has always annoyed me. They're in no way autonomous and definitely don't qualify as 'robots'. I think it comes down to what kind of product you're building and what kind of libraries you're using. If you're doing some web-facing product that's being continually developed, and there's a security update in a library or framework, then sure. If you're building a traditional piece of software (no "evergreen" continual updates, maybe even with no upgrade process at all eg. device firmware) then just using a library internally, and your requirements aren't changing, then continually updating it is busywork at best, and a risk to the reliability and stability of your project at worst. It's not "technical debt" to skip point releases that don't add anything to your project, since you avoid potentially re-integrating changes to the same features if they change multiple times, and there's a good chance you'll never need to update at all. > Which is all well and good, but it begs the question why did they back out now? Tinfoil answer: Because one of your secret courts ruled in their favour in a way that allowed Apple to save face in public? This is true. Their problem is that until recently they've existed in a growth market and their annual profits rely on new PC sales. Shareholders don't see "we're a $10 billion company but we'll be transitioning to a $2 billion company over the next 10 years" as an acceptable strategy so they're forced to try and wring growth-market profits out of a mature market. Or if not, it'll explain why in sci-fi movies, robots talk to each other in English. Re #4, the direct advantage may go to 0 but the indirect advantage remains that those first few jobs were much easier to get due to your degree. Your first couple of jobs are the most difficult to score. After that, you can rely more on contacts and your reputation. Like it or not, it's actually a pretty good proxy for "someone with decent education and a stable upbringing, plus has is likely to have the genetic potential to consistently perform well in employment" which is in turn a proxy for "likely to be a good hire." If you're running a welfare program, that's an unfair criterion. If you're running a business and need competent employees, then it's not a bad screening measure. > I think that the bar is higher today and it's not as easy to sneak your way in like I did. I think this is a significant factor in the skew from 'experience is king' to 'you need a degree'. The industry is much less of a 'wild west' now than it was even 15 years ago, so people with more than 15 years experience have a much higher chance of being self taught than people with 1-5 years. Trope averted! Although he still talks to R2 in English despite being fluent in over three billion languages. They can at least stop posting about carrots. If they haven't posted anything personally identifiable that could link their 'carrotlover314' account to their real identity, then they can discard that account. At worst, if it is indeed a case of past lewd carrot-related acts being punishable by death, they'd have a head start to get out of the country before the Carrotstasi get there. It's not much but it's something. > I think we're best off looking after the Earth, for which we are tailor made. It would certainly be convenient for us if Earth remained nicely habitable. We still need to establish a long-term, individually viable presence somewhere outside of Earth's biosphere if we want to ensure our species' survival, though. In the long run, something nasty is statistically certain to happen to our little blue marble. Oh it certainly lets you project infinite scalability in practice. Whether you can achieve it or not is a totally different question. Does it really count as "spending rainy-day money" if they're spending their cash reserves on buybacks? It seems more to me like they just have literally nowhere else to spend the money other than bringing all those dividends back into the company. Saying phones are stealing market share from PCs is like saying that shoes are stealing market share from cars because people spend more time wearing shoes than driving cars. They're different devices with different purposes. Phones are OK for media consumption but terrible for anything creative (other than maybe photography.) Converting the microcomputer into an appliance was (and is) literally Apple's entire schtick. "With MetaMind and Salesforce coming together, we'll be able to offer customers real AI solutions with breakthrough capabilities that further automate and personalize customer support, marketing automation, and many other business processes." They want conversational AI for phone support, cold calling, etc. That is the most depressing thing I've seen all week. I'm guessing you really didn't enjoy Guardians of the Galaxy then? The counterpoint to the "self-reliant Australian" image is the fact that historically the Australian government has been very protectionist about local markets and trades. There are strong trade unions that have lobbied to keep non-trade-qualified people from doing basic maintenance - hell, it's technically illegal to do your own plumbing: http://www.licensedtrades.com.au/licensed/plumbers (Edit: As in, it's not just illegal to plumb your entire house. It's illegal to replace a tap.) This reminds me of the Oculus Latency Tester: https://vrwiki.wikispaces.com/Oculus+Latency+Tester It seems crazy to me that similar things aren't more common. You can't optimize what you can't measure. > It seems like an easier problem, but actually, we still haven't come very far with this. I think to some extent there's a variant of the AI Effect (the IA Effect?) happening here. There are many ways that computers, through their ability to reliably store and manipulate huge datasets and to rapidly execute algorithms, have allowed us to do many things that would be impractical or infeasible without them. We tend to take those things for granted now because we've forgotten how onerous they would be to do by hand. I'm thinking of: * CAD tools (finite element analysis, fluid modeling, thermal modeling etc.) * Large scale number crunching and simulation * IDEs with code completion, refactoring tools, context dependent documentation popups etc. * The knowledge-base searching power of Google search and the like. All of these things allow humans to tackle massively greater cognitive tasks than we can handle unassisted, even if on their own they're not what you'd consider "intelligent". Even just pencil and paper have the ability to amplify human intelligence to a remarkable degree. Some of the people I went to university with even graduated with absolutely no experience in programming. It was rather disheartening. As a counterpoint, I've become far more worried about life in general since I realised that medical and legal professionals are just winging it too. Cloud have silver linings. They also evaporate or blow away without warning. But you can do something about it then. Why does a snake possess the capability to kill hundreds of thousands of mice with each bite? Why not? If it doesn't cost anything significant then it won't be selected against. Molten salt batteries are actually really good for this kind of usage. High power output and cycle life are key requirements, constant usage means energy usage for thermal maintenance is less of a factor, and the fact that it's stationary means energy density and impact resistance are less important. You need very particular geography for pumped hydro, plus in hot dry climates your stored energy literally evaporates. I always wondered how many captchas were passthroughs to other captcha systems, using me as a mechanical turk component. Hopefully an oversupply of solar panels will make grid-tied battery storage even more attractive. This could in turn cause a positive feedback loop, propping up the solar market as storage takes off. It irritates me too (along with a lot of other trendoid jargon) but these newfangled kids here seem to all use it consistently. Racing is about pushing the limit until something breaks, then easing juust slightly back from that limit. There will always be crashes, equipment failures, and things blowing up. This seems like a huge distinction that people don't make often enough with high-performing, fast-growing companies. You see it with Tesla, too, when people claim that the Model S is "sold at a loss", ignoring the fact that a large part of the company's current expenditure is in setting up huge new factories. It used to be that we developed, tested and polished software before releasing it . Does anyone else miss those days? Yes, there have always been (and always will be) software bugs, but it was at least intended to be used as shipped. We didn't release software with the stated intention of "ship it now, we'll patch bugs and finish features later." I'm working my way through that at the moment and so far it's pitched rather well (at least for my prior experience), describing things simply and concisely but still with enough background that it's easy enough to see where everything fits. So something to exhaustively generate trivial ideas in order to prevent companies patenting things like "one+click+purchase"? I have a feeling it would get a response of "that doesn't count" but I don't know how they'd back that up. And "entertaining myself" is not a worthwhile project? In a nihilistic way, it's hard to argue that anything's more important. "Go now, and die in what way seems best to you." - Denethor I think we're already past that point, if we define "provide for all humans" as "provide shelter, food, and clean water." However, "provide for humans" is a moving target which is actually interpreted as "provide a living standards not significantly worse than average." These days that includes providing running hot/cold water, range of healthy food, air conditioning, electricity, TV, internet, some form of motorized transport, health care, clothing, etc. etc." It's true that you can frame it that way, but I think it's clear that this wasn't the spirit of what he was saying, and is certainly a far less controversial message ("use the right tool for the job" is hardly groundbreaking!) I always thought he was speaking largely from survivor bias - "we succeeded, and we did X, therefore X must have contributed to our success." "There was [an instance] where a child was going to die of an awful childhood condition before the book came out," he said. "So we did the only thing we could do and referred it to the author to decide how to handle it because it's her story, not ours. "History doesn't tell the outcome of that sad story, but I'm sure it was a happy one." Poor turn of phrase when talking about "a child about to die of an awful childhood condition". O.o Existential issues are hard. You know what? I'd like a little extra time to work on them. Advantageous for species in general, maybe, but for an increasingly knowledge-based species, I don't think this still holds true. We spend our first 20+ years in training just to be able to contribute to society, and then only have 40-50 productive years left to work. This seems incredibly wasteful. I'd be interested to know how our species' life span has changed over the past few million years. We live significantly longer than other great apes, that's probably relevant. Look at it this way - if at any point in the future, we ever run even one simulation of the world at our current time, then our odds are 50/50 of being in that simulation. That's only extrapolating from our current capabilities, and not assuming either nested simulations or 'non-historical' simulations. (If we're in a simulation, but not one based on the real universe's past, then we can't even begin to extrapolate from our world to 'universe zero'.) As for practicality, simulations don't need to support a higher density of life (although they very likely will use approximations and variable level-of-detail to effectively simulate space using less resources than the space itself would use) because they have other advantages; you can pause them, take snapshots, revert to earlier states, branch, etc. Think of it as like virtualisation for the universe. Even though virtualisation takes up some system resources, there are still huge advantages to running virtual hosts. As for simulating whole universes being a waste of resources - if we're in a non-historical simulation, we don't even have any conception of what "a waste of resources" means in universe zero. Maybe our entire universe, simulated on a regular grid smaller than the Planck length, is as trivial to store and manipulate on a 5-dimensional universe-zero computer as a 1-dimensional cellular automaton is on a modern desktop computer for us. I disagree with "no-rules design." As a kid, the one rule was that after seeing the box art, you would be thoroughly disappointed the first time the game loaded and you saw the actual graphics. "It as common for the included film pack to be the only film that ever went in as the years whiled away with the camera in a drawer." This was because replacement film was so ridiculously expensive, you ended up 'saving' the shots you had 'in case you needed them' until the film went out of date. You mean like product placement in movies and TV shows? Because honestly that's quite bearable. Hey now, we do want 100% uptime but let's not get hasty. Ah, but I said "even one simulation of the world at our current time " which side-steps that issue. Agreed about the fact that too many shortcuts in the simulation might make it unable to develop or sustain life, but then we don't know when the simulation would have started or how much it might have diverged from universe zero by now. Presumably it would be intended to diverge anyway because they already know the outcome if it doesn't. Of course, while we can guess about this stuff, ultimately at this point our guesses are unfalsifiable so as fun as it is to speculate, we're really just shooting the breeze. :) > Saying you can endogenously experience psychedelic states by meditation or Kundalini yoga sounds nice and ideal, but it is only partially true. Even if some people can experience psychedelic states through extensive meditation, that doesn't make their experience intrinsically better. They're chasing the same experience as someone who experiments with psychedelic drugs, but there always seems to be an irritating sense of smug superiority from people who do meditate. Ugh, those people. I bet they think that "turbos don't make real horsepower" too. You seem to be suggesting that it's possible for someone to set up an organisation to explore and develop deep space commercial activities without a mass of funding? I would think step one in even contemplating such a gambit would be to acquire several billion dollars. Then, when you've got enough backing to look halfway credible (and hopefully some hint of an actual plan), you can start with the PR and business development to try and get the rest of your funding. I actually amuse myself during movies / TV shows trying to pick which items are product placement and which are just necessary props. I'm a lot more cynical of articles, though, and like you I generally treat any positive piece (even down to forum posts if they smell fishy) with a degree of suspicion. It's also a feature of copper wire. And bees. I've long maintained that TLAs have become almost completely useless outside of extremely tightly scoped discussions. The namespace is just way too polluted. Sounds... Stross-y. :) > X as a service allows you to get X with a lot less efforts. I think it's more accurate to say that it allows you to borrow X. It's very true that it helps to bootstrap your own product and eventually if things work out you can bring X in-house. My worry about everything-as-a-service is that until that point, each different service that you use is an another vulnerability to your product. This goes double for specialized services like AI, where unless you already have experts in that field, you're unlikely to have the expertise to replicate the service in-house. (Although by that same token, in this case without the service you couldn't provide your product anyway.) I'd argue that SpaceX was a bit of a special case. Elon Musk could probably build a deep-space asteroid mining company in a cave with a box of scraps. You're conflating "using an external product" with "using an external service". The third option is self-hosting a third-party product, which gives you the best of both worlds (reduced development cost and time, reduced risk due to continued reliance on third party). Given your tagline of "(C) Every science fiction author since Homer" I think you pretty much nailed it. :D Touche. The issue here is that race relations in the U.S. are so convoluted and have so much history that it's literally impossible to tell what would be considered "racist" without a broad understanding of the culture and a comprehensive list of past racial slurs and grievances. Witness the KFC ad ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaIhf41ctkM ) which was broadly labeled as "racist", despite the fact that the 'black people love fried chicken' stereotype is (as far as I know) only a U.S. construction. The logical (to me) conclusion is that people need to unbunch their panties and stop looking for things to be offended about. I don't think it's reasonable for anyone to expect an AI system, at our current level of technology, to have a complete understanding of every nuance of human pique to the degree where it will never do anything which could be interpreted as offensive by anyone. Hell, that's a far higher bar than we humans can hope to meet in today's 'outrage culture'. Wow was far more free in the early days. After about Burning Crusade they were under increasing pressure to allow players of all play styles and skill levels the ability to "see the content", which lead eventually to Raid Finder and gated progression. This ripped the last shreds of immersion away from the world and left the bare, creaking treadmill of "get tier X, farm tier X+1 tokens, get tier X+1, farm tier X+2 tokens..." exposed, which (for me) is what finally killed the game. I played Wildstar for a couple of months after launch, and very sporadically since it went free-to-play. They basically built the game for people who loved early WoW, and (IMO) they did a rather good job of it. The problem with Wildstar is rather like the problem with trying to get your highschool band back together. The drummer moved to another country, the lead singer has two kids, the bass player works shift work. Everyone grew up and no-one has the time (or inclination) to raid any more. I think a lot of people (myself included) loved the idea of Wildstar but just weren't in a position to make the investment of time and effort required to really enjoy a game like that. > I imagine it's because Google recognized the general insanity of the system, and presenting fewer "scary" permissions improved conversion rates. Because the way to fix "apps can demand a laundry list of permissions and users can only take it or leave it" is to sweep it under the rug? A sane way to do it would be the way browsers deal with location data: "App [appname] is requesting permission to access [resource]. Allow always / allow / deny / deny always?" The issue is not with people who strike it lucky in one year, the issue is people who invest in multi-year projects and then receive the payoff in a short time. There needs to be some way of being taxed over the total time spent on a project, rather than the time spent receiving a cheque at the end. Wow, that's crazy and ambiguous. I've never heard of "I'd" as a contraction for "I should", how do you tell whether to expand it as that or "I would"? This is akin to the fact that non-technical people (and, hell, even technical people) have no conception of the costs of software development. "My nephew made a Tetris game in a week, so you should be able to make a billing system in... I dunno, two weeks? It doesn't even need sound effects!" It's in a better place now. We can remember it as it was, back in the glory days, instead of the failed Harvey Norman wanna-be that it became. I still use the rule that my mum taught me: Take your best guess at how long you'll take to do the job, and double it. That's the number you tell your team. Double that , and that's the number you tell the client. Interesting. So to answer the other poster who complained about the use of pixels rather than "display units", your lower 'glue layer' could accept dp in the input and scale the output to provide density-independent behaviour? That's only half of the equation. They can't get more pilots by paying more, because the requirements to become a pilot are so arduous. According to the article, trainee pilots have to pony up ~$150k in training costs, as well as spend many years working in scarce non-commercial-carrier jobs. So in part, the solution would be to create more non-commercial-carrier pilot jobs, and/or for airlines to start sponsoring trainee pilots to make it more attractive (or even possible) for them to get qualified. There's "math knowledge" and then there's "math knowledge". I'm still learning the beginner stuff but so far all that it seems to need is basic calculus (ie. "do you understand what a gradient is and how to calculate one numerically?") and some linear algebra ("do you know what matrices are and how to multiply them together?") I believe you just called Rule 34 on The Thing. :S "But for now, the companies are largely powered by people, clicking behind the curtain and making it look like magic." Does this remind anyone else of the anonymous voice actors behind the Young Lady's Illustrated Primer? That's precisely the "issue", and it's only a problem if you make it a problem. The early-adopter and rapid-early-development churn is slowing down because processor technology is maturing and has reached full market penetration, so the market for new devices is shrinking. It's like a hotdog stand calling it a "market crash" when they've sold everyone a hotdog and nobody's hungry after lunchtime. The automotive industry faced the same issue a long time ago, and their solution was to turn cars into a fashion statement. You no longer upgrade your car because your old one is worn out, you upgrade to signal your wealth through conspicuous consumption. The mobile phone market is somewhat the same way. The desktop PC market? Not so much. Yeah, I never went in for replacing things just for the 'new car smell'. That's probably why I drive a nearly-30-year-old car. :) The point about your grandad's battered rags is that they're battered rags, though, not that they're old. His good leather jacket is probably still perfectly serviceable today. Yep, from what I gather STL : 3D printing :: gerber : PCB manufacture. If you're that low-budget why would you not just size the cavity to match a commercial microwave oven magnetron? Holy triple negative batman! Do you mean that nobody thinks the null article produces thrust? Or did I parse that wrong? Being cynical, the sort of people who give enough credence to claims of a non-Newtonian 'space drive' that they rush to test it may not be the sort of people who are also likely to practice a high level of scientific rigor. These devices work "more or less perpetually" the same way 1000.0f is "more or less infinite". Agreed on the semantic differences, I missed that one. > "What does the apparatus' measurement of thrust from the null article imply about the apparatus?" That makes sense, and I think it's a good question. Thanks for clarifying! I love the last one. "But you didn't say what colour it was, so I made it a red truck." Which version control systems are these? All the usual suspects make this easy - in fact I find git to be somewhat more difficult than other simpler tools like cvs or svn. Even ( shudder ) Visual SourceSafe offers this functionality. I think it's actually the opposite. The important thing is a short response time to the user - whether that's achieved by reducing the number of things you do, or by doing them more efficiently, is kind of moot. Definitely a big priority but still a secondary one. Your app won't affect battery life if they've uninstalled because it's laggy. This depends entirely on the person above you. I've found in the past that doing this just results in the person above me either (a) feeling threatened, or (b) relying on me to solve all their problems. Neither is good for career progression. Depends on what you're defining as "things". In terms of base instructions? No, all you can do is do less things. (Edit: Although even here, you can do different things to make the overall process cheaper - multiply by the inverse instead of dividing, replace a sin() calculation with a lookup, etc.) In terms of intermediate goals? If you have to process 500 objects, you can either find a way to skip some of the objects ('reduce the number of things you do') or you can make processing an object as fast as possible ('doing them more efficiently'). LinkedIn's "free trial" does this too (although they are /somewhat/ transparent with it). They send invites to trial their premium product pretty regularly, but in order to activate the trial you have to essentially sign up for the service, and then remember to cancel again before the trial runs out and you start getting billed. The problem (IMO) is that the tech isn't there yet to enable the focus on trying to be tiny mobile phones, without huge sacrifices in terms of battery life. No matter how good it is, a device in a watch form factor can't provide THAT much in the way of utility, so it needs to be as hassle-free as possible in order to be a net benefit to its wearer. I think in this regard the early Pebble smartwatches were perfectly pitched. Sadly Pebble decided to chase the Android / Apple Watch market instead of refining their niche, with predictably poor results. How is this in any way tricky? Consent is something the giving of which involves clear communication, not just something that exists in the mind of one of the parties. Likewise, consent can't just 'cease', it has to be withdrawn, which involves communicating the withdrawal to all parties concerned. It's like signing up for a phone contract, then deciding you don't want it any more and stopping using the phone. If you don't tell the provider then they're completely within their rights to keep billing you. Sadly, humans are buggy when it comes to assessing risks and their own competence, so autonomous vehicles need to be a huge amount better than human drivers in order to win out. I wouldn't be surprised. This is where a huge amount of real-world automation ends up; it ends up being much more practical to only automate the 90% of the job that can be done by a simple automaton, and mechanical-Turk the rest. Then you save 90% of the labour costs AND 90% of the R&D costs for the automation. A robot trucker will never do (B). The car put itself there and can presumably get itself out again. More importantly, swerving will lead your truck to jackknife and roll in unpredictable ways and cause who knows how much extra damage. As I've said before about smaller autonomous vehicles, they'll be programmed to always choose the option which is most defensible in court. I will be amazed if we ever see an autonomous vehicle on public roads which does something more complicated than "come to a complete halt as fast as possible while steering for the clearest area of asphalt." Pretty much every other aspect of life performs a bunch of complex, interdependent functions. It's hardly surprising that genes do so too. The future won't be a place like that by default. As phones mature and features stabilize, we're seeing the same trend that we saw with desktop PCs five years ago: Away from "must update every 18 months" and towards "my old one is still good and I like it, so why upgrade?" This reduction in churn and corresponding reduction in new device sales is great for consumers, which is why all of the large companies (MS, Apple) are trying to push the subscription model, to try and safeguard their revenue streams. Exactly. Apple is taking a leaf from the automotive industry's book, and starting to sell new phones explicitly as status symbols rather than based on new features. Expect new generations of iPhone to be much more visually distinct than the relatively subtle changes up til now. It's got to be largely a zero-sum game between Android and iOS at this stage. "And then, your honour, the truck accelerated and struck a busload of orphans! " "Case closed." (I agree but humans are dumb and companies have to cover their asses.) That's crazy talk. You must be located in Silicon Valley or Shenzen, nowhere inbetween. /s Open source software is a sustainable business in that you use it to foster a consulting business. Write something that fills a commercial need but is complex to configure, open source it, and then sell tech support to the users that tried to set up your system, sunk costs into it, then realised they were out of their depth. Open hardware works similarly in that you offer your design and then sell a reference build of it. There will always be some percentage of users who are attracted by the fact that it's 'free' but just want the finished product and don't care about building it themselves. It's a viable business model, it just doesn't scale the way closed-source scales. It only works when you're selling something new that hasn't been mega-mass-produced and commoditised yet. If you want to design something once then churn out millions of units, don't open-source your design. EasiER, not always easy. With C++ you have to know about all overridden operators in scope in order to correctly read code, for starters. No, of course not. But if any overridden operators do exist in scope then you need to know about them in order to correctly interpret an expression. Or are you saying that overriding operators is bad practice in general and should never be used? C has fewer "magic" features than C++, and so it's more often clear just by looking at some code what it does. I like C++, but only because I'm happy to only use the subset of the language which suits me, and I tend to avoid features which increase the cognitive load of reading my code. It's interesting that the author equates "Japan has very high labor force participation and low unemployment." with "No laziness or idleness here." The Japanese workplace culture of the 'sarariman' who spends 14+ hours a day in the office, achieving almost nothing, is legendary. Dammit I was just trying to think of a good way to reference that same book. It's unreal how much our seemingly unassailable modern society, with all its technology, relies on this one kind of plant. The examples that always come up of "stupid interview questions" in this kind of rant: Implement a breadth first search, or reverse a binary tree, or write FizzBuzz. Are these really such difficult things to whip up, off the top of your head? Is it really that unreasonable to want to hire someone who can do so? Yes, if you need such a thing and it's not immediately obvious how to do it, off to StackOverflow you go to find some example code, but these are basic "do you understand fundamental data structure / control flow" type questions. It's not like they're asking you to implement a theorem prover or something. (Edit: Whoops, I misread you and thought you were saying you couldn't remember the brute-force one, not the more elegant solution. Ah what the hell, it was fun to write. :) A recursive implementation of depth-first search should only take ten minutes to write. OK, here, I'll do it without looking anything up. Start time 8:55pm. #include #include const int WIDTH = 32; // adjust to suit const int HEIGHT = 32; // adjust to suit const bool WALLS[WIDTH][HEIGHT] = { // enter maze layout here, true = wall // this isn't a test of file IO knowledge // make sure the outer perimeter of the maze is // fully closed with walls }; const int START_X = 16; // adjust to suit const int START_Y = 16; // adjust to suit const int GOAL_X = 16; // adjust to suit const int GOAL_Y = 16; // adjust to suit bool search_maze(bool **searched, int cur_x, int cur_y, int start_x, int start_y) { const int DIRS = 4; const int DIR_X = { -1, 0, 1, 0 }; const int DIR_Y = { 0, 1, 0, -1 }; searched[cur_x][cur_y] = true; for (int i=0; i End time 9:12pm. So 17 minutes (what's that rule about estimating software dev time?), and I haven't run and tested it yet, but it should show what the interviewer wants. Because it's not intuitive to some people. Some people just don't 'get' it. The assumption is that such people are probably also not good software developers. I'd be interested in the amount of computing power per searchable web page. Sure, there's a huge amount of computing power behind Google's web services but I'd lay odds that it's much more efficient than it used to be. The internet is huge . I don't think you need a state-granted license to exercise a human right. So basically a traffic infringement notice is a standardized plea-bargain? Not to mention that hiring and training an employee is a significant investment. Losing a bunch of employees at once, probably each with some irreplaceable domain-specific knowledge, will cost the company in the long run. The server is the model and the controller. The client is the view, and marshals input to the controller. Doing it any other way is bananas. Pro: Reliability/longevity (your product still works even six months later when the cloud API provider has been acqui-hired.) A slight detour, but this always bugged me when Lois was falling to her death and Superman would catch her an inch off the ground. Well done, Superman, you just broke your girlfriend into three pieces with your arms. What about headlight fluid? I don't see a schedule for that. Unlikely. You weigh a kilogram more after the reception, in a month you'll be 30kg overweight so you have to take that into account (unless you set your survey period to end mid-reception when you're at your funniest after a few beers, so your d(sense-of-humour)/d(weight) remains above 1. ;) You could maybe argue that the actual practice of medicine is a human right, but offering medical advice to others as a paid service is certainly not. I didn't go far into set theory but, informally, it seems to me that for any given natural number N, there will be N natural numbers less than or equal to N (obviously) and P prime numbers less than or equal to N, and P Other humans are fallible and crash their cars all the time, but I'm a good driver and would never crash, so I don't want a self-driving car. > “I’m all for universal access, but not theft!” tweeted Elsevier’s director of universal access, Alicia Wise You want everybody to have access, but you don't want them to get it for free. Wow, so you want the entire world to all pay for the material you were given for free. Hmmmm. Wow, I can't believe those Telegram people thought they could get away with making up a name out of 'Telephone' and 'Instagram'. Admittedly I've never tried it, but from the description, the pomodoro technique would drive me mad. It often takes me more than 20 minutes (sometimes an hour or two!) to get "in the zone" but once I've got my head in the game I can smash through work for hours. The idea of just getting some flow going and then being interrupted seems awful. The only thing I can think of which it really sounds good for is boring, easy tasks that I have to do but really don't want to. What makes it so good? Obviously it works for a lot of people. Even worse, even when the hardware is all still perfectly functional the devices will stop working as soon as the company that sold them gets acqui-hired and shuts down the web services they use. To expand on your second point, I believe Google Maps is optimized for the user to be following directions. Labels are irrelevant when you've got a blue line to follow. In their perfect world you don't orient yourself with the map. You tell the map what you want and it tells you how to get there. Interesting. The article reads a bit like bro-science but there are plenty of references to scientific studies... I'll be curious to see whether 'cold therapy' starts appearing as a buzz word in weight loss treatments. Well, no-one would surrender to the Dread Pirate Craig. It's gonna get really interesting if/when neuroscience advances to the point where we can just read a passcode out of someone's brainwaves. I don't see any legal difference between the fingerprint case and the brain-scan case (both are measuring a physical aspect of the person) but it's going to completely bypass the fifth amendment. If you're not losing weight after cutting 500kcal/day from your diet then you were gaining at least a pound a week before you made the cut. The biggest scam that the diet industry ever pulled on the general public is the perception that "a diet" is a short term thing which you do until you're a healthy weight, and then you can eat whatever you want again. The second biggest scam is the perception that most people can lose weight without either doing an absolute ton of exercise, or feeling hungry quite a lot of the time. > Exercise has nothing to do with weight loss. Caloric restriction also doesn't work without consuming the correct fats to satiate your appetite. As you age there is no amount of exercise that will allow you to maintain the amount you weigh in you 20's or 30's. It will all depend on your diet of the correct foods. What? Every one of those points are wrong. * Exercise has a modest effect on your energy balance (assuming we're talking less than an hour a day - if you're running marathons then the effect is much bigger). You can out-eat any reasonable amount of exercise but it still has a significant effect. * Caloric restriction works regardless of your macronutrient balance, if you eat fewer calories than you burn then you will lose weight, that's not just biology, it's the law of conservation of energy. * Aging doesn't allow you to mysteriously break the law of conservation of energy either. You will find it harder to keep the weight off but by controlling your energy balance and engaging in regular exercise you can absolutely maintain the same weight you maintained in your 20s. (As a single data point, I weigh the same now as I weighed a decade ago, and 20kg less than I weighed 8 years ago.) It's true that sticking to a reduced calorie diet is more difficult if you eat some diets than others, maybe that's what you meant? > You can literally survive a military grade bio attack by sitting in your car. Unless you're being attacked with smog, this seems rather hyperbolic. I can't imagine that two minutes breathing, say, aerosolized tweaked Spanish influenza, would be 'safe'. Maybe if you were in the car with the system running before the attack, though? Maybe more like an autoimmune / allergic response? Works great if you have the right geography. I think that if given a chance, current AI would be terrifyingly effective at maximizing public support while minimizing accountability. It seems like the sort of big-data problem that's a perfect fit for modern machine learning methods. > You might not think of that as AI now, but that's "success" -- 20 years ago it undoubtedly was AI. As Dijkstra said, asking whether a machine can think is like asking whether a submarine can swim. And in the real world, nobody cares whether it's swimming or not, they just care whether it's solving their problem. Which all of these little bits and pieces of human-replacing technology most certainly are doing. A used car salesman who you spoke to once at a party and who knows a couple of facts about you which they refer to in every damn sentence. "Hey so last time I saw you you talked about nail polish, I've got a friend selling some... Did you want cheap tickets to a nail-painting seminar? There's a nail & manicure kit on Amazon!" Only it wasn't even you at the party, it was your friend that did one Google search for nail polish months ago and now you're forever The Nail Polish Guy. Yeah, these days I use a private window if I'm searching for anything that would throw off my normal profile. That plus adblock means it hasn't been an issue for a really long time so maybe it's better these days. I just always found it really annoying when I'd spend a couple of days researching a purchase, and then for the next month I was getting ads for the thing I'd just bought. I don't need one of those any more, I've got one! It's not because no-one understands the fundamentals, it's that we require so much functionality to be built in such a short space of time and can afford so much processor time for it, that there's no time to build everything from fundamentals. Thirty years ago you'd build a text editor or modem control interface into your program. Today you need to embed an entire web browser, SQL database, AAA-level game engine etc. Most 'trivial' stitch-some-libraries-together software built today would take decades to create from scratch. Engineering (no matter whether mechanical, electrical, software...) is the process of designing an artifact to be constructed out of available materials, which meets a set of requirements while minimizing cost. In mechanical engineering you design your artifact using off-the-shelf bearings, motors, pumps, etc. In electrical engineering you design your artifact using off-the-shelf cables, contactors, relays, VSDs etc. In electronic engineering you design your artifact using off-the-shelf ICs, resistors, capacitors, resonators etc. In IC engineering you design your artifact using off-the-shelf silicon wafers, etching chemicals, core/logic designs etc. It's turtles all the way down, and software is no different. I think it originally just meant "deep neural nets" ie. neural nets with more than one hidden layer. Now it's code for "I'm making magic AI, please fund me". > This is exactly what you get when you look into a crystal ball: a warped view of your local environment. I love it. I'm stealing this. :) Well, no, AI has always meant "making computers do something that, right now, only humans can do." Of course, the term only applies to work-in-progress, because once it's working, it's not AI by definition. > It was their first real test of Viv, the artificial-intelligence technology that the team had been quietly building for more than year. I think they mean "first real demonstration." It would have been tested thousands of times before reaching the board room. That gripe aside, the real test (for me, at least) of whether a service like this will be usable is whether it can run offline without uploading my entire life to the mothership. I won't use Google Now or Siri or anything similar because it would make my life (even more of) an open book to a single huge provider. It's bad enough that Google (through Gmail) has access to my emails, I don't want them having a log of my moment-to-moment location, voice conversations, routines, etc. It'd be like including your microwave in a map of restaurants in your area. Technically yes, you can get food there, but it's not the same. Yeah, I definitely didn't mean it as a downside to EVs, just that home charging stations are private facilities, not public ones. The smear campaign to discredit plug-in charging (and its lasting effect on public perception) is one of the most annoying consequences of GM's attempt to get out of the old CARB EV mandate (before they just bought off some politicians or whatever they did to make non-plugin hybrids count as "EVs"). Witness the Prius being sold with "you never have to plug it in haha" as a selling point despite the fact that converting it to a plugin hybrid dramatically increases fuel economy. Gah. I know what you mean, it's great to feel like you've contributed to the sum total of humanity's knowledge like that. And now my ego demands that I go check to see whether the one paper I've published is up on there! :D So don't use an Arduino if that makes it too easy. Get yerself an FTDI USB-to-parallel module ( http://www.ftdichip.com/Products/Modules/DevelopmentModules.... ) and set it to bit-bang mode, and away you go. Edit: Or get something from a different vendor, since as mentioned below, FTDI now has a track record of punishing their legit customers for the existence of knockoff chips. "Venerable" oh gods, I should go check my beard for grey hairs. I used one of those when it was the cool new thing. On the plus side, beyond a certain point Facebook is going to have to start investing heavily in life-extension technology for their users, so as to continue increasing the time that users can use Facebook. Wow, are they really trying to declare a dichotomy between "talented" and "young"? I hate seeing an accurate post downvoted. I mean sure, you're being a tad pedantic, but if you can't be pedantic here then where can you be? :/ Measures of central tendency all have strengths and weaknesses but the fact that outliers strongly skew the mean is one of its textbook weaknesses. I'm still surprised there's no active system on the barge to secure the rocket. Even now they seem to be able to stick the landing with some reliability, it's always nice to have belt and suspenders. I'm thinking a system with a pillar at each corner of the barge, pairs of cables between opposite pillars, and puller cables to open out the main cables into an iris-type aperture which can be rapidly closed on the rocket after it lands to keep it upright. Do that at 2-3 heights above the barge and it'll cradle the rocket even in heavy seas. It's important to know the difference: https://i.imgur.com/r6oEhvS.jpg?1 The most interesting work is right in the intersection of the two disciplines, though. :) There's a response crew? Like, people? Are they on a boat nearby? I may have misinterpreted "drone ship". :/ > I've found a way. So how you doin'? > Women are told to wear pink dresses because of how our society see women (female gender), not because they have a vagina (female sex). Really? I'm pretty sure a large part of any discrimination against women is due to their physical sex, not the way they identify. If there's one good argument for this reality being simulated, it's the existence of something as simple yet so darn universally useful as good ol' H2O. I think they accidentally a word. (My guess would be 'main reasons my computers crash ' :P ) Just my own singular data point but I've found that time spent getting the foundation right is never wasted. By the middle of the project, that early investment in engineering has usually paid for itself many times over in terms of faster feature implementation, higher reliability, and less time spent debugging and head scratching. Not to mention the quality of life improvement that then knocks on into better attitudes and motivation. Having made that jump over the past few months, I should warn you that KiCad has some very annoying rough edges. It's basically a bunch of FOSS PCB-related projects wedged together into a single launcher, which has then been spot fixed as individual problems got too annoying for individual users. Once you get used to it the main workflow is pretty alright, but there are a lot of facepalm-worthy 'features'. Each program has its own (sometimes slightly, sometimes wildly) different UI, right down to things like selecting and moving objects. In addition, the PCB layout component has three different selectable "rendering engines", each of which has its own UI and available feature set inconsistent with the others. (Hint: OpenGL rendering enables the interactive routing features which speeds things up immensely.) Information is transferred between programs via intermediate files, creating a lot of busywork to export/import changes. (For instance, to go from a schematic in eeschema to PCB ratsnest in pcbnew, you have to annotate components, run CvPCB to associate components with PCB footprints, generate and save a netlist, load pcbnew, and read in the netlist. Any name collisions with existing footprints will cause the conflicted footprints to not be updated. Importing/vectorizing images from outside sources is byzantine and scaling images after import is poorly or not supported. It crashes from time to time, especially in the PCB editor. Get used to spamming ctrl+s regularly. Also, the part and footprint library management is insane and needs a rewrite. Basically it's got all the ingredients for a great CAD package but it needs a single guiding force to turn it into a consistent, reliable tool. You don't have to hold 'm', you can just press it while hovering over a component. Just like you can in the schematic except the hotkey is 'g'. Or you can do in the OpenGL PCB renderer (but not the default renderer) with a simple click-and-drag. Oh and you can't undo/redo in track laying mode even if you're not laying a track. The user interface is insanely fragmented, is what I'm getting at. This matches my experience with C++. My code has improved hugely in simplicity and robustness as I've learned which C++ features are productive and which are just minefields. "This will be the sixth time we have reinvented basic programming, and we have become exceedingly efficient at it." The Architect's big speech in The Matrix Reloaded, where he's talking about the machines tearing down and restarting the Matrix. "But, rest assured, this will be the sixth time we have destroyed it, and we have become exceedingly efficient at it." It was from memory and so a bit munged, though. I had this tendency too, and I've found that it helps to explicitly declare the first part of your process as "start at this new thing and suck at it." Firstly, because in order to suck at something, you're doing it , however badly. Secondly, because once you have some results, however bad, you can improve. It's exactly like randomly initializing a neural net before starting with your training data. The results from the random weights will be garbage but that doesn't mean they're not useful. Why does JSON limit what you can build? Or do you just mean it only supports certain architectures because there are no options to specify other ones in JSON? Agreed. Zero tolerance (or 100% reliability) necessarily has infinite cost and/or takes infinite time. We need to be reasonable about our expectations for autonomous systems. That said, what's the likely accident rate for a 95th percentile human, starting in a parked car, hitting another stationary vehicle parked directly in front of them? There must be a few "accidentally put it in drive instead of reverse" type incidents but I'd except it to be exceedingly rare. The funny thing is that, for decades, there've been jokes back and forth about "if automotive engineering was like software development". Now we're seeing what it's really like when automotive engineering and software development come together. And it's sometimes really similar to the jokes. :P > I think autopilot confidence-mood light should be placed on such vehicles. This way you could predict what is going to happen with the vehicle. I think this is an excellent idea. Soft blue lighting (or whatever) while it's driving automatically, soft green for manual, angry pulsing red for "human I need an assistance now". It sounds like Tesla are technically on the right side of their own usage instructions... but those instructions /stink/. It's like the user manual for a microwave oven saying it "must never be used unattended" and "the user is responsible for shutting off the oven if it fails to stop when the timer reaches zero". > Good thing I was standing purposefully near a hard-wired e-stop. Good work! I always have a hand on the e-stop when testing something that could kill someone. And I mean a hard wired e-stop system using a properly rated safety relay, too... never trust software (even on an industrial PLC). Oh, I didn't mean for the lighting to be either/or (although I can see how my post read like that). I'm thinking more like the aura lighting on Culture drones - so for my example, auto mode might be blue, but tinged with more and more pink/red as it gets more worried (ie. lower confidence), a pulse of white if someone cuts it off, that kind of thing. Angry flashing red would be the equivalent of a human driver having a panic attack and taking their hands off the wheel. Eeeh I dunno, that's more like someone trying to take their P90D up a 4WD track because it has four driven wheels. Now, if it had a "low range" setting on its gear selector, then that would be setting up an expectation that it'd handle it. It's not about "ugly" or "difficult", it's about minimalist and functional with no frippery. It's hard to argue that, for example, HN is difficult to use. It just doesn't peg your CPU with pointless blinkenlights. (Whoops, I meant to post this last night but apparently forgot.) Stoves don't advertise any degree of autonomy. You turn the tap, fire comes out. You put things in the fire, they get hot and/or they burn. It doesn't deliver any safeguards but it doesn't promise any. The other end of the scale (if we're talking about gas-burning apparatus) would be your instant gas hot water system. It's got a series of belt-and-suspenders safety devices in it to stop it from overheating, exploding, or gassing you out if the pilot light goes out. It absolutely does advertise that it's an automated system which will do its thing without your intervention - and if it fails to do its thing, the results can be disastrous. So it's designed to be safe. The problem lies when you have devices in the middle of the scale, with devices that are designed to have some degree of autonomy but lack the commitment to see it through. Take my drip coffee maker, for instance - the manual firmly admonishes you to "never run the machine unattended" on one page and then on the next, explains how the easy-to-use timer system allows you to have fresh coffee waiting for you when you wake up. The intent is clearly that the system be used without supervision, but instead of engineering in the appropriate protections (and tripling the price) the manufacturer just put some ass-covering lines in the manual in the hope that if there's a malfunction and a house burns down, that protects them from a lawsuit. What if the vehicle is really drunk? Oh, I hadn't picked that up, that's genius! It's not just a parser of English. It's an English parser (with the sense of humour appropriate thereto). Well I guess in that instance Boaty McFloaty was automatically disqualified. > So if the company's top priority really was to provide a great place to work, then logically, the employees should be paying it to work there. Well, they are . One strong motivation for creating a really good place to work is to attract best-in-class staff without necessarily paying best-in-class wages. In that sense, your employees are paying you a chunk of their potential salary in order to work for you instead of the highest bidder. Great read! I'm curious about the last bit, saying you need liquid nitrogen cooling to detect the radiated heat from a human. I'd always thought some snakes have infrared-sensitive spots near their mouths that could sense mammals from a distance, are they just that much more sensitive than a photodiode? Or are they sensing something else? Wow, so instead of a photochemical or photoelectric effect, it's actually literally a heat sensor - as in, radiation from the environment heats the interior of the heat pit (which is cooled by the snake's blood to maintain a baseline) and it is this change in temperature that is detected? I wonder if the ribbonfarm guy could use a variant of this for his pixel scanner thing? It's confusingly written. In this context, I think they're saying that there's no general polynomial-time algorithm (edit: assuming P != NP, thanks chengsun!) to give you a path through a TrackMania track which will complete the track (as in, visit every waypoint in some order and then reach the finish). The volume of a cylinder with radius Z and height A is PiZZA. Good catch, and it'd be hilarious if such a long-standing problem were solved by some person trying to write a bot for a racing game. Knowing nothing about IC or CPU design, this was my first thought. They're there to fix some weirdness that happens when they're not there, and nobody could figure out exactly why it was happening so they just left them there. Kind of like the "magic" switch on the front of the old computer case that shouldn't affect anything, but the computer crashes when it's flipped. :P Hardware is weird. Dogfood, you say? I concur. I've only dabbled in Android development but (while a lot of things do feel well designed) there are some ridiculous design choices in there. The one thing I've found really annoying is instability of the API as new versions are churned out. New features are added, deprecated almost immediately, and replaced with entirely different things (looking at you, NotificationListenerService!) It feels like they're thrashing trying to hit feature quotas or something. Likewise. Pulling the rug from your entire application because the user changed the device's orientation is a braindead action on the OS's part, and the justification (that it 'makes it easier for applications to handle orientation shifts') is pure bullshit. You can relay a layout without tearing down the associated Activity. I think the real reason they did it this way is to make developers deal more directly with Android's larger philosophical choice of "the system can start and stop any activity at any time". Which stinks, IMO - it's fine if you're displaying a property page or an image from a gallery but is a terribly hostile environment to any process which interacts with the (stateful) real world and necessarily must also be stateful. Having gone through the death of a grandparent following a stroke, the magic words we had to use were "I think he's in pain." He was well and truly gone by then, but his body was still battling on despite that. Any questions regarding whether we could give him something to let him down easy were met with legally-mandated "no, we can't give him anything... unless you think he's in pain ." It took us a few rounds of this before we cottoned on and completed the dance: "Yes, I think he's in pain." But did you delete it? If you deleted it, we got nothing to talk about. Because they're open-sourcing an existing library? To answer the larger question of "why create a new library instead of contributing to open-source project X instead", the answer is that working on other peoples' open-source projects (if you're actually going to improve them rather than just throw more me-too mud at the wall) usually consists of cleaning up other peoples' messes. You're at the mercy of a third party maintainer, you're stuck with someone else's (probably terrible) design decisions, and you're dealing with a list of existing bugs and defects. I can't speak for everyone but just personally, if I'm doing a job like that, it's because I'm being paid for it. Wouldn't this be a classic case where you'd encyst the nonstandard code in a library, making it simple to swap out the implementation if required? > Or not, as I've detected they're effectively plagiarising someone else's work. Ideally, if you're testing ability to research rather than domain-specific knowledge, they'd just send you a link to a really good explanation. No sense reinventing the wheel. Apparently historically accurate. Also the irony of responding with an uploaded video of a copyrighted show owned by a major studio is delicious. :) You're a lot more likely to think starting a company is a good idea after a few beverages. "What does this mean for video"? It means I won't ever have goddamn McAfee Antivirus try to install itself on my computer when I update Flash. It's because they're busy implementing features and fighting fires on their big complex projects. If I understand this guy right, he's basically saying that the uncertainty principle is just a statement about our ability to measure things, rather than a statement about the actual reality about what variables (hidden or not) are stored by each particle. I used to think the same, and intuitively this still seems right to me, but apparently there's been a bunch of experiments based on the Bell Inequality that prove that we're wrong. This article seems to completely confuse free will with determinism. You can be non-deterministic without having free will, it doesn't matter whether it's equations of motion or truly random chance that pushes you in a particular direction, there's still no room for 'choice' in your resulting motion. I think this distinction between 'moral' and 'natural' inability is an artificial one. The only difference is where, between the chair and the center of the man's mind, the chains are fastened. If losing the master key (or the passphrase that decrypts it, at least) does not result in the data being gone forever then the encryption isn't worth much, now is it? I'm not generally a Mac fanboy but damn if the Time Capsule isn't the most it-just-works backup solution I've ever used. I really want to find a similar setup for my Windows boxes. Really? If you just take time to think then everything will go nice and smoothly and you'll always have spare capacity? Let us know how that goes for you when you get a real job. Just one example from the article: > rather than stating that either position or momentum are "as yet undetermined", it became common usage and popular wisdom to jump to the conclusion that there is complete "uncertainty" at the fundamental level of physics Can you explain how you drew any other conclusion from the article? The whole thing is driving at this one point. Which is funny because that look has only been used by MS for the past 2-3 years. But yes, it's their current look. :) So? Any generalizing learning algorithm necessarily accepts a large number of inputs (including some unintended ones) for each possible output. Humans are no more robust against this kind of attack than any other system - consider stage magic, confidence scams, NLP, optical illusions, etc. If you want a truly infallible system, then no, AI will never provide that. What you want is a magic deity. It wasn't always like this. The Windows API was fairly stable from the mid-late 90s for at least a decade. They decided to start breaking that compatibility in the name of 'progress' at around the time they started trying to squidge together their touchscreen and desktop interfaces, but this API stability used to be one of the huge drawcards of the Windows platform. I'd prefer to use a functional API with a few warts and limitations over having to learn yet another goddamn 'fast-moving modern' interface which will disappear within five years. Churn might be great for job security but it's a huge waste of everyone's time and efforts. The problem is that these sites start out as a small, useful service and then some VC with dollar signs in their eyes throws a few million dollars at them. The clothes make the primate, and suddenly what was three guys in a back room living on instant noodles feels obliged to "act like the million-dollar company that they are." Somehow I was surprised to see slimgur here. No accompanying reference to https://voat.co ? :) The service they provided DID include hotlinking from other sites, which was one of their major distinguishing features and which is why I (for one) used them almost exclusively as an image host. I can be sympathetic to the fact that their previous 'business model' wasn't financially viable while still being annoyed that they've changed it. Oh great, now those damn people with CDMA phones are going to be even more smug. :P > Moving from independent to employee is another one. I've heard/feared this as well, but in light of the statistics on startup infant mortality it seems crazy to stigmatise. Google is seeing the writing on the wall about web ad revenue and is thrashing around looking for a replacement cash cow. Reigning in their moonshot attempts is reasonable but I think they're throwing the baby out with the bath water on a few of these. I almost didn't click the link because of this, then remembered I'm on my iPad and so don't have ad blocking. Holy crap there are a lot of ads on that story. I stopped reading after the third huge animated ad. How do people use the web generally without ad blocking? Back on topic, the Vive's room scale tracking really makes the difference IMO. The Rift seems more like just a fancy display device, whereas the Vive enables a whole new class of experiences. Sounds like the Australian government's ongoing siege of the tertiary education system, when they were the last group to enjoy a fully state funded university education. Damn hypocrites. Do these studies show what proportion of those single mothers would otherwise be forced to endure some kind of abusive environment if welfare didn't enable them to get out? I have to agree with you here. I usually don't use an archive link or other shenanigans to circumvent anti-ad-blocking measures, if a site would rather lose a reader than allow ads to be blocked then I'll just not read the article. This one, with ads, was unreadable anyway so it's a moot point really. Deep learning is machine learning involving neural nets with more than one hidden layer. Because five years ago you could Google search for "picture of the priest from fifth element" and get relevant results, instead of pictures of priests, photo frames, and boron. Right? Well, therein lies the rub, yes. I didn't say it was easy to do, if anything I was just taking a pot shot at the laziness of using the term as a label for all of modern machine learning. I've been studying up on deep neural nets recently though and there are a bunch of very cool tricks (and I don't mean that pejoratively, I think real intelligence consists of just such a grab-bag of tricks), which make it effective in a wide range of cases. It's only a waste if you don't put the difference to work in some way. Owning a house outright is great (I'm 1/3 of the way there) but for most, a 30-year mortgage is no more of a wise decision than a rental. You're just swapping landlord for bank. I can drill holes in the walls wherever I want ! Seriously though, renting sucks compared with owning, for all those nonfinancial reasons you mention. Exactly. Something gives an advantage, is selected for, the organism starts to mould its other attributes around that advantage, and a feedback loop starts. Colloquially, evolution will take a new advantageous feature and 'run with it'. Preemie or premmie is used in Australia too. Likewise, you can post instantly if you don't read TFA. Does that mean you're a better poster? Look on my works, ye mighty, and check ye sperm count. Or just write down exactly what's going on, in a broad variety of modern languages in a nigh-indestructible medium, along with an exhortation to update the documentation if it's getting archaic enough to be hard to read? Maybe their clean slate extends to calendars and other time measurement? :P From everything he's said, his motivation with Tesla isn't to become the next Ford, but to force the existing auto industry to switch to electric. So while a profitable Tesla will be high on his list of priorities (purely because that profit enables him to work effectively on his other goals) I don't think he'd worry overmuch what the badge is on the front of cheap ubiquitous EVs, as long as they're cheap and ubiquitous. Machine vision is the same (or at least was before all this convnet wizardry that's going on these days). You could get something pretty good (say 80% accurate) in an afternoon, or something good enough to demo (say 90% accurate) in a week. Then it'll take you 6 months to get to 99% accurate, and 5 years to get to 99.9% accurate. And if you're analyzing one image a second, that's still more than three failures an hour, which is nowhere near useful for any kind of production system. It might be, but we'll never know at all, by definition. Isn't 'feeling something with your inner eye' a part of how 'processing external stimuli combined with my internal state' works? I'd take that a step further and say "defense not in depth is bad." Don't rely on any single method (mathematical, steganographic, misdirection, anything) if you want to be really secure. What's "enough" depends entirely on what you're doing with it and how much accuracy you require. In this case, 86% was enough to improves their batting average and so was worth using. If they were trying to detect pedestrians from a self-driving car then they'd need a lot more accuracy and so a lot more training data. It's actually a low power memory LCD on the Time, not e-paper like the OG. The notifications and caller ID features are great, and being able to control the media player on my phone is very useful when I'm on the bike. I think they strayed from the path with Round because it sacrificed so much battery life. It looks like Pebble 2 is going to be 7-10 days again though. Windows 98 SE was still around when Windows ME was released, that doesn't mean ME was good. The key advantages of a Pebble over other watches were always battery life and minimal-but-useful functionality. Take away the battery life and cram more fruit into it and you just have an underpowered copy of the mainstream smartwatches. That makes perfect sense. You're going to be best able to judge the quality of the dogfood you're making if you are in fact a dog. Sadly if you're not experienced enough to know when it's okay to break the rule, you probably don't know whether or not you're experienced enough to break the rule. That experience comes from breaking the rule and living through the outcome. I think the laundry list interview happens most when you're hiring to replace someone. My last job is having that issue, we were an R&D team so we learned on the job. They're having an impossible time replacing any of us because to combine that specific skill set you basically have to have been on that team (or its twin) for a couple of years. What they should be looking for is just someone with good basic skills who learns fast. Of course, they won't do that. Only if your unemployment rate is over 33%. Likewise, Kiyosaki started with a small amount of capital and made most of his early money haunting mortgage foreclosures and flipping foreclosed houses. At one point in Rich Dad, Poor Dad he gloats about making some obscene amount in an afternoon ($50k or so?) by buying a family's home out from under them and selling it. That's an asshole move no matter how you cut it, and I'd rather be poor than be a scumbag. Having played Warcraft 3 and a lot of Wow, and not having seen the movie yet, I have no idea who you think is the good guy and who you think is the bad guy (don't tell me!) So the games, at least, did pretty well IMO to create more complex characters than that. (Alliance thought they were the good guys but were usually racist assholes with anger management issues, Horde were superficially painted as the bad guys but really just wanted to be left alone, and generally behaved well aside from a few very notable exceptions). Also WoW is/was absolutely huge in China and their business model there is different (you pay per hour to play at net cafes rather than buying the game and your own subscription) so there's a good chance that many of the people seeing the movie have at least played some WoW. Edit: Fixed broken grammar. And banks have never foreclosed on mortgages unfairly, right? He made it easy for the bank to cash out at a huge loss to the mortgage holder. If it wasn't easy then the bank would have been more motivated to reach some agreement with the mortgage holder. Ah, the great flood of '76. Thousands of records were lost. Very convenient, that flood. If it bursts, then yes. It was a quote from the TV show 'Yes, Minister': James Hacker: How am I going to explain the missing documents to "The Mail"? Sir Humphrey Appleby: Well, this is what we normally do in circumstances like these. James Hacker: [reads memo] This file contains the complete set of papers, except for a number of secret documents, a few others which are part of still active files, some correspondence lost in the floods of 1967... James Hacker: Was 1967 a particularly bad winter? Sir Humphrey Appleby: No, a marvellous winter. We lost no end of embarrassing files. James Hacker: [reads] Some records which went astray in the move to London and others when the War Office was incorporated in the Ministry of Defence, and the normal withdrawal of papers whose publication could give grounds for an action for libel or breach of confidence or cause embarrassment to friendly governments. James Hacker: That's pretty comprehensive. How many does that normally leave for them to look at? James Hacker: How many does it actually leave? About a hundred?... Fifty?... Ten?... Five?... Four?... Three?... Two?... One?... Zero? Sir Humphrey Appleby: Yes, Minister. (Source: http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0030014/quotes ) Edit: Although apparently a similar real-life incident occurred when Hurricane Sandy wiped out a significant portion of an FBI record archive: https://nsarchive.wordpress.com/2014/09/16/archival-neglect-... I've got an Atari Lynx somewhere from about 19 years ago. It was a current(ish) console then. I imagine that this game is more the result of a 19-year journey in procedural space games than a game 19 years in development.