Google today admitted to the BBC that "hundreds of the world's best engineers" were indeed out of touch: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8517613.stm Enron. In the early 80's, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. The method was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. In an early 80s programming article, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. (He referenced the idea again in his recent book Prey.) His BASIC implementation was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. I hate the idea of Flash on an HTML5 appliance, but the article and (as of 10 AM ET) the other posts in this thread miss one obvious way of supporting this with no extra buttons/toggles and no double clicks, click-hold-clicks, or other unusual behaviors. If a user touches a Flash zone, show a cursor, and have the cursor moved by the iPhone's accelerometer. Tap to click. For elements such as the video player example, the cursor (just as on PC) can fade after time, and a tap or shake would re-show it. For most of the scenarios he mentions, using accelerometer to drive a hovered cursor would be a particularly intuitive solution. Sorry, false. We used this in 2003 for commercial purposes, as a way for Site B to verify the user had used Site A without setting a cookie. http://lastpass.com/ Gruber, almost alone in a sea of reporting, manages to mention Apple's action here may be related to Nokia's patent suit against Apple. So rewind a bit, to put this in context: - Apple accuses HTC of iPhone tech theft (2 March 2010) - Kodak prompts ITC to consider iPhone ban (18 February 2010) - Motorola seeks ban on US BlackBerries (26 January 2010) - Nokia sues Apple, says iPhone infringes ten patents (22 October 2009) One test for patents' validity is whether the company is enforcing them. With Kodak, Sony, Nokia, Motorola, RIM, and others suing one another as a business-as-usual step in licensing negotiations, the value of Apple's defensive patent portfolio at the licensing negotiation table depends in part on Apple's perceived willingness to stand behind the validity of their portfolio and enforce their patents. I'd suppose this is a signal to the marketplace not that competitors should create their own original technology, but that if they want to copy, they should license or trade. Sorry, I should have clarified that. I almost mentioned trademark law to compare and contrast. No, you don't lose the patent by not enforcing it. But you can lose the value of the patent both at the negotiating table and in the courts if there's a belief you won't enforce it or a belief you suspect it's unenforceable (e.g., if you seem to worry by using it aggressively, you could have it challenged, and lose it). First, as alluded to in the article, note the word "need": > "Perhaps it’s a by-product of the suit Apple is engaged in against (and initiated by) Nokia. Apple’s counter-suit against Nokia involves some of the same patents at play here, and perhaps Apple’s lawyers have concluded that they need to enforce them against someone like HTC in order to use them in their counter-suit against Nokia." Second, to quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "But neglecting stick licensing has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... When Nokia says Apple can't use GSM, or Kodak says Apple can't use picture previews, you just want them to withdraw those too? When they don't withdraw, will you just set your Mac and iPhone on a shelf till their patents expire, or would you rather have Apple jack up the price to cover licensing, or would you rather have Apple defend the products you've paid for? I don't see this as Apple's "first strike since Apple v. Microsoft". The handheld market went nuts and Apple's been dragged into an existing fray. Cross licensing among competitors has become a kind of CC hedging. Notice that the cross licensing spats involve companies with devices not software, explaining HTC and not Google. This handheld food fight has been going on a while. Apple got a few mashed potato splats to the face. It finally stood up and popped a tomato at HTC, and the rest of the kids realize it's standing there, now just a little ticked off, tossing a plump juicy red Roma in its throwing hand, with a whole pile more on the table. Asking for an injunction is saying Apple can't use Nokia's claimed technologies: http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Arguably, Apple's not a maker of GSM devices. "Apple bought the chips and components that use the patented technology from a licensed supplier. Nokia doesn't get to double-dip and be paid twice if Apple's suppliers have a license to use Nokia's patents and Cupertino's just buying phone components without dictating design." http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Anyway, "suing to make Apple pay up like everyone else" seems again about wanting to hedge against Apple's disproportionate profitability per unit. --- More context on Nokia's claims that Apple is using the technology in seven patents--related to user interface, digital cameras, antennas, and power management, and to create "key features" in its products--here: http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2009/12/nokia-hurls-new-sa... http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2010/01/nokia-adds-additio... More on why Nokia started the fight, here: http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2009/10/22/why-nokia-is-suing-... Counter argument (it's actually not sour grapes, it's just very complicated) here: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... > "No injunctions..." That's flat wrong. Nokia suit wasn't simply for past due royalties, and Nokia also asked for an injunction across a range of products, not just GSM. In their suit, every count says "unless enjoined by the Court" Apple will continue to infringe, and in Prayer for Relief, seeks a "permanent injunction" against "Apple's iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPod Classic, iMac, Mac Pro, Mac Mini, MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air." (I'm disappointed they forgot the Apple TV.) http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Nothing "standard" about the royalties in question in Nokia v. Apple: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Enforcement affects perception of validity and enforceability which can matter both at negotiation and court. To quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "Neglecting stick licensing [enforcement] has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... 1) First, there is already a better "browser" for Kindle: http://www.instapaper.com/extras Anything that you'd want to take time to read, bookmarklet it, and each day or week Instapaper compiles a wrapup for you, reformatted to be readable on the Kindle. (Something like "Readability", but delivered wirelessly to the Kindle for reading at leisure.) Instapaper has a live reformatting engine you can use on the fly for more readable browsing as well. This WebMonkey link, for example: http://www.instapaper.com/m?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webmonkey.com... Amazon should consider acquiring Instapaper, associating themselves with making things easier to read. 2) Second, Amazon should be fixing other usability issues with the Kindle, starting with organizing books and documents in something other than a flat list. At the very least, group books by author sorted by original publication date, so it's easier to read through a series of books by a prolific author. And do this intelligently, so Patterson's co-authored books still show under Patterson. For example, Patterson's Women's Murder Club series, by various authors, actually follow a narrative arc across books, so should be read in order. The titles have numbers, so this one is easy. Other series are not as easy. Anyone that's ever logged into their control panel knows the control panel can show you your password with a button click. If you're a Rackspace customer, you trust them run your network fabric and your hardware. They don't need your password to see what you're doing, but you may as well trust them with that too. Speaking of trust -- if your machine password gives a Rackspace CSR access to your app's private data, you're just as guilty as you're accusing them of being. You're not storing your private data in the clear, are you? (As for why they might do this: Most users aren't sophisticated enough to use a password generator and manager, making "What's my password again?" a common support question. Providing the "Show me my password" function in the web control panel means a CSR doesn't have a job reason to look at it. And even if they do, cloud customers already trust Rackspace support with the reboot switch, and for that matter, with the "delete this whole image and all its backups" button.) The teens in the local chain bookstore appear to be doing homework. It's the new library. > no misspellings. odd. proper use of punctuation. strange. I'd say the writer fails the Turing test That's depressing. Meanwhile, "[space]-[space]" rather than "--" for "—" is idiosyncratic, and since HN preserves original spaces in comments, ".[space]" rather than ".[space][space]" rules a few more of us out. Looks like badly formatted blog spam taken word-for-word from: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/04/14/microsoft_vc-1_codec... The phrase "let's see if they're right" implies a reward, but none is apparent. Voters need to feel they're achieving some progress towards a goal, visibly refining a dataset (zeroing in), or learning something, other than just the cheery counter at top right. Otherwise you're essentially measuring how many altruistic clicks till a person gathers they won't personally benefit from clicking more. The Fox News trope in the opening line sets the tone that this is not journalism, but an opinion piece. > "To date there have been security concerns and questions identified around mint.com." Journalism should avoid using "there have been" or "some say"; such phrases signal that what comes next will be an unattributed pot shot. The first attack is on the zip code requirement. "Presumably this means Mint.com ... will not be able to effectively send you email and text alerts." On the contrary, this FUD statement was preceded by an attributed statement from Mint: "Mint.com requires your Zip code ... to determine the time zone in order to send timely alerts." If you don't give them the right time zone, your alerts will be no less effective, you just might find them more inconveniently timed. As for the more complex assertion about categorization, that's because business names are local. A business named "Scissors" might be a tailor in my zip, and a salon in yours. Of course it will be hard to correctly categorize when the locale is unknown. Interestingly, when I reached the end of the article, I saw this reason was clearly provided by the employee, but not mentioned in the article. Mint wrote that the ZIP "allows the Service to provide you with accurate automated categorization of your spending by improving our ability to identify merchants both nationally and locally." I use these as labels to auto-file registrations in Gmail, and I've seen a few anti-patterns: 1. Reject at data entry even though they make me type it twice and they're going to do a round-trip click-to-verify. Too many to name fail this way. 2. Accept at data entry, convert it to a space (+ on URL means space). Pray that the login routine accepts an email address with a space (it probably won't). Tirerack fails this way. 3. Accept at data entry, then fail to create the account in other internal systems. Allow login using the +, but once logged in, data from internal systems is unavailable, and the portal errors in unusual ways. VMWare fails this way. Failing using anti-pattern 1 is preferable to pattern 2 (replace with space then fail login) or 3 (accept and allow login but fail to interoperate with other systems internally). After 45+ emails and calls about anti-pattern 3 over 18 months, VMWare still hasn't successfully delivered a VMWare license to me. By now they're on version 3 (a free upgrade if v2 was bought recently) but still haven't delivered me version 2 or 3. Next email, perhaps I should send them raganwald's article. // EDIT: Added Tirerack. Conceivably, if asked as a science question: "How many fingers does a gorilla have on each hand?" One might hear, in English, "Four fingers and a thumb." Otherwise, as a native English speaker, when asked "How many figures do you have?" I'm answering "ten". Needs to be a web server you have enough control of to set caching headers for the files in question. If you have enough control of the web server hosting your site, blog, etc., that's fine. For iPhone it's dead simple to turn an HTML5 app into a native app to get into the app store (see Bank of America's banking app which is HTML versus Citibank's app which is native). There are even kits to help with that: http://www.tuaw.com/2009/05/27/nimblekit-native-iphone-apps-... The point of an HTML5 app is that (a) you can use DHTML+JS to develop it, and (b) you can bypass the app store to deliver it. In an ideal world, neither the content owner nor the neophyte end user should even have to know, while power users get choice. We've been quietly offering a player stack for months now: generally HTML5 > Silverlight > QT > Flash. Customers and viewers are delighted when the video plays on nearly anything w/o any extra effort. ("How'd you get this to work on my phone?!?") Looks like our next step is using the HTML5 video tag as a placeholder for progressive enhancement though a better term for this use might be legacy enhancement. We want it to "just work" for most users, but let power users select the player that works best on their system (eg., hardware decoding support). Choice of player should be at least as available as choice of video card for enthusiasts, and preferably as easy as choice of TV set for anyone. This isn't HTML5 marketing, and proprietary and open are not polar opposites. HTML5 offers a new "video" tag syntax that doesn't specify what file container (think .flv or .mp4) or codec (think VP6 or H.264) must be able to be played by that video tag. Flash Player, Windows Media Player, QuickTime Player, and the like, are multimedia playback technologies that can be embedded in a web page using an object or embed tag, each with its own complicated syntax the web browser can try to support. The HTML5 video tag is intended to replace that generic object embed syntax with something more rationally video-specific. Meanwhile, H.264 is a compression algorithm specification, like MPEG4, VC-1, or VP6. Flash Player used to decode and playback On2's proprietary VP6 codec, which only a couple vendors were licensed to support. That was not "open" at all. At present, Microsoft's IE9, Google's Chrome, and Apple's Safari play back H.264-encoded video through the video tag, and Adobe plays back H.264 encoded video in its recent Flash Players. These companies famously compete, yet all are supporting the same video compression specification, suggesting it's documented enough and licensed enough to freely support. Having to generate an Ogg file containing Theora encoded video to make the HTML5 video tag work across the major browsers is a throwback to the days of having to generate a RealMedia, Windows Media, and QuickTime file. Web video needs to pick a format so the whole ecosystem can optimize around it. A careful reading of your link seems to support parent's comment. It's a disinfographic. And where are books? Copy says "less than 5% of retail sales" is online, and graphic shows sectors all at 2% or under. What sectors bring the split back up to 5%? > S3 ... doesn't provide any kind of protection. S3 offers privacy protections with the ability to require an expiring token in the URL. The theory is the web site should authenticate a user, and only generate a valid token for that user (for a fuzzy definition of "that" user) that works only for a limited time. > The web has made producers of us all. Not even close, and the imbalance between creators of content and consumers of content on the web is growing every day. > If the iPad is just another consumer platform for consuming and not creating content, then it will just be another way to watch TV or listen to music or download information. Convenient, yes, but just another device. The iPad is not a TV or an iPod. It's already a two way device. > To be something different, the iPad must not be just a delivery platform but a creative one, offering professionals and amateurs an opportunity to create a unique experience with interactive media. The device isn't creative. A piano isn't creative. An iPad isn't creative. The iPhone has Ocarina, or Layers, or Everyday Looper, and so on. There's no reason to think the iPad won't run such apps, and better. More importantly, most people don't think of themselves as "creatives", but there is content they do want to create and share such as email and photos or Facebook statuses. The iPad makes that easier than ever. iPad lets anyone easily express themselves to their social circle. PS. Speaking as a former Hypercard programmer, seems to me something as simple as iWeb can meet casual "info app" creator needs, while HTML5 + Canvas feels like today's Hypercard on steroids: http://www.canvasdemos.com/ > There is nothing software-intensive about creating a book. The hard part is typing it in. (If you don't have a keyboard, that is.) What about dictation? "Even novelists, working in a form so very written, have needed to write by voice. Stendhal dictated “The Charterhouse of Parma” in seven weeks. An impoverished Dostoyevsky had just six weeks to deliver the manuscript of “The Gambler” or face complete ruin. He hired a stenographer, knocked the book out in four weeks, then married the girl." From "How to Speak a Book", http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/07/books/review/Powers2.t.htm... (I'm amazed by the accuracy of Dragon Dictation on the iPhone.) > I argue that we are all becoming content creators - the content isn't groundbreaking - it's just that some of us aren't reaching an audience because we're just saying "Hello, World". Enjoyed your comment. Perhaps we're saying the same thing: self-expression, democratized. What an apt username! I agree. I hope the iPad feels as accessible as finger painting, albeit less messy: http://michael.terretta.com/an-information-appliance-for-the... This was a curious piece to read, since so much of computing usability is about getting a device to meet the expectations within its users' mental model. The DropBox comment and Xmarks comment, the "my writing tools" comment, and the "two desktops" comment, suggest the author's mental model doesn't match the iPad's approach and that proved a stumbling block. But the author is Dave Winer, "the father of blogging and RSS", who knows a thing or two about how things work. So is the problem that his preconceptions are well informed and defined? "Don’t ask for help from others on how to solve a problem. Solve it yourself first then ask for opinions on your solution." If this means don't constantly pester the programmer in the next cubicle, I agree. If this means re-invent the wheel instead of searching for how the problem may have been solved in the past, I strongly disagree. In my experience, the "best" programmers are the ones most adept at searching for an existing solution. This appears to help them solve typical problems faster, and all the approaches they're exposed to while searching make them personally able to more quickly solve a broader array of problems than those who beat their heads against the wall till the wall bleeds a solution. As on Fox News, for every opinion one can find a counterpoint. This particular counterpoint does more damage than good in the age of TL;DR. I'd rather read the writings of 'an educated person who knows they feel vaguely anxious and insecure whenever they write "however" or "than me" or "was" or "which,"' than the incoherence of someone who thinks grammar is pointless. I often see this counterpoint cited, but never its conclusion about "the overopinionated and underinformed little book that put so many people in this unhappy state of grammatical angst. I've spent too much of my scholarly life studying English grammar in a serious way. English syntax is a deep and interesting subject. It is much too important to be reduced to a bunch of trivial don't-do-this prescriptions." There's Drivers' Ed, and then there's Skip Barber Racing School. That experts learn more doesn't mean novices should learn less. So far, the live blogging is sounding as though certain types of things will use Apple code to run those types of things in the background (eg., audio streaming, answering events, etc.). Hopefully this isn't going to allow apps to just run any random equivalent of a tight loop of their own (memory chewing CPU and battery consuming) design. I'd also like a reverse chronology notification history that pops up from tapping on the click. A better analogy, since even non-musicians can hear the difference, would be Apple banning from iTunes any General Midi 1.0 song covers recorded using Sound Blaster cards with FM/OPL-3 chips, but still allowing music from Kraftwerk to Imogen Heap. Apps--or music--made with limited construction kits tend towards sameness: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pablum (In that sense, both Ableton and GarageBand could be considered construction kits, so perhaps a better analogy would be if iTunes banned sequenced music, only allowing music musicians personally play?) Who writes the checks makes the rules, and ultimately, for apps, it's consumers that write the checks and consumers that benefit from this change. Consumers don't write Facebook's checks, companies like Offerpal do: http://www.businessinsider.com/offerpal-coincidentally-repla... So the differences between Apple's users' data policies and Facebook's become clearer. Meanwhile, to receive the money, obey the rules. It's simple. Jean-Louis Gassée (born March 1944 in Paris, France) was an executive at Apple Computer from 1981 to 1990. He is most famous for founding Be Inc., creators of the BeOS computer operating system. After leaving Be, he became Chairman of PalmSource, Inc. in November, 2004. > Just think about it on an airplane. I could load it up with movies and watch for an entire flight, thanks to the iPad's excellent battery life. Of course, because of the lousy keyboard I can't use it in place of a laptop, so I would have to carry the iPad and my MacBook. How is it that, for years, I've pined for a lighter laptop, and now I'm considering carrying an extra pound-and-a-half just to watch videos on an airplane? Or, don't. The iPad goes with you into the seat. Apple's wireless bluetooth keyboard goes in your carry-on, and stays there until the hotel room desk where you might actually do some typing. The rest of your business trip, the iPad lets you reference things, make minor edits, show Keynote on a VGA projector, and keep up with email and news. (And for printing at the client's location, you do the same thing with your iPad you do with your "real" laptop: email the client the file for them to print because their IT won't let your laptop see their printer queue.) After a careful reading of the article, Facebook shot down developers/apps with Facebook in the name or using the Facebook icon. I would assume this is in response to the horrifically bad "Facebook Ultimate" app that was top in social paid apps on iPad launch day: [1] http://www.allfacebook.com/2010/04/fake-ipad-facebook/ [2] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/facebook/7560417/Unoff... I'd read the reviews to see how the 7th highest app had a single star -- all were excoriating. But people saw the icon and name and clicked Buy in droves. Facebook did the right thing by putting a kibosh on it and any others that might come up with a search for Facebook or spotted with a Facebook "f" icon. Apple is one of the ones that takes that accountability seriously, monitors and requires compliance from its vendors: http://www.chinacsr.com/en/2009/07/17/5713-apple-admits-its-... Year after year stories like this appear, headlined, "OMG, Apple's bad labor practices", ignoring that unlike Martha Stewart et al., this labor news comes from Apple's own audits and public reports. At the time, e-commerce had only just become legal . Yes, the number in your headline isn't formatted in a way expected for a USD value. When seeing a figure like "$xxx,xx" it seems, to an American, that the ones digit must be missing ("$xxx,xxx"). The bobblehead congress app was rejected for ridicule of public figures as well ( http://blogs.zdnet.com/Apple/?p=5203 ) getting "Tom Richmond, of Mad Magazine fame" a lot of press. Deliberate or not, this is a good PR stunt for the cartoonists to get coverage. The fart apps guys did this too. The process (submit app in violation of guidelines, tip off press, enjoy web-wide mentions and increased linkage) is replicable. I'm partial to the GoldTouch keyboards: http://www.goldtouch.com/p-133-goldtouch-for-mac-adjustable-... Because they're close enough to the regular keyboards, while offering both the split (match natural forearm angle) and the tilt (match natural forearm rotation) to better align natural wrist position. I also like that they ditch the numeric keyboad, so I can put the Kensington ExpertMouse just to the right of the return key and not have to move my hand as far. Two documents with two hands in two languages. That's one doc, hand, and language per lobe. That anecdote fits in this article's model. Surprisingly? What, people thought it could only be used to run approved apps? "This sort of app should not have been rejected in the first place — shouldn’t even have been considered borderline. Resubmission and hoping for a different reviewer sometimes works in cases like this, but at this point, there’s no way for us to know whether Fiore is getting reconsidered only because of the publicity stink. It’s possible that it really is Apple’s policy to reject any app related to political satire. It’s also possible that it is not. That’s the core problem — that we don’t know." — http://daringfireball.net/linked/2010/04/16/fiore-resubmit When you say "format", do you mean file container or video codec? Most people mean codec. In that case, Flash (and Adobe) doesn't have a format to destroy. Meanwhile, Microsoft's work in this area over the past 13 years with the WMV family of codecs has been extraordinary, coaxing more quality from a given bitrate needing less CPU to play back than any other commercially viable codec. That's why WMV codecs work on so many consumer devices, even phones. VC1 is remarkably good, only just recently challenged by H.264 encoding's most recent optimizations. Meanwhile, if you meant file container, Microsoft's recent player technologies such as Silverlight support H.264 in .mp4 containers, as do recent Flash Player versions. With all Windows machines supporting .WMV container and VC-1 codec, Macs still shipping with a Windows Media Player or able to play it in any QT app using Flip4Mac, Linux players supporting it "out of the box", and both Sony PS3 and MSFT Xbox playing it, not to mention most every consumer device and set top box -- if you want to send someone a video that just works, then .WMV using WMV3 or VC1 has been a decent bet. Your newer best bet for sending a file is .mp4 with H.264/AAC, which is played by Flash Player 9 Update, Silverlight, QuickTime, VLC, etc., and more recent Windows systems. For embedding in the web, stats say Flash is your best bet, but those stats apply to VP6 codec which looks terrible and most people don't know how to play locally and doesn't work for HD. So your best bet for embedding is .MP4 with H.264/AAC with an HTML5 tag, and inside that tag a Silverlight player embed, and inside that tag a Flash player embed, and inside that a download link for the .mp4 file. "The purpose of the presentation is to show the coming bleeding edge features for modern desktop and mobile browsers." Except for mobile browsers without a right arrow key. Speaking of doubling the resolution cheaply, see Apple's "iFrame" format notes: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3905 Apple likes 960 width x 540 height (see AppleTV), because it's easy to get to 1/4 1080p by dropping every other line and every other pixel, or to line double back up to 1080p from iFrame. Until a couple weeks ago, FoxIt Reader automatically ran executable programs embedded within a PDF document without asking for a user's permission. It was actually worse than Adobe Reader: http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9174612/Adobe_Foxit_e... http://www.downloadsquad.com/2010/03/31/using-foxit-because-... Make sure you're on 3.2.1.0401 or newer. Or, as you mention, switch to Sumatra: http://blog.kowalczyk.info/software/sumatrapdf/index.html On the Mac, help friends switch back to Preview as their default PDF reader after Adobe Reader hijacks doc mappings. Yes, blink was annoying even in 1979. His legal obligation in California is to turn it into the police, where it will be kept every bit as confidential as a Mel Gibson drunken tirade. Asking "Why were two completely different crime department cases in two completely different jurisdictions handled in two completely different ways?" is just glomming onto current news in an attempt to raise the profile of some other complaint. The complaint (her TRO should have been enforced) is valid, but has nothing to do with the handling of trade secrets investigation elsewhere in the country. I still want Lazlo Hollyfeld's closet. > The complaint is that if the law is the law then every case should be handled the exact same. If every case "should be handled the exact same", explain to the LAPD they don't need seven (7) divisions and could save tax dollars: http://www.lapdonline.org/detective_bureau - Vice Division - Juvenile Division - Commercial Crimes Division - Detective Support & Vice Division - Robbery Homicide Division - Force Investigation Division - Gang and Narcotics Division > unannounced seizure of a journalist's home and work computers So, buying stolen merchandise or trafficking in trade secrets is fine as long as you write a story about it? -- http://twitter.com/TheMacalope/status/12917912411 Quoting Gruber: Journalist shield laws are about journalists being able to protect sources who may have committed crimes. They’re not a license for journalists to commit crimes themselves. Gawker is making an argument that is beside the point. They’re arguing, “Hey, bloggers are journalists.” The state of California is arguing “Hey, you committed a felony.” http://www.businessinsider.com/henry-blodget-gizmodo-search-... Btw, quoting Gawker: "We may inadvertently commit journalism. That is not the institutional intention." From mine, HeyWay and AccuWeather use AdMob, while Instapaper Free uses "The Deck" Two examples of deliberately abusing this effect on a static subject (house and church) by pivoting the iphone while taking the shot: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3158/2421813332_3c36b3b808.jp... http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3187/2421813434_dbdc309901_b.... About Job's remark of hardware vs software decoding of video: In both cases, he's talking about H.264. An end user might not even realize there's a difference. But some encoders produce H.264 that can hardware decode, and some encoders do not. Not all H.264 is created equal, and this is one area that really matters. You want an H.264 encoder that produces hardware decoder compatible video. He did. In the very next sentence: > Apple has adopted HTML5, CSS and JavaScript – all open standards. Apple’s mobile devices all ship with high performance, low power implementations of these open standards. Not too many words there between 'JavaScript' and 'low power'. Out of curiosity, is your library on an external disk that sleeps? Mine was, and it seemed to hang while waiting for the disk to spin up. I moved it to an always on disk, and the hangs stopped. > I hope we can all agree that Apple has never really been an open standards company Show me this for Flash: http://trac.webkit.org/ Or this: http://www.opensource.apple.com/release/mac-os-x-1063/ And check out paragraph 2: http://webkit.org/projects/goals.html Fire up Chrome to check out how many re-implementations of WebKit are out there based on this open source and open standards base. > just a CTO with better things to do in his day than write press releases Like, make Flash work on a smartphone. 1. You didn't show the same thing for Flash. SWF spec in a PDF is not the same as the open source code hub for the web rendering engine used by Google, RIM, etc. 2. You didn't show the same thing for open source. OS X is arguably the family jewels. The equivalent for Adobe would be CS 5, not Tamarin or a Flex SDK. 3. You didn't show the same thing for the open source goals. That press release blurb and list of "partners" like Atlantic Records, Paramount and Lionsgate does not correlate to the paragraph promising to give WebKit back with BSD and LGPL style licensing, and listing corporate "industry leaders" sponsors is not the same as running a public chatroom and IRC channel for webkit. Don't fool yourself. All three, Microsoft, Apple, OSS, are there to do nothing else but survive in a Darwinian sense. The only way to be free of artificial restrictions is to be technology agnostic, to not subscribe to any one camp for religious reasons, and to simply use the right tool for the job. > "Apple's cloud will be federated" In a sense, it already is. A friend's Macbook Air SSD died. We plugged her Time Machine to a Mac Mini, restored into a new account, and she had "her" computer. Had been a day or two since her last backup, but MobileMe brought her latest appointments, contacts, and bookmarks back down from the ".Mac" cloud. She missed having the portable Air, so walked into a BestBuy, got an iPad, logged into MobileMe, and was immediately checking her half dozen email accounts along with, again, all her bookmarks, appointments, and contacts, because those settings were stored in the cloud. Plugged it to the account on the Mac Mini, and now had her 5GB of photos and 20GB of music. Three weeks later, Apple gave her a fixed Macbook Air. At boot it asked if she owned another Mac, and she plugged in her Time Machine drive. Slightly less than 9 minutes later, a reboot, and "her" Mac was back, again with every app and tweak. MobileMe sync ran, and by the time she opened her iCal, it was up to date. The hardware essentially didn't matter. "Her" settings, "her" data, were accessible to her across phone, tablet, other person's computer, and a replacement for her own computer, all with zero I.T. effort. Best part -- she didn't even notice this was remarkable. She just logged into the Macbook Air and started doing email, right at home, without a second thought. As for that little monolith? Maybe it's already here -- Time Capsule is an Airport Extreme with built in dual channel 802.11a/b/g/n and another guest WiFi DMZ, includes TimeMachine wireless backup, offers a USB printer hub, and gives remote access that also syncs to MobileMe (which stores documents and personalization in the cloud). It is not trivial for "a user" to change their browser. Watch this video: http://uxmag.com/short-news/these-are-your-users-read-and-be... No, his example referenced a little known fact about H.264, comparing hardware decodable H.264 versus non-hardware-decodable H.264. The iPhone isn't playing some other codec. H.264 can be encoded, using the same tools, in a way that can, or cannot, be hardware decoded. Consider the "definition" shared in the letter. Compare that definition to WebKit, then to Flash. VP6-encoded Flash video doesn't run on the iPhone, so that's not what he was referring to. I believe Jobs is talking about comparing two videos on the iPhone, with hardware accelerated video lasting 10 hours and non-accelerated video lasting 5 hours. You may not notice if you're not paying attention to battery while you watch video. To the sibling comment here, I'm not referring to profiles. I'm referring to the fact that various implementations of H.264 encoders produce content that, depending on the implementation, may or may not be accelerated by the iPhone's PowerVR SGX 535. One can produce a pair of H.264 encoded in .mp4 container movies, encoded from the same mpeg2ts original, one of which can use hardware acceleration, and the other of which cannot. (I haven't had the chance to check yet if Adobe's 'Gala' responds the same way to such files on the desktop Macs Gala supports.) > Flash works on my blackberry just fine, btw. Tell Adobe they could move their release date up then, since Adobe only promises to have Flash on your Blackberry later this year: http://www.blackberrycool.com/2010/02/03/adobe-on-the-verge-... http://crackberry.com/adobe-flash-now-arriving-blackberry-se... PS. Presume you meant Flash Lite, which is not the Flash discussed in the "Flash on iPhone" debate. Since Hurl.It isn't working, thought I'd mention a site I've been using for this for over a decade. Rex Swain's HTTP Viewer - See exactly what an HTTP request returns to your browser : http://www.rexswain.com/httpview.html on purpose by accident Does anyone have a reference for Amazon's percentage of physical book sales in the US? If you want to optimize, you're spending too long. Look into HIIT and machines that recruit higher percentage of muscle mass so your body can multitask. Versaclimber is a good one. So's Skier's Edge Big Mountain or Concept2 rower. ROM is overpriced and weird. You can get peak results--any more time yields diminishing returns--in 7 to 10 minutes three to five times a week: 3 mins warmup, 3 - 5 mins at max†, 1 minute cool down. Then walk it off and try not to throw up. Protein and creatine juice 30 mins before and protein shake 10 mins after doesn't hurt. † Footnote: Max means near your max heart rate. When you do HIIT right, you're going to feel like you want to die. Best to use Polar chest strap or other real time heart monitoring to track your zones so you can mentally coach yourself to stay in the peak zone. If you can't hit peak heart rate after just a couple cycles of 20s max 10s rest, your machine isn't recruiting enough or you're not exerting enough. He even gets them to ship ahead of schedule. If only he enjoyed Duke Nukem... > iPhone ... Crippled by AT&T's "broadband" network... Fast forward to the million iPads now sold in Apple's first month ... Relying on the same deadbeat broadband network, the iPad was one of the most over-hyped products ever launched. He thinks the first million were the 3G model? Most people I know who bought one WiFi, have bought more, also WiFi, for family members who scoffed, then tried, then wanted their own. (Granted, in greater NYC area, Time Warner, Comcast ("Xfinity"), and Cablevision ("Optimum") are collaborating to share WiFi hotspots. Your cable subscription gets you unlimited WiFi, and the hotspots are everywhere.) You don't just need a market. You need a business model. Facebook scale is not cheap. Facebook is innovating like crazy to figure out a business model that can pay for that scale. Received wisdom was that privacy was sacred. Received from early adopter tech geeks, that is. As Facebook matures, hundreds of millions of not-so-early adopters are revealing a different perspective: give them one stop social sharing that works for everyone they want to interact with, and they don't care. This offers Facebook new business opportunities to monetize at scale, and they're taking them. Although they're not a public company, they clearly do want to be profitable, with no qualms about "all your base are belong to us" in pursuit of that motive. You can't just build a Facebook circa 2006 clone. You have to build a Facebook circa 2006 clone that can pay for itself. Unfortunately, Gizmodo's letter to Apple doesn't say they paid for an exclusive. Gizmodo says they bought the iPhone: "We didn't know it was stolen when we bought it." A reasonable person would hand it to the proprietor of the premises. It became "stolen" when he walked out with it. I've gotten back lost items at the register of where I left them, or never gotten them back at all. This implies honest people turn things in, while dishonest people walk out with them. But look at the iPhone helicopter we just saw — why should I only be able to use an iPhone for that? Why can’t you do that with any phone? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to the web. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing people to write for a particular OS, which has a high cost to switch. What a silly argument. But look at the Quickbooks app we just saw. Why should I only be able to use Windows for that? Why can't you do that with any OS? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to personal computing. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing people to write for a particular OS, which has a high cost to switch. (Footnote: QB for Mac is not the same product or feature set.) But look at the SUV we just saw. Why should I only be able to use gasoline for that? Why can't you run that with any fuel? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to the open road. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing car buyers to buy SUVs for a particular fuel, which has a high cost to switch. Etc. This is the sort of thing markets decide. So you mean he's not giving them enough credit. To your point, perhaps flat rate encoding pricing is better for high volumes. Our flat rate transcoding pricing ( http://www.advection.net/pricing/transcoding-pricing ) is based on the idea of an encoding queue with bursting. Under the hood, it's a similar cloud approach, but more economical for those with volumes or steady encoding work. Customers--or their end users--can upload at any rate (volumes of upload sessions at once through gateways located around the country for low latency), or ship drives. The queues process at a steady predictable rate, delivering content directly to the network. In the course of processing countless libraries for clients, we've found they tend to have such unique ideas about the end result that a "one size fits all" web service often doesn't meet their needs out of the box. So, we also offer Windows Media (WMV), Silverlight (VC-1), Ogg Theora, and cross-player H.264 encoding, adaptive bitrate encoding for Apple devices, iPhone video rotation, automatic thumbnails, web postbacks so you don't have to poll, incoming files of up to 4.7GB in size, and arbitrarily complex encoding requirements. To your point about images + sound, for example, some clients supply metadata as XML, and using the metadata we generate pre-roll and post-roll video footage that stitches onto the transcoded video. (We also have a consumer service that bundles both encoding and storage into a single "per minute" price. Consumers shouldn't need to know about gigabytes.) > We feel pretty strongly that even someone doing 10M videos/month is better off using a service like ours rather than investing in a custom solution. But we're biased, of course. Speaking as a company that reluctantly made a decision to offer this for our customers when we couldn't find (a few years ago) an affordable volume solution to outsource, I agree with you completely. Given the rate of change and state of tools, running even an in-house encoding solution is likely to be a much bigger undertaking than expected. In-house IT staff would need to understand distributed computing, dynamic load based provisioning, web services software development, and somehow, blended with that, the black art of producing good looking video at low bitrates using minimal CPU time. Any one of these areas is a full discipline on its own. If I understand correctly, Posterous got funding, and is pushing this part out the door to Zencoder. That's a smart decision. Focus on what you do. The video industry needs more Zencoders and fewer people trying to do it in house. There are still far more backlogs of unencoded video than there are movies online. Agreed -- controls that reconfigure themselves disorient habitual users who begin to rely on spatial memory. Even the iPad's reflow of icons when rotated is mildly disorienting, even though each group stays on its own page. Ribbon bars and self-hiding menus do ok in focus groups for first time users because they haven't yet formed spatial memory around the task. Blur your eyes so you can't read text and you still know where the Edit menu is. You know where it is, so that's where it should be. Aside from the unanimous agreement in these comments that this is a horrible idea, I wish bloggers quit "loosing" themselves. > "I believe that it’s a healthy way of loosing control." Got a problem with incontinence? Keep it to yourself. Really? A while ago it would add itself back at render time even if the block is removed from your theme template. I think kyro's point is: if you're going to truncate a word, truncate following the initial letter, then you can't possibly form an undesired word. If you need to truncate the word, keep the initial letter, then use the "…" character (one char instead of 3). That lets you signify words as late as pos 24. At the risk of training people to wait. This one got better after they added snap to alignment in the latest version: http://www.ipadworkapps.com/2010/05/imockups-killer-wirefram... Agreed completely. An avid PC gamer, I suddenly, overnight, quit playing PC games after getting the Xbox 360. The gameplay experience was equivalent (the PC was plugged to the same projector), but the "hassle" factor went to zero on the Xbox 360. Reducing friction makes users into fans. In the article's examples, sounds like people wanting to accomplish simple goals, finding friction reduced when using the new appliance. How about, "Whose hardware? FCC lets Hollywood disable the jacks on 'your' TV equipment." (Not sure they're disabling "TV outputs" as Businessweek puts it, as most TV's don't have video out.) It's price comparable to Dropbox for storage, while adding features well integrated into Apple's apps and hardware. Assuming you pretend the web hosting bandwidth, email accounts, sync services, etc., are free and the only cost is storage, it works out to about $0.30/GB stored, already not bad for a consumer service. For me, instant and reliable multidirectional sync of any contact, calendar, and bookmarks data, across all my computers or mobile devices, is worth $8/month. I have "the same" though Google too, except it's not remotely the same. The contact sync is limited, calendar sync doesn't cut it either without a third party app like BusySync (which I use), IMAP isn't push for real time email, etc. Also, it's not free through Google, it's ad supported or $50 per year per user. Actually, depends what you pay. For example: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001AMLRU4 $69.42 / 20GB / 12 months = $0.29/GB Note: You can buy up to 100GB. "What does can't have MobileMe on my domain" mean? A number of folks I know use MobileMe to host websites for their domain and handle email for their domain. You do have to "bring your own" DNS. > DDG is an entire search engine coded by one dude in Perl. DDG FAQ: Q. How do you get your results? A. From many sources, including DuckDuckBot, crowd-sourced sites, BOSS & Bing. E.g., see http://developer.yahoo.com/search/boss/ ... BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is Yahoo!'s open search web services platform. Developers, start-ups, and large Internet companies can use BOSS to build and launch web-scale search products that utilize the entire Yahoo! Search index. BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is a truly open API with as few rules and limitations as possible. With BOSS, developers and start-ups now have the technology and infrastructure to build next generation search solutions that can compete head-to-head with the principals in the search industry. I think you're looking for this: http://devkick.com/lab/tripoli/sample.php?base=base&visu... http://devkick.com/lab/tripoli/ It's not just a reset, it's an attempt to be a "better browser default". Another sample, applied to an existing W3C page: http://devkick.com/lab/tripoli/selectors.php?base=base&v... "What we don't love is anybody taking away your freedom to choose what you create, how you create it, and what you experience on the web." Adobe, you are not the web. Your apps are not the web. And if anyone chooses to make a device that consumers can choose to use, they are free to not have your commercial software on it. Adobe, a few years ago you yourselves refused to release parts of your "Creative Suite" for the Mac. You refused to maintain feature parity across platforms. I was free to create how I liked, as long as I liked Windows. When you did that, my designer employees needed to switch their computers to Windows to offer certain features customers wanted. We resented you taking away our freedom, and we didn't forget. Adobe, today you are arguing to take away my freedom to use a device that doesn't include your commercial product, Flash. I chose that device because it supports installable HTML5 apps I can build with notepad. A child in Africa can build apps for my iPhone using a text terminal. I don't want that child to have to buy Creative Suite for a price measured in thousands of dollars. Adobe, you saying this is about freedom and choice is just like the recombinant bovine growth hormone (rBGH) milk producers arguing that their milk must be sold in organic markets. The organic market is free to not stock your milk, and I'm free to shop at a market that makes that choice. Anyone who disagrees can shop at the many more markets, and buy the many more brands of milk, that agree with you. Adobe, stop dictating that to be free, I must choose Adobe. If I want to view Flash on my smartphone today, I can buy... Well, if I want to view Flash on my smartphone later this year, I'll buy an Android phone. I will have that freedom of choice. Adobe's handwaving is confusing people. Analysts report more Android phones are getting sold than iPhones. There is choice. Your remark fails to consider the Whole Foods Market example. Whole Foods should be free to manage their own brand and inventory. Nobody should force Whole Foods to offer milk made using rBGH, regardless of whether offering it means people have to buy it. They don't have to, that's my point. An HTML5 app is a set of text files with a manifest (also text). It installs on the iPhone from a web site, then runs on the iPhone offline, complete with local data storage. Apps that install on the iPhone (including PacMan) can be made on the OLPC laptop, no Mac or Windows needed. http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/257187093/pie-guy What, you don't think kids in Africa should be able to write software that runs on the iPhone? I learned to program as a child in Africa. What's your point? It's not a complete non sequitur. The example was intentional because "most people" need to be reminded that $99/year and a Mac and Xcode is not needed to build apps that install to an iPhone. Also, text editor != compiler. No compiler is needed for an HTML5 app. An HTML5 app can be built using notepad, edlin, or vi. Check out that link. Extract: ... There’s no easier way to get an app than by installing it right from its website - that’s right, easier than the App Store. One tap and you’re set. Because it’s a web app, see. Not one of those where you need to be online either - once you add Pie Guy to your home screen, it’ll run even when you’re not connected to the Internet. And of course, your game will be saved to a local database. Read on... Here's an example tutorial targeting web developers: http://sixrevisions.com/web-development/html5-iphone-app/ On the contrary, I deliberately selected this example because the farmers using hormones to mass produce milk fast have successfully lobbied to force the organic milk farmers to label their organic milk saying "There's no proof the hormone milk is bad." It's the same argument here. The hormones accelerate milk production, like the cross-platform dev tools, and the end result is claimed to be the same, like you just claimed. Defensiveness about production methods and indistinguishable product still don't mean Whole Foods has to stock milk made that way. > Not having software available at all on an OS platform isn't choice. You choose the OS platform. And if this is the argument, why aren't people complaining that Windows doesn't run OSX apps, or that the PS3 doesn't run Xbox 360 games? I think reasonable people understand the platform is the place they make a choice. > A supermarket is not an OS platform, but to continue abusing the analogy, Whole Foods bananas refusing to work in the same meal as Tesco milk would be Strange and Wrong. A supermarket absolutely is a platform, an architecture and framework for food distribution, distinguished from competing platforms by philosophy, branding, and positioning. We're talking about the goods a store offers for sale, and the store's right to decide what goods to carry. We've established that production methodology is a widely accepted criterion for a store carrying or rejecting a good. The platform determines the goods offered, and the consumer chooses the platform. Section 101 of the Copyright Laws defines a “work made for hire” as: 1. a work prepared by an employee within the scope of his or her employment; or ... So, what's an employee? Startups, and developers working for startups, should read about a recent case that tilts in the startup's favor: http://www.sonnenschein.com/pubs/clientalerts/JustMed_Inc_v_... // Submitted this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1344996 Sequencing the captures as shown in your video is a great idea--allows the person making the screenshots to stay in storytelling flow. After that, I find the easy publishing, commenting, and one click round trip annotation features of Skitch to be extremely compelling: http://skitch.com/ For the part that comes after taking the screenshot, Skitch offers a particularly slick workflow without the separate Preview app. Since both your app and Skitch allow one click capturing with a history of captures, perhaps you could emphasize the storytelling aspect of your approach. Maybe they own the mindshare for annotated image discussions, but you own the category of screenshot sequences. Ideas: Eliminate subsequent capture button clicks until clicking Done. Drag to select and snap, use a key to switch between marquee rectangle and gui control? Show frames as a filmstrip while capturing. Flow the other commenting and annotation steps. PS. It's a different situation, but just yesterday I had to crop a dozen very high resolution JPEGs into 3 or 4 separate images each, and was disappointed that Preview couldn't just mark all the crops I wanted at once. Maybe yours could allow multiple rectangles at once, then "screenshot" them all at once. Thoroughly enjoyed this Hacker news -- loved the analog/digital blend of audio, oscillator, circuit board, and micro-controller code to understand and emulate the original. You know, ComicZeal on my iPad shows violence and adult situations just fine. It also shows Tintin, which for some, could be even more disturbing. In my haste to up vote this, I accidentally down voted. We've handled a couple hundred thousand support tickets in RT, some of them hundreds of interactions long, and it's still scaling happily. Using email for support is liberating and using the web interface is phenomenal too. Can't complain about the licensing, but you'll definitely want someone who knows Perl and or the O'Reilly book. Did you ever make someone a mix tape off the radio? And why were record labels so anxious to stream for free over the airwaves they got themselves in trouble? It's not a computer, it's a console. Replay the comparison, but versus Sony and Nintendo. I have a Kindle DX. Love it for reading research PDFs from start to finish. I had also figured it would be fantastic to shrink the shelf space for tech books, and always have those books at hand. Big downside that doesn't hit you till you try to use it for this purpose: the e-ink can't page flip fast enough to be useful. Readers on the iPad (iBooks, even Kindle app) don't have this issue. I read all books in order as well. I prefer e-readers (Sony Reader, Kindle DX, iPad) because I read at the speed of about one airport novel per hour, meaning I need five books for a cross country flight. It's easier to carry these electronically, and I keep a backlog of 50 - 70 books available to read. For computer books, such as the jQuery Cookbook I purchased yesterday from O'Reilly in this sale, I will also read each one from cover to cover. With that reading I form a visual spatial memory of where in the book I can find any information I need. My memory is not eidetic. I can't read the actual words, and I don't remember every page number. But I do know about how deep in the book, left or right page, and where on the page to look, so I can usually find a needed reference within a half dozen page turns. With e-readers, this is fuzzier. The "where in the book" depends on the progress bar, and there's no left or right to halve the search, so takes at least 10 - 20 page turns instead. These page turns are SLOOOOOW. On the iPad, page turns are many times faster. So, finding reference material in a thick reference book that I cognitively mapped on the iPad is commensurately faster. > it works for multiple books FYI: Looks like ordering multiple books created issues getting delivery of yesterday's purchases. I also lost the discount after checkout. Today's order pricing isn't what was reflected at checkout. Today the two titles I bought in two orders are listed as "registered" under the registered books area. Order status on both orders reflects "BOOKED", but shipped is 0, download link is not active, and the books are not listed in the downloads section. One purchase shows the discount, the other reflects full price without discount. An email to O'Reilly auto-responded with this: > Thank you for contacting O'Reilly Media Customer Service. We are experiencing a very heavy volume of orders due to our recent promotion. This is affecting the delivery and access of your electronic media. Please be patient and keep checking your account. TL;DR: Buyers should double-check orders to see what was actually charged. Steven Frank of well known Mac development house "Panic" blogged about the details lost trying to sync contacts through Google instead of MobileMe: http://stevenf.tumblr.com/post/618349003/here-are-some-thing... His summary: "If you’re contemplating this change, I highly recommend setting aside a few hours for research first. You may be unpleasantly surprised." Some more issues are discussed in today's TUAW article, "Sync Wars: Address Book vs. Google Contacts": http://www.tuaw.com/2010/05/22/address-book-vs-google-contac... The "UI Norm" is a broken attempt to reconcile hiding typed characters with being sure it was typed right. It fails this test if the user typos the same way twice. The method of showing each typed character as it is typed, then changing it to •, allows a single field to provide privacy and be sure each character was typed right. "To compete with Fox, Time Warner has to make HBO free." On the contrary, these products have different business models that intentionally appeal to different markets. For example, you can't walk into a Google Store at the mall and have someone help you get your Windows 7 laptop and iPhone talking to each other. Also, if you offer people free coffee versus coffee marked down to a dollar from five dollars, many people will choose the coffee for a buck. People like to value things, and having paid for something invests them in valuing its utility. I agree with Loukides' premise--I commented yesterday that Fox and HBO have different business models, and there's clearly room for both. What Mike Loukides overlooks while discovering that HTML5 is important is that initially "developers" complained when Apple, and Jobs, said "to put your apps on the iPhone, use HTML5". The iPhone was released without an Objective C SDK. Developers didn't want to make HTML5 apps, begged for the Objective C SDK, and we got what we asked for. Apple doesn't need to be persuaded about HTML5, developers do. A majority of the apps on my iPhone would work just fine as HTML5 apps. HTML5 apps on the iPhone are true citizens. They are installable from the web (no app store required). They are stored on the iPhone and run offline. They use persistent storage. You can even program games: > "And there’s no easier way to get an app than by installing it right from its website - that’s right, easier than the App Store. One tap and you’re set. Because it’s a web app, see. Not one of those where you need to be online either - once you add Pie Guy to your home screen, it’ll run even when you’re not connected to the Internet. And of course, your game will be saved to a local database. Read on." http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/257187093/pie-guy Write once run anywhere HTML5 is nearly within reach largely thanks to the ubiquity of WebKit. Apple made WebKit truly "open", its openness driving adoption as a core technology across multiple devices. Adobe's Flash runtime being bundled in Chrome isn't the same sort of open, so Adobe has some work to do to put Flash everywhere. However, I'd prefer Adobe sort out how to let their same developer tools generate HTML5 apps built for each phone. That's the right kind of open: Adobe's tools would generate the same readable text files a human can with notepad, but the tools become worth buying as a productivity booster, not as the way to publish opaque files to a proprietary plugin. Ok, but if you want to sell in Apple's store, well, it's their store. Drafting behind a brand comes with some caveats that are up to the guy driving. O'Reilly is catching up, and fixing order discounts too: _____________________ I apologize for the delay in getting back to you. I checked your account and you now have access. You can download your ebook here: https://members.oreilly.com/account/emedia There were issues with our servers on Friday due to high loads, and we've been working to make sure everyone received the content they purchased. We have refunded you the amount that you would have saved if the discount code was applied to one of your orders. Please allow 5-7 business days for the credit to appear on your statement. Thank you again for your orders and for your understanding. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Best Regards, O'Reilly Media Customer Service _____________________ Thanks, O'Reilly. > Well, if your world-view contains only OSX and Windows. OSX and Windows and any OS that does WebDAV. iDisk is WebDAV. It's a ... wait for it ... "open standard". Even on Mac if you don't like the iDisk client, use any other WebDAV client you like. I see all the iDisk hate in these threads and I wonder about people paying lip service to open standards on the one hand, while pushing proprietary solutions and dissing open standards on the other. I love Ubuntu too, and I think it's awesome that iDisk works for it. It's cool seeing that awesomeness was built into iDisk, since Apple is using open standards for their online storage. Same for iDisk. That's why Apple implemented it with WebDAV. Anyone can access iDisk from any OS using an open standard client, and iDisk URLs can be replaced with open standard storage URLs, no proprietary platform or API needed. After enough of these articles, I'm fairly sure they did it for the page views. The $2,000/hour * 10 hours example shows flawed customer thinking. A guarantee involving cash payback puts too much responsibility on the hosting provider, and not enough on the customer. A customer is responsible for establishing the appropriate redundancy for his business. If his business uptime is so incredibly vital, generating $2,000 an hour, then $1,000 in hosting a month is a ridiculously low investment. Google's MSA offers credits in the form of days of additional hosting service for moments of service unreachability. This is a guarantee that puts the burden of service where it should be. Google is responsible for providing a service. If they don't, they'll do much more of the same work for the customer at Google's cost. And the service is what it is. Google doesn't want to have to give away services, so they try to make it work. But the customer is responsible for choosing commercially appropriate levels of hosting and replication and redundancy. Only the customer can decide how bulletproof he wants it to be, at what cost. Frankly, online hosting customers should operate as though there is no hosting guarantee at all, and plan their web business bulletproofing costs according to their appetite for dealing with the reality that the Internet breaks. Also, I haven't found any way to do a search then delete particular messages without deleting the whole conversation. Anyone know how to do a search w/o pulling in conversations, and/or delete selected search results without deleting whole threads? At present, I resort to IMAP. // Over 150,000 messages per mail box, working on my third mail box. Out of curiosity, why? Does your cost calculation include opportunity cost of time? If Google does it well, why would you want to spend your time on duplicating that instead of spending your time on your own original skill? I recommend using Gmail (ideally, Google Apps for Your Domain) as your primary, and using an IMAP sync tool to back it up to something not owned by Google. With some a hundred employee accounts in Gmail for the past several years, I'd say it's been more reliable than the local electric company. We've never needed customer service from Google for Gmail. We're all engineers, but we have better things to do than run email servers. Email is a problem we can happily consider "solved". His test also considers the % sign invalid, yet I've both sent and received email that required the % for the mail to be routed/relayed correctly (think "in care of" or c/o). Granted, that was 17 years ago, but who's to say it's not in use somewhere? For an even better "window on the web" experience, grab the "iCab" browser. For reading Hacker News, switch on the "open links to different domains in background tab" option. In addition to desktop style tabs, it also offers "offline" mode caching (visited pages are saved to a local cache so they work when you tab back to them or re-run the app, even if you've gone offline), ad blocking, and more. This one is excellent, in that it allows free download to the device of multiple versions (and language), with instant switching among them: http://referenceapps.com/bible-hd-iphone-app-review/ Kindle / iBook is for reading page by page. A good bible program has many methods of jumping around as reference material. Funny how often "lap"-tops stay on the table. Maybe the iPad is the first actual laptop. 1. IM+ has chat (every major IM system) and web browser in the same app. 2. Multitasking is just another word for accomplishing less, but more slowly. > 2. Thanks for repeating something you read on the internet in a patronizing way You read it here first, since I composed it. Google it. Reminds me of Grape which I liked, even if it is still vaporware: http://www.tayasui.com/Grape.html The design concept: http://www.tayasui.com/Grape_design.html No, it was based on the parent poster being mistaken. > "The issue I have with the iPad is you can't really chat with friends online and do anything else at the same time" You can chat with friends online and do something else at the same time: surf the web. The IM+ client for iPad has a browser built in, allowing both to happen at the same time. Additionally, since IM+ and BeejiveIM support push, whenever you're not actively typing, you can simply quit the app and do anything else. When someone replies, you see the message without interrupting what you're doing. If you click "View" to type back, it does interrupt. By contrast, the IM+ built-in browser doesn't interrupt. Also, I'm not sure "IM+ sucks" is an accurate or helpful statement. He doesn't like IM+, which is his right, but the user ratings are quite high. I use BeejiveIM for its meta-contacts grouping, but occasionally appreciate IM+'s integrated web browser. Even though I prefer BeejiveIM, it's not clear that IM+ actually sucks. In any case, on the iPad, you can chat with friends online and do something else at the same time. BestBuy iPads came with a yellow sticker limiting to 14 days, not 30. Quite a lot of folks use 3G at work to avoid monitoring and/or the corporate firewall. You can use other GSM providers with the iPad, it's not locked to AT&T. > Apple won't let you anywhere near the iPad file system... Actually, Apple lets developers right in, so they can release solutions like PadSync: Enter Ecamm. The company, well known for its Mac and iPhone utilities, has released the first version of its PadSync tool. PadSync, which retails for $9.95, offers direct access to your iPad Documents folders from a desktop Mac application. As the gallery here shows, your shared files are accessible on an app-by-app basis. Double-click on a Word file, and you can open it in Microsoft Word, edit it, and save it back. Updates on the Mac instantly sync back to the iPad -- with one exception. Ecamm is still working on subfolder support, such as the Inbox that's created by the 3.2-and-later document sharing classes. Beyond that, PadSync offers all the instant synchronization you could wish for. Oh, and don't forget my favorite feature: since files are mirrored as well as synced on the Mac, you can access those files and queue up new ones even when the iPad is not connected to the Mac. http://www.tuaw.com/2010/06/07/ecamm-introduces-ipad-documen... Set your margins the way you like them: http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ Design the page for you, not for the ads. Nice thing is you click the clock logo in your menu bar, "Enter Time Machine", and drag your Safari 4 icon from an hour ago right back where you want it. // EDIT: I see below you mention MSIEXEC. So never mind. There's an implied social contract in the phrase "do no evil": use our stuff, and we won't #*!$ you over. http://www.google.com/corporate/tenthings.html This background image breaks at least the first 3 of these 10 things. I like Marco's proposed solution, because polling is an easily abstracted or generalized operation. Pooling app polling would save a tremendous amount of setup and teardown time. I also like his idea of iOS only allowing polling when signal is above a threshold. Data requests while in marginal coverage chew battery at an extraordinary rate. Changing my Fetch frequency on 3 mail accounts from 15 mins to 60 mins more than doubled battery life. ReMail approached this by setting a timer to remind the user to launch the app and download mail to index. The data load for checking mail with arbitrary attachment sizes is considerably more than what Marco's talking about. I'd bet the data transfer problem is something Apple considered. Even for small data sets, using data continually adds up. After getting their first data bill, users might prefer to be manually in charge of their data usage. Brought to you by a Flash animation shop[1] in Amsterdam with clearly no dog in this hunt. [1] Sorry, "multimedia studio": http://www.lollibomb.com/ They gave me mine back. It's useless without a unique ribbon connector though. Think clipboard versus Olivetti. Netbooks have half the screen and a fraction of the navigation and presentation usability for this particular scenario. As owner of both types of devices, I'd venture that the on screen keyboard on the iPad is at least as touch-type-able as the miniature netbook keyboards. Also, Penultimate with its wrist rest detection suggests what domain specific charting software could be like. > "that affected some of our customers with AT&T 3G service for iPad" The way AT&T's whole email is worded seems as though AT&T went to great lengths to avoid clarifying if your particular email was stolen. Looks to me like the results all include short URLs (bit.ly, tinyurl) that when expanded go to feeds that do use or include FeedBurner. This JavaScript turns short URLs long: javascript:void(function(){if(typeof%20jQuery%20==%20'undefined'){var%20s=document.createElement('script');s.src='http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.2.6/jquery.min.js';document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(s);}var%20l=document.createElement('script');l.src='http://www.longurlplease.com/js/longurlplease.js';document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(l);function%20runIfReady(){try{if($.longurlplease){%20clearInterval(interval);%20$.longurlplease();}}catch(e){}};%20var%20interval%20=%20window.setInterval(runIfReady,100);}()) Or http://www.longurlplease.com/ Annoying that lack of IE6 compatibility makes "launch not advisable". It's hard enough to convince clients that IE6 must die. http://www.ie6nomore.com/ Release notes don't mention: this updates Apple Mail, revises the messages DB, and disables Mail plugins such as Daylight, Letter Opener, and Widemail. Wilcox does not have a pro-Apple bias. In the comments, Wilcox notes, "this is the first post here admitting that I got something wrong about Apple." He explains that after selling his iPad, he found he was missing something not fulfilled by netbook or smartphone, missing enough that he bought himself another: > "The world does need an Apple tablet -- and perhaps others -- contrary to what I asserted in late January. ... iPad offers fresh functionality: immersion. I find there are fewer reading distractions, and content is better presented than on a laptop and browser. I'm more focused and retain more of what I read. ... Part of this immersive experience is the technology, but also how iPad is used. Apple's tablet is a sit down and focus device, as much because of size and shape as screen and user interface. The totality -- physical design and software benefits -- is immersion." Wilcox also calls out an opportunity for developers: > "Immersion -- and this is something every media publisher wants of its consumers -- extends well beyond iPad's Web browser, which doesn't deliver the device's best immersive content experiences. Games and publishing apps are more immersive." Yes, we used aggressive degradation in 2009. In 2010, after Microsoft sent flowers to IE6's funeral[1] we have been able to use that anecdote to persuade clients to go a step further and actively sign off that IE6 is not supported. At the least, "Displays and functions correctly in IE6" should be defaulted to "N/A", which would also help make the "N/A" option more discoverable. [1] http://www.techflash.com/seattle/2010/03/microsoft_sends_flo... AT&T has no reason (other than network capacity) to limit supply. AT&T definitely has no reason to have their servers go down under signups, giving further impression and bad PR of capacity handling problems. What AT&T does have is IT management who use Blackberries, and still think a smartphone is defined by its technical feature set. With iPhone technical feature set comparing poorly (in conventional tech opinion) to Android, and with Android beating iPhone sales the past few months (ignoring that iPhone buyers might be waiting for v4), it's "inconceivable" (AT&T's actual word) that people really want iPhone that much. AT&T is genuinely confused by this. If someone has a recommendation on the best method of configuring this for multiple domains (not subdomains) on a cloud host, I'd appreciate the pointer. I've found this: http://blog.mixu.net/2010/05/17/setting-up-multisite-wordpre... Which references this: http://www.interconnectit.com/840/wordpress-3-0-multisite-wi... These assume you can edit your Apache conf, and many cloud hosts don't support that. In this case, I mean not shared web hosting in the VPS sense (one server, many customer sites) but web farm or web cluster (your site on many servers). He didn't have the dataset. The password is for visiting, not for posting. If you set a password, nobody can visit your blog w/o the password. http://posterous.com/help/private_sites "You can set a password on your Posterous site so only the readers you want can see it. To see your site, a user must go to your site url and also enter the correct password for your site." Two solutions: 1. Change from "Contributors can post" to "Anyone can post". Counterintuitive, but the first is based on email FROM, the second is moderated. 2. Make a hash as your FROM address. Add it as an alias to send from in Gmail (or whatever you use). Send to posterous from the hash address. Your email address becomes your password. Comparing the proposed map with the current map (the 2nd map in the article), it's clear that the river provides scale and locality, allowing better association with one's mental above ground map. Put back the river, and the proposed one would be better. Without it, a tremendous amount of context is lost. Also thrilled with ReadyNAS NV+ for all the same reasons, but especially to support Macs, TimeMachine, and remove WebDAV access. Fantastic. The second article seems exactly what I was looking for. Also appreciate the article references workarounds (eg., use trunk version of plugin). I'm suspicious of articles suggesting everything "just works". Thank you, Otto. You push 80 terabytes per month from only 3 gigabytes of storage? CDNs should adore you. Not necessarily about flight sims. Put your palm on top of someone's head and make them look around... The common use case is to back up your office to the cloud. This story shows why you should back up the cloud to your office. > I'll buy it so will all the real computer users. :) There are considerably fewer “real computer users” than non computer users. Let's face it: “real computer users” are a niche. Google Voice transcription is a (really bad) toy. If you hate checking voice mail but want transcription that's immediate and even better than deciphering audio yourself, try http://www.phonetag.com/ PhoneTag is more accurate than our most human receptionists. Agreed on the lag. I had to change cell phone voice mail to delay 30 seconds before answering or calls were going to GV voicemail for "no answer" before I could get to the cell phone. To the caller it had rung 5 times, to me, once. Consolas was designed for ClearType, but on a Mac, Consolas seems a touch heavy to me. Lucida Sans Typewriter and Bitstream Vera Sans Mono are also somewhat heavy, as are Menlo and Mensch. I find Andale Mono to be the perfect blend of legibility, distinctive character forms, and lightness, for black letters on white background. With its shorter and rounded letterforms providing a sense of white space between lines, I suspect this font is reminding me of highly legible daisy wheel printouts. This is my font of choice for both coding and plain-text email. It's not as widely known, but people who use it become somewhat fanatical. In Terminal I use amber on black, and find Monaco 10pt. better because of the line height and old school terminal feel. I suspect this font reminds me of the plotter-style vector fonts pre-dating MS-DOS. Like Consolas, Monaco has a slash through the zero, which I much prefer. Just for fun, try http://sensi.org/~svo/glasstty/ in 20 pt (15 pt in Windows) terminal window. It's a DEC VT220 terminal glyph font complete with raster lines. I'm on OSX, and suggest some alternatives to Consolas above: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1454649 Kall8 (complex routing rules available) or ifByPhone (ditto + API) Twilio (all about API) If not in at your Apple store, maybe a local issue, as they're in stock by the truckload at Apple stores nearby (NYC area). With it on, the glass is separated from flat surfaces you set the phone on, and the phone looks less distinctive too (which can be a good thing). Nexus One, same issue: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=34a... Don't worry, the footnote says that it's only simulated, the actual physical effects may vary. I appreciated the clarification that signal strength (dB) and signal quality (SNR) are two different things -- that all the phones tested got lower signal when "tightly cupped", but with the iPhone 4 despite the lower dB, the new antenna design holds calls and gets higher speeds than other phones: > "I can honestly say that I've never held onto so many calls and data simultaneously on 1 bar at -113 dB as I have with the iPhone 4 ... reception is massively better on the iPhone 4 in actual use." And that there's another benefit to the new antenna design: > "WiFi signal has changed as well... though not how one would expect. Holding the phone with no case actually improves WiFi signal strength by a measurable 5 to 10 dB." > "I've only used low-end Nokia phones mostly..." Like the Nokia 2320 with the instruction manual that says you shouldn't hold it like that? http://funsizebytes.com/post/745721120/instructions-from-my-... Quote from Apple's script: > "The iPhone 4’s wireless performance is the best we have ever shipped." Quote from Anandtech review: > "I can honestly say that I've never held onto so many calls and data simultaneously on 1 bar at -113 dB as I have with the iPhone 4 ... reception is massively better on the iPhone 4 in actual use... There's no doubt in my mind this iPhone gets the best cellular reception yet." http://www.anandtech.com/show/3794/the-iphone-4-review/2 I won't buy an iPhone app that's using Flash inside the phone screen to demo the app. Use of Flash suggests the author doesn't know how to do rich interfaces without Flash, so the app itself can't be that good. Granted, if I could see the demo, I might discover I was mistaken. http://imgur.com/VdUK2.png XM keeps doing this to me too. Thanks for reminding me to check for it again. It's interesting to me the language calling it a "metal rim" and "metal band", when Jonathan Ive says it's a solid slab of metal, that the groove is machined in. The iFixit teardown makes it appear that the groove is machined in as well, and the metal you see is all part of a slab. I contrast Ive's comments and iFixit's teardown with the Keynote presentation, and think someone's simplifying something in the explanations. This is why: http://fscked.co.uk/post/754590440/update-i-have-a-followup-... I also like both Thecus and ReadyNAS, with Mac Mini or Xbox 360 as head-ends at the TV sets. Been using these for years. The (add-on|plug-in|module) community for both NAS servers is great. That said, both Microsoft's Media Center and Home Media Server are also fantastic and extensible. > "Did you know the audio out is provided by a microphone in the base of the dock, which connects to an amplifier and then the audio out jack? It does." Repeating "it does" doesn't make it so. Here's how the audio gets from the iphone to the audio out jack: http://pinouts.ru/PortableDevices/ipod_pinout.shtml If you're wondering what the iPhone speaker port appears to mate with in Apple docks, it's a special vent that permits you to dock the phone and still use it in speakerphone or iPod audio playback modes without significant muffling or additional distortion. That Apple's iPhone 4 universal dock adapter is made for Apple's universal dock. How often do you update the software? What changes when you update the software? How many hardware platform updates have there been for Android so far? How interoperable are the various docks? The iPhone 4 is essentially the same phone as the original iPhone. So little has changed, many of my colleagues are still happily using their summer 2007 Jesus phones, which they say do everything they need to do, adequately. Notice how Apple doesn't tell you how much RAM, or what the CPU clock speed is. Apple doesn't want consumers worrying about the hardware race. They'll sell you a major new feature: 3G support, a GPS chip and video encoder, a 4x resolution screen. But the core platform remains viable three and half years later, running the same apps. If your goal is a platform that's stable, seems you are contradicting yourself. On the one hand, you say Apple's each generation is insufficiently differentiated, yet on the other, you say you're forced to upgrade. With so little differentiation, why do you find yourself forced? There are tons of iPhone 4 pictures, such as the gizmodo picture re-leaked onto thenextweb, etc.: http://www.google.com/images?q=iphone+4&hl=en&safe=o... The more popular results reflect a linking pattern that's from then (mostly linking to the curved Macbook Air style fake iPhone 4), rather than now (linking to the released phone). Todo, syncing with ToodleDo's annual subscription for sync and web access. I own Things, OmniFocus, Todo, and others, and at the moment, I prefer Todo. My objective is simplicity of entry with "GTD" style task management, with OTA sync across multiple Macs and devices. For non-techies with just one Mac and one iDevice, I tend to recommend Things, while for sales, I tend to recommend Daylite. (LAN WiFi sync doesn't count, only OTA sync ensures you're up to date.) ToodleDo has tasks inside tasks, lists, etc. You have to pay $14/year. In my use over 3G and WiFi, the cloud sync is fantastic, supporting complex task types, dates, and nestings. And thus Zak withstood the zackattack... > "It's impossible that it's nonsense. To be nonsense, it would require a conspiracy among the field's thousands of practitioners and most of their students and admirers." This doesn't follow. There are many other ways it could be nonsense, as demonstrated by countless erudite groups from Nebuchadnezzar's astrologers to the Inquisition. None wants to be the one who "doesn't get it". Moreover, the participants you list--practitioners, students, admirers--are hardly impartial. Their interests in the emperor's clothes are well vested. Ok, I was just trying to quickly switch to another app, but thanks for telling me. Now that you've told me, if I don't want to consume the battery, what do I click? Or, consuming the battery is fine, and I want to keep Trapster running. What do I click? // Seems this is a better example of the wrong way to do backgrounding. They reported the same 20 dB drop as Anandtech, a week later. However, unlike Anandtech, CR failed to even mention how the phone holds calls given certain signal strengths or drops in signal strength. Also, one wonders about their lab, since CR failed to find the drops from comparable smartphones that Anandtech found, reportedly around 9 - 14 dB, and failed to explain how each phone's drop affected call retention, sound quality, or data rates. Not all radio tuners or antennas are created equal; just look at WiFi 802.11n data rates from different vendors given the same signal strength. Reviewers need to stop focusing on signal strength, and test actual call handling. Doing a real test (instead of "oh, now we see what you meant...") would have been great PR for Consumer Reports. It's nice to share the list of sorted results -- but why on Scribd in print format? In theory these are user volunteer help forums, not "oh look at that article over there" forums. I've been lurking on the iPhone 4 boards since launch. Apple is leaving extremely negative threads open and active. They generally do not leave threads that are begun as pointers to, and discussions on, outside sources. Headline: "Apple Knew of iPhone Antenna Glitch" Body: "Apple said, "We challenge Bloomberg BusinessWeek to produce anything beyond rumors to back this up. It's simply not true."" WSJ regurgitates Bloomberg, buries the rebuttal, and headlines the rebutted info with nothing to substantiate why the rebuttal should be dismissed. > is far better than on previous iPhones An Anandtech followup backs this up: http://www.anandtech.com/show/3821/iphone-4-redux-analyzing-... 1. Reception in average conditions is sometimes significantly better on the iPhone 4 than on the 3GS. 2. Signal strength is sometimes the same as or worse than the iPhone 3GS. 3. The iPhone 4 is better at holding onto calls and data at very low signal levels. The combination of these, it is reported, means Apple made a design trade off to achieve better calls in more low signal areas. He calls innovating on antenna design in a way that works better most of the time but might be picky: "ballsy". Absolutely. Five years ago I calculated the cost of daily Starbucks (or local coffee bar of choice), considered why I preferred their coffee over regular coffee pot brews, found there really is a texture and taste difference with fresh ground espresso made coffees (see Wikipedia "espresso" paragraph on "crema"), and bought this: http://www.amazon.com/DeLonghi-ESAM3500-N-Magnifica-Super-Au... Some three thousand cups of perfect coffee later, it seems like it's not just a good idea for an office. PS. Use distilled water in these machines, and you don't have to descale them, and you avoid coloring the taste of the coffee. Dropped more (-24 dB vs -17 dB), and yet picks up signal in significantly more areas and is significantly more sensitive (-121 dB vs -113 db). I like the innovative external antenna (Anandtech calls the design tradeoff "ballsy") and I like holding more calls in more places. I'm willing to hold it "right" in exchange. See Anandtech's followup article from yesterday. Apple innovated on the antenna, trading possible (and typical) attenuation for more sensitivity. Anandtech feels they "willfully" went for more sensitivity for most situations, at the price of variability depending on certain rarer signal situations. He calls the design choice "ballsy". http://www.anandtech.com/show/3821/iphone-4-redux-analyzing-... And it was certainly curious how the "in depth" LA Times article (saying the Toyota problem was real) neglected to mention that all the cases they covered in the article--and listed ages for right in the article--were senior citizens... I have an iPhone 4, live in terrible coverage, when this blew up took it out of the bumper for past two weeks, and can't drop a call even in places my 3GS and Blackberry Pearl couldn't make calls at all ... And so? Bandwagons roll on squeaky wheels. Apparently I'm an unintentional "street team" member any time I visit an Apple store carrying the iPad inside what looks like a Moleskin notebook. Even employees gather around to ask to see the case. Last Friday one employee got the manager and asked if the store could stock these. This is a particularly attractive and convenient case, and DODOcase offers well-named "Friendly Support". Happened to me, except the iPad bounced on carpet. Their Friendly Support is excellent, and sent a replacement quickly. Replacement was bowed too, before or during shipping. They then offered a technique to micro-fracture the outer bamboo, but I'm not persuaded this would help it hold the iPad tighter. I think they should consider changing the layers to counteract the curvature -- it should want to curve in to hold tighter, not curve out to hold less. While assembling, they'd also have the option to pre-form the bamboo to a bowed in shape, then glue the layers while bowed. The glue would keep the bow in place, and use the aluminum (not gonna bow) iPad hold it back straight. The case might look odd without an iPad in it, but would grip much better when carrying the iPad. Tell him to reset network settings. If not fixed dial 611 to reprovision. Known issue with activation not setting right for iPhone 4 restored from iPhone 3, and some new iPhone 4 with glitch in activation. I get 3 Mbps / 1.5 Mbps in SoHo and the Village. All the iTunes tracks I've bought this year are unprotected. No, it's not binary. I saw this happen to several people, including me. In my friend's case, for example, his data speeds were incredibly low, and he was unable to log onto the 3G Microcell base stations. I suspect AT&T has custom settings on their end for particular classes of devices, and haven't matched those settings correctly. Could be as simple as not matching the IMEI number, or could be enabling HSDPA/HSUPA, I don't know. But for me, him, and a couple others, AT&T had to push a reset (phone screen shows an unusual "Ok to power off" type message you only see if they push settings and a reset), and afterwards, speeds shot through the roof. > Review the app on it's functionality/style/etc not on the short-comings of it's server infrastructure. The latter is a detail that can be fixed pretty easily while the former is pretty permanent. Was this missing a "/sarcasm"? This seems like the most recklessly harmful remark I've read on Hacker News in ages. Ideas are easy; implementation—especially in iron—is hard. It matters, and it's exponentially harder post launch. > would you write an article about how great twitter is and then be sure to write but I occasionally get the fail-whale!? I don't think so, it dates your article severely and isn't really relevant to the quality of the product Mashable would, two days ago, on 21 July 2010: http://mashable.com/2010/07/21/twitter-scalability/ To quote this "severely dated" article: > "[Twitter] must first and most importantly achieve an acceptable uptime ratio. All the partnerships, revenue and media buzz in the world can fall a bit flat when the app itself doesn’t work." From the Vimeo description: > "After 50 trials, the robot learns that the first part of the task requires a stiff behavior to throw the pancake in the air, while the second part requires the hand to be compliant in order to catch the pancake without having it bounced off the pan." Despite all the furor about iOS needing multitasking, this detail is glossed over: on Verizon you can't look up something requiring data while you're on a call. This isn't an Android vs iPhone issue: on AT&T my HTC Aria can handle a call while checking for directions on Google Maps just fine. It's interesting how total failure to support the most common smartphone multitasking scenario is glossed over as a "niggle". "So where is that?" "Let me hang up, check, and call you back." What makes anyone think this stopped TwitPic from losing users to Posterous? I would imagine any user sophisticated enough to think of moving, would have some opinions about data liberation and services that try to lock them in. On the contrary, I would imagine this puts more users on notice that TwitPic is locking users' own data in. Such users will begin looking for other places to post pics to. Yes, look at what Twitter has done to shorteners, vs. bit.ly's continued business: bit.ly offers great reporting, use with services besides Twitter, and bit.ly pro to integrate your own domain. So bit.ly remains the shortener of choice for professionals. "Top Mobile OS"? Is the iPod Touch not "mobile"? Consumers think it is. And both versions of the iPad certainly are mobile. If you're comparing platforms, compare platforms. If OS, compare OS. If you're comparing smartphone models, compare model to model. Don't compare a platform to a model and pretend you wrote anything to be taken seriously. Here's a more interesting pair of apples and oranges: 1. Verizon Wireless maintained its lead in the carrier market with 33 percent. Followed by AT&T with 25 percent . 2. RIM accounted for 28 percent of commercial smartphones activated in Q2 2010. iOS accounted for 22 percent. That makes it seem 92% of commercial smartphones activated on AT&T are iOS, leaving 8% for the RIM, Android, PalmOS, Symbian, Windows Mobile, etc. (You can make stats say almost anything...) These stats make it seem as though people walk into an AT&T store with choice and walk out with an iPhone. What might happen if they could walk into other carriers with choice? > Do you really check for directions while on phone calls often? Perhaps it's just me, but people don't call me for directions that much. No, but people do call me and ask me for feedback on an email they just sent , and I'm able to look at it. They call me and ask me how a stream looks. And I'm able to play it. They call me and ask me if a web page is suitable to share with a client. I check and say it is. I work online. People call me about things that are online. If I'm at my desk, I'm using a landline. If I'm away from my desk, I'm not by a computer. So yes, my most common multitasking use case on my mobile phone is to look at something online while on the phone. While I can do that on Android on AT&T, I can't do that on Verizon. They most likely are. The body copy limits the discussion to "commercial smartphones" which is a subset of mobile phones which is a subset of mobile devices. My first point is they're comparing things which are not like. My second point is that either their stats are suspect or the other manufacturers better start paying Verizon, Sprint, et al., to keep the iPhone on AT&T. Unless the customer is comparing the feature rarely listed: usability. Check why Consumer Reports rated iPhone 4 highest among all the phones tested (despite the supposed antenna problems). Agreed. It's why I said my example was comparing apples and oranges and one can make stats say anything. The author says 'after 10 years' with HTML, which isn't very long. Ask someone working in hypertext long enough to know what VERONICA stands for -- they'll know what HREF means! But funny you mention Wikipedia. Looks like it has the answer: > with the attribute "href" (HREF is an abbreviation for "Hypertext REFerence"[3]) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperlink > [3] Tim Berners-Lee, Making a Server ("HREF" is for "hypertext reference") http://www.w3.org/Provider/ServerWriter.html We host paid video content. We support pay-per-minute, pay-per-view, and a variety of DRM technologies. We offer native "paid video" streaming to Android, iDevices, and all flavors of personal computer. We support the current HTML5 video stack, including WebM. Our datacenters run Wowza Pro, IIS Media Services, Windows Media Server, Darwin Streaming Server, and other less well known services. We don't make customers share a slice of "a server", we're providing hierarchical video caching and distribution across an International footprint for even our $19.95/month customers. We are a CDN -- or a VDN, actually: http://www.advection.net/ http://www.microsoft.com/windows/windowsmedia/forpros/servic... We like helping startups, so do Edgecast and BitGravity. If you don't need quite as much flexibility, Limelight's got great video infrastructure, while Akamai's the largest scale if you've got the budget. http://www.edgecast.com/ http://www.bitgravity.com/ (home page is Flash) http://www.limelightnetworks.com/ http://www.akamai.com/html/technology/products/streaming.htm... > I get enough phone calls from CDN sales people And PS... we don't have any of those. We're all devs or sysadmins and prefer time-shiftable email, so you'll never get a call from us unless you ask. Three responses: 1. HackerNews is our personal Google, Wikipedia, and blog host rolled into one. 2. By putting the rest of the Internet here, we may never have to leave this site. 3. By only needing one site, we can finally reclaim the browser URL bar for a little more comment space. > "you aren't escaping properly ... re-eval" eval(eval(escape(string))) ? > "Wifi Tethering. I don’t need to tether often, but when I do, I do. I rooted my phone quickly, just so I could use one of the many apps in the Marketplace to tether my laptop via Wifi. Worked flawlessly, no extra charge." That's tantamount to saying "I jail-broke my iPhone quickly, so I could use one of the many apps on Cydia to tether my laptop via WiFi" ... except you don't need an app for that because tethering is built into iOS. You need a different network provisioning file in the States, and elsewhere in the world tethering is enabled by default. I liked the form factor of the HTC Aria but found his following points to be deal breakers, so am back to iPhone for now: - every couple of days, you do need to reboot the phone - no cellular data while you are in a call - no cloud push in Android 2.1 - separate email apps for Gmail and everything else - IMAP email is very weak; really weak - the OS (and therefore the apps) are really clunky at switching between voice/data/wifi I was also put off by the extremely popular apps carrying name brand logos that disclaimed association with the brand while asking permission to make charge calls from my number. Notice the f-stop graph later on? There's part of your causation. Sensors, perhaps. Optics, not so much, when going for a shallow depth of field (one of the later graphs). Here, use our mobile OS. We're all about open. Ahoy, our mobile OS is outselling others? Look over there, stuff with wires is still open. I wish I were in a subjunctive mood. Visit Tangier island in Tidewater Virginia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidewater_accent Also visit the Guineas: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gloucester_County,_Virginia#Gui... Cape Town has very little to do with the Africa most of the world is thinking of. OP's question is about Nigeria. Not so long ago, Nigeria wouldn't even let you in if your passport had a South African stamp. The problems and opportunities in Cape Town for startups have, in my experience, no relevance to Lagos, Kinshasa, Abidjan, Accra ... As you're from Cape Town, you know this is the real problem: http://sewayoleme.wordpress.com/2008/07/08/africa-in-perspec... Most people have no idea Africa is larger than US, Europe, India, and China combined , but without infrastructure on most of the continent and so tribal that even greed takes a back seat to boosting a friend from the village. These aren't bad things, they're just different--and Kaapstad, Africa's first permanent European settlement and now considered the most entrepreneurial city in South Africa, may not offer the best model for addressing the OP's problem. > 1: Lack of Trust 2: Lack of infrastructure (Legal, Human resources, Power, e.t.c) When you redefine the issue as creating a startup like Rapportive, saying that Rapportive could be launched from anywhere, it happens you answer your own question as to why not: "an identifiable problem breeds opportunity". To invent a Rapportive, you need cultural immersion in the "problems" a culture virtually without problems faces. You can get education, and you can get resources. But as the poster from South Africa wrote, you also have objectivity and see "real problems" all around you. With your objectivity, looking up someone's email across social sites doesn't feel like an important problem, so it's less likely to get solved from the third world. That said, Africa also gives rise to an incredibly positive cultural acclimation--fixing things with whatever's on hand. That's an extraordinary talent if applied philosophically and pragmatically, allowing one to invent and solve around the barriers you mention. That's "hacking". You're welcome to host gaming videos at http://vive.ly . Try it out using invite code: hd4yc Encode and publish your own HD video site on your own custom domain or embed individual videos using your choice of player stack. (We transcode, store, and stream H.264, Ogg, and WebM.) This paper is from 2007, and has been written up many times since. Including an alleged debunking from Feb 2008: http://express-press-release.net/46/Eagleman%20%60Time%20Slo... Better article: http://www.smithsonianmag.com/arts-culture/true-colors.html This is one of those slow news day tropes "rediscovered" and recycled every few years. In the Hermitage in Russia, there are several centuries old paintings with incidental Greek statuary in the background, painted in living colors. This is one of those nuggets even art historians keep forgetting to pass along. Missed the point, I think. The extra code is perturbation to avoid automation detection. Your line is regular, and can be easily programmatically filtered out. That "should" is definitely debatable, and mostly culturally informed rather than reasoned. Balance of power and marginal impact of a termination is skewed against the individual. Right from the top, the article is all about the reporter. "Hey, remember those ads on TV? Not that I watch it or anything, I'm too busy using (parentheses)." And what a strange concept of "innovation": whether the maker ships each Intel CPU. > in the case of a small startup or egalitarian cooperative, this effect disappears Not sure about that egalitarian cooperative counterexample. As shown whenever people are co-opted into a cooperative, "all animals are selfish, but some animals are more selfish than others." However, your startup example is certainly in line with other research suggesting cooperation among kin: http://svenssonresearchlaboratory.blogspot.com/2009/04/under... Perhaps the key is the social networking mentioned in this link. These students in this submission's article were not necessarily part of a social network. This has implications for the HR department when a company grows large enough to have a "company culture". > I don't trust services that are saving a revenue model until "sometime later" ... essentially a bait and switch tactic Ning! Ning! We have a winner! The answer was in the article. I have all of the input devices mentioned in this thread, and cannot find anything to compare to the old Kensington "Expert Mouse" track balls, with the heavy ball the size of a billiards ball, a scroll wheel around it, and 4 buttons. The ball's diameter allows pinpoint accuracy when needed, the weight allows a flick with momentum to carry the cursor across two 30" screens, the scroll wheel is under your ring finger for simultaneous use. That said, the recent magic trackpad is growing on me. I think "MAC" is a kind of makeup: http://www.maccosmetics.com/ The computer is capitalized "Mac": http://www.apple.com/mac/ There are other groups of would-be unions of states as well, such as the erstwhile "United States of Africa". The term united states is almost generic, while "of America" is the designator that sets this particular union of states apart. To your point, American citizens have long emphasized the word America. Since the beginning, in fact: the original Declaration of Independence doesn't capitalize the term "united", calling itself the "unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America" adopted by the "Representatives of the united States of America" on July 4, 1776. Many articles here by Android fans say iPhone's Gmail experience is better than Android's. If you want real time push, you just need to switch it on. For Google Voice, try an HTML 5 app: http://googlevoiceblog.blogspot.com/2010/01/google-voice-for... Sync using Google Sync, ActiveSync(Exchange), or MobileMe. The schoolyard comeback is appropriate here: "I might like it. Doesn't mean I want to marry it." On the contrary, follow specifically does refer to a continuing future action. "Follow that cab!" doesn't mean just for one block. You expect the driver will follow that cab until you tell him to stop following it. To agree with you, however, the cab being followed need not be aware of your continued future action. They can speed up, slow down, stop, U-turn, do whatever they would do if you weren't following them. To your point, "follow" is not "interactive". It's active for you, passive for the one being followed. It's therefore the perfect word for Twitter's button. What did you think about Shiny Tweet's columns? Your comment should be on Twitter's welcome screen. It hadn't occurred to me to movie noisy people into lists. [move] > Apple Mac's aren't a success considering their market share. Some companies prefer market share. Some companies prefer profit. Your definition of success is your personal opinion, which you admit is irrelevant. "While Apple only commands 7 percent of overall revenues in the PC market, its products account for 35 percent of the operating profits. None of the other manufacturers—which includes such giants as Dell, Hewlett-Packard, and Lenovo—comes even close to matching Apple’s five-to-one ratio between revenue and profit share." http://www.businessinsider.com/chart-of-the-day-revenue-vs-o... Of course video using only 1024x768 tiny pixels on a bright glossy screen will look better than using 1920 x 1080 pixels from a projector. You simply won't see as many problems with video compression on the small screen with less pixels. Also, just to clarify -- there's not really any such thing as HTML5 video. There's an HTML5 video tag , and browser vendors can decide what kinds of video the tag should handle in their browser on a given OS. How the video looks on your iPad or projector depends on the compression/decompression algorithm ("codec") and how efficiently the playback software and hardware can decompress and render frames of video to your screen. Silverlight and Flash both support the H.264 codec, meaning a given frame of video in either technology should look the same. In desktop Safari, the HTML5 video tag ties into any media the installed version of QuickTime can play, including video compressed with H.264. The HTML5 video tag on iPad and iPhone 3G and later supports H.264 Baseline profile 3.1, while earlier versions of iPhone support H.264 Baseline profile 3.0. Given that Silverlight, Flash, and QuickTime all play back an H.264 encoded video, the exact same file, differences stem from other things besides the video, like excessive CPU usage causing frame drops. For example, Flash 10.0 didn't access hardware acceleration for decompression of H.264, so 720p or higher content would generally drop frames and stutter badly. Flash 10.1 can, with certain video cards, use the video card to decompress the video, letting the video play more smoothly. Safari 5 and QuickTime also can access hardware acceleration. Meanwhile, Silverlight 3 was much more efficient at decompressing and rendering 720p size video on a Mac than Flash 10.0, while also supporting DRM encryption/decryption, making the Silverlight player a natural choice for Netflix. (As of Flash 10.1, on compatible Macs, the situation has somewhat reversed.) On the back end, Silverlight streaming servers and Apple adaptive HTTP servers are close enough that an IIS Media Services server can stream to iPhones/iPads. H.264 video encoded for Silverlight Smooth Streaming or for Apple adaptive HTTP streaming uses generally similar techniques, helping an investment in Silverlight pay off in reaching the Apple iDevice ecosystem. For example, why Amazon doesn't "scrobble" every physical object I use instead of only showing the things they sell that I deliberately review ... A lot of people are going to want to present a different music profile than their actual listening habits. Was trying to think of this last night -- has giant company with scads of cash successfully "cold started" a social network in the past? Let me ask my friends on Buzz... Amazon did announce personal profile pages, etc., but then pushed them into the background a bit. Some of the social groups are surprisingly active. Someone's profile: http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2KEKKJ9CAC2KC/ Communities home page: http://www.amazon.com/gp/tagging/communities/directory Music community home page: http://www.amazon.com/communities/directory/music/ref=tag_td... A people affinity page, in this case, cats: http://www.amazon.com/tag/cats/people/ref=tag_cdp_bkt_icus Agree with your point that for now "it's a social network for ITMS". Seems a better way of thinking about it, and dovetails with defaulting to off and using ITMS account (a can of worms). The sort of DRM the iPad is using is what the Silverlight player offers on the Mac desktop: http://www.homemediamagazine.com/netflix/netflix-selects-new... On the contrary, it was there checking out the Magic Trackpad, perfectly accomodated to a hoof. Listen to the samples on Amazon. The first track's clip, in particular, sounds like what the negative reviewer is complaining about. http://www.amazon.com/gp/dmusic/media/sample.m3u/ref=dm_mu_d... Maybe it's being used for effect? Why is anyone voting up "good call"[1]? Agreed, good call: both sound like vote up. [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1668060 FUD... You can. You don't have to use iTunes, or even an Apple app, to get things on and off an iDevice. For example: http://ecamm.com/mac/phoneview/ Blurb: Multimedia Is No Longer Trapped on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch Free your Photos and Movies -- Download camera photos and movies in just a few clicks. You can even use PhoneView to export the iPhone's synced Photo Library if you've lost the originals. Music Made Easy -- Play any iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch music library through your Mac's speakers. Grab music, videos and podcasts from your device with one click. > It seems to me that software that allows the iPad to stream movies from any brand media server is a game changer. Apple approved Plex, for both iPhone and iPad. Check out what Plex Nine does. E.g., Plex, which does it on the fly and is in the app store. I found this app shockingly accurate. I recommend it. > Android is only free of carrier abuse if you're geeky enough. However, Apple is only free of carrier abuse if you're affluent enough. Not sure about that dichotomy: unsubsidized, both cost roughly the same, and for both, root/jailbreaks are free. Unlike your XKCD example, a community's early members are not talking about the general population. They're talking about a special interest community's dilution. Few communities are begun by the average, they're begun by the inspired, impassioned, or invested. The founders are focused. Motivated, they cross a barrier of inaction, pouring in resources and effort, establishing a meeting place for clear like minds. Latecomers are on the whole less missioned. The barrier to joining is less than the barrier to beginning. Growth and time inexorably pull participatory discussion away from the founding focus toward the bell curve's center. Reading through the comments from developers on Reddit, I'm shocked at the cavalier attitude towards users. One comment talks about a Monkey Island update that destroyed users' saved games. The comment remarked it didn't seem fair to rate the game down from 4.5 stars to 3 stars for something that would get fixed on the next update. The app may have been 99 cents, but the user's saved game represents a significant investment of time (the most fundamental unit of value since all of us have only a limited supply). The app may be only 99 cents but costing a user hours or days of investment is going to get you ranked down, and should. The other point devs miss is that the absolute ranking of their app doesn't matter. What matters is that all apps are in the same system. If users rate your app on delete, they rate everyone else's app on delete too. If you're getting a lot of bad reviews from that, perhaps more people are deleting your app than other apps. This is one reason free apps rank lower -- they're deleted more often, hence ranked more often, and ranked at delete time, so ranked low. But even so, free apps are ranked against other free apps, so your stars are only relative to the other free apps' stars. A star itself is meaningless. How your app does within the same system as the other apps is what matters. TL;DR: Delight your users or at least respect their time. For next time, I think you mean "waste" as in dispose of, not "waist" as in pants. More importantly, teach your neighbor to Google: http://www.google.com/search?q=Mac%20boot%20keys Give a man tech help, help him for a day; teach him to Google, help him for life. Yahoo! Directory is new again. Coherent, yes. And so busy, there's no time for the shift key. I think this came in vogue among the tech affluent during the era of Crackberry supremacy -- easier to just thumb in all lowercase, and a significant portion of communication done from that device made staccato lowercase brevity socially acceptable. Didn't mean this particular piece. I was referring to the style of all lowercase, and to when I started noticing business people stop using initial caps. I used to catch myself doing it too after using a Sidekick and Moto Q for email on the go; still happens sometimes. The "at will" issue is not as cut and dried if on a company sponsored visa. > "If they truly want to build a completely social internet, this kind of downtime can't happen." Why not? Even commerce sites such as Amazon or Ebay have downtime. Studies demonstrate that unless you're selling a perfectly commoditized generic product, obtainable instantly from multiple sources, downtime doesn't materially impact revenue. Users seem to manage to "queue up" their intended actions and do them when a site is back. And it's not like Facebook's users can gravitate en masse to anywhere else. The founding principle of the internet is not "5 nines" uptime for all components, but resiliency. Switch off your mail server for a few hours; you'll still get all your mail when you turn it back on. "Kids these days" build apps and APIs (and sites that rely on APIs) that are much more brittle, because today's developers are spoiled into thinking communication conduits are reliable. They're not. The fabric fails, so your site, your apps, your protocols, should fail gracefully -- and recover gracefully later. If your photos are dull or washed out, you're doing it wrong. Or, to be more accurate, you're doing it right, but need to do a little more. This high dynamic range mode compresses more highlights and shadows into the limited brightness values of a JPEG. Your job is to widen the contrast back out selectively, using the saved details to re-process the image with the exposure and contrasts you want: http://michael.terretta.com/if-your-iphone-4-hdr-photos-are-... Flickr changes a photo's URLs any time you adjust the privacy settings. Downside: toggling privacy breaks links to the photo. Upside: toggling privacy breaks links to the photo. I typically appreciate tptacek's security remarks, and agree that once you trust someone to view a photo, you're trusting them to not repost it. However, I disagree that "everyone is doing it this way" is a good reason to do it this way. Flickr, as I noted separately in this thread, doesn't do it this way. Changing privacy settings changes the URL, so someone using the URL (a common use case for images) can't use it any more. That's the "user expected" behavior. Facebook's behavior is a generally unwelcome surprise. Additionally, since you're considering building image hosting: "token protected" URLs are well understood and often applied as a best effort solution to this problem. A token protected URL typically has an expiry, and in typical use is only valid briefly when issued for the visitor requesting the (authenticated) page containing embedded photos. See: http://aws.typepad.com/aws/2009/11/new-amazon-cloudfront-fea... Of course, the CDN edge cache servers have to cache the object yet respect the tokens, which requires a bit more intelligence from the cache, which is why "general industry practice" is to take the easier shortcut of not protecting the URL and image object at all. Disclaimer: We offer token protected video and image CDN delivery, calling it "deep link protection". Our DLP, and token schemes in general, protect the link from misuse, not the asset. You're talking about a leak while the photo is actively posted. I think that's obvious to users. It's less obvious that users can change privacy settings or delete the photo, and yet it's still accessible. The interface says access is now (going forward) changed, but access doesn't change. What's overtly wrong with what Facebook is doing shows up in practice in the news every time someone becomes an unexpected celebrity. The person promptly and maybe even preemptively changes their privacy settings, but their images remain available. http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8060407.stm Even if it's technically reasonable, it's not user expected behavior. Not talking about "Everyone". Talking about, for example, your best friend. Then you turn out to be a Russian spy named Anna. Suddenly your friend, who didn't care to download your photos before, now does want to download them. More to the point, talking about changing privacy settings, and having the change work, where work is not defined as "defeat tptacek" but "defeat casual users". The logical conclusion to "It is a bad idea for Facebook to give people the mistaken idea that any settings change on Facebook could ever take back anything" is for Facebook to remove any ability to set privacy more restrictive, ever. I doubt that would be popular. While "you can't take it back" may be technically correct, most photos aren't being downloaded to repost, merely viewed inline online. There's no reason a user changing privacy to be more restrictive shouldn't expect that change to apply going forward . That link isn't about S3. That link is about CloudFront, the CDN edge caching layer above S3. S3 storage has always offered token protected links. CloudFront CDN introduced protected links only recently. Customers and clients of CloudFront CDN (which uses S3 storage as its origin) wanted protected URLs, and AWS went to the time and expense to provide them. Content owners large enough to want or need CloudFront edge caching believe there are legitimate business cases for single use, expiring, IP restricted, or other classes of protected URLs for content. As for Facebook: Facebook operates web servers generating authenticated and authorized web pages. These pages are dynamic, generated per user, based on current privacy settings. These privacy-managed pages contain links to assets considered, by users, to be just as private as the page. When the user changes privacy settings for the page, the linked assets privacy could easily be kept in line, as demonstrated by CloudFront CDN being able to support private content links. Facebook's fault is that the privacy managed page links to public (non-privacy managed) assets, using links that do not respect the containing page's privacy settings. To say the image shouldn't have privacy settings is to say the page shouldn't have privacy settings "because anyone could save it and repost it". (Which people do, via screenshots.) That's expected and accepted. But once they change their privacy settings, users believe access permission changes. Access permission does change for the container page, but not the linked assets. That's a broken model. Was wondering where the "Machiavellian management style" came in, since the article merely describes a pointy-haired micromanager. Your items are Machiavellian indeed -- misguided "cunning duplicity" to "keep his people on edge" by deceiving or manipulating for his personal gain. See also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1615524 Facebook app on iPhone will sync your profile pic to your address book which is used as the profile pic for IM. The address book contacts may also be syncing to Gmail and setting it there. I've been noticing people's IM and email having accompanying profile pics that appear to pick up FB latest pic without the person knowing. I've speculated it's iPhone FB app as a common denominator seems to be owning an iPhone. Pure speculation. You're not alone. I'm baffled by the premise of a book's memory gone after a month. Even junk fiction, like the 30+ mostly generic Alistair MacLean thrillers I read in high school 25 years ago, are easily recallable. I'm also skeptical at so many comments here agreeing with the article. Perhaps it's a selection bias. I talk books with lots of people and no one has mentioned this phenomenon. At 8 times longer to compress, this reminds of Iterated Systems FIF, but article claiming based on WebM suggests it's still DCT compression. Adoption by just Flickr and Facebook could push a new image format fast. Google has much to gain since they archive a copy of indexed images. Hence their interest in "recompression". Loose vs. lose comes up far too often here. Also: http://www.uta.edu/owl/top20.htm "What would I do? I'd shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders." -- Michael Dell on Apple, 1997 http://news.cnet.com/Dell-Apple-should-close-shop/2100-1001_... It could be that the original author, and your replication of his results, is not illustrating a JPEG compression issue, but an issue using GIMP's JPEG compression to compress a 1920x1200 image into a 45KB JPEG. This is certainly an "edge case" compression test. The author updated comments on reddit saying he hadn't been clear, but he was talking about full 1920x1200 in the 45KB file. That's a different story, so I repeated my tests at full resolution. Using Photoshop's "Save for Web and Devices" option, Photoshop JPEG compression (at "quality zero") introduces a moire pattern, but still does not generate the extreme banding issue shown on the blog, and replicated in your results. Here is what Photoshop generates in 44,962 bytes, at 1920x1200 resolution: http://michael.terretta.com/update-corrected-real-world-anal... I apologize, I'm not familiar with GIMP or why its results might show such dramatic banding. I mentioned in comments on your original article: I wasn't able to appreciably beat the BMW or portrait images. Metadata would help explain this, since as a percentage of file size, it'd be a lot more detrimental on the first image at 45K than the BMW at 575K. But sure seems there's something else going on with the first image's circular gradient; PS seems to be dithering its blocks in a moire pattern while GIMP is showing strong banding even on files w/o metadata. I got GIMP, and used the "Save as JPEG" output to see if it's including metadata. According to jhead[1], GIMP is not including metadata in the saved JPEG. At quality "13", the file was 46302 bytes. Using the "purejpg" option on jhead, it dropped to 45592, or -710 bytes. This 45592 bytes is exactly, to the byte, what the original article found. [1] http://www.sentex.net/~mwandel/jhead/usage.html This article startled me into checking its publication date. The claim is so clearly obvious for the outlined applications (camera purchases, vacation bookings, movie grosses), it seems unreasonable to think nobody was doing this. Here's an essay on "trendspotting", suggesting the concept came into vogue in the late '90s: http://www.radosh.net/writing/trends.html And here's an article citing analysis of AltaVista query logs in 1998 (and other query studies since): http://www.seobythesea.com/?p=224 Perhaps because that was so hot at the time, folks I worked with in e-commerce in the mid to late 90's assumed this is what search engines were doing with their data -- data-mining it and selling the intelligence. Our reasoning was: "Well, if the grocery stores can predict what to stock on the shelves and what coupons to mail, surely the search engines can predict macro/economic/consumer trends, and that data must be incredibly valuable. That must be where they're getting their real revenue..." But maybe they weren't. A month ago, PG suggested Yahoo was making too much money from ads to bother improving commerce related results with "Revenue Loop". http://www.paulgraham.com/yahoo.html Perhaps that held true of all the search engines? At least the idea was out there before this Yahoo research coverage. http://www.usatoday.com/tech/techinvestor/2003-01-02-web-mon... http://www.pagetrafficblog.com/google-predicts-what-searcher... http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn17050-innovation-how-y... Hmm. Maybe Google is just a long-term ruse to collect data for a hedge fund management AI. "Actually", his sentence begins with the word "Initially". > Initially built on top of DOS, Microsoft painstakingly added version after version, always striving for backward compatibility while, at the same time, adding new features. It was "initially" built on DOS. And over time, Microsoft painstaking strove for backward compatibility, not giving it up even for a major architecture change. NT offered a DOS VM (VDM) / Windows VM (WoW)[1], and Windows 7 offers an XP VM [2]. [1] http://kb.iu.edu/data/acxn.html [2] http://www.microsoft.com/windows/virtual-pc/download.aspx Though it seems the opposite of minimalist, I really like MailPlane for managing multiple Gmail accounts at once on the Mac, without any syncing: http://mailplaneapp.com/ For starters, it incorporates Rapportive in place of the Gmail ads. Plus, if you like minimal interfaces, MailPlane supports custom CSS, so you can apply Helvetimail or similar clean and designed interfaces: http://www.josefrichter.com/helvetimail/ http://jimmitchell.org/projects/mailplane_clean_css/ The ability to have multiple Gmail accounts open in a dedicated mail app is worth every one of 2,495 pennies. > they get your number Not if it's blocked. I like to be able to use whatever browser I want, whenever I want, use the browser's native bookmarking, and have new bookmarks show up in whatever browser I run next (not to mention show up on iOS Safari). Bookmark something in Chrome, leave my desk, check the bookmark on the iPad. Surf on the iPad on the train, bookmark some things, review those bookmarks in Firefox on the PC. The built-in bookmark syncs don't do this, unless you're willing to only use a single browser on everything. Xmarks does this. If you're a developer using multiple browsers, seems like Xmarks would be essential kit. Also should exclude the Wiktionary link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiktionary (e.g., "startup" = Wiktionary, December 12, Adolf Hitler) I quite liked the comment suggesting Google rename their language to the eligibly employable moniker "i9". Neither GIS nor Archive.org will index or archive photos you haven't set public. ("Friends Only" is not public.) I recall we discussed this a couple weeks ago. The vulnerability is Facebook's social contract with non-technical users, user trust based on mental models of how it should work. For users of privacy settings, trust matters. A user knows things they are sharing can be used by those they share with. But when they delete something, in their mental model it's been deleted, and they become (with fair reason) upset if they learn it's not. If users delete a Facebook post or change its privacy setting, it's gone or inaccessible. If they delete a photo, it's still there and still accessible. That's unexpected behavior. There's no good non-technical reason text content and image content shouldn't be equally carefully managed by Facebook. Fully deleting the photo at least reduces the user's attack surface. This is usually how I share images: right-click, copy image address, paste in IM or email. To your point, yes, these URLs remain in email archives and IM logs. This is why Flickr changes an image's URL if you change its privacy settings. > "Facebook permissions work at the level of the page showing the image, not on the image file itself." Exactly. HN discussed this a couple weeks ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1740271 I'd written: Facebook operates web servers generating authenticated and authorized web pages. These pages are dynamic, generated per user, based on current privacy settings. These privacy-managed pages contain links to assets considered, by users, to be just as private as the page. When the user changes privacy settings for the page, the linked assets privacy could easily be kept in line, as demonstrated by CloudFront CDN being able to support private content links. Facebook's fault is that the privacy managed page links to public (non-privacy managed) assets, using links that do not respect the containing page's privacy settings. You may want to check your use of apostrophes. For example, "to let" means "to allow": "The product lets you do stuff." The word "let's" means "let us": "Let's install this today!" To build trust, grammar and spelling should be impeccable. Multiple "About" pages are confusing: "Dashler is a bookmarklet. When clicked, it opens up a toolbar on top of the webpage you viewing." "Dashler builds things that make browsing the web faster, easier, and more productive." "Dashler is a bootstrapped start-up founded by Sam Mati." "Dashler is not a search engine, encyclopedia, dictionary, social network, URL shortener, video website, news aggregator, website analytics provider, blogging service, stock analysis tool, e-mail provider, etc." "Dashler is content to let others innovate in these areas." "Dashler is a bookmark. There's no download." Also, the hovering toolbar gets in the way of sites using top nav. I'd recommend trying it more like the Digg bar or Reddit bar, glued to the top of the window, and styled to match the detected browser's default chrome. The Privacy Policy is terrible. "Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected." I'm glad you've identified your purposes. Will you tell us about them? "We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law." Since we don't know your purposes, we also don't know what your compatible purposes are. If your purpose is identity theft, fraud is a compatible purpose. "We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes." Still meaningless, since you haven't told us the purpose. "We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned." So you only let users know "where appropriate" that info has been collected. What about all the other info you collect that it's not appropriate for us to have knowledge of? "Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date." Well, sure, if you're going to commit identity theft and fraud, we users should be required to keep you up-to-date on our particulars. Helps you out a lot. "We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification." So the reasonable security measures only apply to loss or theft? Why not to the rest of those things? "We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information." Where? When? How? The claim the "test system" had "no customer data" is false on its face, as the customer's email address is clearly customer data. Unfortunately "mst.ww.com" appears taken. In that case, I'd like: chocolatefactory.ww.com IN A 174.143.45.139 Network neutrality fail. I don't get targeting the iPhone yet featuring Flash on the home page. Your audience can play HTML5 or gracefully degrade to QT. It's about iPhone, but I can't see it on iPhone or iPad. Make pitch1.swf a .mp4 file, and use the embed stack here: http://camendesign.com/code/video_for_everybody Try the second one from the bottom, w/o the Ogg lines. Or http://vive.ly ... as the case may be. :) We manage hosting for a number of complicated traffic sites, including this one... It's curious to see court processes reported in the news so fast. available for 12 months: $479.52 I'm not sure what the Elastic Load Balancer is for when it's only a single EC2 instance. They may "run" parts of the service from EC2, but the streams are delivered by CDNs, generally Akamai, Limelight, and Level(3). Netflix is not paying $500 million a year for bandwidth. Netflix's bandwidth pricing has been reported[1], as Akamai and Limelight jockey to try to capture more of Netflix's business. [1] http://www.businessinsider.com/akamai-gets-more-of-netflixs-... I think you may be misinterpreting the remark, "In Q4, we’ll spend more on streaming content than DVD content." He said "on streaming content", not "on streaming the content". Spending on licensing the content is more than on streaming the content. Revising a couple of your numbers[1], and then multiplying out: ((100 gigabytes) / (1 U.S. dollar)) * 50 million U.S. dollars = 4.65661287 exabytes (((100 gigabytes) / (1 U.S. dollar)) * 50 million U.S. dollars) / (31 536 000 seconds) = 158.54896 GBps = 1.3 terabits Articles reported Netflix was ~20% of traffic, suggesting ~6.3 terabits total traffic. Akamai was reported hitting of 3.4 terabits[2], and is considered to be around 60% market share of delivery, suggesting ~5.75 terabits of total traffic. These numbers are close enough to pass a sniff test. [1] http://www.businessinsider.com/akamai-gets-more-of-netflixs-... [2] http://gigaom.com/2010/04/11/akamai-3-4-terabits/ The intellectual property for minimizing charge backs, preventing fraud, and handling exceptions and edge cases--knowledge built up over handling millions of transactions--is generally not worth relearning. Then there's the outrageous business crushing liability if something with CC data goes wrong. You're usually better off keeping your brainpower focused on your app's differentiators, and leaving the recurring billing part to someone whose brain has already been sucked down the black hole of gateways, processors, and PCI compliance. Chargify, Spreedly, and CheddarGetter come to mind as SaaS billers discussed frequently here. (If your pain tolerance is higher, PayFlow Pro has tremendous institutional knowledge under the hood from handling over $100 million USD daily, despite changing corporate owners several times. Also compare Authorize.NET.) To say the ins and outs of card processing should be "well-understood" by any would-be entrepreneur seems like saying biochemistry should be well understood by anyone who wants to wear a Got Milk? t-shirt. How many stores write the software in their cash register? Who would argue that was useful instead of working on their product line? The would-be entrepreneur really should be doing other things with his time, and if the card processing percentage difference matters to the business model, hopefully the model is micropayments or billing itself, because for anything larger, there should be room and the entrepreneur better watch out for the much larger expense of supporting billing. Billing is rarely a differentiator, except when it goes wrong. On the other hand, if you're selling billing itself as a service, as I see your site says you are, then sure. You're competing with Chargify, Spreedly, etc., for a more targeted vertical. So sure, billing is your product. In that case, agreed, it needs to be well-understood. In my dorm the extra run had to go from the ceiling above the dean's office, room to room above the drop ceiling tiles, through the built-in closets' top cabinets, and through cinderblock between every other room. Students were not allowed to have TVs, so the other part of the hack was to be in a video production class to be allowed to have a monitor, but open it up and splice a tuner to a BNC input then use a coax to BNC coupler, so the monitor looked absolutely normal from the outside. Awfully complicated to end up watching USA's "Up All Night" B movies hosted by Gilbert Gottfried. If using Safari, turn on the develop menu, then in the develop menu, disable images. (I have unlimited fast bandwidth, but sometimes like this anyway ... the text web.) I also run Adblock+ on all browsers. Is your storage at home Sarbanes-Oxley compliant? It's not the primary storage, it's the backups and data retention. What about videos? Explanation in the comments is that a user posting to a page normally shows the post as being from that user, but when posted through Sendible which in turn uses Facebook API, the user's post shows as the page owner instead. Sendible's saying in the comments that it's a Facebook Pages API bug. (Also, comments are saying it's not a "malicious" link.) At least for Xmarks, the post-mortem seems to have spurred a turnaround. The pledge drive mentioned in the article has been set aside pending a 100% purchase: > I’m pleased to announce that we’re in the final stages of completing a sale of Xmarks to a new owner who is 100% committed to keep our great browser sync service running smoothly. http://blog.xmarks.com/?p=2007 (A truly fantastic and indispensable service, allowing you to use any browser at any time and have all the native bookmarks synced across browsers and OSes. I am one of many who wouldn't mind paying a fee somewhere between Pinboard.in and Evernote.) You got lucky. Mine turned out like this: http://i.imgur.com/PvjWf.jpg (Sorry, I uploaded PNG, Imgur munged it.) Had to start in Safe Mode, resetting toolbars and themes didn't fix. Resetting all User Preferences did fix the appearance, but broke 1Password. Reinstalling 1Password (which supports Firefox 4 betas) didn't fix. (Adblock+ and Xmarks worked okay.) TimeMachine backup from 2 hours ago to the rescue: App, Profile, and Prefs, all's good. I "really edit" photos on the iPhone 4. The 5 megapixel camera is good enough, and these two tools are good enough: Photogene: http://www.i-photogene.com/photogene/main.html Tiffen Photo fx: http://www.tiffen.com/photofx_homepage.html The first is a quick crop, gamma, color balance editor. The second is an amazingly complete set of professional photo filters, based on their Photoshop filter suite. The Tiffen suite of filters support layering and masking. Toy apps like Camera Bag, Hipstamatic, and Instagram are cute but don't allow a photographer any artistic latitude. All photos end up looking like the same half dozen built-in lomo-esque effects. Since it hasn't been mentioned here yet, I'll recommend: http://konigi.com/tools/graph-paper You may have to print it yourself. They used to sell this: http://www.amazon.com/Wireframe-Graph-Paper-Notepad/dp/B0026... Web sites may be digital, but ideas are organic. Paper and pen involve more of your senses when getting ideas into shape. > We don't want no stinkin' DRM. Consumers don't care about DRM. Consumers care whether they can enjoy their media anytime, anywhere. Hollywood cares about DRM for the edge case of people who want to do something with media besides enjoy it anytime anywhere, such as give it away. DECE and PIFF are approaching an interoperable spec; the AES based methods used by Microsoft and Apple now vary only slightly. When consumers stop noticing DRM preventing them from legitimate use cases, it will be here to stay. PlayReady. PlayReady works on OS X. http://www.crunchgear.com/2010/05/25/netflix-goes-with-micro... Anyone watching have extra invites for HN? It's not email. The audience question and the answer about jokes from your Mom clarify: This is person-to-person conversations. The concept is that all communication between you and one other individual is an ordered sequence, regardless of the channel. This aggregates all channels into one person-to-person timeline. The biggest issue I see with it is uncertain latency. Email is low latency, SMS medium, and IM high. With the demo today, it's not clear how you can know when to expect someone to respond. Their example of leaving an IM w/o having to say "brb", and seeing the notification on the phone, is great for the receiver, but not so great for the sender, who doesn't know why latency just went through the roof. A well architected DRM could support lending and even support an aftermarket for used "media". However, it seems more likely Hollywood will eventually decide they're not selling media, but "entertainment experiences", and will try to train consumers to pay for the experience. Hollywood would like that, since one can't conveniently resell a used experience. Sorry, I'd written something else and edited, and didn't fix those. Yes, you're right, of course. I meant email is high latency, SMS medium latency, and IM low latency. In an earlier edit I'd used the word urgency, as in IM is high urgency. EDIT: Email is high latency, SMS medium, and IM low. (Response latency "goes through the roof" when moving from IM to one of the others.) Because Google isn't in the business you think they're in. The "woe is mob" TechCrunch author really should have highlighted this piece. The mob didn't kill a magazine, it killed an ongoing content theft mill. How do I contact you by email? Hard data from a real client: On a TV show with 10 million engaged viewers, each 1 second a URL is mentioned and shown on the screen translates into roughly 100,000 more visitors to that URL . Ten seconds of times translates into one million viewers. After that, it tapers off, though additional mentions and showings of the URL will get incremental traffic, and will spike if discussion says the URL offers something exclusive. Audience is roughly 1/4 per segment, A TV driven audience teaches a lot about scalability. I've been using this beta since the first iteration, and I still cannot stand the step backwards in usability from changing out the function of this switch. People use their iPhones to listen to things, but use iPads for the screen. On a device you listen to and that RINGS, making this a mute switch makes sense. On a device you use for the screen, you're often twisting and turning views between portrait and landscape such as to suit each new web site you visit, so making this an orientation lock makes sense. These devices are not the same, and the switch doesn't need to do the same thing. It was a bad decision. People don't confuse their iPhone with their iPad. Both functions are accessible from the home home swipe screen; the hardware switches could have remained purposed to the device's most common uses. Except for your example to be accurate, "Dove" would be trademarking the first half of their name, "Do", and then going around suing anyone using "Do" in their name. Look out Nike, can't use "Do" in "Just Do It" any more, people might confuse it with "Do"ve. Great example. The corner pub called McDougals would have a thing or two to say about it. Their fries are good, too. McDonald's doesn't get to split their name in half and trademark them separately. They can trademark McShake, but not Shake. They can trademark McFries, but not Fries. Facebook shouldn't get Face or Book. Those are not their name, and the words alone are far too generic. Microsoft doesn't get to trademark Micro or soft. Dove doesn't get to trademark Do or ve. Facebook doesn't get to trademark Face or Book. They can try, are trying, but letting them own the word "book" (or even "face") is ridiculous. And it could even be argued that the term "facebook" was in too common a use as a social directory description long before FB made it electronic. > "If you're dead-set on developers as your market, there are a ton of folks who still use svn with a gui because "no good git guis exist". These are the non-power-users of version control." Look at all the unanswered questions in Google results for how to integrate Mercurial or Git into Coda. This class of developer is looking for tools between Dreamweaver and curl -- arguably, most developers. Turning your tool into a plugin or add-on to some existing editors would garner a lot of them, with those editors' sites serving as a marketing platform too. > "But it doesn't make Ross's keyboard bad in any way" Here's one way -- it's certainly bad to have UPPERcase be a DOWNward flick. Perhaps he thought he wanted numbers above the lowercase letters on the top row to look something more like a real keyboard, but it's silly for the alphabet. > "And honestly? It sounds like you don't want to have to learn something new again." It seems this keyboard is chiefly for the sake of not learning any keyboard. Learn at least one, then complain about someone not wanting to learn another. // I touch type qwerty, azerty, and qwertz. I've got nothing against learning punctuation on new layouts. If the goal is applying something new to make "hunting and pecking" easier, this system is great: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FITALY Long before Swype, I enjoyed Fitaly on keyboards that were so small they needed a stylus. Fitaly is designed to minimize single finger travel: http://fitaly.com/fitaly/ofkey.htm I find the forced "Google Update" install more annoying. Plus, the uninstall note for Google Update points out that if you want to remove it, you must first remove all Google software, otherwise the Updater will be reinstalled within hours. Netflix's software traffic balances among Akamai, Limelight, and Level(3). If Comcast blocked Level(3)'s Netflix hosting, customers would still get streams, just pulled from Akamai and Limelight. I'd guess that Level3 is counting on "Tier 1 backbone" peering agreements to make delivering this bandwidth affordable while avoiding having to negotiate with each cable co separately, while Akamai and Limelight have direct agreements with the cable companies already. If this is what's going on, that would give Comcast leverage. > “Level 3′s position is simply duplicitous,” said Joe Waz, Comcast’s Senior Vice President for External Affairs, in a statement. “When another network provider tried to pass traffic onto Level 3 this way, Level 3 said this is not the way settlement-free peering works in the Internet world. When traffic is way out of balance, Level 3 said, it will insist on a commercially negotiated solution. Now, Level 3 proposes to send traffic to Comcast at a 5:1 ratio over what Comcast sends to Level 3, so Comcast is proposing the same type of commercial solution endorsed by Level 3.” I believe Comcast is pointing at when Level 3 blocked Cogent for pushing too much traffic onto Level 3: http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/105790/Level_3_Cogent... An interesting article on why de-peering matters: http://scrawford.blogware.com/blog/_archives/2005/10/22/1316... You hit the nail on the head. It makes it incredibly difficult to compete as a CDN when your upstream backbones start selling their "free" bandwidth as a CDN service that competes with yours. > given a target vertical or, ideally, a list of target companies Well, sure, "ideally" it's easy to find people to call, "given" a list of companies! Much more interesting if someone produces the list from a vertical. Not sure why this headline says "Office Building". Calling this an office building is like calling the Internet tubes. It's a colo hotel, with floors an entire block in size that are nothing but vast datacenter spaces. Here's the cable conduit: http://www.flickr.com/photos/78888924@N00/3808798230/ Here's Google's "office". Each of the colos fills this kind of space with cabinets or racks: http://www.sawagoodidea.com/wp-content/uploads/2005_11_googl... If you walk up or down 15th or 16th street and look at the windows, you'll see which floors are datacenter space because their windows are blocked out. For example: http://maps.google.com/maps?client=safari&q=111+8th+ave&... // We've been colo'd at 111 8th for a decade. Close is relative. http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&source=s_d&saddr=Wal... That's closer in "speed of light" to Wall St than the Newark / Jersey City colos, but computer trading tends to be in Jersey so that's where you'd go if wire speed is your goal. Try 165 Halsey St in Newark. Here's a map of who is already on each floor. Morgan Stanley has the entire 2nd floor: http://www.165halsey.com/ourbldg_bldgarea.asp There are a number of other buildings with office space in Manhattan. Not many have multiple datacenter floors covering a city block. One of these characteristics is more relevant to Google than the other. // As an aside, it's curious that 60 Hudson St looks so much like one end of 111 8th Ave. The headline here on HN fails to convey why Google has an interest in this building. That it contains offices is of secondary importance. We don't describe Interpol suspects by starting with the characteristic that they are 60% water. Also, the citation is speculation ("probably"). If the cost of power "precludes" a massive server farm in the building, there wouldn't be multiple massive server farms in the building. Our cost for power in Manhattan is only negligibly different than in Texas. The quote about rural areas with cheap power has nothing to do with the importance of being at 111 8th Ave for peering. My initial comment was about the headline, not the article, which doesn't mention the phrase "office building". More headlines like saying "Google bought an office building": - "Netflix offering $100,000 an hour for color video" - "Google spends $6M stock to keep computer user from Facebook" - "Joe Lieberman demands Amazon.com take English-language documents offline" They're true, but they're not the point. Netflix has been running on Linux for a while: http://www.tivo.com/linux/index.html Go to your settings and change so TAGGED PHOTOS OF YOU are set to visible to ONLY YOU. Then these photos are suppressed from your profile and from your photos section. You think deleting the registration before it expires should be normal? > What? Parent is just exercising parent's scrupulous vocabulary. It's enough to drive one inane. The layout of that block smells like Flickr-envy. You could, and then you could wait. The "download" button is actually a "request invite" button: Sign Up for an AeroFS Invite AeroFS is still in early alpha/beta. Please enter your email address below and we'll invite you as soon as we can :-) I myself, and some of my colleagues, have signed up from time to time since the thread 144 days ago, and we have yet to receive a single invite among us. Most of these are not "selling", they're providing normal 'connected' functionality. For example, any app that uses a name and password to access a server, they say is transmitting a password. Any app that you invoke "invite my friends", they say is transmitting your contacts. Yes, for example, Angry Birds is doing these things. But it's by your request. The graphic doesn't show the data being "sold" or sent to marketers. I found their reminders effective because they were so spot on, people I really did need to contact. See Topgrading[1]: "Simply put, topgrading is the practice of packing the team with A players and clearing out the C players," Smart writes. "'A players' is defined as the top 10 percent of talent available at all salary levels--best of class. With this radical definition, you are not a topgrader until your team consists of all A players. Period." [1] http://www.amazon.com/Topgrading-Leading-Companies-Coaching-... DRM lets them legitimately see content in digital form that they wouldn't otherwise be allowed to legitimately see. I dropped by to say this. The examples in Future Work 2 would all have been resolved by checking results against Soundex, a simple check with significant improvement. There are two classes of errors: misspellings and typos. Edit distance (Levenshtein) is reasonable for typos, while the examples in Future Work 2 are misspellings. Another trivial improvement is to weight edit distance by typo distance. Another change: the red X control quits, not just closes window. iTunes did the horizontal window controls first. If you don't like these, wait till you try Tweetie 2 aka Twitter for Mac. It makes them smaller and black. There's more than enough blank area to drag, enough there could have been a bit more space between the window controls and the nav back/fwd buttons. However, it feels like this is a move towards more standard window shapes and icon locations between the desktop and the iDevices. Everything's right where you'd expect it to be on an iPad. Facebook PR claims deletions "work their way through" logs, backups. cough Also an argument against offices. Offices often lead to cubicles, which lead to headphones, which lead to hearing loss. PS. InclinedPlane = Lazy dog. On the contrary, compromised means weakened, and security of all accounts was weakened. The original headline was a weasel word. Bait would have been to say 10M stolen, since they're not saying which or how many were actually taken. But any could have been, meaning all accounts' passwords are to be considered compromised. Actually, sensationalist theories aside, I typed in a headline on an iPad long after copying the URL to clipboard in a different app. The omission of the original author's weasel word was unintentional. No, I do not know that in that context it meant "stolen". That's not the conventional meaning. I stand by the assertion that compromised means compromised, and that information in that article makes it clear all accounts were compromised (had their security breached), while unknown which individual accounts were stolen. Update from their FAQ: How do I know if my password was hacked? We believe it’s best to be cautious. So, if you’ve registered your account with Trapster, then it’s best to assume that your e-mail address and password were included among the compromised data. That's all 10 million they're saying that to. Someone has to authorize the purchase. Spending $500 to download 7zip or a couple free utils sounds like a lot. Add software that Windows IT guys have all heard of, so your repository screenshot has a scroll bar. Then try pricing it at $59 so the IT guy can put it on a corp card now and explain it later if someone asks. And not whatsoever related to a biased agenda among the reviewers? Very different things matter to those who gravitate to one or the other. iPhone users rate it down if it doesn't work miracles without them even thinking about it. Android users rate it up for maxing out tech specs and embodying "open" principles. True, I exaggerate. But these self-selecting groups rate on different criteria. Uncommon to see "bit rot" affecting the chipset itself. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_rot A company that's spent a long time getting good at a disruptive technology, something that appears simple yet requires a deep understanding, while the incumbent are all focused on incremental improvements of soon to be legacy technology. something+something@gmail.com is a valid email address. Pet peeve: sites telling me to put in a valid email address when I already did. (You're collecting addresses. You'll validate them by mailing to them. If someone doesn't put it in right, they won't get mailed. That's fair. If they do put it in right, but you reject it, that's not fair.) You checked it against the assertion of the most interested party? It's not "click" data, it's the correlation between search term and SERP. That someone visited such and such a page after a click isn't the issue. That someone Googled for a unique term before clicking is at issue. Grandparent: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2168377 Googling with Bing: http://www.collegehumor.com/video:1915736 No, they haven't worked that out. They're just "making their search experience better". They have no idea what this means. > "the technique cannot be of the form 'if on google, do x' ... Rather, it is likely they look at what users search and what results they get" How do they look at what a user searches and what result they get? Ok, the "click stream" can see what pages a user visits. But to get the search term, they are parsing something, and unless they implemented a universal search recognizer that will rank up results from any old site's search (allowing 20 SEO guys to push private SERPs to the top), it seems more than probable the parser indeed would start with "if on google, do x". Your assertion Bing is most likely to be accurate about Bing ignores self-interest and spin. However, agreed -- clickstream means series of clicks, and the actual data is a series of URLs. The query "happening" to be in the URL has no "search > result" meaning without a parser being told to look for Google's particular keyword query indicators and correlate the subsequent page. As most URLs are not searches, this is not emergent behavior; it's programmed. People also talk about this being a "weak" signal, but given search volume (or clickstream volume if you prefer) on Google versus other sources, even if this code is generic (e.g., recognize all "q=blah" or "search=blah" as keywords and correlate the following URL), it seems the signal would be strong indeed. Google's weak signal would provide several times more correlative data to Bing than Bing's own clicks. Not that there's anything wrong with that! But Bing's blog assertions feel disingenuous -- they play this game well: http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/06/kayak-bing/ Most referrers do not contain search terms. You can't look at REFERER and infer it indicates the subsequent URL is correlated on a given keyword. If that's what you want, you write a parser to look at URLs, recognize human-determined search indicators (q=, s=, search=), and correlate the subsequent URL with the indicated keywords. Hand waving that this is "clickstream" data doesn't mean Bing is not looking specifically for Googled search terms and the resultant user selected URLs. I personally don't mind them doing it. I just think their post is non-responsive in hopes of persuading the non-technical reader there's "no deliberate copying to see here" when they're clearly intentionally ingesting an extraordinary volume of Google-keyword-to-Google-result data and using that data to map keywords seen only on Google to results on Bing. Flattery, etc.: http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/06/kayak-bing/ > We can't apply skepticism to one source and not the other. Either Google and Bing are not blogging with self-interest and spin - and thus Bing are more trustworthy because they're blogging about themselves, or they both are blogging with self-interest and spin - and still Bing are more trustworthy because they're blogging about themselves. Libel laws prohibit indiscriminate accusation, while there's no law against puffery. The premise a company's own public relations messaging is more trustworthy than an outsider because the company's PR is about themselves seems without merit -- otherwise we would deem companies more trustworthy whenever an outsider points fingers, and send all the journalists, whistleblowers, and wiki-leakers home. "Nope, sorry, I believe the company, because they're talking about themselves ." Google presented incontrovertible data. Bing's PR tactic is "Google does this or that worse thing and profits off it" -- distracting hand waving -- "plus we're not copying anyway" -- deliberately disingenuous. Responsive would be: Of course our toolbar is recognizing search terms across the top N search sites, and correlating human selected results as an indicator of search intent and result quality for those search terms. This is the same thing you do when you look at your own web stats and check inbound search terms for your own pages: 'How relevant are my pages, and am I showing my users what they are looking for?' This is the very definition of 'improving your search experience' as outlined when you install our toolbar. We're thrilled so many of you chose our Internet Explorer browser and Bing Toolbar that this provides us meaningful data on user search intent. We want to thank Google for demonstrating we are truly 'improving your search experience' using well accepted Internet crowd-sourcing techniques. We agree, however, that generating correlations solely from competitor listings -- when we have no existing correlation in our own data corpus -- could be misperceived, so going forward, we will not create correlations solely from competitor results where none existed in our data. However, like every webmaster, we will continue to use crowd-sourced search term and results data from across the web to refine our suggestion order towards best predicting the information you want to find. Centimeters away, you have over a hundred buttons. For those reading along: loaned not gave He's right it's slow to let you interact. He's dead wrong that it doesn't download in the background. Most reviewers commented on the sluggish cover flow without realizing it's still downloading for quite some time once you get the first pages. Watch the spinner in upper left. Most of the issue downloads AFTER you can interact. Possibly getting the visual thumbnail index, cover, toc, and if they're nuts, intro video (talking head telling you what stories are in the issue). There's an option to autostart the talking head, they think it's that cool. I read this: > I’m saying they need to engineer the app so that it can start showing something interesting in 10 seconds or less — and then keep downloading the rest of the issue, piece by piece, in the background. And that's exactly what it does. It keeps downloading the rest (most of it in fact), piece by piece, in the background. Just takes too long to first interaction. If this is true, I wonder if the Feminism 101 manifesto will get revised. EDIT: Feminism 101 asserts "that time of the month" has no alterations in behavior or thought other than threshold of feedback. That patience is lessened, so a woman doesn't think differently, she is more likely to speak her actual mind on something she would have otherwise just put up with. Citation: http://shakespearessister.blogspot.com/2010/01/feminism-101.... > He doesn't say it doesn't download things in the background. He excplicitly says it does that. Where does he explicitly say it downloads things in the background, or even vaguely imply it? At no point does he acknowledge it downloads anything after the initial spinner. "Watching a splash screen rotate a “Loading…” spinner for 80 seconds isn’t it." Full quote: "I’m not saying The Daily needs to magically make an entire new issue download to an iPad in 10 seconds or less. I’m saying they need to engineer the app so that it can start showing something interesting in 10 seconds or less — and then keep downloading the rest of the issue, piece by piece, in the background." He's specifically not -- and neither was I -- talking about downloading in the background when the app isn't running: "I realize" , he says, "that iOS has no mechanism that would allow The Daily to have issues download automatically in the background, overnight." Instead, his last two paragraphs are asking for them to "engineer" a mechanism to show something quickly and download more after. He points out other apps that have such a mechanism, and accomplish it in varying amounts of time. This app also has such a mechanism, but no phrase acknowledges that. If he knew it was doing that, he could have said, "Like Flipboard and others, The Daily is downloading most of the issue in the background, but since they already have that mechanism built in, they need to get the new issue's cover shown in 10 seconds instead of 80." Instead, he says, "they need to engineer the app so that it can start showing something interesting ... then keep downloading the rest of the issue piece by piece", as though it weren't already "engineered" to do such a thing, just choosing to get too much. As an aside, something's up with his broadband. I'm in NYC. Not sure what's wrong with his connection, but here's how long it takes on my iPad which is slow on WiFi with the 4.3 beta 2 dev build: 0 - 10 seconds: splash screen (app itself is loading) 10 - 22 seconds: black (what's that about?) 22 - 44 seconds: Loading... spinner (initial pages loading) 44 seconds: cover image and adjacent pages viewable, interactivity enabled Note that this is roughly half the time he's experiencing. 45 seconds to completion: spinner changes to 0% - 100% progress pie chart, issue can be browsed while this is downloading the rest of the issue. He may in fact mean what you're saying, but that's not what he wrote. He wrote a lot of copy about engineering a mechanism to show something and download more later, without once acknowledging it has such a mechanism already. Final proof I'm not misreading: "I noticed yesterday that it took way too long to load the day’s new issue. From the time I tapped the icon on my home screen until I could read a single page, today’s issue took one minute and twenty seconds." No. At the time you can read a single page, it has not downloaded "the day's issue". It has downloaded enough for interactivity to begin. It downloads most of "today's issue" after he stopped the timer. I'm wondering if they're downloading the into video. > You asserted that currently the app downloads and is usable in 10 seconds. It is not. That's my contention, based on DF, and that is where the confusion lied in your comment. On the contrary, my first comment was: "He's right it's slow to let you interact. He's dead wrong that it doesn't download in the background." Furthermore, I provided my own timings, none of which "asserted" it's usable in 10 seconds. Again, I agree with Gruber it's slow. I disagree with you that I read him wrong. He did fail to acknowledge the app is engineered to download most of the issue in the background after (too slowly, whether 45 seconds or 80) allowing interactivity to begin. Discussing this any further risks becoming circular. Not a shotgun. [Creel] comments, “The gunfire itself dictates how and what can be done. I use .22 caliber bullets and have to take into account the size of the bullets as well as the energy of the blast behind the projectile. The bullets dictate the size of the images I make and the blast knocks the paint off around each bullet hole: this all has to be planned for when I am designing a piece.” Creel holds his rifle directly against 4 x 6 white aluminum panels and fires as many as 5,000 bullets per panel to create his a finished piece. -- http://www.handeyemagazine.com/node/104 "the projectile" A shotgun doesn't fire a single projectile, unless this is some kind of weird shotgun slug in a .22 shotgun cartridge. Certainly seems more likely this particular headline and linked article are wrong, while all the other articles on the artist's site are right. Chuckle ... Clean URL blogger doesn't fixup his own URLs! > Something about Sparrow just doesn't feel right. No search box? It's buried in the menus though. Right, if you have Show Preview panel open. Some elements depend on the size of your window, which, frankly, I like. I remarked on this because others have found the search not to be where they expect. The app store version, right click a message, choose either Label or Archive and Label. He never quit Microsoft. ;-) > * An iPad without Kindle is slightly worse than a sh tty microsoft win7 tablet IMO. Assuming, of course, that the only thing people do with their iPads is read. (Personally, I can't make myself read for very long on an iPad anyway. I do fine on Kindle DX and Sony Reader. I would do best on a folding two screen eInk device the size of the tall Sony Reader, that opened to reveal two facing pages.) Same thing for my iBooks, which filled with PDFs and epubs, organized into Collections. Of Development :: Of Robotics For Developers :: For Robots … says tabloid. EDIT: "An Open Letter to the Apple News Community on Steve Jobs’ Health, Professional Boundaries and Not Being Douchebags" -- http://forkbombr.net/apple-news-open-letter/ The actual point values seem wildly meaningless, perhaps you shouldn't even display them. For a minute there, I thought you were summing the article points and the total points of all comments, which would be an interesting ranking as well. I'll believe the gloom and doom about 30% on subscriptions when publishers stop sending me postcards offering 90% off the subscription price if I renew for another year. This struck me as odd as well. In our RT, we have ~ 200,000 "ad hoc" issues tracked to date by a team distributed across three continents and for thousands of customers, with no complaints. Request Tracker by Best Practical is an amazingly flexible product, straightforward, yet easily tweaked into whatever workflow most any organization could need. That said, we use TRAC for software project management and project-based issue tracking. Thank you for this reminder. Incognito stops Facebook on third party sites as well as Google AdSense and Google Analytics: http://www.orbicule.com/incognito/ It killed the Facebook comments section on this TechCrunch article too. Incognito protects your privacy by blocking Google Adsense and Google Analytics on non-Google pages. In addition, it allows you to optionally block Facebook content on third-party websites as well as embedded YouTube movies outside of the YouTube website. http://www.orbicule.com/incognito/ It blocked the comments on this TechCrunch article for me, and it blocks "Like" buttons everywhere for me too. > It's a sad state of affairs when people do not care about the contracts that they read. That's where your analogy fell off the rails. Signing an NDA is a binding agreement, while reading an email footer places one under no obligation whatsoever. I have the exact opposite sense of discomfort. I started with System V and BSD 4.3 around the same time, then Solaris and FreeBSD, then OS X. Throughout this, Linux always felt "out in left field". If you look at the UNIX family tree, you'll see why each makes the other feel a little disconnected: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Unix_history-simple.svg I'm baffled by the premise of this "casual" gem user who is worried about "barriers to entry" yet wants to use... gcc. Friend of mine who loves VIM recently switched from Ubuntu on PC clone to OS X on MacBook Pro. He doesn't use a mouse for anything, ever. Just because the icons are there doesn't mean you have to click them. Sounds like you just need someone to show you how Mac keyboard customisation works. Which is where he loses me. If that person wants to deal with gcc, they're not casual, and spending an hour grabbing latest libs and tools is how they roll, Xcode or no. Any time I'm on CPAN I end up updating 50 other things and 3 hours later wonder what I was looking for in the first place. My comment and link shows Linux is not shared heritage UNIX, it's its own line, not a branch on the tree. I wasn't talking about BSD 4.3 versus OS X. But if your comment is sincere: http://www.bsdatwork.com/2004/08/11/differentiating_among_bs... As for the OP, this is a nice "BSD for Linux Users" piece: "BSD is what you get when a bunch of Unix hackers sit down to try to port a Unix system to the PC. Linux is what you get when a bunch of PC hackers sit down and try to write a Unix system for the PC." http://www.over-yonder.net/~fullermd/rants/bsd4linux/02 I'm talking about the OS, not an editor. If you have to touch mouse or trackpad ever, you're doing it wrong. As noted elsewhere though, you do need to turn on keyboard accessibility. And as for what's missing--window sizing. That's a free or $10 add on depending on how slick you want it. Out of the box means without third party add on. Changing a pref is available in the box. My iPad has a USB port.. it's a dongle, and everything from keyboards to headphones works. Clever production, but wildly implausible: video frequency through audio DAC (best video compression in the world is still a postage stamp if you're trying to fit through a dial up modem); device sorts out screen characteristics; device sorts out picture should be split across four monitors; device so "powerful" to take over jumbotron yet so weak it has to be inches from bus stop screen, etc. I didn't vote on your remark, but elsewhere in this thread, it's demonstrated with six lines of PHP that the contents will be exposed. We use Posterous for exactly that: http://blog.advection.net/ This isn't about Apple. It's about an innovative 'hack' using organic materials to beautify and humanize a technology device. At least, that's how I see this case. If a headline ends with a ?, the answer is generally "No." From the article: > There is no way in hell any company would launch an engineering or accounting competition. Ahem: http://www.netflixprize.com/ There's a lot of discussion here about comments and votes, but only one or two remarks in this thread note the clearest differentiator I see between "old guard" and newbie users: the meaning of the up/down arrows. Old guard would prefer to vote on a "Contributes/Detracts" axis, while new users vote on an "Agree/Disagree" or "Like/Dislike" axis. Arguments about this erupt in threads, with newer users generally saying, "It's a democracy, this site is what the majority want it to be, and if most of us want it like this, your loss." But such an approach devolves into pop pablum. I believe most other ideas here would be unnecessary if the meaning of the up/down arrows could be resolved either socially or algorithmically. The "correct" solution would be to offer a quadrant, with contributes/detracts on one axis, and agree/disagree on the other. But that would require a rewrite. Instead of a rewrite, I'd experiment with temporarily changing the arrows to say something explicitly supporting well reasoned comments: 17 points by uptown 1 hour ago [ contributes | detracts ] link | parent | flag Some would undoubtedly still interpret these as a rightness axis like "agree/disagree", so perhaps an even more familiar pair of terms: 17 points by uptown 1 hour ago [ content | spam ] link | parent | flag However, the term "content" might lead to voting up every valid content remark, so the positive word should be something with more of a value judgment, while still being a word that can apply to points of view with which one disagrees: 17 points by uptown 1 hour ago | interesting* | spam | link | parent | flag The idea with the vocabulary choice is that a neutral comment would not be clicked on, and "interesting" is directly in the HN charter. I think this type of vocabulary is more in line with the desire to see well reasoned or contributory discussion flourish. * Mouse over the word "interesting" could tooltip: "This comment made me think." // This account is ~400 days old, but a prior anonymous account is ~800 days old, giving some perspective on the trend over time. EDIT: Single click, long delay, resulted in double post. Edited this one out to save page space. Could someone scroll that page to the right? I wondered if there was a signup link over there, but I didn't feel like scrolling. > The more people that move here, the better. Our culture is built on blending other cultures together and changing from generation to generation. This used to be true. It is no longer true. Now, many of those who move here fight to preserve their distinct culture, and to stay separate and apart. Thirty years ago, immigrant parents forced kids to only speak English even in the home. Newly arrived parents look for ways to have their kids speak their native language and stay within the group for their friends, saying, "I don't want them to be like Americans." Among the various immigrant communities I'm familiar with, the "melting pot" ethos is history except in rare cases. > To me it sounds like nativist BS. Anyone who wants to get ahead in the US learns English and learns it well, it's as simple as that. On the contrary, many among these communities have been here 20 years, working as adults, and have no English at all. Are they getting ahead? They send money "back home" (they still call it home), so they feel they are ahead. But they want nothing to do with the melting pot culture. They subscribe to ethnic TV, shop in ethnic groceries, put kids in ethnic (native language) preschools. I regularly see grade school age children born in the United States who struggle with an English sentence, but speak fluent Russian or Spanish. > In any case, I think it's good that people hang on to something. Interacting with various Italian groups in the past, when I was in the US, I'd meet middle aged people who spoke little or no Italian because their Italian parents or grandparents had not taught them. Many of them were sad that they'd never learned the language. Hanging on to something is wonderful. That's the melting pot ethos -- a marvelous blend of the things worth hanging onto. Holidays, cooking, customs, cultural fairy tales -- I was raised with these almost to a fault. I think you see this approach to blending among Scandinavians in Minnesota, for example, and I applaud it. > Forcing your kids to be monolingual is a travesty and something they can never get back as adults: only as a child will you really learn to speak several languages well. On several of these points, you cite the opposite concept to an extreme, to more easily shoot that down. Well certainly, raising your kids monolingual would be a travesty -- and that's exactly what I'm decrying as well. If you moved to America then raise your kids to speak only your native tongue at the expense of any English, it's a problem. I'm thrilled to have been raised among a smattering of languages and cultures. We'd listen to, and be spoken to, in the native languages of our grandparents. As a child, I understood several, improving my grasp of the mechanics of English. I'm also thankful to have lived my teens in Europe and Africa, with my folks putting us in local language schools instead of English language schools. In short, I am not remotely "nativist". I encourage emigration and immigration alike, and do not believe immigrants "cannot be assimilated". That said, I believe if you move to a place, whether Denmark or America, "to make a better life" for yourself, it bears thinking that there's something about the way that place is that appeals to you more than the place you left, and it might be a good idea to be less hostile to adopting and adapting to a new way of life. It seems to me the melting pot idea is: come to a country not to forget your roots or forgo your heritage (right of blood), but to make your new country your home (right of soil). > And I asserted that not teaching children a language so that they can 'fit in' is a very tragic thing to do Like, say, not teaching them English, when you also said "you need to speak English to get ahead in the US". The emergence of (taxpayer funded) schools where English is not the primary language, supposedly so the kids can at least get an education even though they don't know English, is the sort of thing I'm talking about when I say "it's no longer true": http://www.cnn.com/CNN/Programs/anderson.cooper.360/blog/200... I loved this comment: I am a Swiss born, now US Citizen; in my Country of birth I had to learn 3 languages (Italian, German, French) plus latin (this was optional) and English; later I learned Spanish and Portuguese. My wife is Latin American, we live in Florida, at home we speak spanish, english and a little italian. When we moved to the US my children did not talk a word in english, but we would never accepted them not to learn the mother tongue of this Country. I belive that is importat the children keep talking the language of their parents, but they need to perfectly manage first the language of the Country they live in. Spanish is a very important language and I agree, support and encourage theaching it in every school but this as a second language. In my personal experience learning a new language or improving one you already manage, not only helps you communicate with others, but opens your cultural horizons and help understanding and tolerance among populations. Is that comment "nativist"? I suggested a change from comment arrows to comment action links to help clarify this in PG's "How do we fix this?" thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2408048 In the final iteration of my suggestion, the upvote was replaced with the link word "interesting" for exactly your reason. Only if your education differed from the so-called basket of techniques lumped together as "the Montessori method". It's been my experience that a home environment with parents who read and care about expanding horizons will tend to offer the children guided "self-directed" learning, observation and indirect teaching, and productive routines of "focused" activities versus idle play, and these children will tend to outperform peers without that same desire to constantly learn instilled in them -- regardless of the formal education they acquire. I see this argument emerge on every "community" site after it crosses a threshold, and consider it disingenuous. If a small self moderating community of stamp collectors posted a few articles of interest to letter writers, word spread, and letter writers joined the community at a ratio of 10:1 till only letter writing articles hit the front page, the only thing this argument would prove is that the one making it is probably a letter writer. You're right though, if stamp collectors don't like the letter writing articles, they don't have to vote for them. Doesn't matter much--their stamp collecting community is "organic" and "community moderated". My experience covers parents who make an active choice about where their kids go to school versus those who don't. Both my parents were teachers and youth group leaders. We therefore interacted with more parent/kid combos than most people do. Pick a sizable group of kids selected to indicate strong parental interest in how the children learn. For example, kids whose parents at any point considered homeschooling them. You'll see above average scores, even if, in fact, the child in question ended up never being home schooled. The selected trait seems to be simply parental interest in the child's learning. Curiously, the Wikipedia article on Montessori claims among randomly selected/rejected applicants, the selectees performed better. That would seem to eliminate other variables. But it also says any difference was gone again by age 12, quite a few years before the successes cited in the link. I suspect that given the right home environment, it's not that Montessori makes your kid smarter, but that generic grade schools make your kid dumber until the age children manifest individuality. Also see "Outliers" for thoughts on how arbitrary performance and learning measurements seem in grade school as a function of birth month versus school year. More content and a video here: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/42460541/ns/technology_and_scien... Flagged for stupidity. (Actually, for being not-news, not-interesting.) // TL;DR Summary: "Why, when I stop paying for service, does Flickr stop providing it? Those jerks." > better than anyone else ever will Have a look at Skyhook, cited by developers as an upgrade to Google's location service built into Android, and as the location service in original iPhones: http://www.skyhookwireless.com/ In general, it's considered superior to Google's service. Citation: In comparing the two systems, Fruzzetti notes that Google’s technology can be off by as much .2 miles, whereas Skyhook’s technology has attracted manufacturers and developers like Motorola, Gowalla and Peekboo with “accuracy within 10 to 20 meters.” http://bostinnovation.com/2010/09/28/skyhook-v-google-iath-4... Sort of: http://mashable.com/2009/11/27/silverlight-iphone/ Click "flag". I'd still like to see an experiment where the up and down arrows (generally interpreted to mean "agree/disagree") are replaced with "| interesting | spam" before the present "|link" in the comment header. Or any two words that intellectually interrupt the "vote up / vote down" reflex to vote down unpopular or dissenting points of view no matter how well thought out. Hat tip on saying comments with karma removed are point-less. ;-) My experience is the opposite of yours. I find karma as it has become here recently is not a reflection of good counterpoints. I feel it has become a reflection of the popular points. Well argued counter points, if unpopular, are "voted down". Assuming the thread sorts by karma, you can still read in order, and get what you're looking for, and maybe you'll read things that are less popular, not just the majority-upvoted comments. Another comment here talked about score, a gaming term. I don't like the term "score". Like you, I value thoughtfulness and interestingness, whichever side of a point it comes from. In user profiles, karma can work as a gaming feedback mechanism to encourage desired behavior, while in a comment thread, it can work to surface insightful discussion and bury non-contributory content. A display of "score" isn't needed for the second mechanism, just good sorting. However, it seems that a refinement of seeing your own 'score' on your own comments could be valuable towards the first mechanism: "How was my comment received?" That dopamine hit is valuable to foster recurring contribution. It's not clear to me why Dropbox would need your keys to de-dupe. He says so in the article, but doesn't say why. Why not compute the file hash on your local machine before encryption, and check that hash against a master dupe list (hash, dupe_count) of all hashes from all users' pre-encrypted local files? Secondly, I cannot see how this requires there to be an index of users hashes. Surely one could store hashes with reference count, increment when a user adds, decrement when a user deletes. The user ID isn't necessary for a reference counter. Not saying Dropbox isn't doing what he says. But he says de-duping proves they can decrypt and proves they have a list of who has the same files. I don't see it from de-dupe alone. Points are not a substitute for citations or sound reasoning. Your example is a perfect one of how useless points are in such a case. 5 points or 150, you still didn't learn "why". Could be that people just like the guy who made the comment. Your prayers have been answered -- Eye-Fi SD cards do just that. Stick one in a digicam, and you're good to go. http://www.eye.fi/products/mobilex2 DirectNIC is fantastic, not to mention they withstood Hurricane Katrina holed up in their office in downtown New Orleans. Welcome to dialup, average latency 220 ms. > I don't see how "Numbers" is any more intuitive than "Calc" In an office, ask a bookkeeper, sales manager, whomever, "Hey, show me the numbers!", and you're going to see a spreadsheet. If you ask, "Hey, show me the calc!", you'll get a blank look. Evidence suggests "Numbers" is a perfectly cromulent word. There's a lot of redundancy in those results Helps so devs can't reply, "Well, that guy was just stupid". His comment had two parts. How would I know you didn't up vote for the poll remark? I'll tell you how... By reading your comment. :-) Finally! RTMP is an abomination. Now let's get Apple HTTP Adaptive Bitrate Streaming and SSTP into Flash Player too. Biased feature comparison: http://learn.iis.net/page.aspx/792/adaptive-streaming-compar... I've built two video streaming CDNs over past 14 years, certified by both techs: http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/press/2000/Feb00/DigitalB... http://www.wowzamedia.com/partners.html http://www.microsoft.com/windows/windowsmedia/forpros/servic... RTMP is missing basic features for modern scalable distributed video delivery (video from more than one server), which is odd since it was actually late to the game. Meanwhile, these newer HTTP streaming (not talking about progressive download or pseudo streaming) protocols let you leverage much more widely adopted and understood delivery platforms. Absolutely love your work, btw. Not a huge fan of HLS for our customers even with libraries of tens of thousands of full length movies serving to iOS. Latency is the number one complaint. Meanwhile, to your point, we churn out video broadcasting sites for clients on RTMP. EDIT:(We support server side PPM on RTSP, RTMP, and both Apple and Microsoft adaptive HTTP, from WMS, IIS Media Services, Wowza, DSS, and FMS. This makes us pretty familiar with the buffering approaches, and agree with you, Apple's is essentially broken. That said, the value of being able to leverage a more "commodity" HTTP infrastructure is huge.) Been meaning to talk to you some time about x264 in the near real time mode. Drop me contact info to my user name at gmail? PS. We use both Red5 and Wowza, but usually Wowza for these kinds of projects, which we have deployed CDN-wide. You can find a nice table of disruptive tech in the new intro to the revised edition of Innovator's Dilemma. I think you mean you're 80th percentile (better than the bottom 80%, or 80% below you and 20% above you). These percentages of ownership are called "membership interests", and they can be for operating or non-operating partners or investors. Both people and corporations can be members in an LLC. Many of the biggest companies use LLCs for their advantages. Check the return label on your next package from Amazon. This comment is almost exactly backwards for most startup purposes. In particular, S Corp compliance is more tedious and costly, while ownership structure is less flexible. > In my state (IL) it costs $250 annually to keep your LLC in good standing, while it costs $75 a year for an S-Corp. The other reply to yours is detailed and refutes each of your points, so I'll just address this. If you're thinking this $175 difference is relevant, you should probably just stick with a sole proprietorship. On seven figures of revenue, my main LLC's tax bill (company + members, the same CPA handling it all) is some $7500 a year, but would run twice that as an S corp, and about four times that as a C corp. Before this company, the last LLC I was a member of grew to 8 figures a year in revenue as an LLC, and changed to C corp only when we took $27M in funding. Prior to those, and before receiving genuinely good advice on the flexibility afforded by LLCs when pursuing high growth and investment, I used S corps. By comparison, LLCs are fantastic. PS. "Go look it up" seems a little snide. Again, my last LLC earned 8 figures a year in revenue with several accredited investor bridges under our belts, before taking $27M in funding and converting to C. My current LLC earns 7 figures a year. In both, we did things that were quite complex, and being an LLC made them easy compared to being an S. In my experience, your comments are exactly backwards. That "body of law" is also a box. It significantly constrains your options. Trip-dub! And a canonical URL in your header. IfByPhone's conferencing does this, they call it "Smart Conference". Love it, nobody joins the call late. Freaks people out. Some even tell the group, "Hi, this is Joe, sorry I can't talk right now, I need to jump on call." "Um, Joe, you're on it." PS. IfByPhone offers an API for it too: http://public.ifbyphone.com/about/press/ifbyphone-announces-... On IfByPhone, the moderator or host sees on the dashboard they dropped, clicks a "call 'em back" button. http://public.ifbyphone.com/services/conference-calling This actually about how to scale the physical and logical infrastructure needed to compute a network of similars in reasonable amounts of time, not how to build the data structure or algorithms needed to compute a network of similarity. You'd think the article might mention it's Amazon doing the "cloud storage" part. My biggest issue with Sparrow is failure to support "Unread" count across a set of labels. Those with a high volume of mail often set up filters to pre-file that mail. I then use Apple Mail's "Smart Mailbox" to roll up the unread messages from only those labels that matter, while ignoring the labels containing mostly bulk content. For me, any program that interacts with Gmail and doesn't support seeing unread count across labels, can't be used. Disappointed. I paid for Sparrow, and wish it could be used. The update wasting more screen real estate to let you choose between Inbox and another label could so easily have been the killer feature it failed to be. > hold the view... that programming ability is an inborn trait I recently wrote someone a recommendation where I argued that programming languages and patterns are readily teachable, but holding a complex model in the mind and communicating it effectively to peers, laymen, or computers (the computer is the ultimate simpleton) is less easily taught. Much obliged. Anyone wanting to try hosting their own HD or SD video portfolio in WebM can try http://www.vive.ly/ which is like parts of Dropbox, Zencoder, and Hulu in a blender, for original video files you want backed up, encoded, and published publicly or privately -- without the YouTube problems of giving up your copyrights or having competitor videos promoted alongside yours. Drop your originals in a folder, we encode into SD and HD in H.264, Ogg, and WebM, and build you a mini-Hulu video site that works in Flash, Silverlight, or HTML5 across browsers. You can also download the encoded files for use elsewhere, embed them, or rebrand the video site with your own logo and domain name. Use our Hacker News invite code hd4yc to sign up free, and let us know what you think of the WebM encodes. We encode all the files in parallel, and the video pages update as the versions become available, so you may have to wait a bit for the WebM encodes to finish. Heh, I suppose I was being too polite. I'm not sure holding that mental model in the head can be taught. I think it's a key driver of excellence in innovation and insight across a variety of industries, not just software development, and whether nature or nurture, seems to be formed very early--through avid reading or story telling, perhaps? I agree with your linked comment about teaching. One university teacher told me that to lead someone to your point of view, you must first put your arm around them making you start the discussion from where you can see theirs. That'd be great. Will do. Anyone else would like a custom promo code for your customers, organization, or community, just ask. EDIT: Created and sent. We prototyped that, and by pushing out the HD H264 file we encode to those services, it works, but we wanted to keep this as simple as possible at start. We're thinking about an "advanced settings" control panel to enable those kinds of features: "[x] I'm a pro, let me do more.". Ideas welcome! As founder, I'd love to hear your thoughts, especially on making it more useful. My email's my username on gmail. I'm open tomorrow to call, just let me know contact info and time/timezone (I'm US/Eastern). Same for anyone else who's interested! If the Vively subscriber sets his settings to HTML 5 or "video for everyone" it will use that by default. If you visit from iPad, you'll see video in HTML 5 regardless of the user's Flash setting. Btw, if you post a vertical video shot on iPhone, that works too, it will be shown vertical. We try to use the playback tech most likely to feel familiar and give good performance for the end user (viewer). A Vively subscriber can set to HTML 5, though, then preference is Ogg for Firefox, WebM for Chrome, H.264 for Safari. It's pay as you go, not monthly recurring. The help for logged in users is TenderApp, and the signup welcome email provides several contact emails. You can reach me with my username on gmail. Will add contact info to about page, thanks for pointing out the oversight. Enable Dev mode (by plugging into Xcode) then you can swipe left and right between apps, or push up to see the MRU app list. The swipe left and right makes it feel the apps are running, you're just switching screens. Convenient and fast. iPhone is for utilities, iPad for immersion. Debunked: http://www.appleinsider.com/articles/11/04/19/android_fans_a... In fact, from the OP's article: "There's just one small problem. While the photo above might make great fodder for those reflexively inclined to believe that Apple has no case, the fact is that the photo is utterly misleading." Debunked by the OP's article despite the misleading headline. And regardless of AppleInsider, facts is facts: Samsung's wasn't seen till after Apple's was seen. He added, he continued... These are press release words. I wonder why they're showing up here? From the article: > "Relying on someone else's IT to keep your business up and operating perfectly is like walking across Times Square without looking at traffic and relying on every bus, taxi bike and pedicab to give you the right of way automatically." I enjoyed a quote I read on here the other day, paraphrased for symmetry: Relying on someone else's Information Technology to keep your business up and operating perfectly is like relying on someone else's Structural Engineering to build and operate the skyscraper you use for your office. Your business is unique in some way. Choose the right partners to rely on to do what they do well, so you can work on doing what you do better. The feel was like that, but with generous whitespace (blackspace?) and room for just a handful of items, useful for glanceable overall prioritization. Thanks for the reminder on Geckoboard, another project can make good use of it. Almost! I see I commented in that thread, and I recall looking at a number of "kanban" style web apps. If I can't find the one I'm looking for, one of these may be able to be adapted, so thank you very much for finding that. The one with the charcoal background was even simpler, and I think it was shown here later in the year, late summer or fall. Thanks for reminding about site:, I'm reviewing all the threads mentioning kanban in case it's one of those. If I do find it, I will update this thread. https://splendidbacon.com it is! Now I don't feel so bad for being utterly unable to recall the name. But at least it was charcoal and last fall (Monday, 18 October 2010). (Better Means looks like an intriguing concept for certain projects -- thanks for the pointer.) It's even easier if you measure per week instead of per year since a week has ~10,000 minutes. Then the rule of thumb is 10 minutes is 0.1%, 1 minute is 0.01%, and 6 seconds is 0.001%; or 10 mins = 99.9%, 1 min = 99.99%, and 6 seconds = 99.999% respectively. (Note that 6 seconds a week * 52 weeks = 5.2 minutes, same as the reference table above.) Programmers don't think in years, but they can think in "any given week". This rule of thumb puts things in an easy-to-remember perspective. I've been interested to see AWS status page misrepresent this through its icons while annotating the continuing issues. 1) Long before EBS API was returned, AWS adjusted the "Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (N. Virginia)" status[1] for 24 April to show operational (green). This has since been corrected in the "Amazon EC2 (N. Virginia)" Status History. 2) Their own RDS service, which is instances backed by EBS, remained unavailable for its users, proving that #1 was false. If they couldn't operate a service (RDS) built on themselves (EC2) normally, the underlying service (EC2) should not have been considered Operational in the status page. 3) At present, the icon for "Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (N. Virginia)" is Green for "Service is operating normally" instead of Yellow for "Performance issues", though the text description is not "Service is operating normally." but "Instance connectivity, latency and error rates." 4) It seems from anecdotal observation they're using the status page at least as "median status", or perhaps closer to "20th percentile status", meaning >80% of something can be down before it toggles to "Service Disruption". [1] http://status.aws.amazon.com/ It's not a violation until they rewrite their TOS to make it one. Dropbox is indulging in handwaving. > It looks like we're due for all new consoles soon. "New gaming consoles from Sony, Microsoft not due until 2014"[1] [1] http://www.betanews.com/article/New-gaming-consoles-from-Son... So many of the discussions around these points here center around the "TL;DR" point of view. I wonder how these people ever managed to make it through a newspaper without scores telling them which articles are worth it. Learn to survey, skim, and dive in. All your endeavors will be the better for it. PS. Your method (don't read if don't like score) also ensures you won't be soiled by accidentally reading an unpopular but truthful point of view. > Since I can't see your score, and you can't see mine, I honestly have no idea at this point whether more people agree with you than with me... When this thread is referenced to a week from now there is no way to see what sort of agreement occurred with either one of us. It's almost as though the future reader would need to form an opinion... for themselves. In my experience, "wall of text" and "TL;DR" began as terms used by those generally uncomfortable with literacy or focused attention. Skimming is a valuable skill, becoming even more important as the world generates information ever faster. I'm looking for a daisy-wheel printer that can be run from a modern computer. Purchased an Olivetti typewriter that could supposedly print from a 3.5 floppy, but it didn't work. Still looking. > high scores are likely to be positively correlated with quality comments, don't you think? "likely ... positive", granted, but strong correlation, no. Keep in mind the change was an experiment to mitigate effects of HN growth and the corresponding trend towards average of audience. The "tend" you mention had been unquestionably moving back to the middle. That said, I don't have a problem with points switching on after the comments page goes to archive mode. I can ignore them then, while those who want to see them then can neither vote based on bias nor vote to correct perceived bias. Discussion and reading should be thoughtful instead based on clicks One's own comments can be self-appraised by seeing one's own score in real time, influencing one's own future thoughtfulness. > All articles from the same newspaper share a source and it already ensures some quality You make an excellent point, applicable here: newspaper brand = web brand. Articles not flagged [dead] on news.ycombinator.com already ensure some quality, and both similarly share a "front page". Focus on "filtered" comments is a completely different discussion, and offering users an unnumbered slider to set personal threshold for where the grey vs black text divider falls on a percentile line between top and bottom scored remarks of the given thread, would accomplish 90% of what the TL;DR crowd want w/o all the problems of showing scores. > How do you use stored credit card info if the cc# is not stored? Simplifying just a bit -- The one time you pass the # along to the bank, they give you back a transaction ID you can use to do future things with that card. The bank knows the number, looks it up by that ID. And yet, an astonishing number prefer without. I'd argue that as the particular problem being worked on is increasing group think, this would be a perfect example of herd mentality or popularity contest leading us in the wrong direction. Throughout threads such as these, the general reason for votes is to avoid reading or to be told without thinking what to think, while the general reason given for preferring them gone is an elevation in discussion. The second was the stated goal for hiding them in the first place, and the first is the problem to combat -- glib votes. Just tell them it's really good PHP. Hs position is that Color's value proposition kicks in when everyone's taking pictures all the time, blanketing every venue with visual documentation -- more photos, not better photos. Flickr's value proposition is interestingness, not total coverage. Further, Flickr has three privacy layers, resulting in most night-on-the-town scenarios being Friends-only. He made this point with his odds argument. Odds on Flickr might be one in a million, but Color wants users to take a million photos, making the odds one in one. Welcome to the original Yahoo model. What's old is new again, even for Yahoo: http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/yahoo_to_come_full_circ...