This is nothing new; letting an optimizing compiler do the heavy lifting has been the general-case recommendation for a long time now. But there are still circumstances where it's necessary to write assembly, particularly in things like real-time programming. Doesn't matter how good a job the compiler did on the overall program, if you can afford 16 cycles on an inner loop and the compiler spits out 24 then you've gotta hand-tune it. Going to take a wild guess that this is "Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begin_%28video_game%29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNdDROtrPcQ&feature=kp Pretty neatly conveys the feelings on this topic. It's impressive how many words and charts a government agency needs to use to say "listen to the dreamers once in a while". Frankly not a very self-critical piece. It's pretty obvious why a lot of ideas get squashed - the CIA is at the core a political organization like any other, there's things that the leaders want to hear and things they don't. You don't need a big chart and buzzwords ("hedgehog/groundhog/brown fox/red fox"), you need institutional reform and de-politicization. Unlimited free energy means we eventually global-warm our planet through waste heat. Works out at about 10% the potency of greenhouse gasses per MW. I get a little bit of heartburn over running arbitrary scripts downloaded from internet websites. The easiest alternative is to run "curl ", download the script, take a peek at the source, and only THEN follow up with the sh. I mean, you're probably going to see a bunch of "download and install" commands, so you don't get much reassurance if you're worried that one of THOSE might be compromised too. But that's a problem inherent to unsigned internet installer scripts. At least you've somewhat mitigated the possibility that it's dumping your private SSH key to a server somewhere or some other blatantly malicious command. On the other hand, the script might also include appropriate SHA1 verification commands, or be setting up a repository in a package manager, in which case it's pretty reasonable to trust the script. Well, the Unix approach to this is a sandbox application and a shell application, not a sandboxed shell application. Docker attempts many of those tasks. On windows there's Sandboxie, which does more or less what you want as well. It creates a sandbox whose filesystem and internals can be modified by sandboxed applications without affecting the state of the REAL filesystem. Very nice utility for mitigating bad programming - I often use it to run multiple copies of applications that crash or refuse to launch multiple instances. I have not used the other two for comparison, but Paint.Net is my go-to recommendation for casual graphics editing. It's not Photoshop or Illustrator, of course, but all the features you need for basic photo adjustments and light-duty layout type stuff. At a glance, Krita looks pretty nice for doing artworks from scratch. The government isn't responsible for utilities tending towards monopoly - it's a natural outcome of any market with small unit costs and high barriers to entry. For a self-proclaimed libertarian, you're ignoring a very basic tendency of market systems. Natural monopolies are Econ 100 level stuff, and utilities are the textbook example. As a working definition, a piece of hardware really isn't useful if another piece of hardware will do the same task better, at a lower cost. You can run a low-power PC and check your email like it's 1980 just fine, and these days they're VERY cheap. A $30 5W Raspberry Pi is more than capable of running 'mail' on the command line. For a bit more power, quad-core 1.6ghz ARM SOCs are about $60-70. For fileserver type stuff, a 15W Liva with a Baytrail-M can be had for $115, or you can build out a full quad-core mini-ITX for something like $175. The reduced power usage very quickly amortizes the cost of the hardware. If you would save 200W by retiring a dinosaur - that's $17.28 per month of 24/7 usage. If you've got a Rpi on for 4 hours per day checking your email - it amortizes out within 10 months. This totally ignores the additional headaches associated with old, failing, unsupported hardware. You yourself described it as a "sinister amount of maintenance and stress". You can make a philosophical argument here that a piece of hardware is never truly dead if it'll still push bits, but be honest here - if you're running up your power bill to avoid spending $100 on new hardware, if you're putting up with a PITA system for the heck of it - it's not useful , it's your hobby . Hobbies are fun, I think it's fun to keep old gear going too, but be realistic about the merits of such activities. Right, but the traditional core ecosystem tools have pretty poor performance (long deploys, etc). Point is there is something there that "needs to be fixed". There are tools that do that, but those are hard sells in an enterprise environment for a lot of reasons. Businesses tend to be wary of building long-term solutions in flavor-of-the-week frameworks/environments/etc. Even when it's just a dev tool, even assuming that the tool behaves exactly like a real production environment, there's overhead to throwing away your workflow that Just Works and getting everyone used to something new. And developer culture right now is that there's a new must-have "Hottest Tool/Framework/Library That Will PUMP UP YOUR PRODUCTIVITY!" every couple months. And rightly or wrongly those tools are often a hard sell to management when there's ongoing costs - we can't get funding for a JIRA server let alone JRebel. Yes, the time it saves me would be worth more than $1.50 per work-day, but that's often not how managers look at it. Nope, legacy code base. FORTRAN. My usual trick is to drink a couple big glasses of water right before you you to sleep. You'll be ready to hop out of bed and empty your bladder bright and early. My understanding is that particular trick dates back to the Native Americans at a minimum. He's absolutely right, and people don't understand the level of "skilled work" that will be replaced by computers. I write clinical decision support tools, and I interview users (doctors). Nowdays, doctors really just want algorithms to follow. They want to know what the fastest/cheapest way to diagnose problems is. Frankly, they aren't particularly GOOD at diagnosing problems outside of these kinds of algorithms - for example, a likely cause of many Morgellons' disease cases is actually tropical rat mite (see Nick Mann http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/8626767/Morgellons-Disease... ). Doctors tend to diagnose delusional parasitosis just because it doesn't fit the algorithms. If doctors are just going to follow a basic set of diagnostic procedures, we can easily automate that using the data that are put into modern electronic health record (EHR) systems. We have your vitals, we know the tests that have been done and the outcomes, and so on. As one (very blunt) doctor expressed to me, doctors just want to follow the diagnosis algorithm, he paid $100k to be a data entry technician, and I think that was pretty much on the money. That's not the only time I've heard that, either. If doctors are going to be replaced, there's not much that CAN'T. It's just a question of designing a program/robot for the particular task, which is becoming increasingly cheap. Do I think that 100% of Morgellons' sufferers have a medically explainable cause? Nope, there's hypochondriacs everywhere. Do I think that doctors are way too eager to dismiss diagnoses that don't fit their criteria? Yup. I have a sister who has an absolutely zebra diagnosis (astroblastoma tumor, I write Clinical Decision Support tools for a living, for a high-level nonprofit. Our content providers suck ASS. Do I worry that I might be contributing to inappropriate diagnoses/non-diagnoses? Yes, it's a thing I bear in mind every day, every meeting, and I have gone to bat to improve. No - as stated, I have jumped to "there are many cases that aren't covered by generic diagnostic algorithms", and the doctors I'm interviewing who are espousing "I want to be a data entry technician" type philosophies. Independent of the examples, that's a worrying philosophy. I write the tools for this - in theory, I assume the liability when Shit Doesn't Work - not that we don't do our best to push this off to Other Organizations With Medical Expertise. I don't know if it's quite a "flag day", but Microsoft is definitely going to make some breaking changes soon in .Net 5.0. The particular one I'm watching for is lambda closures. Currently it's close-on-reference rather than close-on-value, even on value-type objects . This leads to some really counterintuitive behavior in certain situations. Breaking changes are perfectly fine as long as you keep supporting legacy runtimes. That's why we have major framework versions (eg Java 7/8, .Net 4.5/5.0, etc). Very cool - I've been waiting for someone to figure out GPU computing on the Rpi for a while now. This is potentially a very substantial increase in available processing power. I don't see performance numbers there - could someone with a Pi please run the FFT and compare against a CPU implementation? I wonder how similar the Mali design would be. Obviously the technical details will be different, but would it be similar in broad strokes? Most Rpi-alikes have Mali 400s or 450s. This post seems to imply that there is a single "market salary" for programmers. That's not really the case anywhere - a green intern doing web programming is never going to have an equal salary to a greybeard doing consulting in esoteric niche areas (eg COBOL in banking systems). There's always diminishing returns for superstar talent in any field - a Fortune 25 CEO gets paid how much more than a manager at Wendy's? The collusion between the big tech companies to drive down salaries for top personnel strongly suggests that the market salary for these people is actually higher than what they're currently paid. They're grade-A talent in a hot field, the fact that their salaries are high doesn't mean they're above-market. Actually it's not - the FCC definition is extremely broad, it simply states: "No person shall willfully or maliciously interfere with or cause interference to any radio communications of any station licensed or authorized by or under this Act[.]" [1] And in fact their explanation specifically states that jammers "prevent targeted devices from establishing or maintaining a connection". [2] To put the same actions in a different context - if two radio amateurs are trying to communicate over a digital mode and I broadcast "disconnect" packets to shut them down, I am clearly jamming their communications. The fact that this jamming occurs on the 2.4GHz band instead of the 20-meter band is irrelevant. What it comes down to - your laptop wifi is a device licensed by the FCC for radio operation, two parties (you and the router) are communicating, and a smart jammer interferes with these communications. As for your DDOS example - jamming is usually used in the context of the low-level layers of the OSI model, not the application layer. However, there are analogous actions that would be actionable in amateur radio. If you get a dozen of your buddies to deliberately pile-up on someone's CQ/QRZ without actually trying to communicate, you can bet the FCC's gonna look at that as de facto jamming too. You can get away with a lot as long as you do it on private wires - but when you get public airwaves involved then an additional set of much stricter rules apply. [1] http://www.fcc.gov/document/fcc-proposes-29k-fine-employer-j... [2] http://www.fcc.gov/document/consumer-alert-using-or-importin... Sure. K1MAN made communications that would probably have been legal if they didn't cause willful interference: In support of its motion for summary judgment on the monetary forfeiture, the Government presented FCC transcripts of recordings made on November 27, 2004, December 8, 2004, and March 31, 2005 that it alleges show K1MAN beginning to transmit on top of existing communications by other users. [...] The Government also provided the declarations of several FCC personnel who monitored and observed interference between K1MAN and other amateur operators. [...] [1] Chief US District Judge John A. Woodcock Jr, in writing for the Court, agreed with the FCC on the first two counts -- willful or repeated failure to respond to FCC requests for information, and willful or malicious interference -- and granted summary judgments to the FCC in the amount of $3000 and $7000, respectively. [2] As for more targeted attacks, see the Notices of Apparently Liability for KZ8O [3] and K3VR [4]. Once public airwaves are involved (as opposed to wires) you're on the FCC's turf, and the FCC takes radio communications VERY seriously. [1] http://www.arrl.org/files/media/News/Baxter_Summary_Judgment... [2] http://www.arrl.org/news/us-district-court-for-maine-issues-... [3] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... [4] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... Dell P2210 emits a tone. Motorola Moto G phone does not. There's a working theory in the Github explanation. White and black pixels take different amounts of power to draw. As the screen scans up and down to draw the various rows, it thus has to rapidly charge and discharge the capacitors. The capacitors are expanding and contracting a bit as they do so, which vibrates the air and makes a tone. Frankly this sounds like an awesome way to blow up those capacitors. Supermassive black-hole binary? Sounds like some projects I've coded on... /rimshot Yup - "STEM jobs pay well" is just wrong at this point. Neither Science nor Mathematics pays worth a damn, what people actually mean when they say this is "go work in technology or engineering". Nope. A SHA-256 cryptographic hash isn't a "version" of a file in any sense of the word. You couldn't (for example) run a binary hash of an executable, nor can you convert it into an executable file by compiling it or reversing the hash algorithm. Perceptual hashes work the same way. Not just the memory bandwidth - the 970 has been revealed to have fewer ROPs and less cache than advertised. When you sell a Haswell as having 4 cores and 8MB of cache, and when you purchase it you notice that it only has 3 cores and 6MB of cache, damn straight a refund is in order. It's somewhat misleading to look at an arithmetic average of the bandwidth of the fast/slow segments. Due to the way they architectured it, you cannot access both the fast segment and the slow segment during the same memory-fetch cycle, it's either/or. If control flow depends on data that's stuck in the slow segment, performance could be significantly degraded. Now - blah blah prediction, blah blah heuristics, yadda yadda. If you don't use the memory fully (compute, 4K, etc) there's no problem, and even then you can optimize the problem away somewhat. This will work pretty well for AAA-grade game engines that get special attention - Unreal, CryEngine, Unity. But for memory-bound (especially latency-sensitive) compute applications, what you have here is a 3.5GB card, not a 4GB card. Having a card show up with 1/8th of its specced memory units turned off is not acceptable, regardless. Yup - the documents they sent out to reviewers stated that the 970s had 64 ROPs [1]. This was also further pushed down the line to the OEMs building the cards, who used it in their own advertising (see the chart from ASUS in [2]). NVIDIA advertised the cards as having 64 ROPs - the fact that the first bunch of dupes parroted it to a wider audience is irrelevant. [1] http://www.techpowerup.com/209339/gtx-970-memory-drama-plot-... [2] http://www.hardwarecanucks.com/forum/hardware-canucks-review... The issue isn't the quantity of memory - there is physically 4GB of GDDR5 memory soldered to the board, yes. The issue is the number of ROPs. If the board had 64 ROPs - as advertised - then there wouldn't be a fast segment and a slow segment of memory. All 4GB would perform equally, there wouldn't be access contention between the fast segment and slow segment, etc. There's no cute marketing spin you can put on the board being advertised one way and quietly showing up with 1/8th of its memory subsystem disabled. NVIDIA isn't some fly-by-night hardware company like Butterfly Labs or something. Actually I should correct this - if you access the slow segment at all performance will be degraded, since you cannot also access the fast memory during the same cycle. Looking at it on a 2-cycle basis, since performance is 7x as high you can either access (7+7) or (7+1) chunks of memory. That's a 43% performance drop if even 1 of the 32 threads in a warp consistently needs to touch the slow segment. That data being used for control flow will amplify the problem, of course, since latency will double. My employer wouldn't go for it, so I sprung for a mechanical keyboard out of pocket. I got an IBM M12, which is a variant of the Model M clicky keyboard with a Trackpoint built in. It looks and works like it's brand new. Not thrilled with the trackpoint, the sensitivity is too low for a modern hi-res display. If I turn the OS-level mouse speed way up, the trackpoint works OK but the other mouse moves way too fast. I'd love one of the modern-built clicky keyboards with the built-in trackpoint, but I can't find them. Thinking about getting a gaming mouse that can have its DPI turned way down. Or I could learn vim or emacs and forget about the mouse entirely... Of course not, but with at-will employment you can be fired for any reason or no reason at all [1]. Including, yes, the way you talk. [1] Except for a small list of specific protected reasons, of course, but good luck proving you actually were fired for one of those reasons. If the boss has an ounce of sense then they won't give a reason at all, which is 100% legal. Yeah, number of eyeballs helps but it's not a catch-all. In some ways it could actually be a hindrance, since less-experienced eyeballs may not be able to mind all the necessary details, or may introduce further bugs/vulnerabilities. For our purposes, these are "bad programmers", whether or not they're good programmers on other stuff. A simple model for code quality is something like Q =(good programmers) / (good + bad programmers). I would actually argue that it's not even related to the average, and that bad programmers can degrade quality disproportionately to their actual number. I think it might be something closer to Q = (good programmers)^2 / (good + bad programmers)^2. This is what it seems like people are getting at with the whole "negative productivity" in the good/bad/10x programmer framework. Openness/closeness of the source code isn't the whole picture but the open-source model can more easily run into the too-many-cooks problem if the source is not properly gate-kept and reviewed in the aggregate. Thus I don't think it's entirely orthogonal. Of course closed-source software is typically commercial, which runs into its own set of pressures that degrade code quality. I think much more sophisticated testing systems are what will really boost code quality. More advanced detection suites that throw more warnings, mandated full unit test coverage, plus CI frameworks that make sure that your code isn't merged if it doesn't clear the warnings and pass the full-coverage unit test. Randomized address systems and mandated array-bounds checking that catch undefined behavior and off-by-one errors. Basically, making things fail noisily instead of silently and forcing contributors to pay attention. The C compiler in particular is really bad on the "throwing warnings" thing, even before you get yourself into other kinds of trouble. As in, according to the C standard, "rm -rf /" (or literally any other behavior the compiler wants) is a valid output behavior if you miss a closing quote([1]), rather than a compile-time error. That's an absurd definition in a security-minded world, and that's just the most egregious example of undefined behavior allowed by the C standard. JVM-style managed code and declared exceptions are annoying but do seem to be a step in the right direction from a security perspective. [1] http://blog.regehr.org/archives/213 I work with an electronic health records system that is coded in ActiveX applets and boy howdy is it bad. Nowadays there is no legitimate reason to use ActiveX. Ever. Static web pages should be coded in RoR/Java/ASP.net, dynamic-type pages should integrate jQuery/AJAX/JSON, really dynamic pages and games go into something like NaCl or (ugh) Flash. You shouldn't be touching Windows APIs from a browser applet, ever. Period. Whatever system does that should be rebuilt posthaste. With credit to @api - something like that is like driving drunk, an accident is inevitable. Microsoft makes a C# library that handles MS Office API interop. If that were the task I'd look at a .Net desktop application - or an applet-type arrangement of some kind. Dropper page + .Net application? Dropper page + Applet page that communicates to a .Net wrapper layer? Silverlight maybe? Something like that. I get my domains through DreamHost. Their "unlimited" hosting is not, and it's spotty, but if you register domains through them they give free domain-registry privacy proxying. I have bit of a hangup about my personal info being freely available through lookup. I'm up for re-evaluating my hosting soon, but right now I'm through Lithium Hosting. Haven't done much app-related stuff, but they've been fine for regular low-volume hosting stuff, and I pay $10/month (legacy plan). Web-faction sounds nice. I think you're mixing up a couple ideas here. It sounds like you're thinking of Pugachev's Cobra, which is a maneuver that can be performed by supermanouverable aircraft. In terms of maneuvers that could be performed in a WWI aircraft, I suspect it's either a hammerhead turn or a flat spin. In a hammerhead turn you climb vertically until the aircraft stalls, then use the rudder to yaw the aircraft to a vertical dive. Like an upside down u-shape. In a flat spin you do a power-on stall and yaw the aircraft in the same direction that your prop is torquing you. Either of those maneuvers would be pretty risky - while you're stalled out you'd be a sitting duck. That's not contradictory at all. Plenty of system administration tasks fall into the category of "easy to perform but not self-evident to someone with no experience". Microsoft doesn't get a cut of Jetbrains' IDE "mod" revenue, though, despite the fact that Reshaper and similar products "piggyback" (what a loaded term) onto Visual Studio and other Microsoft products. Microsoft already got their cut up front. Same thing for Bethesda - it's not their value-add and they don't have a moral right to take a cut. On the other hand Steam is providing a value-add here - a market and financial transaction services. Also, I wasn't aware that Bethesda had released their game engine for free. Care to give a link as to where they've done so? As far as I'm aware you still need to pay for a copy of it. My understanding is that that's how software distribution used to work back in the mainframe days - you'd get the source to build in your specific environment, and you could modify it to add whatever functionality you needed. Then binary distribution took over as platforms became more intercompatible. Generate and install your own CA root certificate. Boom, free. I kinda suspect he might be measuring the time it takes to launch a kernel rather than the time it takes the kernel to complete. Thrust device calls, like those of the underlying CUDA library, are asynchronous by default. The only exception is calls that result in a memcpy, which are synchronous. To wait until an async call is completed you need to call one of the synchronize commands, like cudaDeviceSynchronize. Looking through his test.cu file, he snaps a timestamp using std::clock right after doing the kernel launch with for_each. Ignoring the fact that this is not an accurate way to benchmark a GPU (you need to use events to accurately benchmark the kernel) what you're capturing will just be the processor time it takes to make the async kernel launch. Std::clock measures CPU time, which is (rightly) close to 0 for a program that runs on the GPU. It's entirely possible that you're not even getting valid results out of the other end - note that you don't show output. I don't know if thrust's magic device memory access function triggers a synchronization or not. I kinda remember having to make an explicit call when I did a GPU simulation. I don't have access to a CUDA box at the moment, I'd have to add those cudaDeviceSynchronize calls after the for_each invocations to be sure. There's also just the sheer bandwidth factor. A GTX Titan has 288 GB/s of BW, a Haswell with DDR3 puts out about 35 GB/s. That's a factor of 8.22x more bandwidth, so there's your 8x speedup. It's a highly memory-limited task so I suspect that's where any speedup would come from. You can compile Thrust using a device target of OpenMP, so no need to rewrite it in OpenCL. Sounds nice on paper, but do you think a meaningful punishment would get past the police union? I'm not a cop but my impression is very much "no". What about checking the history file into its own rep? Clone it as part of the build-environment setup, and commit/push after validation. You can even use this across a group of people and share each other's mutations. Or even simpler, why not have build actions copy it to/from a specific location outside the build target dir? You could even make it a shared network drive, if you didn't care about the possibility of losing someone's changes if two people run tests at the same time. Are surprisingly low for a well-engineered setup. You can run many pump jacks off a single-cylinder engine (a dozen or more in some arrangements). If you have two jacks that counterbalance each other, your only loss is friction. You can even run the engine on the natural gas that comes out too (which would normally just be flared off). If the resulting sites can't handle a traffic spike, it's not that great a tool, is it? No one wants a hammer that shatters if you swing it too hard... Being optimistic, it might just be a hosting problem. The guy in the article has only experienced it on Haswell. However, that doesn't mean that it doesn't exist elsewhere. Garage sale in rich-people areas. Scored a like-new Brioni for $75, I think it looks fantastic. Yeah, too expensive. You can get competing services for about $10-15 per TB IIRC, they just have a set of Java utilities instead of the fancy Web 3.0 frontend. Quick summary of dopant-mask trojans: small alterations to the chip's masks can "pin" bits of the internal PRNG state high or low. Because the output of the PRNG go through a cryptographically secure hashing algorithm the output appears to have good entropy but assuming you know which bits are pinned the actual keyspace you need to search is catastrophically smaller. Intel includes checksums that run at system startup to verify the functionality of the PRNG but these are aimed at catching manufacturing errors, so they used CRC32. Thus, all you need to do to break this is be sure that the internal state of your pinned PRNG and the fair PRNG produce a CRC32 collision after running the test pattern. http://sharps.org/wp-content/uploads/BECKER-CHES.pdf If RDSEED doesn't run through the hash, would that give you enough of a window into the PRNG's internal state to be able to catch that attack? It sounds promising but it looks like RDSEED came out in 2012, so that would predate the paper... At least at the moment, the limitation is power. Sure, they built a robot that can run and avoid obstacles, but its battery is probably dead in 10 minutes tops. There's a reason it's running on a power harness in the treadmill test. Unless they invent the Arc Reactor to along with it, those are a long way from the battlefield. The people I'm jealous of are the people who can listen to 128kbps and below - at that point I can't enjoy the music because I fixate on all the compression artifacts. I prefer to keep FLACs (lossless compression, so just like a WAV except smaller) myself, just so I can re-encode to my lossy format/bitrate of choice without incurring generational loss. 320kbps is probably clean enough but who cares, disk space is cheap. But for listening, 320kbps MP3 is A-OK, I don't know whether or not I could ABX it but I don't hear enough artifacts to trigger me. For more situations where size matters, I use V0 or V1 (depending on what I'm playing it on and the type of music). At V1 I start hearing a few artifacts in tough passages, but it takes an enormous chunk out of the filesize relative to FLAC. I used to have an iRiver H320 - with replacement firmware (RockBox) I could even play FLAC on it. I eventually replaced the 20GB HDD with a 16GB CompactFlash as a ghetto SSD, used to get like 20 hours of battery life on it. It could also do optical out, recorded in MP3 or WAV, and was super easy to change parts on. Great player for a hacker. I used it daily and hard for probably 7 years before the screws would no longer grab, I need to get it back out and see if I can get it going again. I did my part: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1172218 Even though it will cost me a buttload of time to rebuild all my cookies: fuck Mozilla, when did they turn into SourceForge? Because it doesn't belong within the core browser framework. A browser should not tie to your "internet identity", whether it's an account or a cookie fingerprint. That actually is the business of a service to manage. Resolution of the final hardware will be 1080x1200 per eye (2160x1200 total) over a 90* field of view. I'm not quite sure how to translate that into pixel density properly given the resolution is spread between your eyes, but I'd guess at least as good as a 1080p screen that fills a 90* angle of view? The user experience would be quite different, as you could simply rotate+tilt the viewport to see sections of a larger virtual monitor screen. So it wouldn't necessarily be as restricting as low resolution on a fixed screen. I'll say that I do that (define constants to variables/consts/#DEFINE/etc and then use them as arguments), and I do it for exactly the reasons you describe. I also try to make magic numbers as self-explanatory as possible - rather than (say) use the number 84600 I'll write 60 * 60 * 24 for when I want the number of seconds per day. It's way easier to remember what's going on when you come back a year later, and all but the simplest compilers will be smart enough to bash it down to constant parameters if that's possible. Yeah, more lines of code, but I think readability trumps terseness (within reason). Some functions just use a bunch of parameters and it's not really the extra line to name the parameter that's causing the issue. Also if you're using an editor that does code folding you could just fold that block away. For that situation the least-smelly answer is logger classes with a severity method logger.error("message") or a log statement with a severity parameter logger.log(LOGLEVEL.ERROR, "message") That lets you change the capture level based on the situation without the need to recompile your application, on a fine granularity (eg class-level). Getting errors in production? Edit one line of XML to turn up the capture level and go. High-performance logging frameworks like SLF4J handle the first case very intelligently, there's almost no overhead to skipping a logging call. If used wisely with a high-performance logging engine (Log4j2 or Logback) there shouldn't be many calls needed, and except in very narrow situations the performance impact (if you could find one) would be drastically outweighed by the improvements in maintainability. Code quality does have its costs at times - otherwise we'd all be writing assembly. It's not going to be the straw that breaks the camel's back when it comes to performance. Indeed, they already do it right now: http://www.fms.treas.gov/faq/moretopics_gifts.html They obviously don't take in anything more than a trivial amount of money. If you think that people would donate an equivalent amount of money if their taxes were eliminated - then you must have an awful lot of faith in people's inherent generosity in the face of their own self-interest. The economically optimal decision for any one person is to not give, but in the aggregate that means we don't have funding for infrastructure, research, etc. That's very true. Fuji is notorious for this - they build fantastic cameras/lenses but until recently there was little advertising and they were difficult to source outside Japan. They're also very bad at keeping US customers in the loop about their supply issues. Film, also. The Impossible Project is truly impressive. Polaroid film is a mindblowingly complex product to develop, since it's basically a photo lab sandwiched into a thin sheet. Even if their results aren't perfect, it's amazing they're making it work at all. There's also a small group of people who are rebooting the Ferriana film line. For the motivational posters specifically, you might want to check out a Perceptual Hash type algorithm. Convert the image to a 64px square low-depth grayscale (4b?) and most of them should look more or less the same to PHash. Maybe you then classify them into clusters based on hash distance or something. I also like your dominant-color thing. If you have a couple approaches that each make sense, you can use them as an ensemble - the more classifiers that don't like something, the more likely it's junk. As an aside - decimation refers to a punitive act in which the Romans would kill every tenth man. If you have 2/3 mortality, that's much worse than decimation. It's not really code - more of a pseudocode, because it leaves the details of the implementation to the reader. Might be what you were getting at with "doesn't compile or run". He's thinking on the level of "replacing IPs", not "replacing domain names". Such addresses would be like .onion domains - only becoming marginally human-meaningful with a significant computational expense. But since IPs aren't very human-meaningful anyway it's a step forward. You would still have the problem of name resolution. However since the address would be the public key, once you had resolved the address the identity of the other party would be assured. Assuming that an attacker cannot feasibly generate an equivalent public key, you remove key exchange+authentication as an attack surface. Key management could be a downside. If you want to update your key you have changed your address, which would look like a name-resolution poisoning attack. There are feasible ways around this but none are ideal (particularly if your key was compromised, mechanisms like signed forwarding records would become extremely hazardous). It would probably have to rely on name-resolution mechanisms similar to those used by current IP addresses. Hey guys that BadBios is totally impossible, agreed? What a scrub, UEFI viruses are impossible. lol psychotic break amirite I caught a message on the Windows install rebooot about "Intel AMT activated" during a clean reformat - but in BIOS it shows deactivated on reboot. Kaspersky/Malwarebytes/CCleaner shows clean on every scan for system files - I'm seriously wondering whether I need to dump this machine hardware and all. The cause for the reformat in the first place was a potential virus infection, maybe a rootkit. I didn't want to let it back on my network after I scanned a cryptolocker variant in my temp folder. When you've got a BIOS-level rootkit, what's unbelievable about a hardware-level transmission mechanism? If an OS can load device drivers, why not an exploit toolkit? Again, the problem with the BadBios story (?) from a security-level perspective was that it came from the head of a top-level security consultant - so it's hard to know if it's true or not, because if he was chasing at system ghosts, they were 100% feasible system ghosts, with Proof Of Concepts delivered (eg reception of ultrasonic transmission via laptop speakers [1]). At this point I do believe they were ghosts, but if you want to analyze them - posting about an actively-administered rootkit installation on your LAN on the internet was a mistake, because once detected the attackers would pull back. And the more we learn about state-level cyberattacks, the more that potential attack rings true. It's just a question of tradeoff - do you really think that at least one party who could mount an A-grade cyberattack would do so against one of the people most likely to detect and analyze it, versus the chance to see what exists in his systems? When you get down to it, once infected you cannot trust so basic a system as a hard drive, and the NSA has attacked that firmware [2]. See: Reflections on Trusting Trust. [3] And that's about 90% of Dragos' sins right there - not trusting systems (or even components) that were exposed to unknown exploits translates as "paranoia" to the average user. [1] http://www.jocm.us/index.php?m=content&c=index&a=show&catid=... [2] http://www.wired.com/2015/02/nsa-firmware-hacking/0 [3] https://www.ece.cmu.edu/~ganger/712.fall02/papers/p761-thomp... BIOS is not the sum total of all firmware on a computer - for example you can write a rootkit that lives in the southbridge controller [1] [2] and [article]. And you're correct, as you note - unless you're plugged into the JTAG how do you know you actually reflashed with a clean firmware/BIOS? It's important not to mix the sensational reporting with what Dragos actually claimed - he only claimed an audio sidechannel as an airgap jumper and/or stay-behind re-loader mechanism on previously-infected systems. Which is actually perfectly possible, especially given that many audio chipsets still have native soft-modem capability built in. Could you write a "loader" firmware virus that re-downloads a more substantial rootkit via soft-modem with an ultrasonic carrier? Well, it's not impossible ... That's generally the problem with the BadBios tale - he's a security researcher so his claim was just at the edge of possibility, but it would have to be an very sophisticated piece of work. It's more likely that the guy was jumping at shadows, but then you read stuff like the [article], which I read as implying that BIOS/firmware-level malware is starting to trickle down to small-scale private actors. [1] https://www.blackhat.com/presentations/bh-usa-07/Heasman/Pre... [2] https://www.blackhat.com/presentations/bh-dc-07/Heasman/Pape... No, I'm more suspicious of generic botnet/ransomware stuff. Which probably isn't anything that sophisticated. That was yesterday. Having slept on it, I think the most likely cause is that I happened on a key combination that tries to poll status or activate AMT during POST/early boot (eg maybe something for service techs to load/auto-configure AMT off PXE or USB or something). An auto-loader for AMT wouldn't thrill me either, of course. Finding a cryptolocker installer in my Temp folder just has me running paranoid, I've never seen that particular message appear before, and it was gone before I could really get a good look. Managed to dig up this paper on some of the potential black-hat applications of AMT [1]. Happened on another interesting one on Intel SGX [2]. It's certainly a net positive to have virtualization/sandboxing, secure enclaves, etc in our systems - but it always bugs me that they paradoxically create the potential for rootkits that are impossible to pry out once they're situated. The idea of a platform-neutral technology that could serve as a vector for malware is a particularly disturbing one to me. Developing viruses for each individual BIOS implementation is something of a barrier to large-scale contagion of such malware, but there's probably a much smaller number of (eg) AMT or SGX versions with significant code overlap. [1] http://me.bios.io/images/0/0f/Csk_lacon12_intel_amt.pdf [2] http://theinvisiblethings.blogspot.com/2013/09/thoughts-on-i... That's my personal experience. With a single pass/fail condition most of the population tended to get trapped at the naieve solution - a 50% success rate. This was the better part of a decade ago during my sophomore year of university, so it's entirely possible I somehow fucked up the backprop that was guiding it. In hindsight, maybe I was pruning too hard. But my experience was that it's hard to get your nets to develop the complexity to escape the basic naieve cases. How about accept-and-randomly-lose? I'm a big fan of RFC 748 [1] [1] https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc748 He's referring to 3D density. Die stacking is one way to do that, and it's the only one that isn't just wild fantasy. Another would be for the die to have multiple layers within a single die - which can't be done with current technology, but isn't physically impossible. Basically what you'd need to do is similar to PCB fabrication - you need to create "blind" and "buried" features within a series of stacked layers. Obviously that capability doesn't exist right now, but you could look at using an ion beam to create a planar mask that targets only a single layer within a multilayer wafer. The particles travel through material without depositing energy until they reach a critical threshold [1], after which they rapidly deposit nearly all of their energy. This allows you to give the beam a specific "depth", in other words it can be targeted in 3D. Perhaps - because it's a particle beam, not an EM wave - it might also be less susceptible to some of the problems caused by the wave nature of light, even in a more conventional application. I know it from proton radiotherapy (a good general rundown of the technology here [2]), and I wonder if it couldn't also be used for something like this. A lot of problems would have to be solved. You'd be talking about a substantially different process from standard wafer production, you'd have to tighten up the Z-resolution, etc. No idea if it'd work or not in the end, but I think it'd be interesting to look. Or alternately maybe we figure out some additive/subtractive method that lets us create multiple layers on a single die another way. For the short terms it's going to be die stacking though. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bragg_peak [2] http://www.aapm.org/meetings/05AM/pdf/18-4016-65735-22.pdf Actually taxis and personal automobiles do not create an equivalent amount of congestion. Personal automobiles tend to go point to point during several peak periods, after which they park and are off the roads. Commercial vehicles like taxis, on the other hand, are in service all day. Taxicabs, in particular, produce a lot of congestion since they're always stopping to pick up/drop off fares. The money shot on this is that a single taxi produces congestion equivalent to about 40 personal vehicles, and a 15% increase in taxicabs reduces all traffic speeds by about 12% [1]. A certain level of taxis is a good thing, but they don't solve the need for an effective mass transit system. [1] http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2012/01/20/more-taxis-... No, this is just how modern game drivers work nowadays [1]. With older APIs (pre-Mantle/Vulkan/DX12) it's really opaque how to produce correct and performant code. And even past that, AAA game devs have enough clout to basically force hardware companies to fix their bugs, eg one major game never made BeginFrame/EndFrame calls which is a horrendous violation of API rules. You don't want to have "broken drivers" on launch day while it works on your competitor's hardware. This results in a game of pattycake where the game developers and the driver developers are both guessing at what the other will do, and trying to optimize for it. So game releases basically require having an NVIDIA/AMD developer sit down, profile your code, and figure out which of the tens-to-hundreds of thousands of behavior triggers and optimizations should be turned on for your game. What's probably going on here is that CS:GO is having a different set of optimizations applied from its parent game (or hasn't had any at all applied yet on Linux). The big question here is whether CS:GO actually works 100% reliably on those settings, on all AMD GPUs, on all possible combinations of graphics settings. Because it's very possible that it doesn't, or that no one has verified that it does. [1] http://www.gamedev.net/topic/666419-what-are-your-opinions-o... The article did address that - the simulated "15% increase in traffic volume" results from adding either an additional 2,000 taxis OR the equivalent 80,000 private cars. You may think that it's more socially optimal to have the taxi instead of the equivalent 40 private vehicles, of course. This is just speaking strictly in terms of congestion. Not just energy density, it's also a stability issue. A significant chunk of energy usage is constant (base load), and there's also a fraction that varies over time as everyone comes home after work and turns on their air conditioners and ovens (peak load). Base load is ideally handled by an energy-dense approach that produces a very stable level of power. Peak load can be handled with more variable sources of energy, but at the end of the day these are usually backed up by gas-fired plants that can be quickly spooled up to match demand. The problem with photovoltaic solar is that its capacity undergoes a significant level of variance on both an instantaneous and a medium-term scale (time of day). As such it's best treated as a peak source. Otherwise you need enormous, enormous batteries to try and smooth the load. Using electric car batteries and so on is a good idea from the perspective of the utility, but it's a raw deal for the consumer. The lifetime of a battery is limited by charge/discharge cycles as well as time, and they're stealing your cycles. A replacement battery is an enormous chunk of change, it's about the same cost as replacing an engine. Note that this is not true of all solar techniques. For example, there's a solar-concentration technique that stores heat in molten salt, which helps to smooth out short-to-medium variation. When you lose the sun, you get a smooth curve that deteriorates over a period of hours to days rather than an instant dropoff. This is suitable for use as a base source. I was going to say, Pi isn't really the optimal choice here to begin with. For the same wattage, the Parallela is two orders of magnitude more powerful, but it's a more unusual processor to compute on. The Jetson TK-1 is the other option - an NVIDIA dev board for the Tegra K-1 SoC. It's also not entirely similar to CPU programming, but CUDA GPGPU is a more well-trodden path for HPC. I don't know of any actual switched-fabric mezzanine cards available for the Parallela. If you have a link I'd be very interested. A similar approach would be to exploit a mini PCI-Express connector like the one on the Jetson. The Jetson also has a daughterboard connector available, but my understanding is that it's proprietary and I don't think NVIDIA offers a switched-fabric card. I've been really unsuccessful at getting a Pi to not destroy SD cards. Good quality cards, good quality power supplies, no swapping - it still eats them up. The best way to fix this is to put the actual OS on an external disk. You absolutely must bootstrap from an SD card, there's no way around that. But that can be entirely read-only and then you bounce to the external drive. Or maybe you could do something like a PXE boot instead - copy a system image down from a server and boot that. Personal opinion, this is the only way I would try using Pis on a long-term basis. The Jetson TK-1 board from NVIDIA includes a real SATA connector. Because it's GPGPU-capable it's also vastly more powerful than even a Pi2. It also has USB 3.0 so running swap on a memory stick would be much more performant. http://blogs.wcode.org/2013/09/howto-netboot-a-raspberry-pi/ http://www.whaleblubber.ca/boot-raspberry-pi-nfs/ That's what Canary Releases are for. You roll it out to (say) 2% of your users and see whether it shits the bed. If it does, NBD, you roll it back or patch. If it's good you roll it out to everyone. There are very few "non-critical" systems in a 2+ ton vehicle moving at highway-to-expressway speeds. For an example of what a "minor" system like seat position can do, consider the following: http://www.lakecountrynow.com/opinion/blogs/communityblogs/1... After more investigation they ended up suspecting a different failure mode, but it speaks to the danger of even pedestrian functionality. Most people are shit drivers who are unsafe to be around in the best of times, "minor" things like stereo control, windshield washing, etc are certainly enough to distract them let alone being physically moved out of the reach of the controls. Particularly in combination, let alone in rush hour traffic or bad weather. If source code is no longer copyrighted then all software is at least free-as-in-beer as well as free to be decompiled and reverse-engineered. Source code would presumably be something along the lines of a trade secret, but it would be incredibly easy to rip off unless you compartmented access to a degree that completely kneecapped development. And being real honest here, if closed-source companies want to rip off ideas from open source, they go right ahead and do it. A lot of time they will even go ahead and rip off the implementation/source too. Occasionally they get caught but it's rather difficult to identify violators. Once you do so you need to out-lawyer violators who have significantly deeper pockets than the FSF. Whether or not society would be better off without copyrighted software is left to the opinions of the reader - but I think it's absolutely undeniable that open source development would gain an immense competitive advantage compared to an infinitesimal gain by closed-source development. Depends on what you need. You can buy olives at a supermarket olive bar for $9 a pound (wet weight), or you can buy 5 lbs for $4/lb dry weight (8 lbs wet/shipping weight, so $2.48 per lb measured equivalently) on Amazon and have them there in 2 days. There's also many goods you just can't buy in suburban/rural locations - my wife makes fabulous miso, but good luck finding 2 different kinds of seaweed and bonito flakes at your Walmart. If you don't have an Asian market in proximity Amazon is literally your only choice (and they're actually not cheap there). For pet supplies they drastically beat the selection of a Wal-Mart and drastically beat the prices of a real pet store (eg stuff like Feliway or Nature's Miracle). Yes, for certain commonly-consumed heavy or bulky goods, i.e. anything that's either mostly air (like toilet paper) or mostly liquid (like detergent) they aren't your best choice. That's not all goods by any means. Also you're comparing the mileage of a bus (the UPS truck) to a passenger vehicle. The UPS truck is delivering goods for a hundred other people on his run today, the gas spent transporting your package is an absolutely insignificant fraction of that. If you're really worried about ~my carbon emissions~ then you should really be thinking about ditching that car and getting yourself to work on one of those 5 mpg busses. That's really true of many small assets. I collect historical collectibles and my purchases a decade ago have done extremely well just based on a lazy "buy at a price you can't so no to, then hold" strategy. On a basis of probably $2.5k I've had the average asset appreciate a ballpark-guess ~100%, which outperforms the DJIA over a similar timeframe. Is that the right valuation? Yes. Is it liquid in the sense that I could get cash for it tomorrow? Nope. What are the storage costs? On the scale I'm working at - a lot of manual labor and some home shelf space. It's not a scalable strategy. Could I park a couple grand, maybe tens of grands into it per year? Yes. Could I park millions into it? No way, that would have a noticeable impact on my purchasing markets. Of course - in the Plutonomy strategy [1] [2] [3], it's wealthy buyers who really determine the value of assets. And they like good wine. [1] http://delong.typepad.com/plutonomy-1.pdf [2] http://delong.typepad.com/plutonomy-2.pdf [3] http://delong.typepad.com/plutonomy-3.pdf Not only a decent amount of memory, but a very powerful GPU for its category (192 Kepler cores supporting CUDA compute) and a lot of features and expandability (SATA, USB 3.0, 1GigE, mPCI-e, etc). The primary target market is a dev board for automotive applications like dashboard rendering, machine vision for things like backup warnings, etc. But it's an extremely powerful machine for its size/power and has many potential applications for embedded processing. It's been out for a couple years now, and what I'm really waiting for is an updated version with the new Tegra X1 SoC! Where's my Jetson TX1 NVIDIA? Many sites won't accept email addresses with + in them, because many devs have extremely wrongheaded ideas about validation. I used to have a first.m.last@university.edu address and that one was touch-and-go as well due to the fact that the mailbox had two .'s in it. I actually had to file a support request to get Amazon Student to accept it, even. Nobody from a university with that scheme ever registered before? For the record, the gold standard for email validation is "send a confirmation link and see if they click it". Don't try and get fancy. One other trick is that Gmail ignores .'s in addresses entirely. first.last@gmail.com is the same as firstlast or f.irstlast. So wait, what now? So you can have an email address like first.last@isp..co.jp? Can you give me a generic example? Yeah, I'm with the other guy, regardless of whether or not it's a good idea to do validation (it's not), that's not an address that should pass validation because it's not a valid domain or hostname. I could see it being less of a big deal in the mailbox portion given that it's now kinda kosher to ignore dots there. Yes, my thoughts flew to the same thing. This is a recipe for regular users getting stomped. Allowing organized and coordinated commercial exploitation of unlicensed bands is a total violation of the intention of those bands. If you want to run your home router, fine, but when you turn it into a business that has the potential to cause a meaningful disruption of other users you need to either get a band of your own or contract/integrate with someone who does (like a cell carrier). Also you have to remember that by 1944-45 the Japanese economy was a smoking ruin. They'd lost all their overseas territories, we were island-hopping up to their doorstep, and firebombing the shit out of their industrial centers in Honshu. They were incapable of manufacturing sufficient quantities of basic war materiel like rifles, and they could only turn out a very limited quantity of high-end manufacturing like the J2M Raiden and the N1K Shiden interceptor aircraft (which were an known quantity, let alone developing new heavy-bomber type engines like that). Most of that critical production had actually been moved into caves to keep it safe from the firebombing. That's how fucked they were. The idea of them pulling off a Manhattan Project-scale effort - even if they knew exactly what to do - is utterly preposterous. You'd be talking about a very large-scale effort that utilized a great deal of rare resources, energy, and scientific+high-end engineering capacity and it's utterly implausible even if they abandoned everything else. Let alone being able to effectively deliver it in anything except a tactical attack. No heavy bombers, no carrier fleet, no overseas bases? Not gonna happen. Best case is you sneak it into a west-coast harbor with a long-range sub on a one-way trip (if there's one thing that could have made us angrier than Pearl Harbor...). Most likely case you blow it retaking some random island. Worst case, well, they did kinda have the suicide cult thing going on. Now that said they were clearly doing basic research/groundwork on the topic, even if they didn't have the capability to execute mass production or an effective attack. The general concepts of fission were pretty well known even pre-war - it was more of an industrial problem than a conceptual one, in the sense that they would have had to figure out the exact rates/constants involved in fission and the exact technologies/designs needed to cause effective fission, figure out the purification/refining processes and scale them up. The specifics weren't known, but pre-war physicists pretty much understood how to build an atom bomb in principle, looooong before they got their hands on workable quantities of material. Otherwise the US never would have devoted that quantity of expertise and resources. "What if Germany was never taken over by crazy people" is a hell of a counterfactual. In combination with "and they also retain all their focus and war-like drive", I'm pretty sure that's where the idea for Khan Noonian Singh came from. The eugenics wars of the 1990s... "The candle that burns at both ends burns twice as brightly" is kind of a recurrent theme. Really the only way you wouldn't get that boiling-over that resulted in the Nazi takeover and the Holocaust would have been for the Treaty of Versailles to go way easier on them, or at least once the depression started happening. Once you fuck over a country with massive debt repayments within the context of a global depression, nationalistic backlash is inevitable. See: the current situation with Greece and the increasing rise of the fascist Golden Dawn party, who have been hovering disconcertingly close to double-digit territory lately. And by that point in the alternate-universe hypothetical we're pretty much talking Kumbayah territory. By 1960 we've formed the one-earth government, we're on the moon and have eradicated polio. Nowadays we're probably vacationing on the moon, 10% of the world population lives on spaceships, and we've got an asteroid in orbit being strip-mined and outfitted into an Aldrin cycler for our Mars settlement. Wait, why can't I live in that universe again? Not the one with Khan, the one with the asteroid mining... He also "proved" (incorrectly) that graphite was not an appropriate moderator. Which ruled out bombs pretty much entirely. In hindsight, he was actually blatantly incorrect. Dude knew it was possible and convinced the rest of the German scientists it wasn't, for long enough to make a difference. If you read between the lines, he's almost gloating in that transcript. "On the other hand the whole heavy-water business, which I did everything I could to further, cannot produce an explosive." "We wouldn't have had *the moral courage* to recommend to the government in the spring of 1942 that they should employ 120,000 men just for building the thing up." "The point is that the whole structure of the relationship between the scientist and the state in Germany was such that although we were not *100% anxious* to do it, on the other hand we were so little trusted by the state that *even if we had wanted to do it*, it would not have been easy to get it through." "Well, that's not quite right. I would say that I was absolutely convinced of the possibility of our making a uranium engine, *but I never thought we would make a bomb, and at the bottom of my heart I was really glad that it was to be an engine and not a bomb. I must admit that*." That's a Bill Gates level of finely-parsed deposition right there. What is "CRUM ADV LOCK ON PHONE"? I can't decide whether to go for the "null vector" joke or the "yo mamma's magnitude is so great"... It costs money because it's a durable capital expense that generates revenue, and can later be sold for as much or more than you initially paid. Now as to why have medallions - taxis cause congestion, and a lot of it. You drive your privately owned car to work and park it, a taxi keeps circling the block all day and pulls to the curb to pick up fares. A single taxi causes as much congestion as 40 private cars [1] - and New York is notorious for gridlock already. You gotta limit congestion somehow, and it makes sense to limit the most congestion-causing vehicles first. And when you're talking about a limited revenue-generating asset then the price spirals upwards. I personally think medallions should be auctioned on a yearly basis or something, to minimize the financialization. [1] http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2012/01/20/more-taxis-... At the end of the day they are a scarce, highly demanded, revenue generating asset and as long as people are renting them, someone will price them appropriately (i.e. whatever the market will bear). It should be the city capturing that revenue instead of Mario's Medallion Rentals [1]. There are externalities to having a bunch of taxis clogging up traffic - $500 million per year in wasted time alone. The city is the one who spends to improve mobility. At the end of the day taxi service is a business. Nobody goes homeless because of the scarcity of medallions for roaming taxicabs. Driving for a dispatch service or doing other work - yes, homeless - no. If you're suggesting that we do it as a subsidized public-works jobs program, I can think of much more deserving projects than driving a taxi. I'd rather have them driving subway trains instead, for starters. [1] Note: the current system does not capture revenue for the city very effectively, but it should. Would you say that pollution allocations (eg SO2 or CO2 credits) are also not a capital asset? I mean sure, you can buy them and sell them or take out an option against their future value. But you could just break the law and pollute without one perfectly fine. I fundamentally disagree with that assertion. Legal compliance is just as valid a consideration as physical necessity. Just because you can dump toxic waste in the river doesn't mean that should be the baseline behavior. Congestion is basically a form of pollution - pollution of our traffic system. The existence of taxi medallions is no more or less valid than the existence of liquor licenses. Societies regulate things that they deem to have negative externalities, film at 11. It doesn't matter that they have roots that you dislike (eg prohibitionism), what matters is the role we assign them in the present time. Past performance does not guarantee future returns and all that. That's good in my book, I'm not a fan of the way they've been financialized. I'd rather see them auctioned off on a yearly basis to avoid institutional investors running the price up. So a big drop in medallion value is just fine with me. I'd say it's some better, but not all better. The problem isn't just the finding fares part, it's the fact that they are on the roads all day. When you drive a private car to work you spend 8 hours parked, and the car is off the roads. Commercial vehicles like Uber drivers will do back-to-back runs for hours. It's better than inching around the block all day though. And to their credit they are all driving using GPS guidance. That probably does help throughput somewhat vs Mark 1 Intuition by routing you away from congested routes, avoiding hesitation and missed turns, etc. Costs don't drive prices though. Products are priced at whatever the consumer will pay, and if they won't pay enough then the product doesn't get made. Price competition is an idea that exists but it's plan Z for any business. It's the last resort when you can't produce a superior product or find another niche that justifies higher margins. Think AMD vs Intel here. No sane businessman has ever woken up and decided to slash his profit margin just for the hell of it. You can tell by the fact that businesses make profits - that wouldn't happen with perfect competition. Nobody wants to be the low-margin high-volume product, because you're only a bad quarter away from low-margin low-volume. And once you're in it, it's a really hard pit to climb out of. There's value to having someone with a deep understanding of a topic who can follow leads and investigate, construct a narrative out of disparate facts, and then deliver it compellingly. I guess it doesn't have to be a journalist, but you will need those same traits and I don't think that's a particularly common combination without specific cultivation. Clickbait and press releases obviously don't deliver that either, of course. The hardware to run a site has become much cheaper, but at the end of the day it still takes a lot of hours to produce content and cultivate a community. There's a huge amount of business roles and work that you're glossing over there - from admin to overseeing content production to developer. Peer-moderator type systems like Reddit have lots of issues - even at the best of times they have a bandwagon effect that shouts down statements that are unpopular with the masses, and at worst they are very susceptible to sentiment manipulation like voter rings. I don't doubt there are "viral" marketers that provide social-media promotion services. I'd also point out that looking at specific examples can be deceptive. Slashdot is late in its life cycle and the community has clearly decayed from its glory days. Digg probably doesn't need as many servers now either. But you'll never run a top-10 website on a Raspberry Pi - or any site whose performance you care about, for that matter. One thing the article touched on that I think is dead on: unexpected interaction between complex interdependent components is a really common root cause of failure. Something veils the flaw, and then one day the circumstances change and it's revealed. I think monolithic systems which undergo incremental improvement are particularly susceptible to this. Loosely-coupled systems make it much easier to precisely specify and test the desired functionality. As an example, consider the Therac-25 incident. It was a radiotherapy machine designed to operate in two modes - direct exposure to a low-power electron beam, or firing a high-power beam at a set of targets to produce X-rays. The predecessors used a loosely-coupled system - when the targets were not in place the high-power mode was electrically disconnected, or in other words the exposure system was separate from the control system. This was switched to a tightly coupled system, where the computer also served as the safety interlock. A particular sequence of inputs combined with a race condition could result in the targets (and sensors) being unlocked and removed but the beam firing at high power. Since the predecessors had hardware interlocks, this didn't result in any exposure. But they re-used the software going forward, and this bug surfaced. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Therac-25 No direct relation to this incident, of course. The controller should have a specific warning message and confirmation dialog before firing within a minimum safe distance. Probably wasn't in the specs though. But I don't understand - why wouldn't Larry Ellison think he's Larry Ellison? --Dad Classic tragedy of the commons: for everyone as a whole, it's better to process transactions as fast as possible. But with the way incentives are currently structured, it's better for any individual miner to produce an empty block that propagates faster. Or in other words, to process transactions as slowly as possible. There's two ways you can fix the incentives. One would be to kill the block reward. You don't process transactions, you don't get any fees. This would likely cause a massive increase in transaction fees if the network were to retain its current hashrate (and thus level of security). The other way is to make a law, basically. You'd need a hardfork that refuses to recognize any block that isn't at least 75% full, but you keep the block reward and thus avoid blowing up transaction costs. This has the problem that the network could "stall out" under the right conditions (no incoming transactions, gigabyte blocksize, etc). Or instead of messing with incentives you can change the protocol itself - if everyone works on the same transaction set then all you really need is a fixed-size structure to propagate the winning hash, and there are no empty blocks unless there's no incoming transactions. Again, you're talking a hardfork and this one would involve core changes to the Bitcoin protocol. I suppose that's true. Trying to fix that would basically put you in the third case - you need everyone to be working on the same transactions, which are the most significant (greatest transaction fees). Separate of the blocksize issue - fundamentally I don't think the network should run on the back of transaction fees. The benefit of a high hashrate (a secure network) isn't limited only to those actively transferring money. Anyone who holds Bitcoin has a stake in the network. Everyone also benefits from high scalability of transaction processing, so ideally transaction fees should stay low or zero. I don't accept the idea of meta-currency (alt-currencies and sidechains) to rectify this situation - too much risk when you have a known quantity that works pretty OK. It also decreases security by splitting processing power. If the problem is that it doesn't scale well, fix it, don't replace it. Joel on Programming's #1 Thing You Should Never Do: start over from scratch. It's impossible to maintain the massive amount of processing power spent on this solely through transaction fees. Block rewards effectively socialize this collective interest in network security though a very low level of inflation, which hits the right population (Bitcoin holders as a whole). To me transaction fees should be nothing more than spam prevention, to prevent a DOS attack from clogging up the transaction blocks. Really there's no reason you couldn't have an arbitrarily-large transaction block as long as the bandwidth is reasonable. You still have the problem of the chain becoming too great in size, but that's a problem with some pretty obvious answers. That's the ideal at least. I tried to install Lubuntu 15.04 on my Thinkpad W510 workstation about two months ago. No display, when I tabbed to console no WiFi or Ethernet. Poked at it for a while, couldn't make it work. $1.63 per transaction rules out the possibility of microtransactions. I personally don't think that anyone has the moral authority to deem a use-case "wrong" for a currency. You need to support transactions involving pocket change just as well as you support transactions in benjamins to see wide acceptance. Such high transaction fees effectively make the currency indivisible to a substantial degree. Sure you can send someone a penny, but if it costs $1.63 most people won't. So that sets a very high minimum floor before people will consider using it in a transaction. Note that this is different from transaction service fees - yes, some places have minimums for CCs, but it doesn't cost me anything to hand you a penny, or even to send you a check for a penny. The answer to blockchain size is - sidechains, actually. What I have a problem with is meta-currency - the idea that you must necessarily transfer to a separate currency or trust a third party to perform day-to-day transactions. That creates independent currencies with their own security risks, and divides the hashrate into individual pools which are more easily attacked. Instead what I want are sidechains that compress a series of transactions. You never actually trade on a sidechain, but at some trigger event or time interval a series of transactions is brought onto a sidechain and reduced to a net-sum of inputs and outputs, then instantly reattached to the main blockchain as a single net transaction. You can call this checkpointing or whatever you like, but it doesn't need to be (and shouldn't be) all of the transactions on the blockchain, or even the most recent transactions that are sidechained. In fact I think it makes the most sense for it to be the oldest, say the oldest week of transactions (targeted) within a rolling 28 day window. Long enough to make attacks difficult, short enough it's not too large on disk. You essentially rebase the blockchain onto a new squashed changeset. This transaction also includes the original hash of the transaction that used to be there, so the chain still validates properly, and the hash of the last confirmed regular block, so it can be strictly sequenced. Everyone validates the squashblock to be sure that it tallies properly and hashes correctly, and if it doesn't reach consensus it's not accepted. If accepted, the next regular/squashblock must include the hash of the squashblock to indicate acceptance. Still doesn't solve the problem of dust taking up space, but it solves most of the problem. Or maybe sweeping dust is part of the reward for the squashblock somehow. I do like the idea that if you don't sweep your ha'pennies they fall into the couch cushion. Maybe you'd implement that like "any dust that hasn't moved in a block before the squashblock is confirmed may be arbitrarily moved", so dust older than a month (average) is swept. I can't emphasize how wrong you are about the whole "you can only get 15 minutes of radio off a car battery". Your battery is broken or you have a near-short somewhere. I sit in my cheap-ass Jeep for 45 minutes a week listening to the radio for 5 times a week and have for years. Replace it, if it doesn't work seek professional repair. Here's an idea, instead of separately tracking the number of "resets" we just add those bits on to the left hand side of the measurement. We could call it... having more bits in the ADC. Expose for the highlights and then pull more detail out of the shadows with your extra bits of ADC precision. There are not 1 million ADC units in a 1-megapixel camera, there's a few ADCs (a Canon 7D has 2 image processors with 4 ADCs each) that are iterated across the CCD sites to progressively read them out. To make this new sensor, you need to cram 50 million sets (50mp is state of the art) of voltage comparator/charge reset/digital counter circuits onto the CCD, and for N bits of rollover accuracy they need to be able to trigger, erase the charge, and resume exposure at least N times during the exposure time E (which is say 1/500th of a second, since they're complaining about movement during multiple HDR exposures). Practically speaking the trigger/operation/resume period must be significantly less than E/N since I see no way to retain the exposure during the period when the charge well is being drained to zero. If this time is non-trivial, that translates to losing the fine bits of your ADC accuracy. In their image they compare a 13-stop exposure (the current state of the art) to an 8-stop exposure (state of the art in 1900). So assuming they didn't just pull a photoshop out of their ass, they are overall claiming a 5 stop increase from state of the art. That's 5 extra bits of recovery (1 stop is double the range, i.e. an extra bit), so they think they can trigger the reset circuit 5 times during an exposure. That implies this circuit must have a minimum cycle time of 1/2500th of a second (practically speaking a lot less to give time for the actual exposure). With this math I'm also assuming that the comparator is perfect and doesn't lose any accuracy - variance in trigger threshold or trigger time translates to losing some of your accuracy again. They also need to generate little enough waste heat to avoid hot pixels (this is a major reason the ADC is on the image processor rather than the CCD), and you need 50 million sets of these on the CCD. If you can do it then go for it. It's a nice idea on paper but I think there's a lot of physical obstacles to overcome. If it were that easy someone would have done it already. It's especially difficult given that reading out the sensor is destructive - measuring it wipes the charge, so I'm not sure how any of this would work at all given that. Now what would actually be interesting is to apply the image-processing techniques to dual-DR imaging, as they mention in their "related works" section. The open-source Magic Lantern firmware for Canon DSLRs allows you to scan alternating rows at different ISOs, so effectively you can capture a lot more dynamic range at the expense of your vertical resolution. It's all volunteers and they probably haven't applied all the fancy image-processing magic with the convolutions and the hippity-hop rap music. How about reconstructing those overexposed lines instead? Or working on some of the sensors with physical implementations of dual-DR? Interestingly enough that's how Technicolor used to work. Three separate exposures from a single lens, split off by pellicle mirrors. The downside is that like any pellicle you are dividing your light between multiple exposures, meaning you some mixture of a longer exposure, a faster lens, or more lighting. Technicolor required special high-intensity arc lighting. Also, the pellicles must be kept spotless because dust shows up on the final image. Next-gen sensors will actually implement this physically - some receptor sites will be larger than others. It's actually inferred by hardware - the paper handwaves it because they wanted to focus on the software, but basically they're talking about implementing a low-accuracy micro-ADC at every site that automatically wipes the charge when it hits a trigger voltage and counts every time it does so. Number of counts = site signal level. Not quite sure that's practical or how you'd implement it on a destructive-readout sensor, though. Right now the sensors with enough accuracy and sensitivity are all destructive. Sure you can - you expose for the highlights and then you push the shadows in post with a crazy exponential curve. I do it all the time on digital. People used to do it via print manipulation too (filter grading, split printing, dodging and burning), except back then you exposed for the shadows and controlled the highlights (since you were capturing a negative, not a positive). What would normally have been indistinguishable blacks are pushed into the midtones and you get a flat, grainy image. It just looks like garbage because noise gets out of hand and you lose all your color depth, but there's more dynamic range there in the sense of there being more stops of light crammed onto the final image. There is a physical limit of the camera or the film where you cannot actually squeeze any more accuracy out of the ADC, but standard conditions are nowhere near that limit. The acrylic box blocks all your light (dark is bad), and now you have to keep THAT clean instead. Any surface in your optical path needs to be kept clean, but especially those that are between the center of the optical system and the sensor. Dust on the front element doesn't matter too much, dust on the rear element matters a lot and pellicle mirrors are even worse since they're closer to the focal plane. Scratches from cleaning are real bad too. As long as your lens system is sealed it's not a problem. But many systems are interchangeable-lens, and when the lens is removed then dust can float in. Or some lenses generate a "vacuum" effect as they focus in and out. Sensors often incorporate an ultrasonic motor which vibrates it and throws dust off. Or some sensors are mounted on shake tables to reduce blur from operator motion - you can do a similar thing there too. At the end of the day you just have to be careful though. Like I said, totally possible optically, and yes, very simple to process. The downsides are that when you split the beams each sensor only gets half the light intensity, which means you need to get more light into the optical system in the first place, and you need 2 sensors, which are by far the single most expensive component in the whole camera. You can actually do something similar with Magic Lantern, a hacked-up open-source firmware for Canon cameras. They scan alternate rows of the sensor at different sensitivities, and use the low-sensitivity row as the most-significant-bits of dynamic range for the high-sensitivity image. You lose a bunch of vertical resolution, but hey, you don't need 2 sensors. I identified the same issue with cycle time, but to me the biggest problem is the assumption of an accurate, sensitive, non-destructive-read sensor. They're assuming that they can charge a capacitor from a photodiode accurately, and also hook a voltage comparator (which is effectively the same as an ADC) to it constantly to get an accurate pulse to count. Assuming you have an accurate sensor that can be read non-destructively, then none of this modulus stuff is necessary anyway. Read once to set the proper gain on the ADC, then read again to get the fine bits. That way you still get the "unbounded HDR", but you don't need an ADC for every single receptor site, and you don't waste space on the counter or comparator. Instead, all of that lives on the image processor where it's not going to cause heat noise. That's such an incredibly enormous hand-wave to me that I feel I've got to be missing something. Why make it so complex with all the modulus stuff if we have a magic sensor? Also don't forget that you actually need to cycle significantly faster than just 128 * 8000 times per second, since presumably you can't integrate light into the capacitor while you're also zeroing it. Whatever goes into the capacitor while it's draining is lost, because it drains to zero. Seems like a better approach would be to add a "gain pixel" to traditional sensors. So imagine you've got your Bayer grid (or a layout that functions similarly), one of the pixels in the grid gets read out first. That one sets the gain for the ADC for the surrounding pixels. The downside is your iteration couldn't be linear and the gain control would be a lot more complex, but you could do it with technology that actually exists, and you wouldn't lose half of your vertical resolution by doing it a whole line at a time like Magic Lantern's dual-ISO mode. You'd have to do fancy processing around high-contrast edges, but what else is new. Yeah I was thinking that too. No matter how tiny a capacitor, you have (tens of) millions of them on the sensor, one per photoreceptor, and you're charging and discharging them 100k-10M times per second. That's a lot of energy being accumulated and dissipated right next to the photoreceptors. Thermal noise is gonna be nuts on a modulus sensor, too. No system is ever unbounded, period, unless you live in a world of frictionless spherical cows. At some point you run into issues caused by accuracy, energy, capacity, etc. I wasn't putting a dog in this race with that comment, just urging you to get that battery checked up on before it dumped you at the side of the road. Headlights pull some wattage, but a radio really shouldn't and there's no way 15 minutes should cause any concerning symptoms. Just trying to help :) I'm not sure how I feel about it, personally. I share a lot of the concerns that have been raised here (battery cutout wiping my clock+radio, vibration, longevity, cranking+jumping ability, etc), and I'm always a bit wary of "One Weird Trick; Auto Companies Hate Him!" claims. I'm certainly not going to be the test dummy for that one, I got places to be that aren't the side of the road. Give me 5 years of early adopters and we'll see. Neither here nor there, but I was one of the early adopters of electric motors in R/C airplanes. I was doing it since before brushless was a thing (about 15 years), my first plane used a brushed Graupner car motor and Sub-C car packs (boy howdy was that underpowered). I can tell you that batteries have a very finite lifetime, especially when you abuse them under high-current loads. I worry that a lot of hybrid/electric owners are in for some sticker shock when their packs wear out. That one unit is a pretty significant fraction of the total cost and it's a wear item. I know there's steps taken to lengthen the life of the pack, but you can't run them indefinitely. We call this "dumb, unquestioning" layer the "link layer" (layer 2) in the 7-layer model. The thing is, nobody lets their computer act based on arbitrary packets coming in from the internet. We at LEAST make them take place in the context of a TCP session (layer 5). More likely you'd require node authentication (a function of the application layer, layer 7). I have real doubts that manufacturers can/will implement airgaps and read-only circuitry properly. Jeep tried, and now they're doing a recall. Auto companies are only starting to realize that they are actually in the business of computer security now, and it will be years before there's been enough of these recalls for them to come to terms with the magnitude of this task. The fact that they are still operating on the walled-garden concept - inside of which all messages are taken on face value - is ample evidence of this. Real airgaps imply a severe degradation of functionality from what both consumers and auto companies have come to expect. The days of your entertainment unit being able to control anything in your car will be gone, as will things like over-the-air firmware updates, remote door unlocks, etc. This is just not going to happen in a feature-driven world. And all it takes is for someone to leave one firmware-flash bit unset and the entire thing is worthless. Expecting that airgaps and read-only circuitry will be implemented, and implemented perfectly , every time, is wildly unrealistic, and with that security model the failure case is brutal . Once they're into the garden, they're in. Burying your head in the sand or bawling about the cost of the fix is pointless. Cars are now connected to the internet and broadcast wifi networks, they can no longer blindly trust messages on their internal networks. That's the thing auto companies have to fundamentally come to grips with, regarding them now being in the business of computer security. If you want cars to be on the internet, validating signing for messages, firmware updates, etc is not optional, regardless of what you would prefer. We need UEFI for car hardware, and we need messages authenticated on a session level. The brakes need to be able to realize that there's no valid reason for the head unit to be sending them commands. > And knowing the complexity and lack of quality in encryption libraries(openssl anyone?), adding more complexity would just introduce even more risk. What you're saying here is fundamentally that because OpenSSL has bugs that everyone should be using HTTP instead. That opinion puts you in the minority of the technical world, to say the least. > Only solution i can see that really works is if the true sender "breaks the bus" when it detects a malicious sender is using it's source address, as is done when you get ID-collisions This is a solution that requires perfect implementation from every component. As long as this is actually a specified behavior, written down somewhere that you have to implement to mark your part as "CAN2-compliant", that would be OK, but I doubt that's going to happen. In general, though, I oppose requiring every node on a network operate perfectly to maintain security. > The bandwidth of CAN is quite limited so including cryptographic signatures with proper strength in every message is not an option. So don't include a signature in every message. Nobody does that in the computer world, you authenticate a session. There's still no reason for the head unit to be opening up a session with the brakes, and the brakes should reject such a connection attempt. I realize that this isn't possible with the architecture of the CAN bus, but the CAN bus is just not suitable for nodes which are connected to the internet and broadcast wifi hotspots. The failure case of a CAN bus attack is just not appropriate - once you're on, that's it, you can do anything. There's going to have to be some changes, and the sooner we accept that fact the sooner we can start working on a solution. If we need a network with a cleaner electrical source and more bandwidth, that can no longer be driven with 8-bit micros on an unfiltered alternator, well, that's the price of having nice things. We'll have to buy the $1 part instead of the $.30 part to get the power windows onto the network. When you're connected to the internet, blind trust is not an option. Within a year or two we'd see micros with onboard crypto accelerators anyway, and we'd be back to the $0.30 parts. According to TFA, they "overheard 2 communications between the keyfob and the transponder", which reduced the number of possible keys to 196,607. This was brute-forceable in half an hour. So the answer is both - the algorithm was flawed enough to reduce the strength, but they were brute forcing it the rest of the way. 2 communications isn't much at all. Getting something from your car and locking it back up is all it takes. Thrust is for CUDA. But there's also the Bolt framework for OpenCL. EasyOpenCL sounds quite similar to these STL-style libraries. My experience TA'ing a classroom full of CS110 (introduction to programming for CS majors, taught in Java) was that the cognitive load of Eclipse was indeed very high. Most people preferred Netbeans. The people who did prefer Eclipse were the high-flyers who had done programming or worked in it previously. Unfortunately I have found that NetBeans is often missing some functionality around the edges. For example, it doesn't support parameterized JUnit tests (they run, they count towards success/failure, but don't display in the GUI). That's not exactly new functionality either, they've been around since what, 2010? It's a shame because Netbeans is definitely a more polished environment. I would suggest that you check out PyCharm and see if it suits your needs. Everything I've tried by JetBrains has been absolutely fantastic. SmallBasic is probably a good idea for young students working through these problems. I'm a big fan of VS for C# and IntelliJ for Java. Neither of these are Babby's First IDE, but once you have mastered the basic ideas of working in an IDE they pretty much work the way you would expect. JetBrains' other IDEs and plugins have also been uniformly excellent, in my experience. The VC++ parts of VS are a lot rougher, but I suppose that's to be expected. Same. Seriously, it's a fantastic example of "user interface designed by an engineer". It's not that I don't understand how to use Eclipse - sadly, it's an editor I have spent all too much time working with in various incarnations/skins. It's incredibly powerful and extensible (which unfortunately leads to it being used as a base for further IDEs built on top of it), it's just incredibly painful and unintuitive to use. You can do literally anything, it'll just be buried five menus deep inside some control panel. Today I fired up Android Studio for the first time, and I literally cracked a smile and did a fistpump when I saw IntelliJ staring back at me instead of fucking Eclipse. SoCs with 8GB onboard is a pretty niche chip, but other than that it's all out there. The Raspberry Pi/2 is actually a pretty poor offering - you can do better, even at the same price, The Pi Foundation just does a better job of marketing. Specific models are the ODroid XU4, the CubieBoard or Cubietruck, the Banana Pi, etc. They're not cheap, but the Jetson TK1 is an extremely powerful offering for this category based on the Tegra K1 SoC. You get SATA, USB 3.0, mPCIE, 1GigE, GPU with 192 Kepler cores, etc. If you need some grunt you can even do CUDA compute. Again, I'm still waiting for my Tegra-X1 based Jetson, NVIDIA : Using real SSDs on a real SATA channel makes an immense difference, not just in performance but also in system stability. SD cards are meant to be linearly loaded up with files, dumped to disk, then erased. They do not handle highly random write loads with sectors of extreme write intensity very well, their wear levelling is very minimal and sooner or later you will burn them out if you're not careful. The typical way around this is using a write-protected SD card for bootstrapping (if necessary). You load a minimal driver stub, and then you either boot from a USB stick or you do a PXE boot from an image on the network. USB 2.0 is way too limited to handle your entire system disk+network traffic+data disk load. You want USB 3.0 at a minimum if your computer is set up like that. If you just want something real minimal maybe the SD card options are OK, but I highly, highly recommend a SSD-based system if you can swing it at all. If you're not going to see a ton of traffic, maybe you could build it out once and run it on your corporate network? That could be more appealing than a hosted or colo'd solution, depending on the task. The comparisons of Fukushima to Chernobyl really got my goat, personally. Despite the fact that fuel rods melted in both cases (thus both were "meltdowns"), there is an extraordinary difference between fuel rods overheating in a cooling pond and explosive breach of a critical reactor in a runaway condition. It's like classifying a campfire and the Hindenburg together because both are combustion - both can certainly burn you, but they're fundamentally dislike in intensity, scale, and kind. Most of the really nasty stuff (high-level actinide waste) is highly radioactive because it decays so quickly. After the reactor is shut down and the fuel rods are removed, all that stuff is gone, whereas breach of a critical reactor results in the release of that stuff. The byproducts of a fuel fire is stuff like radioiodine and radiocaesium - it's not healthy by any means, if ingested it will elevate the risk of cancer over the long term, but it's not instadeath like actinide waste. "What is expected to happen in Fukushima" is nothing like what happened to Chernobyl. A couple years later people are moving back, and it's perfectly safe to do so after some minimal decontamination efforts. It depends on the dosage. In medium to large doses that's certainly true, but it's not a settled question for low doses. The model that assumes that any radiation (no matter how little) causes damage is called the Linear No-Threshold model, and there's actually not a lot of scientific consensus on its validity. It's a conservative model, and thus it tends to get used out of an abundance of caution, but it's hard to quantify low-dose effects accurately. Since we're all exposed to a fair bit of radiation naturally, low doses don't represent much change in total radiation exposure. Average dosage to the public in the affected countries was about 9 millisieverts [1]. A CT scan is about 10 mSv. The average natural exposure is about 2.4 mSv per year in America, but in some places with high radon levels exposure can be up to 7 mSv/year. It's difficult to reach significance with small changes like that. [1] http://nuclearsafety.gc.ca/eng/resources/health/health-effec... It's a particular problem with the "soft" sciences, though. For example, psychology is tough because you can't read people's minds, you have to go with how it affects their behavior in some measurable way or how they feel about it, and there's a tremendous number of confounding variables. Economics is another tough one, because experiments are not isolated from exogenous conditions and thus cannot really have a control. The whole thing is also highly interrelated with psychology as well. I'd throw poli-sci in that category too. At least in physics somebody else can set up the same experiment and run it again. Sure, the same tendencies to publication bias, etc apply, but usually within a few years to a decade such things are discovered, corrected, and the problem identified. It's much harder to identify what resulted in the change of outcome for a soft-science experiment. Another factor is that successful preparedness for past events produces a false sense of complacency for future events. The more disaster planners succeed, the less people think their work is necessary. If you're using the passwords on multiple sites they're not unique. Not that users don't do it, but that's an invariant he stated. I'm a big fan of his Slashdot AMA, which he mostly spends informing you about the best ways to bribe policemen and smuggle drugs while you're in Central America. http://interviews.slashdot.org/story/14/04/06/2344201/interv... The manufacturers were already on Etsy anyway, and Etsy wasn't really making much of an effort to get rid of them, so it's basically a move to legitimize the status quo. I agree that the brand damage is probably going to hurt in the long term, Amazon and eBay have already locked up the "generic crap from China" market. But I guess Etsy is probably thinking that their money spends just like everyone else's, so. I strongly agree with your first point. Etsy's search is hot garbage, you just can't get there from here. The only major e-commerce site with a comparably bad search is Amazon, and they are highly aware of how many of their inlinks are coming from "productName amazon" and working hard to rectify the problem. Personally I wish more sites implemented searches that let you get at categories and attributes and apply Boolean logic to them (eg "glass bowl NOT pipe region:PacificNorthWest"). At least then the powerusers can eventually strugglebus their way through the crap. Ebay's search is actually fantastic in this respect, and you can find a lot of the same stuff that's on Etsy - much more easily. Especially, again, the generic Chinese crap. Now mind you, I've never seen anyone actually DOCUMENT their searches well, even in the cases where they implement them. Not even Google has a single source where you can find everything. Apart from the absurd overuse of quotation marks that you linked, "remaining scrupulously neutral" is indeed a general editorial policy of the BBC. They tend to "report the controversy" - i.e. report that "some people think A, while others think B" rather than weighing the factual support or veracity of either position. However everyone still has their own personal biases, and from time to time the hosts do inject their personal positions on the less scripted programs (eg the BBC World Service radio program). I actually dislike this as well, because it's not factually-based or institutionally overseen. It's just a host deciding to mock a position or slam a guest on his own. There is a difference between journalism and editorializing , and I have a particular problem when an institution that has a policy of being scrupulously neutral will refuse to touch factual bias but allows their hosts to go off and editorialize. It's not all that frequent, but it really bugs me when I hear it happen. Another problem is that there's always bias just from what stories get selected as newsworthy and what positions are represented within them. There's an Overton Window inherently represented by that. Overall I do think the BBC does a pretty good job on that one at least. As an aside - try watching CSPAN after a big state event or something when they do the call-ins. They have the most hilariously stone-faced hosts I've ever seen. To avoid the appearance of bias they will take literally anyone, and they get the full range of people, both in political opinions and sanity. "I THINK THAT OBAMA IS A SECRET CHRONONAUT FROM MARS! HE..." "Thank you caller. Now to Susan from Rhode Island,...". They must have their emotions surgically removed or something. It needs to be assisted up to something like Mach 0.5 by a conventional engine or a first-stage. Sonic booms are a not-insignificant problem as well. We've been pouring money and research into it for decades and we have barely made a dent in it. The only known shape which produces no sonic boom (Busemann's Biplane) also produces no lift. There is a known shape called the Sears-Haack body which produces very little turbulence - basically it's like a very long pointed football. The best we have been able to do is make airplanes resemble that shape by having short stubby wings at the widest portion of the airflow body, with an elongated snout and tail. It does reduce turbulence to a degree, but again you are hurting your lift. I think this may actually be an insoluble problem. You need to disturb the air to produce lift, i.e. create a low-pressure zone over the wing, and a high-pressure zone under the wing. My fear is that this is inextricably linked to sonic booms, as we just seem to be exploring various locations within a space defining the tradeoffs between lift and sonic booms. We may be able to do it if we get the sonic boom low enough , but this gets back to the cost tradeoff. A rocket is certainly one possible solution within this space - a no-lift body that follows a ballistic trajectory could probably be constructed not to produce a sonic boom. However any solution on this end runs right back into the cost problem that you noted. Rockets need a lot more fuel and maintenance than a fixed-wing craft, and they're a lot less safe. It probably precipitates more rapidly due to temperature or having more nuclei to form droplets around. Once it's precipitated, it's no longer vapor, so it doesn't spend any time at 25km. Not sure which, or what particles there would be more of at 33km than 25km, but that's my immediate guess. That's smart. Programmers do a lot of searching for examples, there was a recent Google study on the topic. [1] One of my personal favorites lately has been bropages [2] - it's a crowdsourced set of usage examples for Unix command-line tools. Instead of wading through fifty pages of obtuse manpages or googling for usage, you just use "bro [command]" and you get some working examples. [1] https://research.google.com/pubs/pub43835.html [2] http://bropages.org/ Most popular air corridors aren't over oceans. There's a reason that the only route the Concorde regularly ran was from JFK to London or Paris. Anything in South-East Asia is pretty close to land. The great-circle distance means that the shortest path runs over Canada or Greenland for many routes, and so on. And in the abstract it's more desirable to be over land because you have a place to ditch if something goes wrong. Typical pattern traffic is much slower than 600kt. It's a hazard to have aircraft at 600kt zooming around 747s approaching at 200kt and so on. You can come up with protocols to minimize the risks (eg running patterns at different flight levels and on different runways) but there's only so far you can take it, and there's still an increase in risk, particularly in emergency situations. When trans-sonic aircraft are operating at low speeds they're operating inefficiently. The longer and slower you're running them, the higher the fuel burn. That translates into higher operating cost and longer flight times. In an ideal world you would want them supersonic as soon as they can possibly get to cruising speed. You need to be pretty high before supersonic booms stop being a problem. The Concorde could do up to 60k altitude and was still a nuisance. So maybe 75k or 100k feet? Even that might not be enough - booms can travel as far as 100 miles and the difference in air density isn't significant enough to fully dampen this. You might be able to get away with flying lower with an aircraft that was designed to reduce booming. As always, there's an XKCD about it :) https://xkcd.com/927/ Those two consequences you predict are entirely contradictory. Less educated people will be pushed out of the workforce, but for some reason people will also disregard education that would increase their employability? Say what? Living wage does have a specific definition - it is a minimum subsistence wage, that takes into account the cost of living for a various area as well as various things that are necessary to be able to work (eg child care, transportation, and medical coverage). It does not budget time or money for any entertainment or leisure time, or any long-term financial planning such as retirement or savings. So in short it's a minimum wage, except a minimum wage that's actually based on the immediate day-to-day costs needed to keep you working at your job. In fact it's really less political than the minimum wage itself, since the minimum wage is just an arbitrary number someone chose - one that's usually low enough to require the government to subsidize businesses who employ minimum-wage workers, through various social programs. Why is the minimum wage currently $7.25 instead of the $15 equivalent it was in the 70s? We simply haven't legislated an increase. Can you change what costs are considered essential to keeping you working? Sure, and those do change over time. 70 years ago you wouldn't have had to include child-care costs since you'd have a stay-at-home wife to care for them. And indeed such things should change when justified by conditions on the ground - we no longer live in an economy of 1-income households, and it's not just foolish to pretend we do - it's harmful. I assure you that Americans demonstrate ample resistance to perceived increases in the living standards of the poor, it's unnecessary to preemptively rule out any changes down the road. Small world - my dad's another one of those 4 HP-ES folks left from the blue days. I agree with the advice here and I've forwarded him a link to the comments (hi dad!). For people who work with legacy technologies, it can actually be the reverse situation. Yeah, your knowledge of The Latest Hipster Web Framework becomes less valuable year on year, but the situation is a little different for senior personnel running Fortune 50-level ops on legacy technologies. They aren't exactly churning OpenVMS systems architects out of coding boot camps. It's a lot the same situation as COBOL programmers are in - they're not something you need a million of, the work may not be 100% stable, but when you do need them they're fixing mission-critical systems that have millions/billions of dollars of business riding on them and the rates are astronomical. Maven is fantastic at handling this complexity. It's a pain to initially configure, but once you have it set up you can pretty much forget about it. Similar to the author, my experiences with Gem and Bundler have been rather painful due to a combination of things like Cygwin/Windows issues, incompatibilities between Ruby versions, and 32/64 bit problems. Maven isn't quite perfect, I'd really like the ability for dependencies to have their sub-dependencies sandboxed in their own namespaces, I've run into some weird quirks with load order and the API-only JavaEE packages, but once you get a POM written it's totally reliable. I bitch just as much as the next guy about the mistakes that have long since been baked into the Java environment, but that dedication to backwards compatibility does pay off. Similarly, the fact that it's running on a JVM rather than bare metal has its performance costs, but it does allow you to trust that the actual computation will Just Work wherever you run it (although of course the stuff that touches the surrounding environment will not). In the comments the author states that he wants something "less invasive" than Docker. I'm not sure what that actually means - for me, having to actually install it and deal with the versioning on my real system is more invasive. Containerized applications that build their own runtime environments is a step in the right direction there, just like the JVM. Docker has some really dumb defaults right now, running as root has been known to be retarded since forever and you should not encourage users to do it. But running as root is problematic for lots of other reasons, and causes the potential for jailbreak on other jails too (eg chroot). FreeBSD jails seem to have some good rules on what you're allowed to do inside a jail. If you really want "minimal invasiveness" and your software really really requires that you have superuser privileges then you should probably be running a full-fat VM with an OS inside, with the network sandboxing happening at the host. Even then, it's not like even Xen hasn't had the occasional jailbreak. The real problem is that the program itself should never require running as root in the first place - but that's a problem with Discourse, not a problem with jails. The old adage about "never start over from scratch" doesn't really apply when there's no feasible way to refactor your way from A to B. I'm not gonna rehash the full deal, everyone knows the "PHP is a fractal of bad design" article. Whether you think that's an exaggeration of the problem's impact or not, it's hard not to agree that PHP has a lot of features that are counterintuitive, encourage bad coding practices, and make modularity/expansibility of the codebase a real challenge. PHP is fine if you do it right, but it's really a challenge to ensure that a bunch of volunteers are doing it right, 100% of the time. It's not a coincidence that the people who are using mega-scale PHP codebases like Facebook aren't actually running PHP - they've gone through and cleaned up some of the awfulness and run a language based on PHP. Those are the design decisions that the actual PHP standards group isn't competent to make, because anyone who's sane has run for the hills. Discourse is indeed extremely overengineered, but I don't think the urge to start over on a modern language that has better design features is wrong per se. If you had a web forum written on ANSI C or COBOL, wouldn't you say that at some point the costs of an inappropriate platform or a limited pool of engineering talent outweigh the cost of just rewriting it? You don't have Facebook-level resources to refactor the whole platform, you don't have billions of dollars of sales riding on your software. It's a comment forum. To throw your comment back - if it's just a simple app to display text on a page, why not fix the technical debt and put yourself on the right long-term track? In order to produce a generic, you need to prove that it has the same efficacy as the namebrand drug. It's not the same thing as a full FDA trial, it's small-scale and you're basically just proving that you're ending up with the same active ingredient and that it has the same effects in patients (i.e. you're not doing something differently in the formulation/delivery that's causing problems or impeding the efficacy of the drug). You can't do that for these drugs, because the only way to get ahold of the namebrand drug is from the official supplier, and they won't sell it to you. It's way down there in the article, but Turing's distributor (Impax) is tampering with the generic approval process. They use a controlled distribution strategy where you need to buy it directly from them, and they won't sell it to anyone who uses it for approval testing. Without the namebrand drug, there's no way to prove that your generic is equally efficacious, and thus no generic approvals and no competition. Cuba is a really interesting example because it demonstrates the importance of least-common-denominator care. You're not getting high-tech imaging or brand new drugs, but they deliver a basic level of care pretty uniformly across its population. And the outcomes speak for themselves - on average they're just as good as the US. The problem with US outcomes is really disparity. A lot of people have very little access to health care and that drags our averages down like crazy. If we could get these kind of "solved-problem" drugs out to everyone who needs them, our average outcomes would jump quite a bit. Cost is a whole different situation, and that's a much more difficult one to solve. Everyone from manufacturer to insurer to doctor wants their cut, the elasticity of demand for a good without which you will die is zero, so there's very little incentive to keep cost down. There's a few places you can point that are particularly excessive (direct-to-patient marketing, excessive spending on terminal patients circling the drain, etc), but in general it's the death of a million cuts. Pumping generics is one of those cases that's clearly abusive. With regard to the specific problem, if you try to limit their profits pharmas will simply take their ball and go home - they won't produce it. For a real-world example of this, you can no longer get the Lyme Disease vaccine for humans - nobody makes it anymore, you can only get it for the veterinary market. Evergreening is a similar problem. In such cases the government really needs to either contract out production of a supply, at-cost (including interest, distribution, etc). If no one will do it, bite the bullet and make it ourselves. If our national labs can figure out how to manufacture high-quality biological or chemical agents, we can figure out how to make high-quality vaccines and drugs as well. Public health is a matter of national security when you get right down to it. Shouldn't we be able to ramp up production of an Ebola vaccine if we really needed it? In the past that's exactly what they've tried to do, and this usually ends up clobbering the law-abiding users in the process. Most of these bands are pretty close to each other - the 10M HF band is right next to the CB band, the 2M band is right next to the emergency services bands and pretty close to both the aviation bands and the weather radio bands, and so on. Gear from one will pretty much just work on the nearby bands, absent some other protection. You can do filtering, but it's physically pretty hard to make an amplifier work ideally within its band and then immediately stop working when you take it outside its band. So the FCC's response in the past was to make it illegal to produce anything that could go from [unlicensed power level] up to [licensed power level] on demand. If you wanted to make a 10M amp that could hit say 150W, you had to require at least 75W drive power because that was beyond what a legal CB radio could deliver. Kinda sucked for anyone who couldn't afford a radio with 100W of drive, and I think they eventually let off a bit because they were losing the battle to cheap Chinese junk sold over the internet. They're very proactive about enforcement, they'll get you sooner or later, but until then it's better for everyone if you're not spewing harmonics everywhere. There are radios and amps that use a frequency analyzer to automatically cut out when operated out of their intended bands, they're just very expensive compared to most of the gear that's out there. And a lot of the Software Defined Radios and so on are actually wideband radios that are physically capable of operating across a bunch of bands. These are very concerning for the FCC, and you pretty much cannot limit these physically, it has to be built into the firmware or the controlling software. Hence the article. There's also just different rules for different license classes. As a radio amateur, I can also use 2.4 GHz (13cm band) under my license, and I am allowed to operate with up to 1500 to 2500 watts EIRP depending on mode. That is of course subject to lots of limitations including "minimum necessary power", but there's nothing physically stopping you from taking a 13cm amp sold for radio amateurs and running wifi over it. Same frequency, how does the radio know? Just to fill in the context that's missing here: 1. If you have a single radio unit, you can easily do the "software" implementation where you look at what you're going to be broadcasting and cut it off if it's not legal. The problem comes when you have separate radio and amplifiers - the amplifier has no idea what whether you're feeding it 10M or CB frequncies. It will amplify either just fine, so the FCC really prefers you to build in a "hardware" type implementation there (a frequency analyzer that figures out what's going into it). It's just expensive to do so - like if you didn't already have a digital amp, you might easily add 1/4 or 1/2 to the cost just to get some dumb logic built in. And you can still probably get around it if you really try. 2. There is a disproportionate amount of cheap gear and old gear in circulation. We didn't get "smart" rigs until the late 90s at a minimum, and even so they are vastly outnumbered by stuff from the glory days of the 50s, 60s, and 70s. There has always been a relatively small amount of high-power stuff in circulation, and there's even less smart high-power stuff. A lot of the modern kit-built stuff like the Elecraft K2 focuses on QRP (effective operation on low power) instead of crazy high output. 3. This manifests as a CRAZY price curve. It's relatively easy to get an old radio from the 70s that'll do 50 or 100W (especially after factoring in weak, aging tubes, etc). A modern mini-rig that will do 25W or something is also relatively affordable. But if you want something new, powerful, or new AND powerful you can easily jump into the thousands of dollars. For the cost of a modern rig that'll do any given power level, you can afford an older rig and an amp that will put out an equally good signal with substantially more power. Or with a better antenna. And so on. 4. There's nothing wrong with the old gear and things like tubes can be fixed. If you trash your new wünder-rig it's garbage. So given that amateurs are crafty people (the proto-hacker, really) there's a strong incentive to make the old or lower-power stuff work, because it's repairable when it breaks. Wideband radios are not all that new. My radio is a Kenwood TS-820S from the 70s and covers multiple bands from 160M to 10M. My cheapo Radio Shack walkie talkie from 15 years ago covers most (all?) of 6M to 2M (i.e. all kinds of serious bands that I'm not allowed to transmit on). My Yaesu VX-5R from 10 years ago can do full-on wideband receive, from 6M up to microwave. With the help of an auto-tuner to match the SWRs there's no physical reason I can't transmit/receive bands I'm not supposed to. It's not like tweaking a VFO is really a technical challenge, they're well-understood technologies. And the frequency display on my radio is literally just a frequency counter for my own edification, the base TS-820 non-S model doesn't even have one. To find your frequency you look at the dial, there's a printed scale for your band. You know what happens if you are pushing the limit too far? The FCC tracks you down and you get a pink slip telling you that they know what you're up to. You both underestimate what older radios can do, and overstate what newer radios can do relative to them. The reasons that you didn't see people transmitting off-band before was primarily social , not technological. As for receive, the FCC was flipping out about people intercepting cellphone calls on omniband radios - 15 years ago . Omni SDR was around 10 years ago too, with the same capabilities (see: GNU Radio), it just cost more than $10 for a rig. Please do. I can easily see the benefits of being able to upgrade a chip while retaining software/hardware compatibility but I'd love to hear any other selling points. Are they reasonably competitive with equivalent AVRs in terms of cost and power? Do they have a PicoPower equivalent? In particular I suspect there's very few gains that can be made for wireless communications. My contention is that there exists a information-theoretic lower bound on the amount of energy it takes to transmit a given amount of information a given distance. Like a heat engine, at some point you can no longer make generational improvements in efficiency. You get asymptotically closer to the bound, you can't ever beat it. And wireless power tends to dominate the power budget of anything that uses it. High-bandwidth signals require more power to travel a given distance, low-bandwidth signals go farther on less power but transmit less information. Intuitively this is why you can go worldwide with CW (Morse code) on just a few watts of power, while a SSB signal on the same frequency doesn't go far at all. But I think you can mathematically support this by playing with the bandwidth+power terms of the Shannon-Hartley theorem. If we want to transmit a given amount of data per time unit, there are two natural extremes. We can either transmit it at the average data rate necessary, or we can race-to-sleep by blasting it out as fast as possible. I'm not sure which is more efficient given that SNR is inside the log2 of the S-H theorem, it depends on the relationship between SNR and bandwidth as you spread a given quantity of RF power thinner and thinner. Based on the log2 I would think this is an inverse-square kind of thing, making it an equivalent tradeoff. Showerthoughts: because of the Inverse Square Law, it's probably more efficient to make a mesh of multiple small hops than a single long shot. As the spacing of the mesh decreases to zero, you end up with a wire. Also, check out the ESP8266 chip, it doesn't have a BTLE onboard but it does handle the "SOC with low-power wifi" thing. I tend to agree with you - I'd like to see an NSF-style grant system where promising drugs are taken all the way from blue-sky to market. There they should be sold at-cost, where "cost" includes licensed production as well as amortizing the cost of development for the drug (or the average total cost of the the whole pool of drugs) over say 25 years. Apart from these issues there's simply a lot of diseases that The thing with marketing is that it's a win-win for the person doing the marketing. Direct-to-patient marketing has real-world returns (ask your doctor today if the purple pill is right for you!) and a rational player will put money into that investment until returns no longer exceed costs. However on the whole it drives up costs for everyone since people who don't actually need it seek treatment, and then get prescriptions. Regardless of anything else you do, you just need to outlaw direct-to-patient marketing. It's a perverse incentive and we're the only nation that allows it. That release is from 2002, which predates the introduction of Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel in the US (Cali switched in '06, the rest of the US switched in '10). This drops the allowable particulate concentration from 500 ppm to 15 ppm, which as you would expect greatly reduces soot as well as emissions of all kind. The diesel we were running back then was garbage. It really had more in common with something like heating oil than the diesel the rest of the world uses, and is the reason why the US has a perception of diesel engines being dirty. It also created huge problems for porting small diesels over from Europe - they run at a much higher compression, but at those pressures the particulates in the fuel become abrasive and eat away the fuel injectors. Now we can use the same engine designs they are. It's win-win for everyone (except the oil companies I guess). Also, biodiesel reduces soot and other emissions even further. The only downside is that it has a higher gel point than fossil diesel. In southern states you can get away with running straight B100, in more northerly states you need to mix in 15% fossil diesel to get the gel point back down (B85 fuel). The thing to remember is that hybrids and electrics tend to moderately trade off emissions for an increase in toxic waste from production. Neodymium for motors, tantalum for capacitors, lithium for batteries - all of those are bad news bears for the environment. Even stuff like copper isn't particularly awesome to produce. All other things being equal (mileage, emissions, etc), you should prefer the vehicle with a simple aluminum frame and engine over the high-tech wundercar because the impact of producing and disposing of it is lower. To the actual question - yeah, diesels running on biodiesel actually produce less GHG emissions than even hybrids. Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel is pretty close but just a bit above hybrids. The National Academy of Sciences published a study back in 2010 on the topic. The report itself is paywalled but there's a copy on the Arkansas state website. I snapped an image of the chart for ease of viewing. Note that ULSD was only introduced in the US in 2010 (2006 for Cali). The Euros have had it for quite a bit longer. So when you're reading studies, if it predates 2010 and it doesn't specifically say ULSD or Biodiesel then you should disregard it, because the new fuels are vastly cleaner and the playing field has shifted dramatically as a result. Biodiesel is often notated as something like B100, B85, or BD20 denoting the percentage of biodiesel in a mixture with fossil diesel. Pure B100 has a fairly high gel point and can cause problems starting in cold areas, so these mixtures include a fraction of ULSD to lower the gel point. http://imgur.com/FEOo1zB http://1.usa.gov/1gO9jPL The sulfur content of the diesel is the primary driver of particulate emissions. > The impact of diesel fuel sulfur reduction on directly-emitted and secondary atmospheric particulate is evaluated by experiment and analysis. Experimental evidence shows that fuel sulfur conversion rate to particulate sulfate is linear down to zero sulfur level. > Analysis shows that sulfur-derived particulate accounts for the vast majority of atmospheric particulate from diesel engines. Consequently, fuel sulfur reduction would have a far greater impact in reducing atmospheric particulate burden than any other diesel engine particulate control strategy. http://papers.sae.org/872139/ Sorry, this one's paywalled, but it's a finding that has been repeatedly reproduced in the literature. I completely agree about biodiesel. ULSD is a big step forward but biodiesel is even better in terms of emissions profile. It's also got a number of other things going for it - it can be run in conventional un-modified diesel engines that don't produce high-tech waste, and there's several factors that make its production more desirable than other biofuels. All new vehicles, but the fleet doesn't turn over instantly. You could still buy the old No.1 or No.2 Diesel for your old engine for a couple years before it was phased out entirely. You would have been stupid to do so, of course, because the new stuff was the same price, was cleaner, and probably ran better too. As time wore on, it did get increasingly hard to find - my local gas stations all converted right around 2007 and immediately stopped carrying the old stuff. But if you were running a fleet that fueled up at your company depot or something, you may well have been buying No.1 or No.2. It's not an ironclad rule, just a guideline of where you should apply a little extra scrutiny. There were studies of what ULSD could do that predate even 2006. But until 2010 I would look carefully at methodology, anything that just says "diesel" without elaborating may be looking at ULSD, No.1/No.2, or perhaps the vehicle fleet (which consisted of a mixture of both). I'll start right out by saying that NOx production is very sensitive to engine tuning, as VW has shown. If you run lean you increase your mileage, but you run hot which can increase your NOx output by two-digit factors. I scanned the literature real quick, and it's pretty mixed. I think stuff before the ULSD switchover pretty clearly favored the biodiesel, because No.1/No.2 were nasty. After the switchover, with a properly tuned engine, it seems to be pretty close with the ULSD having perhaps a slight edge. Without retuning the ULSD seems to be somewhat better. However all of this varies pretty broadly - some people found improved NOx levels just from switching biodiesel. I didn't find a good, modern paper that quantifies the increase, a few looked promising but were paywalled. http://umexpert.um.edu.my/file/publication/00003184_92278.pd... I thought this was a good summary of the effects of biodiesel and tuning strategies on various engines. Like ethanol vs gasoline, biodiesel contains more oxygen than its fossil counterpart. It's also not as fully saturated. As such it just tends to run leaner and hotter, and that's why there's a change in average levels. There seems to be a huge variance in the data. Some possible explanations: every manufacturer tunes their engine a little differently, air conditions like humidity and altitude may play a part, and the composition of the biodiesel may not be constant (eg percentage of fossil mixed in, level of saturation in the feedstock, different additive mixtures, etc). I think manufacturers probably tune their engines primarily for fossil, and to improve mileage they tend to run them as lean as emissions standards will let them get away with. So they may be fairly sensitive to small changes. It would probably be best to add biodiesel to the emissions tests as well, to get them to pay some attention to tuning for it. Maybe there's a happy medium that will work acceptably with both. If not - flex-fuel ethanol vehicles are capable of automatically detecting the level of ethanol and adjusting their tuning to match, we should have something like that for biodiesel. Perhaps a property like acidity or density, levels of particulates, or presence of a taggant in the fuel. Anyway, hadn't looked at that stuff since before ULSD was out and didn't realize it had changed the picture a little bit. I don't mean to minimize the problem, acid rain sucks and we should absolutely do what we can to address it. But there's no zero-harm solution, if the increase can be mitigated or kept minor with proper tuning there are some compelling benefits to biodiesel over fossil diesel. I will never expose the Wu-Tang Socket. This is a pretty neat product. I especially like the continuous-feed idea. I'd really like to do stuff that involves stainless. What would be the cheapest option capable of doing some reasonable sheet stainess? My wallet is cringing at the mere concept, but maybe I could talk a local hackerspace into doing it or something. I've been meaning to build a CNC mini-mill for a while. I think that seems like a more practical option for stuff that doesn't require intricate cuts. And definitely more affordable. JSON-Schema and XML-Schema provide the "specify and match" functionality, in the sense of deciding whether or not a given instance of a document conforms to a defined standard. For simple regex-style queries there are XPath and JSONPath expressions. If you want to actually touch them as plain objects it's a very straightforward task of implementing a data provider to marshal the objects. In Java this is provided by libraries such as Jackson (JSON) and JAXB (XML). These basically work just like Hibernate. JSON and XML cover many of the real-world use cases of parsing such CFGs. If you make your data fit into one of those boxes it's very straightforward to validate or marshal them according to those schema protocols. They obviously do have a greater complexity than just writing a regex, but that's kind of the nature of using a more expressive language, and it's by no means an insurmountable increase. No, tasks like "extracting all links from a webpage" are absolutely trivial using an HTML parser. Run the following XPath query on an HTML object: //a[@class='specified_string']/@href Yes, you have to understand the syntax XPath to write such expressions, just like you have to know the language of regexes. Or at least be able to google them. The answer to "who cares" is "you", because you're the one who's going to catch hell when your regex failed to capture some hyperlink that utilized some feature of XML that exceeded your test-cases. The one-liner above is guaranteed to Just Work on all valid XML documents, so why even create such a monstrosity? Everyone knows that Regexes Cannot Parse HTML, and yet people still try it because they think they're smarter than Noam Chompsky. The real truth is that everything looks like a nail to these people, because all they have is a hammer. Then you're not talking about parsing HTML/XML, are you? How could you possibly know which links or syntax tokens are actually going to be displayed on a page if you feed the browser's parser an invalid document? There are fault-tolerant HTML parsers like TagSoup that are specifically designed to handle dirty HTML and spit out a valid document object. If you have sources that are malformed badly enough that it's still not working, you can define custom SAX properties to handle them. But a task like that is certainly a best-case effort and the interpretation of such a library is no more or less valid than the interpretation of the browser's parser. It's not a valid document to start with and nothing can make it so. If you are only parsing values out of a single specific data template, you know it's not going to parse as HTML or XML, you know that it's never going to contain weird values, and you know it's never going to change - then go hog wild. But it's fundamentally a brittle approach that only holds as long as those assumptions do. I've made the mistake of believing some of those about my data and it's bitten me before. And I really question the implicit assertion that "most html parsing" would fall into that exceedingly narrow category. Especially after a couple years of feature creep. Just keep your logic general and normalize your data. Offer a failover to a fault-tolerant parser in your data layer with a logged warning. This is much more durable and doesn't silently generate invalid tokens or silently fail to capture valid tokens. Regexes simply cannot offer the capability to fail loudly. So once you are no longer actively babysitting your custom regex parser it could have started failing at any time - how would you even know? Whether or not they hold the keys at present, Apple is in a position of power with regard to the iOS environment. In a technical sense it would be fairly straightforward for them to acquire the keys. Trusting the company has nothing to do with it - they could be legally compelled to do so in a secret court, and gagged with a NSL to keep them from revealing such an order. Sadly that's the reality we now live in. Haha, "refusing reboots". You know what happens to our work PCs when you click "postpone"? Fuck you, that was your warning. If you disregard it, in five minutes you get another 20 second warning to desparately hammer "Save" before your system force-reboots. Not during the middle of the night, either - typically these get pushed out around 10-11 AM. All the data breaches lately have demonstrated the need for some kind of professional engineering license to ensure compliance with best practices. Even if your app is meaningless in and of itself, a data breach can reveal Personally Identifying Information or credentials for other sites and accounts. There's too much of a "code cowboy" mentality out there right now. As a community we've become very feature-driven and security is usually the last consideration. You need somebody whose name goes on the dotted line and assumes responsibility for the overall integrity of the system, because otherwise it's always Somebody Else's Problem. If you get breached and you weren't following best practices, then your PE takes on the liability, just like a building collapse or something. This can be accomplished without significant burden to smalltime admins now that we have stuff like AWS and Docker. You should be able to Chef yourself a secure AWS instance and then Docker-Compose yourself a functional application deployment. Most smalltime users probably want some combination of CMS, storefront, or forum, and it should be pretty easy to provide these as prefabs. Some customization will be necessary, but then it will fall on the appdevs to force validation and security on the webdevs. If your defaults let someone inject SQL or something then it falls on the appdev, if the webdev uses an "unsafe" flag and overrides the defaults it rolls downhill onto the webdev. If you don't follow unit/integration testing best-practices, then it falls on you. If you don't pin your versions and a vulnerability opens up in the future - falls on you. Etc. These standards should apply whenever you are a commercial entity or store Personally Identifying Information. If you are a legit smalltime user and don't want to use professionally licensed software then go ahead and do whatever, but you should be content with storing a username/password and perhaps using a one-time SMS or email validation that doesn't get stored. These then travel in a "viral" fashion like copyleft - if you are building a commercial website you need to do it using a storefront that has a licensed PE, that runs on a runtime that has a licensed PE. Once these are commonly available then most users would probably follow suit anyway. This idea isn't going to be very popular with startup coders from Silicon Valley, but the reality is that the US is way out there on this stuff and we're seeing an epidemic of data breaches as a result. The EU has much more stringent data privacy laws. These don't have a whole lot of teeth at the moment, but the principles are down on paper and this is what I think you would need to implement them effectively. To me HTML code is really a microcosm of the problem. People will write whatever old crap for as long as you let them get away with it. You have to make it as easy as possible to do the right thing, but a lot of people will have to be dragged kicking and screaming by turning on XHTML and disallowing standards non-compliance. Professional licensing is how you do that for applications and systems engineering. That's pushing on a string, man. You will never be able to effectively track down and punish every bored Russian teenager. As Schneier puts it - security is a process. The process doesn't have to be perfect, but there needs to be one. If your process is drastically substandard, someone need to be liable for that. The need for a standards group and a single point of liability follow logically from that, just as it does with other engineered systems. Under HIPAA an individual must be designated a "security officer", and that role should extend to other systems that store Personally Identifying Information as well. I think the real point of disagreement with many people is about the significance of a data breach. In my opinion (and the standards of the EU) anything that leaks Personally Identifying Information is significant. It doesn't matter if it's leaking from an app that sends fart noises to your friends, only that it can be tied to you or your other accounts. If you really need to be storing PII then there needs to be a requirement to do it securely (meaning in accordance with secure best-practices). Otherwise, again, nobody does it until it's too late. A good read: https://www.schneier.com/essays/archives/2000/04/the_process... I'm assuming you're a Euro - most places don't have giro transfers like you guys do. A long time ago the US and the European financial systems diverged. The US banks optimized for check processing and credit cards, while the Euro banks optimized for bank transfers. Domestic bank transfers typically cost around $25-35 a pop and take several days to clear in the US. Checks usually post instantly but take about as long to clear - the time between it posting and clearing is basically a loan, and the check may still bounce. Until a few years ago, many banks didn't even allow you to do bank transfers online. Stores will sometimes use "electronic checks" where you provide a blank check and they read the account numbers off it, but this is just a shortcut to avoid handling the piece of paper. The funds are still moved through the checking system. These are not available to regular account-holders either. That's why we come up with all these systems like Paypal and Patreon to move money around - the bank-level tools are cumbersome, slow, and expensive for us. Yeah, German companies are typically managed in a much more bottom-up fashion than US companies. Labor isn't just an input to be managed, it's treated as an active player that can be cultivated to produce product improvements and gains from productivity/loyalty in the long term. This occasionally leads to some bizarre cultural "impedence mismatches". Volkswagen tried to organize a workers' council at their plant in Tennessee, and were rather dumbfounded at the blowback they received from both workers and politicians alike. The workers' councils are a normal part of their management process, they never figured it'd be a problem. Of course this is very much a case of "physician, heal thyself". There are tons of BS management practices in the tech world - stack-rank is the first thing that comes to mind. And big tech companies like FB and Google are known to be colluding to hold our wages down. We're skilled workers, overall we're a prime target for organizing. But we're notoriously hard to organize because of our culture, and it's really tough to see how to change that. Historically it's always been the case that workplace improvements are demanded, not given. The beatings will continue until morale improves, unless we act cohesively. -name and -iname are the commands to know. But yeah, I think that's the default novice way of using find. I cannot agree with you and the article hard enough - I have an intense, irrational aversion to using 'find' that's absolutely incomparable to my feelings on any other Unix tool. I really can't think of any other utility which needs so many inane arguments to achieve a basic level of functionality. I even hate cracking open the manpages on it - I'll try to bring myself to do it, and then I decide "you know what, fuck it, I'll grep for it". This is where I throw in a quick plug for bropages. Best tool ever, cannot recommend strongly enough. It's the second thing I install on a new system, right after etc-keeper. I love what Unicomp is doing. The Model Ms are fantastic keyboards and I have several that I use for programming. They're indestructible and you can maintain and repair them very easily. You can grab keyboards off eBay and swap them out for parts, or source new parts from Unicomp. I really wish they would offer the full-size in addition to the Compact models. I have big hands and the full-size are much more comfortable for me. Any of the hipster micro-keyboards are obviously right out as well, sadly. My main work keyboard is a black M13 with the TrackPoint II. The TrackPoint has a very slow cursor speed is not very useful on modern high-res screens. I'd much rather have the new type of TrackPoint that Unicomp offers. It's OK if you turn the pointer speed all the way up, but then you lose resolution and it's hard to use a mouse with that speed. So far I haven't found a working app that lets you use different pointer speeds for different mice. Some claim to do it but I couldn't make them work. I may bang something out at some point that latches into high-speed mode if you type and drops to low-speed mode after a few seconds without typing or moving the cursor. Or maybe I could do more fine-grained control on Linux. In general it's fantastic that the FAA is finally loosening up on drone regulation. Overall the technology has huge potential and is pretty safe to operate in most places if done responsibly. Class B airspace is not one of those places. FOD can very easily take down an aircraft. These guys are going to get the book thrown at them, and they deserve it. It's very much in our best interest as a tech community to weed out people who act with such disregard. If there's an appearance that we aren't responsible enough for this, there will be a backlash and we will have a much, much shorter leash. It's probably going to be a tension that we see repeated as we explore drone tech, since Class B airspace is often located near large cities that would be good target markets for drone-based businesses. Even if the FAA grants the low-altitude airspace to drone traffic there will still be problems. The larger, faster high-altitude drone corridors with the most dangerous traffic would be placed the closest to other air traffic. Having better guidance, transponders, and collision avoidance is a start, but nowhere near sufficient. They still won't be responding to ATC guidance and commands. I imagine we'll probably see a tiered exclusion zone around airports for this reason. I mean, this isn't even someone toying around with a quad and not realizing there was serious air traffic in the area. They repeatedly ignored the FAA telling them to knock it off with the drones around jumbo jets. What exactly did they think would happen? That's a complex and abstract question. Are we counting as going from Earth's surface or orbit, and if it's an orbit which one? Are we counting the cost of launch infrastructure in this? Does the object need to survive impact? Is there a time restriction on how long this can take? Overall it's a question of lifting mass. Rockets are reaction engines, you need to expel mass in order to move. However, you also have to lift that mass in the first place, which means you need more fuel to lift your extra fuel. It's a massive feedback loop and increasing the payload (or delta-v requirements) results in exponential growth of the total mission load (and thus cost). Staging is very important - if you drop the early heavy launch stages the later stages need to move a much smaller mass, hence the traditional distinction between rocket and spacecraft. Big rocket gets you near orbit, medium rocket kicks you into orbit, small rockets on the spacecraft kick you onto a translunar trajectory, into lunar orbit, then send you back. You can really divide the mission into two phases. The first phase is reaching orbit, and it's currently where the vast majority of the fuel is expended. Chemical rockets have a fairly low infrastructure cost, but as a result of the fuel equation they have absolutely insane operating cost. Spaceplanes can be more efficient over their entire lifespan because you're not throwing away the whole airframe with every launch, but they tend to have inefficient staging that becomes exponentially worse as you go farther out (you don't want to have to lift aircraft engines into space, or move your orbital injection airframe into lunar orbit, etc). Everyone likes the concept of Single Stage To Orbit but there's a reason the Shuttle drops its boosters and fuel tank. If you can find another way to get your craft to space you greatly reduce the overall cost of your mission. Space elevators are the fantasy but require exotic materials like carbon or diamond nanothread. The launch loop is an interesting design that can be attained with present-day materials. Another option would be to manufacture your craft in space. If you pull an asteroid into orbit you have an unfathomably abundant source of materials. An average asteroid has about 10x the quantity of precious metals ever mined in human history as well as craptops of iron, nickel, lead, etc. And it would all be in easy reach, outside the worst of Earth's gravity well. The husk can be used as an Aldrin cycler. These all have fairly large infrastructure costs, ranging from billions to trillions, but would offer very low-cost payloads once built out. For example a launch loop would cost about $30 billion and reduce launch costs to $3/kg. In comparison SpaceX spent about $400 million to develop the Falcon rocket and costs $1k/kg for payload, and this is a comparative bargain for chemical rockets. The first hamburger is very expensive with alternative launch methods, but in the long term the price is much more reasonable. The other half is the lunar phase of the mission. You need to get the object out of Earth's gravity and into the Moon's. In theory as long as you leave the Earth's sphere of influence and are inside the Moon's it will eventually be pulled in and impact the moon, but this could take a really long time and you are giving up a lot of control over how the payload arrives. If you want a delicate payload to arrive safely you need to allocate weight for motors, fuel, and a guidance platform. Take a look at the mission profiles considered for the Apollo missions - Lunar Orbit Rendezvous (you inject into lunar orbit, then later begin a descent) or Direct Lunar Ascent (you aim straight at the lunar surface and brake yourself in one go). Direct Ascent is faster but takes more fuel, so we went with the LOR profile. Other missions can have very different needs. For example, for long-term long-distance unmanned missions, electrical/ion rockets become very compelling. They have superior thrust-to-weight but very low thrust levels - so you can accelerate or decelerate a lot (delta-v) but only fairly slowly. For travelling interplanetary/interstellar distances at human-relevant timescales you need a stronger kick. The best design so far is nuclear pulse propulsion (see: "Project Orion"), which operates by chucking nukes out the back and riding the shockwave. It's a childish idea (I came up with it independently myself as a child) but it works - it gets you large payloads (it actually works better as it scales up) moving at significant fractions of the speed of light (0.10-0.33 c ). It's an environmental disaster, of course, you couldn't fire the engine anywhere near a planet. Intelligent use of orbital mechanics can further decrease your needs. For example you can "slingshot" through a gravity well, which lets you steal an infinitesimal amount of the planet's velocity. If you burn your engines as you descend, you keep your velocity but also don't have to lift the mass back up again. However, the planets rarely align that this is a useful maneuver. This is actually a general rule - getting there quickly takes a lot of fuel and if you are willing to wait for orbital mechanics to work in your favor you can greatly reduce fuel requirements (see: Hohmann Transfer). The extreme is the Aldrin Cycler - a spacecraft placed on a periodic orbit between Earth and Mars with a duration of several years. Once injected into its orbit would require no fuel except for small corrections. Specific response to your question - the cheapest one-off is a small, staged rocket that pushes itself just over the boundary into the Moon's sphere of influence and then gradually arrives however many years later. If you specify that it needs to be verifiable, you attach a proximity-fuzed grenade that scatters a cloud of retroreflective material onto the surface, which you can identify using a laser. That frees you from the need for guidance or deceleration to prevent a catastrophic impact. You do need to give it enough of a trajectory that assures it arrives on the light side of the moon, however. Time limits are handled by increasing fuel load. If you're looking for a guarantee - very few non-trivial programs are provably correct. Heck, most of the time what comes out of the compiler isn't even exactly what you put in - everyone knows -O3 can do some weird stuff, and that's A Bad Thing in certain kinds of software. We're only just starting to break that ground now with verifying compilers like CompCert (which can output a set of mathematical proofs that your program is correct for the given input). I'm not involved in it but I find that niche to be really interesting, along with reproducible builds. It's crazy that nobody bothered with simple stuff like "seeding the PRNG for stochastic optimizers". You'd have thought they'd just pick a reasonable default. So given that we live in a world of imperfect code, it's a question of what's least-bad. OpenSSL is known to be a horrific mess of crufty under-maintained code, which is a big part of why it keeps having major security breaches. Like this article points out - nobody has bothered to compile this option for more than a decade. Options lead to internal complexity which leads to crap code that nobody can/will maintain, which is the wrong path for security-critical software. If nobody uses it then get rid of it - if someone wants it they can dig it out of revision history. The OpenBSD folks are happy enough with LibreSSL that they released it with OpenBSD 5.6, which is good enough for me. I'm sure there's some esoteric vulnerabilities lurking and maybe the cleanup introduced a few new ones, that's just the nature of non-trivial software. But in the big picture I just can't see it as being any more vulnerable than OpenSSL, and that seems to have been borne out in their respective track records recently. One trick from ancient times is the Method of loci: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Method_of_loci (linked on HN yesterday) Not that it's not a cool project, but what possible reason is there to place the telescope on the surface of the moon as opposed to say, in geosynchronous lunar orbit? As the article notes, the environment is much more extreme and the imaging base much less stable, and I don't see any particular benefits. 1. This doesn't change versus a satellite in geosynchronous lunar orbit. 2. If you are on the dark side of the moon you can't transmit imaging back to earth for significant periods of time. Spacecraft computers need to be primitive as crap to deal with radiation and probably aren't packing gigabytes of storage outside the Van Allen belt. Also, I don't think stray light from Earth would conceivably be a problem except when the terminus is near the axis of the telescope. 3. Also true of satellites in geosynchronous lunar orbit. 4. I think this is more than outweighed by the environmental conditions. 5. Agreed. And on further consideration cost is probably a concern. eg China is sending a moon probe, would you rather have a telescope on the surface of the moon or none at all. A telescope in hand beats one two in the bush, and all. I agree with this (see: my post below). It's probably a case of "we're sending a probe, would you like to put a telescope on it or have nothing at all". I edited that I mean geosynchronous lunar orbit in particular. If the target is in the plane of the ecliptic then the period of observation is probably not a full 28 days - for roughly half of that period a target would be eclipsed by the moon, plus some change for the Earth. I have no idea the precise time this would be better or worse than the Earth given the Moon's lack of magnetosphere or atmosphere pushing the drag down and decreasing the orbital radius vs the smaller angular view of the moon and so on. It's still probably longer than the Earth's when comparing the radii equivalently, I'd think. It's 28x and change for sure, but with significant confounding factors. Counterpoint: the Moon has near-trivial gravity, so getting to lunar orbit isn't much of a problem. Assuming we had a moonbase, we could service lunar-orbital telescopes very easily. Remember, lunar orbit was attained by the Apollo LEM, compared to a S-V to get off the terrestrial surface. The rocket equation is a bitch, and strong gravity wells suck ass. It's actually not, the L4 Lagrange orbit is something totally different from a typical satellite geosynchronous orbit. Consider the following link. http://freemars.org/l5/aboutl5.html Just intuitively - think about the rockets you need to get a satellite level payload to geosynchronous orbit vs what it took to get space probes to lunar orbit (let alone exolunar or returning a craft to earth). Bear in mind that staging is an exponential problem, the more mass and the more total delta-V you need, the problem gets exponentially worse. Small satellites can be launched what amounts to a SRBM and a small kicker, to get even a small probe to lunar orbit you need an ICBM plus a pretty decent kicker to handle translunar injection and lunar orbiting. To get a spacecraft there you need, well, a Saturn-V plus a decent kicker plus a small rocket for everything else. Geosynchronous satellites started in 1963 (Syncom 1) but the Lunar Orbiter program didn't start until 1965. That doesn't make sense if geosynchronous orbit was beyond lunar orbit. And if geosynchronous orbit was an equal distance, it would be trivial to put satellites into trailing orbits and cover the lunar blind spot. Lagrange points are a different (but very useful) orbital equilibrium. Particularly the Sun-Earth LaGrange points - these are indeed very far from Earth and have a very useful vantage point for all sorts of things. So far it's mostly been used for things like solar observatories. I originally wrote this post as a response to Osmode, but it ended up swelling more than I'd intended. I fundamentally agree with his goals of supporting free discussion and suppressing self-censorship. However, I see several problems with this approach to achieving those goals. The core problem with social-capital type schemes like Reddit (or indeed HN) is that they're very susceptible to bandwagoning. On Reddit the groupthink varies by community, but there's some mixing bowls and as a result the community does have an overall balance, despite having some short-term bandwagons. HN has a really strong bent towards the opinions of 20-something Silicon Valley startup coders without much counterbalance, and I know that I've certainly self-censored on certain topics that go against the grain here. Yes, in the words of Drew Carry, "everything is made up and the points don't matter", but then why is there still a counter in the corner of my screen? Here, you're literally talking about putting a pricetag on dissenting opinions. If you go against the grain you're not just getting downvoted, each post actually costs you a certain amount of real money on servicing the blockchain. Conversely, circlejerking will get you a lot of kudos. That is - in and of itself - a strong social pressure that hampers the full spectrum of discourse. Much like the Bitcoin blockchain, it is fundamentally based on the assumption that no one group controls a non-trivial portion of the [social] network. The same mechanisms that work against reprisal or spam also work against opinions that dissent from the common wisdom. It's vitally important for a strong discourse that sometimes-unpopular opinions be heard. Otherwise it's far too easy for the majority to carry themselves along (the Iraq war immediately springs to mind). I don't know how you counterbalance that against suppressing actual spam - because botnets and such mean that those groups will also have a great deal of capital from blockchain/network operation. Some of the best communities on the web have actually been gated ones. Back in the day it cost $10 to activate an account on SomethingAwful. If you trolled, well, at least you're helping pay for the servers. If you leech on private trackers, you get banned and someone else takes a hit for inviting you. Gated NZB sites work in a similar way. I don't have a problem with such communities at all, but fundamentally they work on the basis of clearly defined social standards. On the flip side, Twitter and Tumblr have a very low level of discourse, because it's all about pithy soundbytes that get you retweeted. People leech from ThePirateBay all the time, because from their perspective, why not? I don't see how this is different from "twitter, but using bitcoin". Something like FreeNet seems to accomplish the above goals much more effectively - popular opinions result in distributed re-caching, unpopular ones still get served if they have sufficient traffic, and really unpopular ones can be broadcasted by vigorous network participation and re-seeding. The text of the article mentions cold-rooms but the picture shows freestanding refrigerators. For small-scale storage they should should be using front-opening/chest-style refrigerators instead of freestanding ones. Since cold air is denser than warm air, it falls. That means that every time someone opens a freestanding fridge a significant amount of your cold air falls right out. Top-opening fridges provide a well that retains the cold, significantly reducing energy usage especially on fridges that are frequently opened. You see it a lot on freezers because the air is much colder and the cold tends to fall out even faster as a result. I think it would produce improvements here as well, since the energy produced by a solar panel is rather limited. Assuming you could protect the cooling system and provide sufficient airflow - could you operate a fridge flipped on its back? Or does the compressor depend on proper orientation to have gravity return coolant and so on? One possibility I didn't see discussed - the NIST curves are indeed kleptographically backdoored, and someone has managed to steal the key. That's always worried me about backdoored crypto - as advantageous as such a key would be for the NSA, it would be absolutely catastrophic for an adversary to get it. And if you are using it, a possibility of it being stolen inherently exists. The problem with this theory is that in the event of compromise you'd expect the NSA to deprecate all of the curves, and not just P-256. It is also possible that this backdoor is not a magic bullet, and it merely makes an attack computationally feasible instead of decrypting it outright. It does smell a lot more like there's been an advance in analysis, whether classical or quantum. I read the Koblitz/Menenzes paper a second time, and again it doesn't really discuss the possibility of a kleptographic vulnerability. Yes, it discusses weak curves and the possibility of extant or (NSA-internal) speculation of a classical or quantum analysis technique at length - but those are fundamentally different from a security standpoint. A kleptographic vulnerability (one which cannot be exploited without breaking a cryptographically strong problem) is entirely different from the plain "ECC believed strong but actually weak" situation. Once the latter vulnerability is known anyone could break it, but the former vulnerability is strong even if the theoretical basis for the backdoor is discovered. It's the same fundamental difference between building a computational-theoretical hard algorithm and security-by-obscurity. The NSA is not dumb enough to bet on their trick remaining obscure - that stuff inevitably gets rediscovered, whether it's 5 years or 20 years. But it's easy to precompute E in the DUAL_EC_DRBN algorithm, while it's cryptographically strong to try and reverse it after the fact. Trapdoor functions work like one-way secure hashes (eg SHA) by design - easy in forwards, computationally infeasible (as a design goal) in reverse. The patent on the concept of using that as a backdoor (although not in that exact phrasing) was filed in Jan 2005 [1] (years before the selection of the NIST curves in FIPS 186-3) and it's reasonable to believe the NSA would know of the existence of the backdoor since the filing at a minimum - if not before. It was published for public comment in 2007 [1] but didn't gain much publicity until granted in 2013(!) [2] after Snowden had gotten the disclosure train rolling. If you have a specific page/paragraph reference you'd like to cite: please do, it's a topic I feel strongly about since the consequences of a compromised kleptographic backdoor could be rather extreme for anyone who uses those curves. [1] http://www.google.com/patents/US20070189527 [2] https://www.google.com/patents/US8396213 The problem is fundamentally that the most top-security ever possible is an offline piece of paper locked in a Mission Impossible-resistant bankvault that only the President has the capability to open. But then you can't actually use it to do anything and its existence is purely a downside. And you can't put it online - in any fashion - without exposing it to some possibility of compromise. Whether that's by one-or-more sysadmins who take a massive bribe (compromising two decades of SCI-level USG secrets => name a number and we'll pay in Billions), or users who can perform sidechannel attacks, and so on. Everyone knows what happens once you expose real systems to real users/admins (should be read as "attackers"). You cannot design a black box that miraculously requires no administration and is not vulnerable to any sidechannel attack when your threat category is state-level actors. I actually suspect the NSA does fall into the category of "altruistic actors" here. Their number-one concern is making sure that nobody can decrypt the things that nobody should be reading. I don't think they're above pulling a kleptographic backdoor if there's a computationally-strong guarantee that nobody else can break it (perhaps while learning a hard lesson about socially -strong security) but at the end of the day I do trust that they won't be broadcasting State Secrets in something that will be publically accessible within a decade. When dealing with a state actor like the NSA you need to reverse Hanlon's Razor - they may be malicious, but they're not stupid . They know when the jig is up and it's time to cut their losses. It would certainly help if you would cite a source - I'm only coming up with blogs for the terms "gatherer-hunters". Is there any evidence that this diet is nutritionally optimal? If we don't have any long-term-supported models of what nutrition was like during the bulk of our evolution, then there can be no proof that humans can optimally function on whatever diets historically existed. There's pretty solid evidence that nutritional deprivation stunts both physical and mental development. There's also an overall trend towards higher IQ which has likely coincided with caloric and micronutrient satiation. Don't make the mistake of assuming that "archaic" can be substituted by "better than". in the past, people spent an awful lot of their lives deprived of developmental needs, and humanity is clearly trending upwards as these needs (nutritional and otherwise) are addressed. Other factors include the elimination of contaminants like environmental lead. If you're the guy on the ground in cardiac arrest? Priceless. Just checked Amazon - you can buy an AED for $959 minus $100 coupon. The recommended lifespan of an AED is 5-8 years, so for a smalltime operator you're looking at an amortized cost of $107-175 per year. $10 per month is a rounding error in the operating budget of a public accomodation, and I don't see how you can possibly get upset about that. Let alone something like a ship that's multiple hours away from the closest possible medevac. A container ship likely burns more fuel than that in an hour of operation. Won't someone please think of poor Maersk's quarterly profits? Or even worse, my Amazon crap might cost another $0.01 per tonne... Even if you don't care that it's The Right Thing To Do, the cold truth is that if someone dies there's tons of expensive things that happen. If an employee dies there's insurance or comp to pay, there's the cost of hiring a replacement and so on, etc. And on a social level we lose their economic output and its effect on the aggregate economy. And the entropy of the password 0b0 is only a single bit - if the attacker knows you've used a single-bit password. Hashed into the SHA-256 space that's only a 1:2^256 chance of someone colliding with it. Still, is that a password you'd set? What does that have to do with the output of the password in terms of brute-force guessing? Aren't you kind of assuming that an opponent won't try a broad dictionary attack? Equal distribution of hash outputs fundamentally assumes equivalent distributions of hash inputs , and that's not true for the distributions of common passwords. Again - everyone knows the passphrase patterns everyone uses, everyone knows the password transformations everyone follows (eg l33t) and overall those patterns are significantly weak against attack because of this public knowledge. By those algorithm, with knowledge of salts/etc those passwords are very weak. Should you use a song, or a slight modification, or a l33t transformation? Certainly not - if the input space isn't uniformly distributed across the input space, the probability of hitting pay dirt definitely isn't uniformly distributed across the output space. Even the class of "valid transformations of sensical English sentences" is not an equal distribution because of the above. If you can compress a language you can attack it, because by the assumption of compression the data is not at its minimum entropy. Maybe not feasibly if you're lucky - but don't bet on it just because Webster's is big. General Power was well-known to be batshit fucking insane . Even General LeMay thought he was unstable and aggressive, and LeMay himself was the guy who oversaw the war against the Japanese Home Islands. When the guy who burned the best part of a million people alive with firebombings and then nuked the remains thinks you're a bit of a loose cannon, well... He is often viewed as the likely inspiration for Gen. Buck Turgidson in the film Dr. Strangelove. A quote from Power, when the RAND Corporation raised the proposal of a counterforce strike instead of striking at Soviet cities: "Restraint? Why are you so concerned with saving their lives? The whole idea is to kill the bastards. At the end of the war if there are two Americans and one Russian left alive, we win!" In the words of Gen. Horace Wade, a subordinate who served under Gen Powers: I used to worry about General Power. I used to worry that General Power was not stable. I used to worry about the fact that he had control over so many weapons and weapon systems and could, under certain conditions, launch the force. Back in the days before we had real positive control [i.e., PAL locks], SAC had the power to do a lot of things, and it was in his hands, and he knew it. SAC pushed back very strongly against this intrusion. The first Permissive Action Links were installed in 1959 and the bulk of them in 1962, but the 8-digit security codes were set to "0000 0000" until around 1977, because SAC was afraid that they would be unable to fire the weapons if needed. It's a goddamn miracle we didn't go over the edge, either accidentally or with those guys at the controls. In one case, a B-52 crashed in North Carolina in 1961. The bomb went through its full arming sequence, being stopped only by a single low-voltage switch. That switch later became known for being unreliable and failing to interrupt its signal properly. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1961_Goldsboro_B-52_crash The Russians had some close calls of their own, notably when the sun glinted off the clouds and tripped their launch warnings during ABLE ARCHER 83. You can think of them like Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde if you like. Both share an innate conviction that nuclear war can be successfully waged. Buck thinks that it'll only "muss our hair a little bit", and argues against calling the Premier because that will end their chances for a preemptive attack. Ripper said the same in his message to the War Room - that Communism can be wiped out with a pre-emptive strike and that we will prevail in our Purity of Essence. He tells Mandrake that he has faith that the generals will do the rational thing and launch. Both Buck and Ripper display paranoia of the "Rooskies". Buck opposes letting the Russian Ambassador into the War Room, continually agitates against any trust in the Russians, and goes so far as to plant a tiny camera on the Ambassador to try and get him ejected for "taking pictures of the big board!". Ripper, of course, has devolved into outright schizophrenia over the International Communist Conspiracy and the world at large. The Redcoats are coming, Mandrake! I realize those are very common themes that Cold War generals might exhibit. However, they are fundamentally very similar characters who really only differ in their motivations by degree and sanity. In a sense, Ripper asks us what would happen if Buck went off the deep end. At that time, a head of the SAC (like Power) very much had the power to start World War III before anyone could even stop him, just as Ripper did. Not that Zircalloy won't dissociate, but you're correct, don't discount the water either. At one point during the Windscale fire they tried to pump down liquid CO2, but the reactor face was so hot it was ripping the O2 off the molecule. They next tried to pump down water - there was a very real risk that it would rip the water apart as well, feeding the fire and potentially forming a hydrogen bubble and exploding. However they were able to deliver it in greater quantity than the CO2, and succeeded in cooling the fire. To my untrained eye, the Meissner effect appears to be the most obvious connection between the previous high-temperature superconductors and this finding. If intense pressure causes superconduction, then perhaps the Meissner effect is a manifestation of the same phenomenon. If the Meissner effect expels magnetic fields from the material, then perhaps this effect also causes the material itself to be compressed physically in response, or something like that. Disclaimer: I know nothing about superconducting physics, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night. IMO the most important characteristic that digital lacks is the "shoulder" of negative films. Once you exceed the target exposure of the film by several stops, it starts to take exponentially more light to further expose those areas. This translates into the ability to capture more detail in the highlights. It's not ideal - the tones of the film are certainly "blocked up", and color film may start to show color shifts (usually to yellow). It's better to hit the exposure properly. But with proper scanning or wet-printing technique (particularly split-filter printing) you can recover quite a lot of detail. On digital - when the pixel goes to 255 light intensity, it's just gone. There's no way to recover data that isn't there. The Magic Lantern firmware has the ability to scan out lines alternating between high and low ISOs to capture blown-out areas, but it's not perfect either. "Modern" films tend to be very well-behaved with regards to these kind of characteristics, actually. Acros 100 has virtually no reciprocity failure - for exposures between 2 minutes and 10 minutes you need to add 1/2 stop of light. I've recovered pictures off negatives with virtually no visible exposure. The tonality is great and the grain is virtually invisible even with Rodinal. The new Portra 400 is also extremely forgiving - you can get something workable up to about ISO 1600 or 3200 with standard processing, and if you push process (develop longer) it's even better. It's basically a stock Tegra X1 SoC built out into a single-board computer. so it's best to just look and see what has been previously written about the X1. As such, I don't understand the embargo on performance measurements - barring any major surprises, I think Tegra X1's performance is pretty much known at this point. The X1 has actually got 4xA53 and 4xA57 cores in a big.LITTLE style arrangement. I'm disappointed too - the Jetson TK1 was marketed at $192, so this is more than triple the price. Dev kit or no, their costs didn't increase that much. Unfortunately they're pretty much the only game in town for this kind of hardware. There's a few alternatives (Parallella, FPGAs, etc) but nothing with the kind of ecosystem that CUDA provides. Actually, leaving the rendezvous radar active was the checklisted procedure. Remember that in the event of an aborted landing they would be needing the rendezvous radar right away to try and find the CSM, so the idea was to have it powered up and locked on. The problem was that the computer that guided the radar antenna controlled the orientation by phase angle. Everything was running on 28V AC, but the computer and the radar mount were on separate AC feeds. The documentation specified that the supplies needed to be frequency-locked, but failed to specify the need for being phase -locked as well. So basically the two systems could be at any phase angle relative to each other. In this case, when they flipped the switch they were really out of phase and the computer was commanding traverses that were entirely out of range. The invalid angle caused the radar antenna to continuously issue interrupts. I'd imagine the system basically works like an open-loop system. That would mask the fault, since usually the radar would just lose some of its field-of-view around the edges but work fine in the center. Or that usually it would just cause the antenna to slew a bit off-target at first before the control loop guided it back, but this time it was so far out of range the antenna wouldn't even accept it. It's probably a good thing they didn't need to abort, because with such a fault I doubt the rendezvous radar would have functioned properly. Even if they knew about the design problem (I don't think they did?) they probably would have a hard time power-cycling it. There is no "off" setting for that switch, only SLEW (on) and AUTO (computer controlled). During an abort I would imagine that AUTO would have the computer keep the radar online, so they would have had to use the DSKY to have the computer turn it off and back on. Who knows what effect that might have on an active abort program. Source (good read): http://arstechnica.com/science/2015/07/no-a-checklist-error-... Yes, the executive was a great piece of engineering and definitely saved the mission. Margaret Hamilton was a great systems engineer, and NASA as a whole has a track record of rigorous software engineering practices. As a result, in the last 11 versions of the Shuttle's 420k-line software package they have had a total of 17 bugs. Another good read, "They Write The Right Stuff": http://www.fastcompany.com/28121/they-write-right-stuff You mainly use cache for two reasons: speed and latency. Here, they eliminated the cache and used the die space for a really fast and wide bus to memory instead. So speed (total throughput) is covered. And from the article, it shows that the latency is actually better except within a narrow range of fetch sizes (~3000 to 8000 KiB). I suspect the better latency at the high end is because you no longer have to work through the caching logic (which does little in such large transfers anyway). And I guess their bet is that you're not going to make many transfers that happen to fall into that window. That seems like a good bet, my intuition is that there's a "bathtub" style distribution here where accesses are either reasonably random (and thus don't involve transferring more than ~3 MiB at a time) or they're straight-through and involve very large sequential transfers (greater than 7 MiB). Like the article notes, it seems to be an interesting decision. They speculate that the L3 cache on the A9 was actually a decision made for reasons of power efficiency (it takes less power to hit cache than to hit memory) and that wasn't a concern here, whereas they would have needed even more cache for the extra GPU cores, and die size was getting to be a concern. But they also note that the L3 cache didn't consume much space anyway, which is the weird thing to me. High-profile projects actually can't stop. If you attempt to stop using Sourceforge, they will consider your account "abandoned" and continue mirroring the new site and serving downloads with their malware dropper included. So if you want to keep the malware out of your releases, you need to maintain control of your project by keeping SourceForge up to date. The GIMP project learned this the hard way: http://www.gimp.org/news/2015/05/27/gimp-projects-official-s... Since they used to be the official source, their repository tend to have very high PageRank and they're essentially cashing in on it. Since the content they host is open-source, this is technically legal, but it's scummy as all hell. Typically what you see are "amplification attacks". That's where Alice wants to DOS Bob, so she spoofs a request to Charlie that appears to come from Bob. This results in a message from Charlie to Bob. The message from A->C is crafted such that it results in a much larger return message from C->B (hence "amplification"). That lets you create an attack that produces a multiple of the bandwidth that you actually control. Then you have a bunch of machine spam the message. In that case, you see many messages from the same source address (meaning the target under attack, i.e. Bob), but the data requested may vary. In this case, the source addresses were uncorrelated, but they all wanted the exact same address, so basically the opposite. I can't say that I know what it is, but when you see massive spikes like that it's usually a botnet of some kind (whether it's infected machines, injected connections, or whatever method). Perhaps a bunch of bots resolving their next C&C master? Most, but not all, DNS root name server letters received this query load. Why would you want to take down every DNS server though? That's not a very effective tactic due to caching, and what's the motive? You're looking for "bup". It's basically a special flavor of git that works at the block level rather than the file level, so incremental revisions only need to store the blocks that changed. It also has a bunch of other optimizations for storing a large number of potentially large files. https://github.com/bup/bup More (potentially stale) info here: https://lwn.net/Articles/380983/ Curtas are great, I ran across them a few years ago and I've wanted one ever since. I'm a huge fan of flight computers too - they're basically a circular slide rule with common units marked. A lot of people don't use them regularly now that we have electronic calculators, but an E6B never runs out of batteries in midair. They're very easy for quick conversions once you get the hang of it. ASA makes a nice one in aluminum that I really like: http://www.amazon.com/ASA-E6B-Metal-Flight-Computer/dp/B003Z... Models (non-FPV) are typically flown until they deplete their power supply, which happens rapidly. For small electric models this is usually 6-8 minutes. Larger electric models and gas (usually nitromethane) models can sometimes stay up for 15 minutes or more, depending on how hard you're hitting the power. Gas models use a separate battery pack for running the receiver and servos. Electric models usually use the same pack (via "battery eliminator circuit"), but there's a low-voltage cutoff that cuts the motor power off while there's still enough power to run the electronics. There's typically a "soft-cutoff" feature that allows you to restart the motors if you need power to land - you get maybe a 10 second burst of low power or 5 seconds at medium power before the cutoff trips again. It can help to stretch out an approach if you're downwind and not going to make the field. Either way there is no technical problem with making a power-off landing. Such "deadstick" landings are very standard in the RC world, and most fields will want to see trainee pilots make several of them on a "buddy box" system under the control of an instructor before they will approve you to fly alone. They're no big deal as long as you're being responsible with where you're flying. Radio range is essentially "as far as you have a line-of-sight". Typical radios will have a range of 1.5-3 miles but you'll lose visual on the aircraft at a fraction of that distance. Some micro-sized parkflyer aircraft have less sensitive receivers, but since they're smaller you'll lose visual at shorter ranges too. Some radios have longer range, particularly amateur radio operators who can operate with greater transmitter power. These are popular with the FPV crowd, but to operate on these bands you must have your callsign and address on the plane. The long range can actually be a bit of a problem because the signals really will go quite far, and can result in intermittent loss of control if someone else is operating on that frequency. AMA-licensed fields have a pinboard (if you don't have the clothespin with your frequency on it, you can't turn your radio on), and the fields are spaced out far enough to avoid this (typically a minimum of 5 miles). You're supposed to check before you just go fly somewhere, but some people don't. 2.4 GHz spread-spectrum radios are getting very popular nowadays because they're largely immune to these radio hits. Control surfaces don't lose power just because you don't have enough power left to drive the main motor. Also, non-toy class helicopter models can control rotor pitch, so they can autorotate if they lose power just like the real deal. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_eliminator_circuit#Rad... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autorotation#Descent_and_landi... Quadrocopters are, of course, another story. No control surfaces means you're coming down hard. It's more that Flint is an industrial town and Dow has been polluting the river for 120 years. It's also not direct pollution per se, it's that the river is so polluted that it's crazy acidic and it's corroding lead out of the pipes. A compounding factor is that it's got all kinds of funky bacteria stuff going on, which can also accelerate the corrosion process. The funny thing is that because the Flint River water is so acidic, it's corroding the hell out of the water pipes (which is where the lead is coming from). They have done 11.5 years worth of damage in 16 months. Assuming the article's figures of a 50 year lifespan and $1.5 billion replacement cost [1], that works out to an additional $306 million of damage from this whole fiasco. The whole "emergency manager" thing is ridiculous and this only underscores the problem. It's absurd from both a health and a financial standpoint. http://flintwaterstudy.org/2015/09/research-update-corrosivi... Flint's basically bankrupt and the state wants to delay the inevitable, so they installed an "emergency manager" with all the powers of mayor+city council (but accountable only to the governor). The emergency manager wanted to save money by using a local source of water instead of paying Detroit for water. The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality basically knew that the water was so acidic that it would eat through the biofilm on the pipes and start leeching lead (and discussed as much in emails), and gave incorrect advice on measurements to the city to try and hide the problem. http://www.eclectablog.com/2015/10/interview-flint-mayor-day... http://michiganradio.org/post/whos-blame-flints-water-crisis... http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2015/10/emails_sho... Tech is somewhat harder to automate than manufacturing, at least. Silicon Valley also has a bunch of top-shelf universities nearby, which are a massive boost to local economies. The University of Michigan similarly boosts Ann Arbor's economy. Another side note is that he was also impeding the FDA approval process. In order to get your generic approved you have to prove that it's biologically equivalent to what's on the market. Shkreli's distributor would only sell directly to end-users and would refuse to sell it to anyone doing equivalence studies on it. Thus it was effectively impossible for anyone else to prove bioequivalence and bring a competing product to market. >hyperbolic orbicurve >global realified Frobenioid picture You just made that up. --Maths Professors The null hypothesis (no warming) would posit independent events with equal probability (the chance of an above-average and below-average year are equivalent). So in that case you're basically asking the question "given that I've flipped a fair coin and gotten heads 9 times in a row, what is the probability of heads on the 10th flip?" It's deceptive because you want to say 0.5^10, but the answer is actually 50% (because it's one throw of a fair coin). The 0.5^10 is the chance of 10 heads in a row occurring, but you can't disregard the prior (you have already thrown 9 heads). Reversion to the mean is a trend , it says nothing about any individual event in a series. In the event that it's not warming, the chance of a warm year is just as likely as a cool year. Now, as a trend , the evidence is highly suggestive of global warming being the case. When you have a sufficient sample of throws with a huge number of heads, the chance of the coin being biased* increases. * Note: you cannot actually bias a flipped coin. But you can bias a die, or a spun coin: https://www.stat.berkeley.edu/~nolan/Papers/dice.pdf Yes, looking at the sample minimum/maximum does change the probabilities. You're looking for Extreme Value Theory. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extreme_value_theory I kept it simple (above or below average should be equal probability if your average is really average) to try and avoid that. I have no idea what kind of distributions weather follows, and as the other guy noted weather is not fully independent either. But it works for a simple explanation. :) It's been a long time since my stat courses and I don't remember this stuff all that well. Maybe there is something that expresses it better. Either way the fact that we're suddenly having a big run of Nth Warmest Year events is pretty suggestive that something is going on. But you do have to look at it as a trend, particular years aren't all that meaningful. Check out Random123, an implementation of counter-based random number generators. It won best-of-conference at the ACM Supercomputing '11 conference. Basically the idea is that you have a seed which is used as an encryption key, and then you encrypt a counter value to produce an output. Using the next counter value represents the second output from the generator, and so forth. Different seeds produce different output sequences. If you accept that the encryption algorithm works properly, then the output is uncorrelated for a given counter sequence or seed sequence (although seed sequences are slightly less random than counter sequences). You don't need to store state, and you can seek to an arbitrary position in the PRNG stream in O(1) time simply by recomputing the output for the desired counter value. For non-cryptographic applications, you can derive the seed value from some unique property of your dataset (eg id number of an item being operated upon) and then you don't even need to explicitly store the key value. On AES-NI compatible hardware the cryptographically strong varients outperform even crushable PRNGs like Mersenne Twister. These are a fantastic choice where you have that acceleration. Your computer is built to do it really fast, and this lets you utilize that. They also offer non-cryptographic but crush-resistant variants that roughly double that performance. These algorithms parallelize really well and those advantages are even more significant on GPUs, where memory is at a premium and cryptographic acceleration is usually not available. http://www.thesalmons.org/john/random123/papers/random123sc1... http://www.thesalmons.org/john/random123/releases/1.06/docs/ They're all kind of the same idea. As you note, each has some magic mixing function to get some output that's (hopefully) entirely uncorrelated to your input, but the specifics are a bit different. When you encrypt something, the output is the same size as the input. The key is not mutated. You have to be able to go the other way if you know the key (for symmetric encryption). When you hash something, the input is variable but the output length is fixed. Typically this is one-way - you should not be able to reconstruct the input for a given output. When you have a stateful PRNG you get a fixed-length output but you have some internal state that gets changed with every call. So its inputs are generate(state) and you yield output and newstate. Going the other way is possible in theory but not typical. The state for PRNGs is usually larger than the amount of output yielded, sometimes by quite a lot. E.g. Mersenne Twister has about 2.5 KB of state but yields only 32 bits of output per iteration. You generally want to store newstate every time, because setting them up is often expensive (MT takes a lot of calls before it's fully initialized and providing good randomness) and iterating through N-1 steps every time can take a very long time in a long-running program. Usually you want PRNGs to be fast (but strongly random), but encryption and hashing should sometimes be slow (eg to protect passwords in a DB, or as a proof-of-work as in Bitcoin/Hashcash). It all depends on what role you're using them in. You can sorta compose them into each other - like you can make a stateful PRNG by doing a hash on some internal state and then mixing some of it back into the state (eg like RDRAND). Or by encrypting a counter with a seed to make a PRNG (like Random123). Here be dragons, though - there's nothing guaranteeing your hand-rolled encryption algorithm will actually resist an attack, or whatever. So stay with a known, tested implementation. This also varies by the target audience. Stuff that is released via publically-tracked torrent (i.e. for mass-market audiences) often targets around 1.5-2 GB for a feature-length movie in 1080p. In contrast, releases aimed at Usenet (the technical crowd) are often 6-7 GB and sometimes as large as 11-13 GB for the same movie. On the other hand the situation is much more equitable for audio. Lossless audio torrents are pretty common even in the torrent world, and due to the typically greater number of torrents available the overall selection of lossless files is probably at least as large as on Usenet. I would assume that private trackers tend towards higher-quality releases. Oh, gee, the cops will surely avoid shooting you if it ~ damages their rating ~. Why has nobody thought of that before? The implication here is that cops would care what you think of them. They don't now, and they won't in the future either. The Chicago PD don't run that torture warehouse for the Yelp ratings, yo. This will be further enhanced by the fact that nobody likes being arrested/jailed and thus the ratings will be pretty much 100% negative. Why would a cop care about how much the perp is complaining, or a meaningless aggregation thereof? On an individual basis (and ignoring the systemic problems), being tough-skinned is basically a requirement for everyone in the justice system. Periscope is a good app that will help. This is dumb cargo-cult behavior that does nothing. This app doesn't address the problem seriously and will be forgotten in two weeks' time. Yes, they're kids and it's nice that they're coding, but don't give a bad idea a handie just for the heck of it. Tying recordings to specific officers to compile a history of bad behavior would actually be fantastic. But the Yelp aspect of it doesn't accomplish anything. Sure. Typically they are specialized in a single type of content. For example, JSTOR is a self-described "digital library" which provides journal access. Your local movie rental store (or its competitor Netflix) provide entertainment or educational content (movies and shows). Of course they can be regulated just like any business or service. So could this service, in fact. Forcing net neutrality for all service providers would cut out a lot of crap and I'm convinced it's a long-term boon. Well, the $599 price is close to double their "ballpark price" of $350. It also comes just days after they announced they're giving away ~7,000 free Rift units as a special thank-you to those who Kickstarted the devkits. Right now they have a serious expectation management problem with their price - they're turning off customers because they nearly doubled their asking price overnight. Those free units would translate into a sizeable discount for their paying retail customers, so I argue that the problem here is both real and self-inflicted. There's a world of difference between a general-purpose computer and a specialized device like the Rift. The computer has its own independent utility and stands on its own merit, the Rift is an entirely optional upgrade that nobody has to purchase. To make a car analogy, most people are going to buy a car to get to work. But you should still evaluate all the optional extras on their own merits, unless you're just too rich to care. The proper way to evaluate a lift kit is not "well it's twice what it was advertised as, but that's still only 25% over the base cost of the vehicle". Regarding the other things - the fact that nice components exist is entirely irrelevant to the failures of expectation management here. If NVIDIA spent 2 years marketing the Titan X as the best GPU to have at the $1k price point, and then on launch day it's suddenly $2k - their customers would very justifiably be pissed and it would certainly affect sales. It's neither here nor there, but you can also cut build costs quite a bit further than they did in that article. You can bring it down to about $800 for the same set of core components. Buy the CPU at MicroCenter, use the stock CPU fan instead of a cooler, buy a refurb 970 from EVGA, look for a 750W Gold PSU around the $50 mark, buy a cheaper mobo, buy cheaper memory. You can even go cheaper if you make some minor compromises - use a 2500k and overclock, get a refurb 780 Ti from EVGA B-stock (same performance as a 970), and you can also drop the HDD until you really need more space. That lets you squeeze at least another $200 out of it pretty easily without affecting performance, which would get you down to around $600. Actually, piping data between standard Unix tools can be extremely efficient. This example is working on gigabytes rather than terabytes of data, but memory utilization is basically limited to just buffers, so you could definitely scale that to terabytes without a problem. http://aadrake.com/command-line-tools-can-be-235x-faster-tha... I'll go beyond "dense, propellant pure" rockets - the whole concept of single-stage vehicles is a pipe dream. Staging is immensely important because it lowers the "order complexity" of carrying additional payload. In order to add payload you need to add fuel, and then you need to add more fuel to carry that fuel, and so on. This is immensely easier if you don't need to drag the dead weight of your initial stages along with you. Single-stage is barely even feasible to orbit. Anything past that is just flatly science-fiction. All Maxwell cards, actually. GM107, GM204, and GM200 all use a combination of a GPU shader kernel with some CPU assistance. GM206 (in the GTX 960 and 950) implements a newer revision of the PureVideo decoder that allows H265 to be decoded directly on the video engine. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nvidia_PureVideo How is your product different from etckeeper + flyway + source control? That article smells fishy as hell. And if Alzheimer's were treatable, today, it would be a huge huge deal, not something being peddled around as a miracle cure on the basis of a 10-person "study". They're making progress though. They've found at least one candidate drug that appears to clear up the Amyloid-beta plaques in mice. http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2015/151208/ncomms9997/full/nco... If you inject amyloid-beta peptide extract from an AD-infected mouse into the brain of another, it then starts growing the usual plaques[1]. And A-beta plaque deposits are basically the distinguishing characteristic of Alzheimer's. So in my book that's very strong experimental evidence that A-beta is the causal mechanism of Alzheimer's and not merely a side effect. It seems to be basically a misfolded protein, like CJD or mad-cow. Usual caveats - nothing in science is ever proven to 100% certainty. Remove seal before use. Ask your doctor if Alzheimer's is right for you. [1] http://www.jneurosci.org/content/20/10/3606.full That's not a half-bad idea, you could do that relatively easily with current-gen tech by building a powerline-ethernet adapter into the charger brick. You might need to use a "dock" connector that has pins broken out for the ethernet. Powerline Ethernet has some issues, its bandwidth is limited and it can be susceptible to interference. But when you can't run a real ethernet cable, it's a very solid option. In particular it's much lower latency than wifi. Again, powerline ethernet isn't ideal. It's two selling points are (1) not having to run a new cable, and (2) significantly improved latency and packet loss compared to wifi while maintaining reasonable bandwidth. I normally get about 70-80 mbps across my PLE adapters. It is susceptible to picking up some interference at times, which cuts performance in half, but during those times the wifi is unusable for any sort of realtime/latency-sensitive applications. I have local GigE segments in my living room and computer room, but I would need to run a drop to connect them and I rent. USB-C and Thunderbolt are point-to-point bus connectors, they're not designed to have multiple clients on a network. Even if you designed a switch that could use ethernet-over-Type-C as a physical layer, the maximum length for an active cable is only 50 feet for USB 3.0 speeds and 82 feet for 2.0 speeds. Passive cables are 15ft. That's not really enough for long runs inside a wall, so we're back to asking the question: OK, I plugged my USB Type-C into the wall. Now what? If you're going to actually run a new cable to your outlets, running Type-C seems like a poor choice. You could stick a Type C ethernet adapter in a wall-socket formfactor, run CAT-6 in the walls, and call it a day. That gets you runs of up to 330ft for GigE. But if your vision is "plug into the wall and instantly get on my network, without pulling ethernet to every outlet" then you need something that runs over a power-line, because that's the only wire that's guaranteed to be run to a power outlet. OK, so if I have this straight: * USB Type-C is the physical connector, and in practice usually implies USB 3.1 gen-2 support * USB 3.1 gen-2 is a signalling specification which depending on the device will support some combination of USB 3.0 data transfer, advanced power/charging capability, video signals, and PCIe lanes * USB 3.1 gen 1 is just USB 3.0 * However, Type-C devices can fall back to USB 2.0/1.1 speeds if they don't support super-/hi-speed transfer, or if the cable is not wired with the extra pins for 3.0. Allowing Type-C cables to be sold with only the 6 wires for 2.0 instead of the 17 wires for 3.1, in particular, is a real head-scratcher. Also, renaming 3.0 to 3.1 Gen 1 is a bonehead move since they're totally different. One is a data transfer standard while the other is a Thunderbolt-style multi-stream connector. In practice that makes the "USB 3.1" designation entirely meaningless. Among other things, this specifies dropping of packets with the "evil bit" set. It sounds like this is not the only use that the reserved fields have been applied to. Zeroing a field is certainly not ideal for the liberal acceptance proscribed by Postel's law. I read an interesting piece that argues that the confusing interface is actually a feature. Can't find it at the moment, but it went something like: Snapchat's confusing interface complements the way their users interact. Users tend to learn about features from social interactions with their friends (face to face, or digital), which builds a sense of ingroup. Additionally, the confusing interface tends to filter out older users, who lack the social guidance of the younger users. This keeps the userbase heavily skewed young, which further reinforces its branding as a fun app for the cool kids. After all, nothing is less cool than your mom doing the things you like. I'm not sure that this is what the company wants (they've had screenshots of a redesigned UI leak this week), but it makes logical sense to me. A naval yard is not paying small-lot retail prices for their materials. Making a sub bigger increases drag, particularly if you are making the frontal profile bigger. Vietnam was a proxy war and neither the US or Russia wanted it to escalate into World War III. US policy was to stringently avoid anything that might lead to escalation. Nobody ever got fired for buying Microsoft Office. I honestly think that's as far as it goes for most people. I've felt the exact same pain as you - having the non-technical people work in Excel and moving it back and forth to a database is a nightmare. I've started creating Flyway migrations for each import/export sequence just so we can keep track of what's live in our DB. If you were working in CSV you could even script an import as part of a build process or something. In some cases better products even exist. For example LaTeX is a fantastic tool - you can create complex layouts (not just for documents, but also Illustrator-type tasks), automagically manage cross-document references/citations and generate tables-of-content and bibliographies, lay out images and tables and formulas, modularize documents (eg by chapter) and best of all the documents are a plain-text "source" that you can easily check into revision control or merge between multiple simultaneous users. Zero adoption outside the academic world and certain publishing niches (eg math textbooks). Side note: one unfilled niche I've noticed is that there isn't a good word- or character-level diff tool that's appropriate for LaTeX. Ideally you would want to be able to type natural paragraphs and have the diff pick out changes by word instead of line (but preferably also identify command tokens more greedily up to a line). You can break a paragraph across several lines, but if you're making heavy revisions it just ends up being a solid block of line changes. One more question: is there a "worksheet" or "notebook" concept in something like Mathematica that might be a better model for the type of work you're considering? I know Mathematica has a pretty complete feature set, it very well might have database hookups and an appropriate workflow for that type of thing. The Israelis used a commercially-available encryption scheme, VideoCrypt, which was brute-forced (albeit slowly) as early as 1994. Then it's just a matter of intercepting the satellite signal from somewhere within its downlink footprint. The article dates to 2010 and it sounded like the Israelis were switching to a better encryption scheme even back then, so I'd expect this information is strategically useless now. VideoCrypt was probably more of a "fences make good neighbors" thing to keep Hezbollah from seeing their drone feeds quite so easily. Also on the "dates to 2010" thing, this is probably something that could be GPU-accelerated nowadays. Because it's available off the shelf, is compatible with your gear, and raises the bar past "schmuck with C-band satellite dish". In the article they mention that the AntiSky decoder is included in the reference documents describing the decryption procedures. https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/2699846-Anarchist-Tr... Basically they grab a frame from the video, then run it through AntiSky, no intermediate steps. AntiSky works against the VideoCrypt scheme, ergo that must be what they're using (or something so similar as to make no difference). The other post discusses why they would use such a dated analogue system. I also think that off-the-shelf systems would have been pretty attractive as an interim fix. Most stronger encryption is going to need to go over a digital link with error correction, which is not something that's trivial to retrofit. As for the "most sophisticated arms company" thing - do bear in mind that about half of the US's predator drones were still broadcasting unencrypted video feeds in 2012, despite the fact that we knew insurgents had been tapping into them for years. Israel is more responsive than most militaries, but it still does take time for equipment to go from lab to mass field utilization. Those timeframes are typically measured on the order of decade(s) especially if you're talking about deploying additional satcom capability or something like that. And during that timeframe they were actively switching to something else. http://www.wired.com/2012/10/hack-proof-drone/ Electrical faults are just a fact of life. Wires fray, cables get tugged, or are miswired from the factory. And you just know that sooner or later some genius is gonna jam a butter knife in there for the hell of it. The basic USB spec requires that all ports be protected with a small self-resetting polyfuse for exactly this reason. I don't know if the Type-C or USB 3.1 specs includes something similar - I would assume so but perhaps the additional current capabilities made that infeasible. http://elinux.org/Polyfuses_explained A standard USB polyfuse usually resets pretty fast (as soon as it cools down) but they could take up to a few days. It's also possible the manufacturer cheaped out and didn't include a polyfuse, of course. There's a whole lotta CMS, Wiki, and storefront systems out there. And many of the big names there - WordPress, Drupal, MediaWiki, etc - all run on PHP. We tend to live in a world of custom-coded dynamic websites, while many needs can be filled adequately by a static page or off-the-shelf package like the above. They're not sexy, but they work. OEMs figured out that they could build a custom recovery image with the bloatware included (including on Windows 8). Windows 10 supposedly lets you delete the package that includes the bloatware, but I haven't tried it. http://www.howtogeek.com/174587/refreshing-your-pc-wont-help... http://www.howtogeek.com/216751/bloatware-banished-windows-1... Windows 8 and 10 also have a lovely feature called the Windows Platform Binary Table. This allows OEMs to write an application into the UEFI, and Windows will automatically deploy to memory and run it with admin privileges each time it boots. The intended use was for installing drivers and anti-theft agents, but of course it was immediately used to drop bloatware/malware. This vector works even on entirely fresh installs, and there is no mitigation except obtaining a clean, signed UEFI image. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20150812/11395231925/lenov... http://www.howtogeek.com/226308/the-windows-platform-binary-... It's already advantageous to structure your earnings in this way, so most high earners are already doing this as much as is possible. I'm not a physicist - but it sounds like this material has the properties of not only a high-temperature superconductor, but also of a semiconductor. I would think that such a material would be extraordinarily useful. Yep, most of the small piston-engine aircraft are designed to run on 100-octane fuel. The only practical way to get the octane that high is leaded gasoline. However, the lead levels are lower than they used to be (avgas is typically 100LL for "low-lead"). Also, general aviation only consumes about 0.1% of the transportation fuel supply, so we're talking about a minuscule fraction of the fuel consumed. More modern aircraft can often get by with 94-octane premium unleaded. However, they cannot tolerate ethanol in their fuel, and due to congressional mandates for ethanol blends it's become increasingly difficult and expensive to source ethanol-free premium gasoline. Paradoxically, this pushes general aviation back to 100LL, which can easily be sourced without ethanol. Modern aircraft also have a trend towards diesel engines (often adapted from automotive diesels) that can be run on Jet A-1 fuel. These are actually very promising because they have good performance-to-fuel economy. See the Diamond DA62 for an example. http://www.gami.com/g100ul/avgas0211.pdf http://www.aci-na.org/static/entransit/smallairports2011conf... The root problem is that the general aviation fleet turns over incredibly slowly due to intensive maintenance requirements imposed by the FAA (eg annual total overhauls). It's pretty normal for your average single-engine aircraft to reach a lifespan of 40-50 years, and there's still plenty of aircraft that are pushing 70 or 80 years old. As such it's very difficult to achieve a phase-out of a fuel type within timeframes that people consider reasonable. Like I said, the shift towards 94-octane premium unleaded and diesels is already happening, but it will probably take another 20-30 years for the fleet to naturally rotate to engines that support alternative fuels. FAA oversight requirements (parts sourcing and mechanic labor) make everything airplane-related insanely expensive. You could mandate engine replacements, but this would be so expensive it would basically total 50% of the general-aviation fleet in an instant. At the end of the day we're talking about Most of the fleet (~70%) would be OK switching to 94-octane unleaded. The biggest problem is that Congress/states have made it extremely difficult to source this type of fuel, because the overwhelming majority of fuel is produced for automotive usage. Ethanol and other mandated additive blends are unacceptable for aviation usage, and we're talking about 0.1% of the fuel market. Congress/states have put up barriers that impede a shift and they need to do something to help that overcome those barriers, not just ban 100LL. Also, due to the nature of general aviation this is a very distributed problem. Most general aviation occurs at relatively small airfields/airstrips and there's many factors that make it difficult for GA pilots to use large airports (limited access to those airspace types, high traffic levels from commercial aviation, high ramp/fuel fees designed to discourage refueling, etc). So you've got to get 92UL available at a large number of small sites. Most small airports will carry at most two types of fuel, 100LL and Jet A1, and many will only carry 100LL. Most airports are running on super thin margins and adding 92UL would mean not carrying 100LL. That leaves the 30% of aircraft that can't use 92UL pretty high-and-dry. Some can be modified, some will need engine replacements, a lot will be out of luck. Unfortunately they are likely concentrated at the affordable end of the fleet, and that translates into more cost increases in a sector that's already dying due to a cost spiral. General aviation is a feeder for commercial aviation, and that's going to become an even tougher and more expensive path to follow. Going commercial requires a large number of flight hours which are typically accrued by getting an instructor license and training casual pilots - so cost increases that reduce casual pilot time percolate very directly into a reduced supply of commercial-eligible pilots. The only other route is ex-military pilots, or paying >$100k through a university (which is not commercially viable due to the ~$20k average salary of an entry-level regional pilot). General aviation is also a neat cultural touchstone that I am sad to see shrivelling into nothing :( Feale air-traffic controllers have a thing for female announcers. Guess they're into sexy voices. The problem is that survival and prestige in the academic community is directly related to publications. Also, journals don't accept non-novel research. So helping someone scoop your current or future research directly hurts you. Obviously that's not a good thing, but it's a pretty straightforward response to the circumstances of academic papers. It has all kinds of other side-effects too: salami slicing, non-reproducible results, publication bias, etc. If you have a license, you should know why not - there's just not enough bandwidth for that to be a widespread practice. There's a reason cell companies are paying big bucks for spectrum. 802.11b has a bandwidth of 22 MHz. The entire 2m VHF allocation for amateur radio is 4 MHz. The entire 70cm UHF allocation is 30 MHz, and there's another 26 MHz at 33cm. Now, with a license you can use much higher output power (up to 1.5 KW depending on the band), including on 2.4 GHz. A high-gain antenna and some power can go quite far. And there's also fast-scan Amateur Television (ATV) and slow-scan television modes that can be used as well. But if you're using it to watch YouTube you're kind of missing the point of amateur radio - it's about communication, not watching Youtube videos. Things like embedded meshes and other experimental work are fine, but YouTube is really more of a cellphone thing. It probably depends on what you mean by "animation". One of the very first animations was a hula girl programmed on the AN/FSQ-7 console (part of the SAGE interception system). It was also interactive. She would dance to music played through the console's buzzer when you used the switches. If you used the light gun on her navel, her skirt would fall off. Operators report seeing it in use around 1960. No pictures are known to exist,but I would guess that it switches between a couple fixed poses rather than being a full animation. Bit of risque fun for the all-male crews of the time, but it also served as a diagnostic program. Similarly (but much later) SpaceWars would be used as a diagnostic program by DEC technicians. Those type of simple games exercise a variety of subsystems pretty well. http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2013/01/the-ne... Apparently William Fetter was working on wireframe graphics in 1960. It seems that by 1968 they had moved on to art too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phVN_HS5Fy8 And damage their branding? Nah, they'll do motion capture and render their mascots doing it. Picture Ruby giving AMD's presser. Being right up front: this article smells like an advertising piece. But, taken at face value this desktop environment sounds like a good match because it's both user-friendly and easy for their IT staff to manage, which is not a trivial thing for Linux. I've had good luck with lightweight Linux DEs too. I have a crappy Compaq CQ56-115DX that I got from the NVIDIA chip settlement a couple years ago. It's got 2GB of RAM and what amounts to a single-core Athlon 64 3200+. Win7 obviously ran like garbage, but a SSD and Lubuntu made it very usable for basic productivity stuff. It was never fast, but it went from painful to usable. The problem is that Ye Olde Linux Desktop isn't something you could hand to a random student and have them manage by themselves. Having a centralized management system is a very relevant feature there. He was actually picking up and dropping off fares in between his shootings. http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/multiple-people-killed-in... Modern supercomputers essentially are large commodity clusters. Nobody builds a single fast machine ala Cray-1 anymore. It's just not scaleable past a certain point and we're long since past that. However, they still like to give them fancy names as marketing, because they cost tens of millions of dollars. The main differentiation vs a standard datacenter is low-latency high-throughput interconnects, often with a specific or reconfigurable topology. Something like InfiniBand, where you can ensure very consistent, very favorable bounds on your latency and throughput. So think of it as being a "custom installation" or "custom cluster" instead. Nowadays there really are only a few real choices left in high-performance computing hardware: CPU vs GPU, processor architecture (eg POWER vs x86), and interconnection. Everything else is more or less irrelevant. I have to admit though, I've always wanted to see what you'd get if you built a Cray-2 with GPU chips (eg Pascal) or Xeon Phi as processing modules. The sheer density of chips Cray managed to cram in that case is impressive. The really interesting thing will be room-scale. Oculus Rift is inherently designed for a sit-down experience with optional controllers, Vive allows room-scale experiences with controllers included. That's a pretty fundamental difference in the way your users will experience your media. Also, room-scale will essentially require a dedicated VR room free of obstacles. As such I'm guessing many Vive users will be having a sit-down experience too. I expect that a lot of the first-gen stuff will be cockpit simulators like EVE: Valkyrie, because it's the lowest common denominator. It's in HTC's best interest to push room-scale content because that is an effective lock-in for them at this point, but that means targeting a small minority of VR users, and I think that's going to be a difficult experience to adapt for the majority userbase of sit-down users. I have the same problem. Curl is "unix-y" in the sense that the default options are optimized for a shell script and make no sense for interactive usage. bropages is where it's at for that kind of stuff. curl is actually their usage example :) http://bropages.org/ I've used IntelliJ, ReSharper, and RubyMine, and all have been best-in-class products. The only thing I can complain about is that IntelliJ's Maven support is atrocious. Maybe I'm missing something but I've played around quite a bit and I just can't make it search Maven Central's catalog properly. I literally have to drop back into Eclipse to add dependencies. It's OK given that you usually set up your dependencies once and are OK for a while, but it's definitely out of step with how perfect everything else is. I've done that - it still doesn't display properly. Like I said, I've played around a bit with it in Netbeans and Eclipse and I'm familiar with the idea of downloading the index before I can search. I can't make it work properly in IntelliJ. Is there a Youtube video of an install->index->download workflow somewhere? I think so too, but if even providing a script is too far then just provide an easy mechanism to preload kernel modules before the installer runs. It seems like literally something as simple as defining an extra directory on the installation medium for which all files will be loaded into the kernel at startup. Or allowing the installer to be started from a live environment, so you could download/build sources and load the module and then start installation. Perhaps it can't be Canonical who actually writes and maintains the script, but it seems like a problem you could hack around fairly easily while maintaining plausible deniability. Building/fire codes are a big factor. When you have enclosed spaces with doors that shut tightly then a variety of regulations come into play, whereas with a loosely-fitting partition with a gap underneath they do not. If push came to shove you could kick most partitions and they would have enough flex to pop the door open, or you could crawl out on the floor. Apart from that - the ability to see if the stall is occupied without tugging on the door and perhaps causing an awkward encounter, making it more difficult to smoke or shoot up stealthily, and just simple cost/ease of installation. Please also note that AMD's Vulkan beta driver is not packaged with DirectX, so you should give it a pass unless you are a dev or you have a game that supports it. IBM is fairly active in the hardware space - Blue Gene supercomputers and POWER processors have a pretty solid presence in the HPC space. To produce those products they do quite a lot of basic science in semiconductor and nanotech research. I agree with you in general though - IBM is all about the lock-in. zSystem, for example, is basically a product for mainframe users (i.e. banks) who are petrified of updating their software and will pay whatever it takes to get an incrementally faster replacement. It literally lets you run your System/360 programs that you wrote 50 years ago, and System/360 was designed to directly replace physical tabulator machines. So your program logic may be the best part of a century old. It's basically the IBM-est product. Think of this as being just another modem connection, just the carrier is audible instead of electrical. Compression is going to mess with the signal somewhat , and encoded data is not particularly alike to the human speech that most psychoacoustic models are aiming for. But you can get modems to work across some quite poor connections if you keep the bitrate low. If you don't need to send a bit-accurate binary blob across the network then it's much faster to use such analog modes and accept some corruption. If you wanted to send a picture across a noisy radio network (as emergency-service operation tends to be) I would actually suggest sending a radiofax or a slow-scan TV signal. Lossy compression would distort the picture but the human brain is quite good at dealing with this kind of distortion. This is particularly true of faces - the brain is wired to match faces quickly, which is how we get pareidolia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow-scan_television https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiofax During WWII the Germans actually used a mode called Hellschreiber that basically sent text as a B+W fax picture, with each line sent twice for resilience. It's not the fastest but it was quite resistant to interference. It's interesting to think of modern improvements we could make nowadays. http://www.eham.net/articles/11472 2: Valuable personal property. I have a bunch of camera gear I used to insure though a USAA VPP policy. It was stupid cheap, like $30 or $50 per year for $1500 of coverage and if it ever gets stolen on vacation or I drop it and break it or whatever then the bank pays. Could see it being useful for laptops/portable electronics, musical instruments, etc. Checkout-lane insurance policies are a scam but I think there would be a market for legit coverage. The US doesn't have chip-and-pin, we have "chip-and-sign", plus the older magstripe system (and the CC number is still necessary for online purchases). As of this spring update I'd estimate vendor uptake is about 30-50%. So half the time you either swipe and wait 2 seconds for it to beep that you need to insert, or you insert and wait a couple seconds for nothing to happen and be told to swipe. The chip mode is poorly integrated into many POS systems - at most local groceries even if you tap "card" and insert the card it will make you go back to the screen and push "card" again, or take several seconds before it accepts it. Then it processes for ~5 seconds, then you need to sign. Some of this is teething issues with rollout and POS integration, but the signature is unfortunately not going away. Animal taxonomy is actually much weirder than you would think at first glance. The classic definition of species is the group of organisms which are capable of producing fertile offspring. However, there are also ring species , where you have populations A,B,C where B can interbreed with either A or C, but A cannot interbreed with C. Or in an alternate phrasing, members of B are members of both species A and species C. This obviously becomes intractable beyond a very few interbreeding populations. So really, even nature favors composition over inheritance. Seriously. People here are way underestimating the costs to develop and certify a major commercial airframe, especially across the multiple regulatory regimes inherent to international flight. You're probably talking about on the order of a billion dollars even if you're playing it cheap. If you want to start re-engineering components instead of buying off the shelf, that number will go uphill rapidly. This is not a field that's amenable to "disruption". Cutting corners means that dozens of people plummet to their deaths, not to mention the abrupt end of your airline as their families sue you into oblivion. If you try to play this like Uber and flout the regulations, the FAA and EAA will ground and impound your gear so fast your head will spin, and rightly so. Even a test aircraft is a gigantic tank full of explosive fuel hurtling through the air on a couple flimsy wings. When things go wrong people die, and the FAA does not play games. Airlines are an incredibly low-margin business in the best case, and supersonic airliners in particular are a very niche market and have immense operating expenses (to purchase and maintain the airplane and to slake its immense thirst for fuel). The Concorde's operators could never make it profitable. Never say never, but this just seems like fantasy. Supersonic airliners are a problem domain that has been pored over by engineers for decades, six engineers are not going to pull a rabbit out of a hat and solve all the technical problems, then get it certified, then start an airline. Each of those is a problem that requires a national-scale corporation to handle. Most importantly, the Falcon-9 is not a human-rated system, or at least not yet. And everyone acknowledges there's risks to spaceflight - even a "human-rated" system is expected to fail about 1-in-270 missions (launch or re-entry). That's not acceptable for commercial aviation - your time between catastrophic failures should be measured in years or decades. It also probably helps significantly that they could fly unmanned missions right away to make money while working out the bugs. You can't fly an uncertified aircraft for commercial purposes. That's also the figure for just the Falcon-9 rocket. The Dragon cost another $800M. The engines were also developed in-house and may not be factored into that cost either (can't tell). So the total system is costing north of $1.1B. The Boom model looks to be about the same size as a regional airliner, or a small narrowbody. For some recent points of comparison: the Bombardier CRJ1000 (developed 2007-2012) has a flyaway cost of $46M [1] and an estimated development cost of $300M [1]. A small narrowbody like the Bombardier Cseries costs $72-82M each and cost $5.4B to develop [3]. The Embraer E-jet E2 series (a second iteration on the E-jet airframe) is estimated to cost $1.7B [4]. It's much easier to develop iterations on a single airframe than to certify a new airframe from scratch. And those are all conventional construction, no carbon fiber or anything like that. And while you can develop components in-house - those need to be certified too. So much like any Not-Invented-Here syndrome - you really need to ask the question of whether you want to be a company who makes airplanes, or a company who makes airplane parts. You can certainly do it some cheaper, but probably not a factor of 10. Overall I think Embraer tends to be one of the more budget-minded manufacturers. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombardier_CRJ700_series [2] https://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/crj1000-takes-on-... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombardier_CSeries [4] http://www.aerospace-technology.com/projects/embraer-e-jet-e... Your brother's plane is likely an ultralight or light-sport category, and regardless as a kit-built is nowhere near the certification required for commercial operation. A key requirement of kit-built or experimental aircraft is that you can't ask money to fly passengers on them. He's not even allowed to ask for gas money if you take a trip together. Commercial requirements literally start at "one aircraft that gets the wings overstressed (if not actually snapped off) during destructive testing" and the requirements continue steeply onwards from there. You can figure on having it built by FAA-certified mechanics as well. The FAA likes having a paper trail if the wings fall off (an extremely common problem with ultralight/sport aircraft built by non-certified personnel). Not OK when you're carrying passengers for hire. I think they mean "mobile carriers and retailers" there. I.e. they're getting it from AT&T, or a Sprint Store (or the appropriate Israeli equivalents), not from Apple. I would speculate that the relationship is either commercial in nature, or that it also serves as a pentest to prevent things like unlocking/jailbreaking contract phones. Quasi-related: I've always wanted an ultra-low-power dumb terminal using eInk paper displays - something you could hit days of runtime with using a small battery pack. eInk uses no power when they're not updating - so idling or long-running operations would hardly use any power. So far the easiest approach I've found is using a hacked Kindle with an attached keyboard. You can run a terminal client on it and ssh into another system, which I think is a sensible access mode. Ideally, something like the AVR PicoPower microcontrollers would be fantastic - they run on ultra-low-voltage, eat 1 mA/MIPS, and idle down to basically nothing ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymei7UwBgX4 Looks like it's running a pretend-terminal website which probably explains the latency (the Kindle does not have a fast processor). Way on the other end - here's a Dasung 13.3" eInk monitor (i.e. you feed it DVI and it handles all the display driving for you). It can be yours for a cool $1000. I'll pass, but it's looking pretty good even for GUI usage. Probably uses more power than a purely embedded solution could, though. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vny-JTpt-aU This reminds me of Terry Davis' TempleOS, which features an ubiquitous hyperdocument system. http://www.codersnotes.com/notes/a-constructive-look-at-temp... Terry himself is schizophrenic but it's a fascinating piece of outsider art in many respects. He's even posted on HN under several accounts, but he's aggressive and disruptive and inevitably ends up banned. I'd forgotten all about the ESP8266 but this project is about 95% of what I'm aiming for. The rest should be relatively trivial programming work, so thanks! Can't speak for the other guy (who wants a portable monitor+keyboard system), but what I'm mostly looking for is a terminal that I could carry around/outside the house (i.e. potentially high-glare conditions) and program while connected to wifi, while not recharging for as long as possible, so this is perfect. Maybe I can embed some stuff like vim or emacs on the device itself to help reduce utilization of the wifi. Is there any sort of "smart" protocol that could handle buffering files while editing on a remote host? I can probably do it, but I'd rather not reinvent the wheel, caching can be non-trivial. Secondary use-case: RTTY or PSK31 or other amateur-radio textmode terminal, that could idle for as long as possible on a portable (QRP) battery pack. When you're schlepping the gear around, every ounce counts. Something that can talk serial is probably good enough, wifi is redundant there. I edited my use-case after he replied - I think he would be A-OK with something that could be reliably powered from a USB port. I don't speak for him, but I think we've chatted on this topic before. Hi Terry! Sorry, didn't know you had a new account. I read some of your post history - can you explain how what you were doing with Ticketmaster was systems programming? It sounds like what would now be considered application programming, but I have no idea how intensive your work was at the time. High-performance code can often cross the line. TempleOS is simply fascinating. I'm sure you know that I can't agree on the 'divine' part but it's certainly a fascinating OS. Writing an OS is a tough task by any means, let alone a reasonably fast one with a novel presentation. That's a lot of work, even for a productive OS programmer. Have you taken a look at MenuetOS, Plan9, Oberon, or other non-traditional OSs? I'm curious what you have to think of their own unique features. I applaud your goal of taking it back to basics. I think you're largely right about the number of abstractions between you and the hardware. Really really fast code needs to be written close to the metal. Thing is, OS bloat has finally ground to a halt. Win8.1 wasn't really any slower than 7, and Win10 is actually faster in my experience. So really, you don't need a stronger machine today than you did five years ago. Any perceived slowdown is just the result of malware, fragmentation, and DLL buildup - refresh the OS and maybe install an SSD and they're fine. I'm using a laptop from 2010 with an i7-720QM and an SSD, and it's perfectly snappy. I frequently let it do light encoding tasks while I'm using my desktop. Yup. Clock-for-clock, Skylake is about 10-20% faster than Sandy Bridge, IPC improvements have been 4 GHz, which is extremely reasonable, then it keeps up just fine with a Skylake in most tasks. CPU performance is largely "good enough" for most users. OS bloat has finally stopped: Win8.1 is just as fast as Win7 (and is more stable) and Win10 is faster and skinnier. Most users don't do anything intensive and probably wouldn't even notice if you substituted in a low-end processor. For those that do have big needs, GPU offloading has taken off in a big way. This is kind of unfortunate in other respects. CPU performance (especially single-threaded) is extremely important for high refresh rates. At 144hz there's no margin for any weak link in the system. But I recognize that I'm kind of a niche user in that regard. 4K monitors are a little marginal. 27" is really too small, most people need some DPI enlargement to feel comfortable. The bigger panels increase significantly in price, but I think 32-36" would probably be about right in terms of ppi. 27" 1440P monitors are fantastic though, they strike the perfect balance between resolution, size, and price. If you're used to 22-24" monitors I really encourage you to give it a try, it's very nice for productivity. You can get a cheap Korean VA/IPS monitor for $200 on eBay or a very nice one for $300 or so (the nicer ones have DC backlights which help prevent eyestrain from PWM flickering). Definitely worth it. Sometimes - there's multiple types of execution units in a CPU core (even multiples of the same type), and a thread can dispatch to multiple units at once (superscalar execution). It can also reorder the instruction stream to keep all the units occupied (out-of-order execution), preemptively execute along the most likely direction a branch will take (speculative execution), etc. Basically, it's all a massive game to keep all the units of a core busy to execute the desired instruction stream as fast as possible. Over time, successive CPU architectures have gotten better at playing the game: better occupancy, more execution units, and more powerful units (SSE, AVX, etc), which translates into a greater number of instructions executed per clock cycle (IPC). That's why a Skylake is much faster than a Pentium 4, even though the P4 might run at a higher clockrate. The Skylake has better IPC. And as a side note: what Hyperthreading does is duplicate the part of the core that manages registers and instruction dispatch for a thread. So you have a second thread that can utilize any execution units that the first thread left unoccupied. Bulldozer works somewhat similarly: two threads share a single core, and each core has a pair of integer execution units but they share a floating-point unit. So kinda like a Super-Hyperthreading, where they include a duplicate of (what they hope is) the most needed execution unit. Doesn't always work out in reality though. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instructions_per_cycle https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superscalar_processor https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Out-of-order_execution https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speculative_execution https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyper-threading https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulldozer_(microarchitecture) I tried a 28" (TN) 4K, an Acer B286HK. Horrible ghosting and capacitor whine - if I had Wikipedia open you could hear the capacitors scream from across the room, and lines would blur into each other while scrolling. I eventually replaced it with a Dell P2715Q (IPS) too, and that's a really great monitor. All in all though I would have been better off going 1440p at 27". I need some DPI scaling that probably gets me back to 1440p anyway, and it would be easier to drive in video games. So that's what I recommend now based on personal experience. YMMV, but the Crossover 2795QHD seems ideal for productivity work. The Acer XB270HU or XF270HU are ideal for gaming, but adaptive sync is unnecessary for productivity so you might as well get a Crossover instead. This is entirely a semantic argument, but if you have proof of something then there is no need for belief to enter into anything. For example, the fact that the Earth is warming is a matter of fact, it's measurable that year on year the planet's temperature has increased. I don't need to believe it, it's observable. But the conjecture that it will continue warming is a belief - perhaps the models are entirely wrong and next year we will enter into a new ice age. You can't prove something will happen until it happens - maybe tomorrow Russell's Teapot will magically appear on the other side of the Sun, it's not a falsifiable claim. I would say that a belief is a stronger conviction than a suspicion, but I don't think it necessarily implies ironclad proof. Given a past record of bad behavior, I'm more than willing to believe in present abuses of state secret privileges. It's been rotten since it was created (US V Reynolds) and at this point the null hypothesis is that nothing has changed. I've never read this before, but I'm mid-20s and I'm pretty sure I'm on that schedule. In my grad-student years I noted the same tendency - my schedule would "roll backwards" a couple of hours each day. For what it's worth I'm under the impression that this is a well-known phenomenon with hackers. The Jargon File includes this reference: http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/P/phase.html My employer expects me to work a roughly normal 9-5. The best compromise I seem to have worked out is that I take Wednesday morning off and I work a little longer on the other 4 days to make up for it. This gives me the ability to rotate my sleep schedule on a semi-weekly basis. Wednesday morning I can sleep in and "reset". Tuesday and Friday aren't the most productive days because my internal clock is the most detached from my working hours, but around noon my grogginess will clear up and I'm on track, so it's workable. Absolutely false, interest payments make up only 6% of Federal spending. https://www.nationalpriorities.org/budget-basics/federal-bud... On the flip side, you've got the EVE Online model. Expansions are released every 6-8 months as "super-patches". Like every MMO it's mandatory to be playing on the latest version, but everyone gets it for "free". It's pretty simple to avoid the problem of having players scattered across multiple content sets and levelcaps: stop bleeding your players dry. What are subscription fees paying for if not ongoing development of additional content? IMO you should either charge for expansions or charge subscription fees - but not both. There have been at least two game-changers since then. The first is high-ISO: my Canon 40D can take a good picture at ISO 800, but my Sony NEX-5N can take a good picture at ISO 12,800, which is basically pitch black - think dark room by the light of a television. You can shoot available-light pretty much anywhere, particularly in combination with the image-stabilization tech and superfast lenses that are now available. Some of the newer sensors will get a good image up to 102,400 and can capture up to 409,600, which is just nuts. That's "dim moonlight" territory, basically night vision. http://www.sonyalpharumors.com/amazing-sony-a7s-low-light-te... The other is phase-detect pixels on the sensors. Previously many cameras had to use contrast-detect autodetect, where the camera racks the lens and samples the image for peak contrast on the target. Only SLRs had phase-detect autofocus, which was much faster and more accurate but required a separate set of sensors. But now they put phase-detect pixels right on the sensor, so you can get small cameras with fast/accurate focus. Not the camera itself, but lenses have also come a long way in the last 10 years. Superfast f/1.4 primes and f/1.8 to f/2.8 zooms are now faster, sharper, and cheaper (and the idea of a f/1.8 zoom was unthinkable 5 years ago). On the high end Sigma's Art series are simply fantastic, and Samyang is raising the bar on low-end lenses too. The low-end camera market has always been dominated by "good enough" right from the beginning. Things like box cameras have always been enormously popular, see: the Kodak Brownie line. Disposable cameras were another "good enough" product, and actually remain extremely popular in less affluent parts of the world to this day. And the thing to remember here is that the smartphone is displacing another "good-enough" product, the digital point-and-shoot, not high-end DSLRs. It's just a matter of convenience to have it in your smartphone instead of two separate devices. Smartphones do not replace a high-end camera system - but those were never something that everyone owned/carried in the first place. The vast majority of cameras out there have always been the cheap variety that mom uses to snap pictures of her kids. There are benchmarks on page 7. To summarize, it's slower than a 4690K in all cases, and running it in 2-CPU mode is slower than 1-CPU mode in all cases. Still beats AMD's high-end FX-8350 processor in all cases, amusingly enough. That's pretty much what you'd expect. Gaming performance is strongly correlated with single-threaded performance. Many games are essentially single-threaded and even when they're multi-threaded they are still subject to Amdahl's Law. Certain parts of games cannot be multithreaded (eg all draw-calls must be made from a single thread in all APIs prior to DX12 and Vulkan) and they tend to limit overall performance. So with narrow exceptions, single-thread performance is king. The best example of this is the G3258 - it's not really that powerful a processor, but it can be overclocked to really extreme levels and keep up in many games just through sheer single-threaded performance. Going across multiple processors is also particularly brutal because of greatly increased thread and cache synchronization costs. So again, not really a surprise that it's actually slower. If you need more than a 4790K or 6700K can deliver, your next stop is the 5820K or other -E series processors. But not many games really need or can make good advantage of more than 4 threads, and even fewer need more than 8. Yes, while workstation chips are insanely expensive (from a consumer perspective) they do often underperform enthusiast chips like the Core i5 series. The point here is that the FX-8350 does not . An older workstation-class chip outperforms it pretty handily. And once we move into consumer-class chips, its Ivy Bridge class equivalents totally outclass it, as do even its Sandy Bridge class predecessors. The Bulldozer architecture is absurdly bad for gaming usage, and should never be recommended, full stop. Single-threaded performance pushes frames, not multi-core performance. The AMD equivalent is likely several times as much as the FX processor as well. Not quite as much as the Intel, certainly, but not $160. As a recruiter you are inherently in competition with everyone else. Interviewing implies no specific commitment to the candidate, and conversely no specific commitment to the employer. That's how the game works. Offers are inherently temporal as well as financial - too late or too low are equally bad. Exploding offers are often BS all around, but candidates are inherently exploding due to the nature of the job market. You can't sit around unemployed waiting for an offer. And many startups can't sit around waiting for candidates to shop around either. I live in Michigan, and it's amazing how much people complain when day care (I mean school) is closed for a snow day. God forbid a two-day snowstorm. Why not coal miners? I mean, children are just training on what could hopefully be a life-long profession. /s No, the job market doesn't need more low-skilled workers who can be paid sub-minimum-wage (as such workers historically have been and inevitably will be afforded by the people who make such suggestions). Prison labor, mentally ill people, and teenage schoolkids are already used to undercut adult labor in such roles. Children are inherently low-skilled laborers, lacking even a minimal high-school education. And many high-school educations are minimal indeed, in the South or the Midwest. They are low-skilled laborers by any definition you choose. Someone who is learning to weld at age 14 will usually not accrue even a secondary education let alone college. Sorry, just a fact of how "alternate education" programs turn out in real life. Having been to a top high school, everyone I know who went through those programs is now working at a gas station. If you think it will be different this time, please explain how. Families should not be forced to rely on child labor as income, full stop. We tried that and it had a whole raft of negative consequences, as do the minor initiatives we've made into labor of various classes of teenage-youth-labor/mentally-disabled labor/prison labor. They are always used to undercut wages of normal-skill labor - we've tried it in the past, we're trying it in the present, and pretty soon instead of the 2-income family you are talking about the 6-income family - particularly now that labor utilization is on a permanent downward trend because of automation. The work that is available for such people tends to be of the $1/hr kind. I mean, I totally approve of the concept of vocational training. The thing is that like most internships it undercuts actual workers in practice. It's not just the intern getting coffee while observing work as intended, it's actual business work that displaces an apprentice or secretary (illegally, but never enforced). If you mandated and enforced that such workers must be paid the full wages of their trained counterparts (or close) then I'd be highly in favor of it. But that's not the motivation of the people who make such proposals - they're looking to undercut trained workers without any sort of mitigation for the damage to wages. The NLRB has been forced into a deadlock for more than a decade against just such a possibility. This SCOTUS nomination lockout is nothing new. On the large scale you get our current education system, where people take out big loans to get trained as a teacher and then usually burn out in 3-5 years and take a job at Starbucks. And you especially get mentally ill people who work a register for $2 an hour and displace an able worker who needs to feed their family. There's no excuse for that, we are a modern society and we can take care of our disadvantaged as well as paying a living wage. People should not be forced to rely on the mentally ill or child laborers to make ends meet, that's simply unacceptable in modern society. We honestly don't even need every abled worker anymore, let alone the mentally disabled. Who am I to tell anyone that they are worse than useless? I never said anyone was worthless - that's your Protestant work ethic talking. The reality is that in the near future we will no longer need everyone in the population to do assembly-line work. It's time to explore self-actualization - the softer arts, enterpreneurship, etc... We are all going to have to get used to the idea that someone who isn't in the workforce isn't "worse than useless", as you put it. When you put it in so many words, that's really a hideously offensive concept. Sometimes people drop out of college and start the next Apple or Microsoft or become the next Andy Warhol. The rates of enterpreneurship in Scandinavia are nearly an order of magnitude higher than the US. Believe it or not people actually don't want to sit idle and will start working on that one crazy idea if you let them. We can certainly find something for disabled people to do regardless of whether it's paid. In no way should we prevent people from joining in society - but society is so much more than a paycheck. There are so many things to do in society that help our fellow citizens but don't necessarily pay a check every two weeks. But until we get something like a basic income going, we also must ensure that things like mentally-disabled and prison labor don't the labor market that's actually feeding families. It's meaningless to directly compare software engineer salaries with the rest of the general population because our work is a 'force multiplier'. A single software engineer can displace the labor of 10 staff - often permanently. While we're compensated more highly than 1 lower-skilled staff member it's still actually not commensurate with the amount of value we actually deliver. My (unscientific) belief is that we actually capture less of the value we generate than most other staff, out of the sense of "fairness" espoused in this article. This applies at all levels of the spectrum, from a junior developer working at a contracting firm to high-end staff working for Google or whatnot. We wouldn't be paid those salaries if we didn't bring in 5x more than our pay. Apart from that, supply and demand/etc also apply. We're highly-trained staff who often deal with mathematics that the general population can't or won't deal with. If a combine harvester allows a farmer to feed as many people as 100 farmers working by hand then they have a force multiplier of 100x. If you can train one nurse to deliver as many babies as 10 normal nurses then they have a force-multiplier of 10x. This doesn't necessarily translate into 10x or 100x the salary - farming is still an extremely capital-intensive business, probably moreso than it was pre-Green Revolution. Tractors and fuel and fertilizer don't buy themselves. There really hasn't been a single improvement that produced a 10x improvement in the number of babies a nurse can deliver. Maybe if someone goes out and invents the robo-midwife, but I can't see that being real popular... The other way you can go is a qualitative improvement, which is where the child mortality example comes in. If one engineer can remove 75% of the fuck-ups caused by manually performing a task, then that is also worth money, but it's not valued in quite the same way. You'd value lower child-mortality in person-years of economic output (accrued to society), quality-adjusted-life-years (accrued to the individual) and diminished malpractice suits/insurance (accrued to the hospital or the insurance company). Perhaps a better term would be "productivity multiplier". Productivity is a pretty standard economic measure (average economic output per individual), and engineers both have much higher economic output per individual, and can greatly increase that output for other individuals as well (often with a one-time investment). \ sigh\ Trust me, you do not want your camera to be cheap. Well-engineered cameras are like putting an IBM Model M keyboard versus a Dell dome-switch keyboard. Not only will the better keyboard last forever, but it'll be vastly more effective during its entire lifespan. You do not want your tools to be cheap, folks. Another problem to consider is that the interstellar medium is noisier and interferes with the signal to a greater extent. Voyager is only just reaching that region, but this signal would have to travel through that for several lightyears. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstellar_medium#Radiowave_... Not to mention there is also additional cosmic radiation outside the heliosphere. Something the size of a chip is going to be extremely vulnerable. Slower rad-hard electronics are going to be the order of the day, but even with thousands of these things, it's going to take a toll. Planar directional antennas have been done before, in EHF-type frequencies (most research has focused on 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz for obvious reasons). Lower-frequency signals would probably be harder. No idea what a nice clear frequency might be though, particularly out in the interstellar medium. Depending on what maneuvering profile these things will have, it might be desirable to have a "semi-phased" design that can be steered to a limited degree without physically moving the spacecraft. And, it also goes without saying that this antenna probably needs to be flexible or at least articulated in order to deploy. NASA has previously done some really interesting antenna designs with genetic algorithms. You just need to figure out what the goodness function here should be. https://ti.arc.nasa.gov/m/pub-archive/1244h/1244%20(Hornby).... It would be impossible/unlikely to correct any course deviations anyway. First off, even if the beam is collimated to within a degree or something, a degree at even a million miles is a pretty big spot, and you'd probably not be able to hit any specific unit. Even if you collimated it more finely - good luck hitting the target. The other problem is that the beam would ideally go straight between earth and Alpha Centauri, and the sail just rides the beam. The Earth does rotate around the sun but the parallax this provides (over 3-6 months) is pretty low relative to the distance travelled by the probes over that time. If you try to do selective course corrections (i.e. bump one side harder than the other) then you're going to need a super fine beam that is going to miss frequently and probably hit the target when you hit. This is pretty much inherently a shotgun approach. You don't get a mid-course correction on the birdshot that misses its target. Or rather, it's like putting out balloons into the wind and letting them drift. Yeah, I'm another big vote for Mr Number. For some reason I would get multiple calls a week (sometimes multiple per day) from "Walgreens" telling me my prescription is ready - not sure if it's a scam for personal/medical/insurance info or if someone somewhere mistakenly entered my number. Leaning towards scam - called Walgreens and asked they delist me, they said they didn't know anything about it. And at first it was a listed number, then after I blocked that it started being unlisted, then I finally just blocked all unlisted callers. It only started after I opened a Bank of America card, and they're rather notorious for selling their customer info, so I have my suspicions there. For some reason Android 4.4 doesn't have the capability to block unlisted numbers, so Mr Number is fantastic for adding this back in. On the flip side, you're not any safer putting drones up against jamming technology, like GPS jammers and so on. China proved that tech when they put one of our stealth drones down in Iranian territory. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran%E2%80%93U.S._RQ-170_incid... There's certainly a middle ground between blowing up dudes with rusty AKs and fighting high-level proxy wars but honestly that barrier is paper-thin, nations like Russia and China will always be escalating that. It's always an arms race. Drones can react faster (for now) but humans can react appropriately . The USAF does not fly the AC208 or the Super Tucano in combat. There is no prize for hypothetical savings. I would love to see such airframes flown, they would be much more effective in many roles than "super-airframes" like the F-35. But that's not the US military philosophy. We fly the best and most expensive, even if it's 10x as expensive as an airframe that's 75% as effective. It's a calculation that government debt is cheaper than having to face the public over killed and captured soldiers. The way ILS is set up, all the delicate stuff is on the ground. Imagine two long, thin lobes of radio coverage (like two imaginary cigars) that overlap slightly in the middle. If you can pick them both up you are on the glide slope. If you can only pick up the top lobe you are too high, and if you can only pick up the bottom lobe you are too low. This means the equipment on the plane is very simple (fits into a single-engine aircraft) - if you can pick up the signal at all then you are good to go. In theory you could even use an omnidirectional receiver, although I would guess that they are somewhat directional just to enhance rejection of spurious signals. But yeah, landing in a hailstorm with very little visibility is never real fun, but it's what instrument-flight ratings are there for. "Return-to-home" functionality is quite common. The GPS knows where it took off, and where it is now, and in the event that it loses the control signal it'll (try to) navigate back home. Having a drone under control is almost always preferable to having a drone out of control, particularly in the pattern of a major airport. If you're going to take it down, it needs to happen in a way that gives you control of the drone, not just messes up their control. Just take the bike out of the race entirely. Declare a year in advance that the bike will be XYZ model Q so people can train on them, and the race maintains custody of all race bikes, spares, etc. It's already a money-competition to see who can buy the best super-bike. Yes, you have to have a minimum weight, but that just means that you can take a superbike and spend the extra weight applying aerodynamic fairings whereas someone else has to spend that weight on their frame or whatever. Just take the bike out of the picture entirely. You ride this bike . Or one of these three models. Or whatever. Frame size is actually quite important for fitting a bike to a person. However, it's certainly something that could be varied within a model, just like a shoe has different sizes, or whatever. Multiple frame sizes are available on everything but the cheapest bikes - I had a choice of frame sizes on a standard Schwinn aluminum-framed bike 15 years ago. Given the choice of 5 high-end bikes and the ability to select a proper size I don't really see a problem. The same question applies to all of those. If we allow technological enhancements, why is one enhancement too far? You couldn't run the course as fast as you can cycle it, after all. The same argument applies to all those other things - if we allow them then the playing field needs to stay absolutely level otherwise the person who can afford the strongest drugs, the newest gene-splicing, and the most efficient exoskeleton wins. It's either about the athletic competition or it's not. If it's about the athletic condition, then the impact of technological factors should be minimized. A clutched flywheel would probably be an advantage in many kinds of terrain. Imagine being able to spin up the flywheel from pedalling or gravity (geared) while going downhill, and then when you hit an uphill section you kick in the gear and pedal easy. It would essentially turn most tracks into "flat" tracks. 2002 was a black swan event (because of 9/11); 2009 not so much, many institutions had been calling the housing bubble since 2004 and even Greenspan acknowledged it in 2007. A bubble that is acknowledged as such 2 years in advance by the central bank is not a black-swan event (defined as a surprise event that is impossible to predict). The 2008 bubble was eminently predictable . The problem was that no one knew the exact trigger, and no one had a politically acceptable means to deflate the bubble until the domino effect started, and then hedge funds and then major banks started collapsing. Until the knife started falling, no one had a financial incentive to stop. After all, subprime mortgages have crazy interest rates, and if you're BoA or JP Morgan Chase, the government will probably step in to stop your collapse... Twenty billion years isn't forever. In fact, I think there's a story about that. ;) http://multivax.com/last_question.html Actually, someone recently filmed exactly that - a 10-hour film of paint drying, as a protest against film censorship. The British Board of Film Classification awarded it a "U" rating: universal/suitable for all. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/film/movie-news/paint-drying-bbfc... It would have been funny to splice in a couple frames of porn throughout, Fight Club-style. > on account of any action, inaction, matter, thing or event, that occurred or failed to occur at any time in the past, from the beginning of time through and including the Effective Date I think this is the key part here - Intel is basically agreeing to never sue about anything that happened through and including the Effective Date but it doesn't say anything about things that happen after the effective date. I really doubt Intel would agree to such a thing. So unless AMD made the licensing agreement 7 years ago and kept it secret, it wouldn't be covered by that agreement. That would be an interesting fuck-you the next time one of these settlements happen, though. I think their shipping windows are often just messed up. I've had the opposite situation too, where it says that an item must be ordered within the next 2 hours and then when I get to checkout the window is already passed for the day. I'm wondering whether the ship timer on the item page isn't quite accurate, and the one on the checkout goes through and does a warehouse-by-warehouse check to see where the nearest warehouse that has stock and also isn't closed is. As east-coast warehouses close you might get additional availability windows from west-coast warehouses, and their algorithm might not be doing an exhaustive search of when the last possible warehouse that has stock will close. I'm not saying that it isn't a dark pattern, but there are still some "incompetence" explanations before we need to jump to "malice". CUDA is a language that specifically targets NVIDIA GPUs. OpenCL is a general-purpose framework for heterogenous compute tasks. You could be running against a FPGA, a DSP, or even a manycore CPU like Knight's Landing. It's definitely tied less tightly to the hardware, and that's really my main objection to it too. But from AMD's perspective it's an abstract framework, and they are providing stub functions for others to implement. What you are looking at is largely just code to compile a kernel and launch it on the device, basically a makefile in C. You can really just ignore most of the boilerplate until you need to modify it. "Hello World" is not a particularly meaningful program on a device with no console or LEDs to blink - why don't you try something simple like summing every number from 1 to N? Or, a Monte-Carlo simulator to calculate Pi? Easy to code, easy to verify... CUDA is also quite verbose if you are playing by all the rules. You are still supposed to specify your target device, verify your capabilities, free your buffers, check your async return values, etc - and if you don't then you will get weird behavior down the road until you figure out what's going on. OpenCL might try to helpfully ignore misbehavior too, I don't know for sure. Personally I find both CUDA and OpenCL to be quite verbose and when I write for them I use a library like Thrust or Bolt, which takes most of the boilerplate out of it and feel much like writing C++ STL code. It also allows you to work efficiently at a much higher level, and then come through after-the-fact and optimize the parts that are actually slowing you down. It also provides stuff like automatic occupancy tuning and so on. You can trivially switch between Thrust and native kernels by using raw_pointer, so it's great for sorts, scans, etc that "glue" things together. Use it like you would Python, bearing in mind that round trips to host memory are slow (but perhaps not fatally so!) http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/thrust/ http://developer.amd.com/tools-and-sdks/opencl-zone/bolt-c-t... One useful trick is that you can write your CUDA functions inside a Thrust functor which iterates your data elements. So you can use a count_iterator which represents the index of the data element(s) or grid processing element in question, and then you write a functor which uses the counter value to load a data element from a pointer stored inside the functor, and does some work on it. This gives you a "kernel simulator" as an intermediate step between array-wide functional programming and native __device__ functions. This also provides a great place for indirection so you can easily swap between a GPU backend and Thrust's OpenMP CPU backend. It's not like any of it's made in America, so... I have one of these and it's been fine so far. http://www.amazon.com/EasyAcc-Bus-Powered-Self-Powered-Ultra... To reiterate everyone else, Anker is great. I've had good results with TronSmart too. And the Amazon Basics lineup is universally reliable. They have all sorts of chargers/hubs/cables at reasonable prices. Try a monitor with GSync or Freesync. They sync the refresh rate of the monitor to the framerate the GPU can actually deliver, so you don't get tearing and judder as the FPS drops below refresh rate. Dropping into the 40s or high-30 FPS range is no longer a big deal. It's a game changer, I can't wait for it to make its way into TVs. Right now GSync is more expensive (custom electronics) and has a better experience (consistent, often wider sync ranges) but long-term FreeSync is going to win because it's a VESA standard (VESA Adaptive Sync) and cheaper. You can often get a FreeSync model for the same price as an old plain monitor, GSync is usually a $200 increase in price. The points you raise are all true though, the PC experience is not optimized for a 10 ft UI, and the performance tuning is often not as good (although PC is usually pushing a lot more pixels - many consoles render at 720p and upscale, whereas 1080p is standard and 1440p/4K or supersampling are common on PC). The other thing that bothers me is that every PC game is tied to an account somehow, so you can't buy/sell used games. It all depends on settings. I play on a 780 Ti, which performs equivalently to a 970 (but with less memory). Many games can be played at 4K/medium and maintain reasonable framerates (45-60 fps) - FO4, Mad Max, TF2, etc. I had a R9 280 (aka Radeon HD 7950) before that, and it was surprisingly good at 4K too considering its age. You only need multiple Titans if you insist on 4K ultra with everything turned up all the way. Consoles typically don't do that, it's always a graphical compromise to make the hardware work at some reasonable level of graphical fidelity. And typically they only target a 30fps framerate anyway. I have to make the same compromises myself - some settings hurt much more than others as you increase the resolution, but you can find some balance that looks good. Anything that can't be played at 4K can be played at 1440p High or 1080p Ultra and upscaled. 4K is pixel-dense enough that some destructive resizing from 1440p isn't a big deal, or 1080p scales perfectly 4:1. Right now most consoles are doing medium-quality 720p and scaling up the output, so ultra-1080p is still a big step forward compared to a console. Right now the Playstation 4 has 1152 GCN 1.0 cores, so it's between the performance of a Radeon HD 7850 (1024 GCN 1.0 cores) and the 7870 (1280 cores). Something in the 390 or 970-class would probably be reasonable, that's about 80-90% faster. Maybe 980 or 390X-class on the high end, which are 100-110% faster. And remember that on consoles you get the benefit of a single hardware set that you can optimize for, and play low-level micro-optimization tricks with (GCN is great for this). Nobody knows where the new Polaris/Pascal chips will fall on the scale, but that performance tier will probably be considered a midrange chip at that point. Do I think Sony will invest that much in a premium hardware configuration? I have my doubts. But it's certainly possible to make an engineered solution that will play 4K@30fps reasonably well inside a console footprint, particularly once we get the node shrink from Polaris/Pascal. Yes, the subsidies used to factor into that bigtime. The hardware was sold at a loss, in the expectation of making a profit on controllers/accessories, games, subscriptions, etc. That's no longer the case nowadays - the XB1 and PS4 are both being sold at a profit (or at least not a loss). I think the trend away from specialty processors with speciality GPUs attached like the Xenon [note: different from Xeon ] in the XB360 and the Cell in the PS3, to commodity Jaguar x86 APUs with onboard iGPUs is a big reason behind that. Honestly the XBone is really no different than going out and building yourself a mITX PC on the FM2+ socket, for Linux purposes. Nowadays you're better off with something like the Raspberry Pi for intro-to-computing, although I am a big fan of the ECS Liva series myself. The Cell is actually a really amazing processor in a lot of ways. It's really more of a SMP system with a ring-topology interconnect than a traditional SMT processor. You have to specifically build your design around it, but if you do so it's really fast. It's actually only recently that general-purpose x86 has caught up enough that it's feasible to emulate it. It would have been a very desirable piece of hardware for HPC, if you had stuff tailored to that architecture. I've been thinking about writing some website-to-JSON scrapers myself and this basically solves that problem (since I would have been going after CSS selectors or xpath anyway myself). Nice job. So your Aunt Susan doesn't see the dank memes you posted. Or those photos of what you did last weekend. Then you have to diligently add every adult friend to that list forever, and there will be a gap between when you request their friendship and when you are friends with them and are allowed to put them on a restricted list. Blacklists don't work in the Facebook model. Oh, I think I misread that, but it's slightly ambiguous - are we restricting blocking to specific people (Aunt Susan is uptight and shouldn't see my posts) or are we restricting post visibility to specific people? I guess Dylan probably meant the latter... I disagree that the failure of Google+ means that nobody wants privacy settings, or in general that the failure of a business means that every single minor innovation they made was flawed. Google+ failed because of the network effect - a social network is only useful if it's also used by people you want to socialize with. People consistently list privacy controls as among their biggest problems with Facebook, and circles solved that problem neatly once people figured out how they worked. You can of course replicate a circle with a user list on Facebook, but it's nowhere near as obvious. It makes intuitive sense that there's a bias towards mild autism/Aspergers in high-skill computer scientists. Most would probably say that their "education" began long before any kind of formal schooling in the topic. It takes a certain kind of child to stay inside and poke at computers all day instead of going outside and doing something social. And in general, the hyper-focus of mild autism is exactly the kind of thing that drives people to become highly proficient in a technical topic. And on the flip side, severe autism is a nightmare. Although modern society doesn't really do them any favors - historically there were lots of repetitive tasks that needed doing, a person with fairly severe autism could be perfectly fine working in a bakery or blacksmithing or something. Nowadays we really have two kinds of jobs - high skilled, for which we expect people to sit through a lot of formal education, and service jobs, which are highly social jobs usually involving "emotional labor". Neither of those is very suitable for someone with severe autism. Increasing the efficiency of a process also tends to paradoxically increase its utilization (Jevon's Paradox). So it's entirely possible that automated trucking will actually increase total traffic volume. Still though, even a few vehicles "eating traffic waves" can break up a traffic jam. I've heard the number put at 3-5% of traffic being self-driving would prevent phantom traffic jams. So overall I would say that self-driving cars could help reduce phantom traffic jams, but they may actually increase real traffic jams caused by overcapacity. You can't disregard delivery systems, that's a major piece of the picture. Nuclear bombs are most effective when airburst. If you are going to deliver by ICBM or with a military aircraft then you need an implosion design with plutonium. You might be able to sneak it in with a civilian aircraft, or via a ship or something (obviously then you can't airburst). If you want to fully open up your delivery options, you want an implosion design with plutonium. This involves running a reactor for a couple years and reprocessing the waste. And you'll have to avoid regulatory scrutiny from the IAEA to do so (which is also true of a uranium bomb). At this point the biggest problem with building a nuke of either type is getting the material. As an experiment, some college students were asked to design a nuclear weapon back in the 70s, and they apparently got it close enough that the FBI freaked out and tried to suppress their work. It would be even easier nowadays, but refining requires a lot of energy and specialized materials (eg maraging steel) that are watched really closely, and so are the materials that would be used as feedstock. Removing residential units from the long-term lease market and turning them into overnight units does not increase supply, it actually reduces the number of units available for lease. This raises the equilibrium for lease units: less units available, higher prices. Not to mention the fact that leasers are now competing against people paying higher nightly rates. I normally surf with uBlock Origin and most of the filters turned on (anything that's not experimental or a subset of a larger filter), and I get a shock every now and then when I use a browser without filtering and see what the internet has turned into. What the shit, that looks nothing like the Guardian that I am used to seeing. Youtube ads are a real shocker too. About the only time I ever actually notice advertising is when some site sets up an aggressive anti-adblock or airs 2 minutes of dead air where an ad spot would have gone. You can get a QNIX QX2710 IPS 1440p for ~$200 on eBay. Do pay attention to connectors - presumably with a laptop you want one of the versions with HDMI or DisplayPort inputs, not the DVI-only variants. It has a PWM backlight, other versions have DC backlights (Check out the Crossover 2795QHD) but you are stepping up closer to $300 at which point you are competing with options like a refurbished Acer XB270HU or XG270HU 144hz/gsync monitor. 28" TN 4K monitors are regularly going for ~$300 nowadays. Again, Crossover makes a few here, the 288K and 289K. If you want IPS, keep an eye on the Dell Outlet for a P2715Q. They tend to run a lot of 35-40% off coupons for monitors, you can get one for under $350 if the timing works out. You will need DP 1.2 to drive 4K@60hz - HDMI 2.0 doesn't have any significant market penetration yet. The Koreans basically make all the panels that go into monitors, and they take the ones that failed QC for whatever reasons and sell them cheaply though channels like eBay. You may have to put up with a few dead pixels but you can get a great IPS 27" monitor for the price of an average whatever. Don't bother getting the "pixel perfect" warranty unless you are OK paying to mail it back to Korea for replacement. 27" 1440p is 108 ppi, which is the current sweet-spot IMO. 24" 1080p is 92 ppi, 22" 1080p is 100 ppi. So you're a bit behind the curve in terms of ppi, but it's probably not that noticeable. The big thing you're missing is just that 22" isn't that big a screen. For reference 27" 4K is 163 ppi, and many people find that's too much and need to use some scaling. The pellets have nothing to do with it - the lead styphnate is used as the primer charge (which then detonates the gunpower). That's why it tends to be aerosolized. Then it's not a centerfire cartridge - there's no cartridge nor primer in an air rifle :) I thought centerfire + small pellets meant you were talking about birdshot though a shotgun, like competitive skeet or trap shooting. But I guess there aren't too many indoor ranges for that (although there is at least one - the MSZU complex in Germany). Or perhaps one of the .177 cartridges like .17 HM2. So we're probably talking about lead contamination on your hands, then. You can clean that off by washing your hands, and as long as you did so after shooting and particularly before you eat, I think you'd probably have been fine. But I'm not a doctor. Using Tor isn't a crime, but the NSA targets people who use or even search about Tor or VPN services for collection through the XKEYSCORE program. So his post is exactly right - using Tor does "put you on a list", but that alone isn't sufficient to be arrested. The NSA documents further state that Tor is relatively difficult to attack and the best they can do is deanonymize a small (and importantly, random) fraction of users some of the time. http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2014-07/04/nsa-targeting... No, this guy is 100% wrong. The distinction is absolutely clear. If someone else is expected to build on top of a framework he provides then he is building a library, and it would be inappropriate to tie future consumers to a back-end. This is relatively simple to fix - you mark his library as a dependency and add an additional for slf4j-nop to that dependency, but it's not the right way to do this. Those messages aren't meant for him, they're meant for future consumers, and now after including his library they have to dig through and figure out why SLF4J suddenly broke. I can't find exactly what this Tawny-OWL thing is (his link is broken), but it sounds like it might have some kind of interpreter application provided. If he is offering a finished application within the same build unit as his UI library, this is the "big ball of mud" architecture. The fix is to break his application out into a separate build unit that depends on his library. The application can then include slf4j-nop without messing up SLF4J for all his library's consumers. Maven Reactor can automatically build his dependencies when his main application builds, if desired. The thing about having to deal with 2 different logging frameworks is exactly what SLF4J is meant to fix. SLF4J lets you route the messages from multiple sources to a single sink/backend defined by the final consumer application. Yeah, it sucks to deal with multiple logging frameworks, but that's simply how it is and you don't help anything by having a whinge about it. You include the routing/bridge modules (JUL-to-SLF4J, Commons-to-SLF4J, etc) in the final-consumer application and call it a day. If you don't want to do that, find some other dependency that doesn't use those logger frameworks. Yeah, it's the exact situation described in that XKCD: "There are 14 competing standards! Let's create one that is perfect for everyone's use-case!" "There are 15 competing standards..." https://xkcd.com/927/ And, as you noticed, pretty much every Java project will reach a point where it has to deal with all four-ish of the major logging frameworks. Some module, somewhere, will include an Apache dependency and then you get JCL, and some other purist will insist on java.util.logging and away you go. With that said, it really isn't that bad to fix. You can use the SLF4J bridge modules and dump all 4 of the logging systems to a single output system. This doesn't actually have to be via SLF4J either - there are modules to dump SLF4J out to JCL or JUL or whatever. http://www.slf4j.org/legacy.html This is one of those things about Java that's annoying as hell to get set up, but you plug through it for an hour and then you never need to touch it again. And the next time you can crib from your working build and 99% of it will be the same. I would say that the responsibility to define a backend falls either on the Clojure interpreter or the user of the interpreter, then. Java is not typically run on an interpreter shell and the defaults that normally are sensible for Java probably aren't appropriate there. It's a perfectly sensible default for a framework to warn you at runtime that it's not configured properly, and stderr is the appropriate channel for that to go out over. I would even go so far as to say that it should default to stderr output on warn/error messages unless explicitly muted, instead of merely switching to NOP output after the initial misconfiguration warning. An interpreter might prefer another default but I think that's probably the best default for most Java projects. The way I see it here, Clojure built on top of a stack without understanding the caveats that go with the stack. It's simply a fact that Java logging is a mess, there are four major competing standards and you need to tell Java which one you prefer, because any project will eventually need to interact with all of them if it continues growing. It's a fact of building on that stack. Most universities will let you do an internship or something instead of a class. And, this university was accredited by a reputable organization, so they held this out as something that a great number of reputable people and organizations had supposedly said was OK. And these were foreigners in particular, so they might not have the same warning signals that US natives might have. At the end of the day the US higher-ed system is largely pay-to-win anyway. If you just want to check the boxes so you can make it through the HR filters and move onto a decent-paying job, most schools will happily oblige. All they care about is if the check clears, there's plenty of students who surf the internet through their gen-eds and easily pass. College is what you make of it, and it's simply not that weird to see an accredited university offering a super-easy course load. If the difference you're seeing here is that they don't hold a lecture for the kids to skip, who cares? Sounds like cost optimization to me - eliminate the tutoring and you can get your name on a piece of piece of paper and check that box even more cheaply. I have and it works fine. Do you need FP64? If so, right now the OG GTX Titan is the default choice - it offers full double-precision performance with 6 GB of VRAM. There's nothing better south of $3000. If not, the 980 Ti or Titan X offer excellent deep learning performance, albeit only at FP32. And their scheduling/preemption is not entirely there, they may not be as capable of Dynamic Parallelism as Kepler was. The 780 Ti is actually a more capable card in some respects. The new consumer Pascal cards will almost certainly not support FP64, NVIDIA has considered that a Quadro/Tesla feature since the OG Titan. If DP performance is a critical feature for you and you need more performance than an OG Titan will deliver, you want the new Tesla P100 compute cards, and you'll have to convince NVIDIA you're worthwhile and pay a 10x premium for it if you want it within the next 6 months. But they probably will support compute better, although you should wait for confirmation before spending a bunch of money... For VR stuff or deep learning, the consumer Pascal cards sound ideal. Get a 1070 or 1080, definitely. The (purportedly) improved preemption performance alone justifies the premium over Maxwell, and the FP16 capability will significantly accelerate deep learning (FP16 vs FP32 is not a significant difference in overall net output in deep learning). I was thinking about this earlier - the transition from a warp of 32 to a warp of 64 that Pascal supposedly made sounds exactly like how you would accelerate multiple projections (by at least a factor of 4). edit: apparently Pascal still has a warp-size of 32. A major concept in GPGPU programming is "warp coalescing". Threads are executed an entire warp at a time (32 or 64 threads). All threads execute all paths though the code block - eg if ANY thread executes an if-statement, ALL threads execute an if-statement. The threads where the if-statement is false will execute NOP instructions until the combined control flow resumes. This formula is followed recursively if applicable (this is why "warp divergence/branch divergence" absolutely murders performance on GPUs). When threads execute a memory load/store, they do so as a bank. The warp controller is designed to combine these requests if at all possible. If 32 threads all issue a request for 32 sequential blocks, it will combine them into 1 request for 32 blocks. However, it cannot do anything if the request isn't either contiguous (a sequential block of the warp-size) or strided (a block where thread N wants index X+0, N+1 wants thread X+0, X+2N, etc). In other words - it doesn't have to be contiguous, but it does have to be uniform. The resulting memory access will be broadcast to all units within the warp, and this is a huge factor in accelerating compute loads. Having a warp-size of 64 hugely accelerates certain patterns of math, particularly wide linear algebra. edit: apparently Pascal still has a warp-size of 32. You're quite simply wrong - the docs do not say that anywhere. What they do say is that you are not allowed to route loggers circularly - if you route (for example) JUL through SLF4J, you are not allowed to route that output back to JUL, otherwise messages would never be dumped to output. Unless you halve the precision going into the ALU (FP16 vs FP32), of course... I did my grad research on disease transmission simulations on GPUs, so this is super interesting to me. Could you please hit me with some papers or presentations? The NVIDIA memory model also goes through L1 cache - but that's obviously not very big on a GPU processor (also true on AMD IIRC). Like love stuff that they can do entirely within registers. Having to hit (the limited quantity of) shared memory slows things down much more. Inefficient/non-coaslesced use of shared memory or global memory too often can trash performance. Hitting host/CPU memory in any non-trivial amount usually dooms a program. With each step you not just cut down your bandwidth but also you increase your latency and that has a huge impact. The AMD Pro Duo seems aimed at the workstation/rendering market rather than the compute market. NVIDIA is totally dominant in the compute market. They have an enormous amount of software running on CUDA that you would be locking yourself out of with AMD, and since NVIDIA has such a dominant share of the compute hardware you would also be tuning for what amounts to niche hardware. AMD has recently been working on getting a CUDA compatibility layer working, hopefully this will improve in the future. There's actually not. Unless it infringes on a protected class (eg "no black people") or a fundamental liberty interest, the "rational basis" standard prevails. This basically means that if a hypothetical reason could be articulated to support a public interest it's legal, even if it does not actually achieve that goal in practice. This becomes particularly broad when you're talking about actions in public. So while it would probably be considered an intrusion to send the Dental Police into everyone's home to be sure that they floss daily, it would probably be legal to have the Dental Police perform mandatory tooth-brushings on all taxi drivers. Nobody is forcing you to be a taxi driver and you could reasonably avoid the situation by practicing another profession instead. That's how you get stuff like requiring hair nets for food safety. But again, it doesn't necessarily have to be sensical. Unless otherwise restricted, states and cities have an enormous amount of leeway to do whatever they think is in their citizens' best interests. It's a list of things you can't do, not a list of things you can . If Austin wants to fingerprint taxi drivers, that's well within their powers. Not even controversial - that has been common practice for probably a half century now. They would also have to identify their vehicles with a logo (slap a magnet on the side of the car), avoid obstructing an active street or bus stop, and pay one of three fee options (at Uber/Lyft's choice). It's not going to cripple Uber/Lyft's business model. They disagree, of course, which is their prerogative. There are still taxi services available in Austin who find those regulations perfectly workable. If you dislike your health department making you wear hair nets or meet food-holding temperatures, you are perfectly free to discontinue providing a service that goes against the public interest. It all depends on the capacity of the train and how frequently it stops. Starting and stopping are the real killers since you need extra spacing (or very long "onramps") to accelerate and decelerate a train. However, one concept is a train that never needs to start and stop. Passengers move onto a separate car that separates from the main train and can decelerate into the station, and then it reaccelerates and attaches to the next train. Conceptually, this allows you to run much larger trains since you don't need to decelerate it every 10 minutes for a stop. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIeRrU4_M3Q This is the original concept. Let's just say I have some doubts about the feasibility of engineering that design in real life, but the concept of detaching cars seems sound to me. Conceptually I do like the idea of the detachable cars being a different type of unit with a higher top speed and better acceleration/deceleration units to assist in the deceleration and overtaking steps. A simpler implementation would be to have self-propelled carriages that combine motors and passenger space, and have the car accelerate and decelerate on a siding. The main train would have to run at a slower speed than the detached car could achieve in order for it to "catch up" but could then accelerate back to top speed once reattached. This would lead to an "oscillating" pattern of distance between multiple trains on the line. Also, at the end of the day a runway is still a "one-dimensional" unit of capacity in the same way that a rail line is. You can have multiple multiple runways or rail lines (which I guess is "two-dimensional" in your definition here) but you certainly can't have multiple decks of runways or land multiple airplanes on top of each other. It's actually perfectly feasible to have rail lines running at multiple depths, many subway stations do it. You can actually go the other route too. There's a library called Thrust that provides a STL-like interface to CUDA, as well as "glue" functions that go between the finely-tuned stuff. One of the things Thrust supports is an OpenMP backend, so it can emit code that runs on a CPU instead of a GPU. I've never tried it so I don't know how good it is, particularly on the collective operations. But I assume if what you want is a "#pragma omp parallel for 1-to-N" then it's probably great. Construct your operation as a functor and use a thrust::for_each from 1 to N. Couple comments here: GPGPU programming is really good if you can construct your problem as a sorting problem (eg "sort results so interesting tags are at the start of the array"). From what I've seen this is reliably the most successful approach. One problem can be when the number of output items from a given input item is unpredictable. You typically want to run a prefix-scan within a block to compact the block's output into a single chunk until your shared-memory buffer is full, or you've reached the end of the data set. Then, you do an ATOMIC increment on a global "slots-used" counter for your output buffer, and write as a big chunk. This is a lot more complex than sorting, but reasonably fast. If you want to guarantee that your output will fit in the buffer, you need to run the operation twice. The first run is a "dummy" that writes no output, just figures out the last input element that can write data without the output buffer overflowing. In some cases it may be preferential to just allocate a reasonable guesstimate of the 95% case and not write past the end if a true worst-case scenario happens. Try like hell to keep everything in registers or shared-memory and avoid writing intermediate data. High utilization of memory (order complexity) kills performance, both directly (hitting global memory incurs lots of latency) and indirectly (GPUs have the greatest speedup when working on the largest possible working set). I ran into a bug in the installer myself: if you select "download and install updates" then for some reason the dialog that says "We autodetected your timezone as America/New York" cannot ever be closed (and it never unfroze for me) This is apparently a bug that spans multiple sub-distributions (Ubuntu, Lubuntu, Xubuntu) and dates back to at least 11.04, it was reported over five years ago . Now, once you know the solution it's easy to get around, but it was by no means easy to track down the problem - and who wouldn't want to install fresher packages? It's kind of amateurish to allow major bugs like that to linger in your installer for multiple years. I was installing Lubuntu on a Liva X mini-PC with N2808 processor and eMMC memory. I actually still couldn't get it to boot after I finished the install - the UEFI doesn't see the eMMC drive as a valid boot target in the boot menu and it just goes straight to BIOS. Not sure if I don't have GRUB installed to the right place, or if there's some other Ubuntu-specific bug cropping up, or what. It's an open question whether cable networks (like those that carry internet) could be subject to the Equal Time Rule. Publically-licensed airwaves have traditionally been considered fundamentally different from a privately-owned cable system. Having rigid definitions for data types doesn't necessarily mean the datastore is rigid. It just means that you know what type of data goes in each column. Like it or not, if you change your schema that change has to be handled somewhere - either you update the old data to the new schema (do this), or you handle old versions of the schema in the application (fundamentally non-scalable IMO). It doesn't matter whether they're values in a JSON object or columns in a relational DB. Flyway is a fantastic tool for making changes to relational schemas. Your code is versioned, and you can just keep the schema migration scripts right next to it. If you need to upgrade an old schema, it just walks through the migration scripts until it's up-to-date. If there is some portion of your model that really, truly, honestly consists of unstructured data, you can just put that in a JSON column. What you are referring to is what the Wall Street Journal once called the "HENRYs" - High Earner, Not Rich Yet. Or in other words, "once I spend all of my money, I have nothing left!". This is an argument that can be made at virtually any income level. Consider the following article and this really charming infographic they put together: http://www.wsj.com/articles/six-figure-incomesand-facing-fin... http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BF-AE118B_05WIc_G_... (infographic from http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100014241278873236896045782201... ) After all - $400k isn't really that much , after you've paid taxes and put away $22k per year for retirement and the kids' college, and after you're done spending $87k per year on a mortgage, $25k per year on property taxes, $40k per year on maintenance and utilities, $30k per year on groceries, $21k per year on dining out, $26k per year on vacations, $24k per year on car expenses, $12k on country club dues, $10k per year on children's sports, and $9k per year on gifts and donations. Why in fact you're $10k in the hole! I don't quite know how to say this other than bluntly, but $125k is a long ways above median household income everywhere in the country. For comparison, the median household income for New York City is $50,711 and the median household income for the San Francisco Metro Area is $83,222. Most people live off less than $125k, don't pretend it's impossible. Expenses tend to find a way to encompass available income unless you make a deliberate effort to stop that - even for people making $400k per year. $125k isn't "rich" in the sense that you could quit working and live off the income from your investments or commute every weekend from your villa in the Caribbean, but it's vastly more than most people will ever see, and it's enough to be totally financially secure _if you choose to be_. This is really the distinction the article is getting at: some people use "lower/middle/upper" in the sense of income quantiles, other people use it in the sense of working-vs-rentier classes (i.e. proletariat-vs-bourgeois). But there's always been a group of HENRYs - Marx labelled them as the "petit bourgeois". Yeah, I totally agree. It's not just the OpenMP backend, it's Thrust in general. I had a project that was probably 5-10k LOC and it took like 2 minutes to compile with Thrust. I'm pretty sure nvcc doesn't handle the templating very well. Buy an unlocked phone and use a pay-by-month carrier. Anything less is paying for a pittance of financial convenience with features and abuse. Probably Net10, they are bigtime partners with Walmart (but could also be Boost Mobile or a couple others with similar plans). I bought an unlocked MotoG and with Net10 I pay either $40 for 3GB or $50 for 5GB depending on my expected usage for the month (you can get bigger plans if you want at $10-for-2GB increments). If you go over you are not cut off, just restricted to 2G service (latency is horrible though). Tethering is technically against the rules but they don't really care, I've never gotten in trouble. You either get carried on T-Mobile or ATT. I do ATT and it works fine - I am up north right now in Bumfuck MI (a cabin in the middle of a National Forest) and I have 4/5 bars of 4G signal. I think coverage worries are a thing of the past unless you are using one of those carriers that is specifically city-only. I get around and it's just never been a problem for me. I buy refills through Callingmart. They don't charge all the extra fees that Net10 does directly (typically an extra $4/mo or so), they do 1% loyalty cashback for your next order, and they constantly run 3% off coupons (check retailmenot.com). So for a $50 refill that costs $54 though Net10's store I am at $46.50 out the door. They have refills for tons of carriers, worth checking out if you're monthly. I said it below and got down voted but if you aren't unlocked and monthly you are getting screwed hard. My phone is rooted and has an unlocked bootloader, so I can run CyanogenMod (i.e. I can get security updates instead of being tied to the carrier's firmware), use the radio, tether, or anything else I want. I have absolutely zero ties binding me to my carrier - if next month some other carrier offers a better deal (or my current one tries to screw me) I just buy a $2 SIM-kit, swap and activate, and point my Google Voice number at the new SIM. Takes five minutes of work and nobody else even needs to know I changed carriers. The only downside is that you need to pay for a phone upfront instead of on a phone plan since nobody will finance an unlocked phone (hello startup idea). Seems like a straightforward Gambler's Fallacy situation. Assuming the chances of each sex are independent and equally probable, then each subsequent child has a 50% chance of each sex. Your previous streak is irrelevant (it doesn't matter whether you're male or female), the chance of having a brother is equal. As the number of families approaches infinity the number of brothers will even out. Or to rephrase the question - after flipping a coin and getting 50 heads in a row, what's the chance of the 51st coin coming up heads? (answer: 50%) Now in reality the chances of each sex may not be equal - some people have a genetic predisposition to have more sons than daughters or vice versa. And of course there's family planning and so on that may artificially alter the number of brothers/sisters (eg to carry on the fmaily name). https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/12/081211121835.h... I live in Michigan and drive a 4WD Jeep Patriot (standard tires). There's a lot of things to dislike about it (underpowered, chintzy cabin, etc), but one thing I can say with 100% confidence is that when traction control is enabled it stays absolutely glued to the road at all times. It's actually kind of shocking some of the things you can do while maintaining control, and it's really important to keep the old adage in mind - the difference between 2WD and 4WD is about 20 feet of chain. The day after a big snowstorm is pretty rough here thanks to lake effect, but I just pop on 4WD and plow through it, while praying that some idiot doesn't slide into me. If you're going to consider those for uranium you also need to consider them for coal. The energy density of uranium makes it a non-issue. A 1GW reactor fissions about 1 ton of enriched uranium per year. You need about 10x as much raw material, so we're talking about 10 tons of uranium per year. If you can't reprocess, then you lose about 95% of the fissionable material in the uranium. So you use up 20 tons of material per year, and you need to mine about 200 tons. In comparison, a 1GW coal plant uses about 3 million tons of coal per year. And be real, coal isn't particularly clean to mine either. You need to wash it, and that water ends up just as polluted with heavy metals as the fly ash. Not to mention the human toll - black lung disease still killed about 25k people in the year 2013, and incidence rates (in the active miner population) have actually been rising since the 1990s. It's the difference between a small-scale mining operation and large-scale strip mining. I've looked at it before, in the context of R/C aircraft (my hobby). The problem is the same one everyone else has named: airplanes need to maximize power-to-weight ratio and hybrid-electric systems are heavier for a given power output. My conclusion was that a battery-based system was a bad approach. Instead you would want to use a hybrid motor/generator approach - you can use a glow motor to spin an electric motor, and if you couple the electric motor to another identical motor they will spin lockstep. It's like a diesel-electric transmission on a ship or locomotive. And the funny thing is glow engines are actually a kind of diesel engine too. https://youtu.be/6kgzrXFSDwA?t=13 This would be most advantageous for multi-engine setups because you would be able to use more energy-dense liquid fuels instead of batteries, use a single larger/more efficient motor as the prime mover, and avoid the complexity of multi-engine operation. With gas engines, you need to tune each engine to perform similarly, have a throttle servo with identical/aligned travel for each, independent fuel supplies (or at least header tanks), etc. Whereas electric motors are dead simple, but the problem is the batteries are hard to lift. So instead of batteries you have a prime mover - and on top of that you get liquid fuels too. Ideally you'd probably want a single larger generator-motor attached to multiple small drive motors, but they would need to be chosen so that the electrical characteristics of the motors were appropriate for each other throughout the RPM range. The downside is that it probably doesn't scale well to full-size aircraft - many small aircraft are relatively underpowered even with gas engines. And in both cases, having multiple independent power sources enhances safety, as this creates a single point-of-failure. As a private pilot: yes, you absolutely do not want to be landing on empty. Range is the same thing as endurance, and endurance means you have options when things don't go your way. Endurance is already a concern even on conventional motors - your average Cessna 150 only has a useful payload of 344 lbs with full fuel tanks. If you want to put two people in it, you're not taking off with full tanks, especially once you account for possibly thinner air above sea level or due to warm temperatures. You need to keep a minimum (!) 30 minute reserve of fuel for VFR. The 150 has a 4-hour max endurance with full tanks. Usually you get less, because that doesn't include full-throttle time for takeoffs/climb. So if you take out half the gas (buying yourself another 76 lbs of payload) you've actually removed about 3/4 of the useful range of the aircraft. The same problem applies to battery-driven electric aircraft - extra weight kills endurance, and compensating for this causes a death spiral. Twin-engine aircraft are really the way to fix this, but they're more expensive to get certified for, more expensive to run, more expensive to insure, etc. I'm a big fan of the Diamond DA42, twin diesels are cool as hell and it's totally nuts how slowly they sip fuel. The other thing not mentioned in the article is that with batteries, as you drain them the output voltage also drops. That translates into reduced torque/power, and possibly an aircraft with different handling characteristics in stall situations. Conventional engines will deliver 100% power on-demand right up until they're out of gas. Gunner turrets do not necessarily include permanently mounted weapons. See: B-17 waist-gun turrets. All weapons in the plane were removable. Nobody wants to leave automatic weapons lying around where they would be easy to steal. Your link includes an armored vehicle in which an automatic belt-fed weapon could be mounted (and which are commonly possessed by SWAT teams). It's a military-grade APC, there is no honestly viable quarrel with his title. An aircraft can't afford to be hauling around 2-3x as much battery as is actually necessary to fly, as is common in electric cars. I can assure you than when an electric airplane is at the limit of its range, its performance characteristics will change in a negative way. Electric planes are already at a 100x disadvantage in terms of Specific Energy - liquid fuels (JP-1 jet fuel or gasoline) contain about 46 MJ/kg while Li-ion batteries contain about 0.36-0.875 MJ/kg. They cannot afford to make that a 300x disadvantage. It doesn't work in terms of lift. As someone else posted in a thread, electric power already takes you from a 900 mile range to a 150 mile range. 50 miles is not acceptable because you're talking https://fas.org/irp/cia/product/ig_deutch.html All three of the programs you name are untouchable because they are funnelling money directly to powerful political stakeholders. Being real blunt here, poor people don't make political contributions and they hardly even vote. For the most part, they are easy political marks and cuts to general-population social programs happen regularly. There are notable exceptions, like senior citizens - which is why we haven't done anything about the unfunded expediture on the Medicare prescription coverage. Government agencies aren't expected to innovate, they're legally required to carry out the will of Congress and do absolutely nothing else but the will of Congress. Most of the "failures" you see are the result of a dysfunctional political system. For example, the Post Office was looking to branch out into services like bill payments, identity verification, banking, etc but Congress forbid them from doing it. Not to mention the crazy requirements Congress set for pre-funding their retirees. No private company has to do that - most of them are pushing their funding obligations off to the future. Underfunding retirement isn't a good idea by any means, but the playing field is most definitely not level here, both in terms of responsibilities or ability to pivot. It's wildly unfair to blast government agencies for not innovating. They don't have a CEO or a board, they have Congress calling the shots. Of course they aren't agile. And even worse, half of Congress thinks the entire concept of government services is illegitimate and is actively engaged in sabotaging and defunding those services. There's not really a parallel in the private world where a CEO is destroying a company because he thinks it shouldn't exist. Competition really hasn't been healthy, beginning with the Kepler generation. Ever since then, AMD has been unable to get a solid win, and most of their cards have been rebrands. They're still running some first-gen GCN chips (dating back to 2012) in their current lineup. Heck, some of their prices have actually increased in the last few years (eg the 390 rebrand raised the price by $100). NVIDIA held the upper hand with GK110 (780/Titan), then AMD dropped the 290X. This forced NVIDIA to readjust their prices and release the 780 Ti as an interim measure, but they held onto their lead position. Then NVIDIA started with the Maxwell series, which drastically improved both performance and efficiency. AMD tried to respond to the Titan X with the Fury X, but NVIDIA cut the legs out from under them by releasing the 980 Ti. Now once again AMD is behind the performance curve - NVIDIA has staked out the high-end space with the 1080 and the midrange with the 1070, and AMD is stuck in the low-end market with the RX480 until NVIDIA can get GP106 out. AMD's response to the 1080 is going to be the Vega 10 chip, and unfortunately it's unlikely to be released before Q4 2016 at the earliest (more likely Q1 or Q2 2017). NVIDIA already has GP102 coming down the pipe, which is going to be a Titan/1080 Ti, and they'll drop that when they feel it's necessary to spoil AMD's sales. That's the story of AMD and NVIDIA recently. AMD has put out some cards that were good value for the money - both the 7950/7970 and 290/290X have been very long-lived performers (and will likely continue to perform well thanks to DX12). But they haven't taken the top since 2012, all they can do at this point is force some price reductions. Like it or not they aren't a serious competitor in the GPU space any more than they are in the CPU space. They are a budget choice, not a serious contender. 3D printing is not currently a technology that gets significantly cheaper with mass production. The assembly process would get cheaper with volume, but I suspect a lot of the cost is in that huge metallic frame component they printed. The usual trick is to 3D print large components folded up and unfold them afterwards - I don't think that would be very feasible for a bike frame that needs to be stiff, but you never know. Walmart gets a lot of heat but they actually do lobby for a higher minimum wage (which they believe will hurt their less-efficient competitors more than it does Walmart). And really, most retail and food-service companies are no better. With that said, it's certainly possible to run a retail store without totally screwing your employees. Costco is extremely profitable despite providing very high wages and good benefits, far better than Walmart's warehouse-club subsidiary Sams Club. At the end of the day Walmart is still making a choice to screw over their employees just because they can get away with it, regardless of if everyone else is doing it . Tu quoque is not a good defense. Or PBKDF2, which would be my preference in any stuffy corporate environment. Nobody ever got fired for following NIST/FIPS standards. I'd use bcrypt if I were working on my own project though. I think scrypt goes too far, I would actually be concerned about its speed and memory utilization hurting responsiveness for any sort of web server or other latency-sensitive system. What exactly is sensationalized about antibiotic headlines? My understanding is that they are indeed massively under-funded in research and development while also being massively abused by the livestock industry (particularly overseas, where drugs-of-last-resort are being used on livestock) and general practitioners (although a tiny factor in comparison). I will grant you that the US is trying to take steps to crack down on livestock use, at least. I don't actually know any IT people who think the brain works like a computer, or that it's "binary based". I know people who think that neural nets attempt to approximate the neural activity of the brain, and also that it's a pale imitation at best, with many modes of action not properly modeled. I know people who think that free will is a myth and that everything we think is just chemical and electrical reactions in the brain, which is likely correct. Mining is much, much, much older than 1740. Basic cave mining dates back to prehistory, organized tunnel mining dates back to Ancient Egypt and Greece, and the Romans used sophisticated large-scale hydraulic-mining techniques with the use of pumps to drain water from deeper mines. By the medieval period the Germans were hitting really tremendous depths - by 1700 or so many mines were hitting depths of 300+ meters. Presumably your users don't want to wait 6 minutes to log in, and nor do you want to tie up a full core for 6 minutes running the hash. That's the problem with increasing bcrypt's work factor - you have to deal with the increased difficulty too. If you're doing salting properly (a unique CSPRNG-generated salt for every user) then 3600 attempts per hour really isn't enough to get anything except the lowest of low-hanging fruit. You store the user's salt in a database column just like the hash. Optionally, when they change their password, you update the salt. If you accept the premise of a secure hash, then there's no predictable effect on the output when you change hash('mypass') to hash('onetimesalt' + 'mypass'). Knowing that the user's salt is 'onetimesalt' does not get the attacker any closer to figuring out which password was used with that salt. Therefore there is no harm to storing the salt unencrypted in the database. The advantage of doing this is that an attacker can't just make a single hashing run against common passwords using a single serverwide salt - they actually have to check the password list using every single user's salt. So if you have a million users (caveat: and your attacker is just scanning them all rather than going after a specific user), you've increased the complexity of an attack by a factor of a million. I didn't have any ability to follow my students' earnings but that '2-3 really great students per class' also correlates with my experience TA'ing CS110 students. Or to put it another way, if you knew how to program you wouldn't need to take a crash course. One of the unique things about programming is that many places will hire you without formal certification if you have the (non-language-specific) skills, so there's no real reason to do a bootcamp just for the credential. Conversely, even if you have credentials you're useless if you can't churn out decent code, and it's just not possible to get the chops to do that in a few weeks of study if you don't already have a basic level of skill. And if you do, there's again no reason to actually go to a bootcamp. Not that we don't have our problems with stuff like brogrammer culture (particularly in startups) but in terms of credentialling we're actually remarkably meritocratic. Pumping out good code is what matters, not the credential. A credential is one signal that an individual may be competent, but just like any other signal it's by no means foolproof, and there's plenty of other ways to demonstrate competence. However, most people's load doesn't regularly go to zero - and in fact it still might be advantageous to use reserved instances even if it did, because they're so much cheaper. The situation is analogous to "base-load vs peak-load" on the power grid. Base-load power (reserved instances) are very cheap but cannot respond to transient spikes in the load. Peaking plants (on-demand instances) can respond to transient spikes quickly, but are expensive to run. A naieve model is that you find your minimum usage and buy enough baseload to cover that, with peaking beyond that. However, since peaking is so much more expensive than baseload this is not necessarily optimal - instead, you may want to buy some extra baseload that isn't fully utilized during your off-hours, because that offsets expensive peaking capacity during your high-demand hours. You almost certainly would not want to have zero reserved instances. The housing bubble, obviously. Check out http://www.savemyserver.com/ and look at something like the PowerEdge 2950 III. Does your GPU fit that chassis? That is my major concern with that. Beyond that, the major weakness of those chassis is that they eat a bunch of power compared to modern processors. That's why they're being sold off. Other than that, the default GPGPU picks are either the OG GTX Titan or the 780 Ti since either has the same processor as the Tesla compute cards. It's impossible to "reverse-engineer" a cryptographic signature. Properly implemented (and you can bet that Intel has had time to finalize this) it's computationally insurmountable. Clustering/horizontally scaling Postgres. This is one of the toughest topics with Postgres IMO. Pretty easy to get just from reading the first couple paragraphs of the documentation. Postgres has three string types, CHARACTER, CHARACTER VARYING, and TEXT. CHARACTER VARYING is the basic type of string, and can be given with a maximum character length. If no length is given, the max value is assumed. CHARACTER is a padded string - all strings are padded to the specified length with spaces. If no length is given, the length 1 is assumed. TEXT is an alias for a CHARACTER VARYING without a length parameter (max length). Actually all string types are handled the same internally, and there's no performance reason to use CHARACTER instead of CHARACTER VARYING. In fact it may hurt performance since the padding increases the data size. Using length constraints also carries a slight performance hit during writes as the constraint gets checked. https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.5/static/datatype-characte... Commercial use is a big one. Spectrum is extremely valuable and companies would grab it in a heartbeat. If you allow encryption, you have no way of telling whether a given user is operating commercial traffic - could be a ham, could be a taxi service running their dispatches in amateur spectrum. For a preview of what this would look like, consider the push to run cellular service in the wifi bands (LTE-U). Wifi/Bluetooth/Zigbee devices are about to get crapped on, if Verizon gets their way. Yes, tube gear is rad-hard and there's plenty of old 30s-50s vintage all-tube rigs around if that's your thing. Yes, you do still want to disconnect the antenna but either way tubes are much more durable to abuse and are going to have a better chance of surviving. Tube gear is often quite cheap because nowadays everyone wants fancy electronic gear. About 12 years ago I picked up a 70s-vintage Kenwood TS-820S hybrid rig (tube finals, the rest as solid state) for about $150, when a comparable electronic rig would have been about $1k. I abused the crap out of that rig and it took it quite well. I finally need to have it serviced one of these days, the output power was starting to tail off (probably a tube finally giving up its magic blue smoke). Tube gear has a bit more of a learning curve than solid-state gear (eg tuning up before operating) but it's very durable and easily serviceable. Generally the most you will do is blow a tube whereas with a transistor-based radio you definitely will smoke the semiconductors and the radio will be a write-off. Unfortunately tubes are getting rare/expensive, but it's still better to track down a couple of $25 tubes than to replace the whole rig. Tube rigs are particularly common in high-power gear (again, especially if you are trying to keep costs down). Solid-state amps in the 1KW range only became feasible relatively recently and are still much more expensive than a tube-based boatanchor. They especially dominate AM/FM broadcast equipment, which can range from tens of KW up to megawatts of power. You just can't push that much power through transistors very easily. The US is fixing that problem. Starting December 2016, a vet must examine and prescribe antibiotics for each animal; it will no longer be allowable to preemptively dose an entire herd just to enhance production. http://www.fda.gov/AnimalVeterinary/DevelopmentApprovalProce... Obviously it doesn't fix it for China though, which is where a lot of the drug-resistant bugs are coming from... Also, there is a finite limit to the signal delay that can be reasonably endured. Neuron signals travel at around 50 M/s. The giraffe probably represents the evolutionary limit of how far the brain can be from the feet before you start stumbling and falling over. This is a rather interesting post on some of the potential mechanisms of giraffe balance. http://psychsciencenotes.blogspot.com/2013/08/why-dont-giraf... Absolutely not. There are significant negative externalities associated with transient populations. For starters: Occupational safety (branches falling down and crushing you on a tire swing), fire safety, bedbugs, noise/loud parties, litter, criminal occupancy, secondary vice (drug dens/prostitution/craigslist orgies/etc). The problem of a bunch of sailors coming into port has been recognized since antiquity. Skeezy/short term motels have a reputation for a reason, and are regulated for even better ones. You yourself may be a perfectly upstanding citizen who just couchsurfs for a weekend to check out a cool area, but others are not. It's unreasonable to expect neighbors to file daily lawsuits against their neighbors to keep a modicum of peace. It's a known problem and it's perfectly reasonable to preempt it by either requiring a formal lease with a minimum term of a month or more, or requiring more identification/scrutiny of the clients and some formal standards of the rentiers. Analogously, it's perfectly fine for banks to scrutinize large cash transactions. Some of them are legit, some of them are tied to crime. But you need to look and be sure because it's high-risk activity. If you don't want that level of scrutiny, send a check/transfer/CC payment and your reputation will speak for itself. Decreased property values near hotels, student ghettos, and other nuisance areas are very commonly depressed, and often have elevated police dispatch rates. It's hardly an uncommon phenomenon. Not all restaurants are roach-infested mold-filled hazards - but we have to treat them all like they potentially are, in the sense that we need to register them and inspect them to prove that they aren't hazards. Marriott and Hilton hotels get inspected all the time and they pass with flying colors because they do all the things they're supposed to do - unlike unregistered fly-by-night flophouses working under the radar. You've obviously never gotten bedbugs from a neighboring unit or hotel. Trust me, they suck like crazy. You do not want to go bundle everything you own into trash bags, move out for a weekend while you wash everything you own, and have the house fumigated (heated to a crisp). It sucks. Fraud/money laundering is a form of criminal activity, and (just like hotels) banks are compelled to report on specific types of activities that are likely to be criminal. Hotels don't define this; legislatures do, just as they define (or delegate) what they consider to be suspicious financial activity. The Hilton is not deciding that the guy paying in cash every night with a dozen visitors every night or the guy bringing in a bunch of drain cleaner every day is a suspicious individual, they let the FBI investigate that just like financial crime. Sorry to break it to you but the FBI is on to your no-tell-motel dealing scheme. They're not stupid. The problem isn't developing on device, it's importing code/dependencies. Apple doesn't want apps that can download and run arbitrary binaries from the internet. My understanding is that they have interpreted this broadly in the past as basically "any code that the end-user didn't type by themselves or hasn't been vetted by the app's author". Again, my understanding is that this has historically thrown a huge monkeywrench into builds and dependency-resolution, for example you cannot include something like Maven. However, apparently this is OK (presumably as long as you stick to the official DotNet library set). Stuff like git is really in a grey area. Apple won't officially approve it themselves, but they have approved some scripting tools for which people have implemented git. This is nonsense. All things equal, they would certainly prefer a population that isn't starving to the point of revolution. That's a really fantastic way to end up with your head on a pike. Venezuela's leaders are certainly putting their personal fortunes and their ideology ahead of the good of the people, and their economy/currency has crashed as a result. But that's quite different from twirling their moustaches as they deliberately set out to starve an entire population as a primary/intended outcome. There's tremendous political problems with just "not using them" - we've done shelving before, usually with drugs that have unfavorable characteristics. Colistin is one example, it was shelved because it's fairly nephrotoxic, and today it's one of the last-resort antibiotics. The problem is China loves to pump their livestock full of it to boost production, and now we're starting to see bacteria strains that are resistant to it. http://phenomena.nationalgeographic.com/2015/11/21/mcr-gene-... The WHO simply do not have any teeth to enforce shelving, and it's probably going to take a major health crisis before it's even on the table. The fact that a drug of last resort is being widely used in livestock is actually quite concerning, because it still builds resistance to this antibiotic even if it's not being used on humans. It also raises huge questions about the ability to enforce shelving. At least two cases have been detected in the US, the first was earlier this year, the second as of yesterday. https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/07/160711150939.h... As mentioned in the article, the colistin resistance is being transmitted via plasmid, so it is capable of diffusing quite widely into different types of bacteria. The foreign use of drugs-of-last-resort is what's specifically concerning, and what raises the questions of the WHO's ability to coordinate and enforce shelving. The use of common antibiotics isn't good, by any means, but last-defense drugs being used is far worse. I used to use a camera shopping website that had a race condition in their product listing/search functionality. Their site was quite slow, and if you tried to have more than one tab open to their site then you would get mixed-up results. The tabs might have the same content, mixed content (eg the breadcrumbs from the other tab), or sometimes nothing at all. This would occur even across a significant period of time, not just if you made the requests at the same time. I struggle to understand how that could even have happened. Were they storing the results of the DB lookup referenced against my IP somehow? You're right on, this is exactly the styling I use with SQL. Indentation makes all the difference in at-a-glance readability. In general I'd say the C-41 kits are relatively simple for someone who's accustomed to B+W development. It comes down to being sure the chemicals are at the proper temperature and that agitation is even. There's much less tolerance for variation compared to B+W but it's still well within the reach of a diligent amateur who focuses on reproducibility and good lab skills. The main requirement is a temperature-controlled hot-water bath for warming the chemicals, which are relatively easy to construct with some creative use of aquarium equipment. Buy yourself a digital thermometer from Amazon to verify your chemical temperatures (you should have one anyway for B+W development). You may also want to consider a rotary development instead of hand agitation. If you can find a "roller base" unit, you can just place a standard developing tank on the rollers and it works fine. I love mine for B+W development too. Works like so. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60rYmqkyfDg E-6 is a little more complex than C-41 and I do not recommend the DIY kits in general. The DIY kits are a simplified 3-bath version of the full 6-bath process and has negative consequences for quality and long-term stability of the resulting slides. Since it's more difficult and the finished product is inferior I recommend just getting it commercially processed. You can send it out at most supermarket photo centers, just mark "E-6 Process" on the "special instructions" box. It all gets sent to a processing company (often Fuji) and they know what to do with it. Nobody does in-house ("1-hour") processing anymore, sadly. The caveat here is that large format has rather shallow depth-of-field, and if you stop way down then diffraction limits your resolution. There is somewhat of a resolution advantage from moving to larger formats, but it's not as large as you'd think when comparing to an equivalent depth-of-field with a smaller format. The counter-caveat is of course that large format is often shot using camera movements that allow the line of focus to be creatively placed to make the most of the smaller depth of field, so stopping down an equivalent amount is not always necessary. 8.1 is better than 7. 10 is better than 8.1 Both simply require ClassicShell to be installed; the actual underlying OS kernel is actually faster and more stable. Like any major OS upgrade, you are better off with a clean install rather than an upgrade. Let the installer run and activate, and then use a boot disk to nuke the system and install a fresh copy. I had a few minor twitches like that too, and they've all gone away after doing a clean install. While HN has definitely identified the problem with adding yet another notation, I think it's fairly straightforward to to remove the "root" operator. Simply use the exponent notation with a power of "1/3". This gets directly at the core concept of what a "root" really is, and it's straightforward to manipulate with addition/multiplication of groups of roots using the normal arithmetic methods. No confirmed technical details yet AFAIK, but it's rumored to be 450-475 mm^2 versus the old 600mm^2. It's also very probably a die-harvest (cores disabled). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_vPro#VNC-based_KVM_remot... There are several single-board computers with various permutations of USB 3.0, GbE, SATA, mSATA, miniPCIe, etc. Check out the ODroid series, Banana Pi Pro, ECS Liva, Jetson TK-1, etc. While I have to acknowledge the RPi's pioneering contributions to the ultra-cheap SBC market, I find it immensely frustrating that it sucks up all of the oxygen on this topic. There are many, many other options at this point and many of them are better choices for the typical "mini Linux server" or "low-power desktop system" use-case. The other bubble that driverless cars are going to pop is ticket revenue. There are a lot of police departments and cities who have structured a lot of their budget on heavy-handed enforcement of motorists. That's going to decline significantly once driverless cars are scrupulously following the rules of the road. And any tickets that get written will be going against a giant corporation like Google, with detailed information about what the car was doing at the time of the supposed infraction, a lot more financial ability to fight the ticket, and a lot more incentive to protect their reputation. Only if the insurer in question is solely involved in auto insurance. From the insurance company's perspective, they need enough of a capital reserve to mitigate the risk of a sudden shock in payouts. Spreading across larger geographic areas mitigates that risk somewhat, as does spreading through multiple businesses. Auto insurance is probably a particularly nice gig since it's relatively unaffected by things like natural disasters and would have a relatively smooth cashflow. So, less capital from auto insurance means more capital has to come from somewhere else - more borrowing, if nothing else. That probably translates into either reduced profitability, or higher premiums on other kinds of insurance. I'm not an actuary by any means, but that's my guess. This is purely opinion-based, but I think the problem is primarily local/city-level. That's where most of the current problem with ticket farming happens, and once driverless cars are commercially available I think it will be relatively unpalatable to ban them at a state level or higher. You can't necessarily remove it. For example, there's a mechanism called the Windows Binary Platform Table that automatically copies an EXE from the UEFI image and executes it with kernel-level privileges on each boot. It's intended to be used to deliver drivers or anti-theft software after a clean install, but Lenovo was using it to deliver malware, and there's nothing you can do about it unless you have a signed image without the malware included. http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/08/12/lenovo-used-a-hidde... Honestly you should not be running a password manager that directly ties into your browser. Period. It's an unnecessary attack surface on a high-value target. Running as a separate application outside the browser is 95% as easy thanks to auto-type. > So should codecs and amps inside of mobile devices. Those things belong with the transducer, so they can be tuned to the characteristics of the transducer. Amplifiers/DACs are not simple devices that can be crammed into a pair of headphones without significant compromises in audio quality. The DAC in an iPhone is acceptable for most uses but an amplifier requires a fairly large quantity of discretes and a large power source to drive many headphones. Here are some pictures of the inside of a minimalist audiophile headphone amplifier (Objective2), and with the DAC daughterboard added: http://teribil-audio.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/D300-766... http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-9lKWLE_sO84/UDUDtC2ApHI/AAAAAAAABB... Furthermore, if the DAC/amp are internal to the headphones then the headphones themselves become significantly more expensive. For high-end usage most users will want to use their DAC/amp with multiple pairs of headphones, it's cost-ineffective to have a $200 DAC/amp unit built in to every single pair of headphones. Consumer gear is also cheaper, but you're still talking about the difference between a pair of headphones costing $30 and costing $50. Also, there's not really any consensus on what "proper tuning" actually means with headphones. Some people like an absolutely flat "reference/analytical" sound, but this is only a small subset of high-end users, and consumer gear is not tuned anywhere near a flat response curve. And it's a highly perception-based area where different individuals hear totally different aspects of headphones, with a high degree of placebo effect. The long-term fix for audiophile users is probably going to be to move to external DAC/amp units rather than integrating the DAC/amp into the headphones. This means yet another thing you have to carry around and keep charged (my Fiio X5ii lasts maybe 6-8h on a charge). I'm not currently aware of any that use Lightning, but if there's a market they will eventually exist. Consumer users probably won't care about the negative impacts on quality too much, but rather about how Lightning headsets are now going to be quite a bit more expensive. I'm just waiting for the day when websites are rendering themselves inside a DRM-protected container in an HTML5 page. That's where I see all of this inevitably heading. DRM-protected media extensions are almost uniquely positioned for this. They're designed around the abilities to uniquely identify the user and resist tampering. The only thing that's missing right now is interactivity. Trump's offer to Kasich (as confirmed by Kasich himself) was that he would be the quote 'most powerful VP in history', in charge of both domestic and foreign policy, while Trump would be in charge of 'making America great again'. So the other poster is exactly right, Trump doesn't have anything at heart beyond self-aggrandizement. http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/07/politics/john-kasich-donald-tr... http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/07/20/trump_repo... You might reasonably expect that Pence was made a similar offer. If that's how it played out, you could probably expect a relatively vanilla foreign policy from Pence. The problem is there's no guarantee that's how it would play out; Trump is narcissistic and unstable. He might actually intend to do that until Pence does something he doesn't like, and then Trump takes the reins back. Pence is actually also a terrible choice and even people in Indiana don't like him. For the record I'm not a Trump fan either. I'd like to reform some stuff like patent law but Trump would burn most of it down. I'm just saying that ~ in theory ~ Pence is an olive branch towards the middle. I don't think Trump will follow up on it in any way, nor will he be elected given the polls. The obvious precedent for variable-pitch blades are variable-pitch propellers on aircraft and helicopters. I don't want to say it's a solved problem for turbos, but there is almost a century's worth of prior art on the topic. That's one of those things that (in hindsight) really makes you wonder what took so long to think up. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Variable-pitch_propeller Kepler was the default GPGPU product for many tasks until GP100 released - and GP100 still has not hit general availability yet. Essentially, anything that needed dynamic parallelism (launching kernels from within kernels, i.e. tasks where you don't know where the difficult/interesting needles are within a haystack), advanced/concurrent scheduling capabilities, or FP64 is going to be much, much better off with Kepler until users can get their hands on GP100 cards. Maxwell is good at neither of those things - it's actually only good at specifically deep learning/neural nets. Which is not every task within the GPGPU space . This is my largest complaint with Windows 10. In particular, it resets file associations on every major patch. Supposedly this is because applications are no longer supposed to set associations themselves, the user is supposed to do it individually for a file of each type through the Windows interface, and Win10 is "fixing broken associations". There's a regedit fix here that worked for me. http://www.winhelponline.com/blog/windows-10-resetting-file-... Steam, and GoG are the only companies who seem to make it stick. On paper, GoG isn't doing things that differently than EA and Ubisoft (just the no-DRM bit, which is admittedly a pretty great selling point), but I think EA and Ubisoft's brands are just so toxic that people are loathe to use them for anything they aren't forced to use them for. I think Facebook runs into much the same problem nowadays. Their brand is just increasingly toxic outside their core business, and the network effect is strong enough that people don't really have much of a choice there. Blizzard is also a player, but like EA and Ubi they only sell their own products through it. Aside: EA has effectively wiped most knowledge of its existence from the Internet, but I remember when EA launched its first Origin platform back around the 2006 era, and then discontinued it a couple years later. I lost all my Battlefield 2 expansions, and I've been incredibly gunshy about them ever since. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battlefield_2#Booster_packs I very much recommend Agner Fog's Microarchitecture. It's a rather ponderous tome, but it is quite simply the definitive resource on the actual design and performance of real-world x86 CPUs. It does have a brief introduction on some of the basic execution fundamentals but then it jumps right in, so you will probably need some external introduction if you are not generally familiar with the topic. http://www.agner.org/optimize/microarchitecture.pdf I think you're thinking of trademark infringement. Copyright infringement would be if Microsoft had used GPL'd code (for example) in violation of its license. I don't think there's any suggestion that's the case here. Your contention that there is a "real thing" would have tremendously negative impacts for the Linux/BSD community. Your typical Linux/BSD contains many utilities that share names and functionality with closed-source System-V utilities but are not in fact the "real thing" (in their case, for licensing purposes). Is everyone supposed to go back and purge those just because they aren't perfectly equivalent in options and functionality to the original System-V, lest someone like the SCO group go after them legally? I don't think there's any doubt that PowerShell provides a bad clone of wget and curl, as there are many complaints about it. And as a matter of user-friendliness there should be a way to easily access the real executable if desired (I can't comment either way on if there is, I don't know PowerShell). However, I see Microsoft as just as within their rights to provide a "wget" alias as a Linux distribution is to provide a "ps" utility to their users. So again, what is the difference between making a new spreadsheet app and calling it "Excel", and reimplementing a suite of smaller applications and reusing all their same names? Say, how coreutils steals the name of a large number of SysV utilities? It certainly feels like there's some kind of a difference between the two, but I can't put my finger on exactly what puts one into either category. IMO it may simply be a matter of willingness to sue/defend your trademark. AT&T didn't defend their trademark and now it's genericized. To throw extra fuel onto the fire, let's add Oracle v Google into this discussion. To me, the coreutils are almost like the API of a programming language - you string together application calls just like function calls, to produce a useful application. Oracle v Google established that the API itself is not copyrightable. Should an attempt to defend based on trademark of the function names have succeeded? If not, what differentiates the "ls" utility from Excel? Largely because Snowden is outside the political reach of the US for the moment, and the USG realizes it would be counterproductive to throw a public temper tantrum about it. If he hadn't fled it's quite likely he would have faced the same kind of treatment as Thomas Drake and William Binney, if not harsher. Counterpoint: you can intermix an insulatory and a crystalline material to form a resistant composite. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pykrete Pykrete-reinforced igloo: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pykrete#/media/File:Ice_Dome_-... "Directional antennas for attacking inbound radar" is essentially what all jamming does. You send emissions of your own that mess up the returns from the radar. This can be as simple as just blasting noise to make the return indistinguishable from the noise, but the ability to send "false" returns has been around for quite a while. I wouldn't be surprised to hear that they could send an out-of-phase signal to cancel the pulse (like noise-cancelling headphones), but the catch would be that the signal probably wouldn't be perfectly cancelled except in a specific direction (back towards the source) and you could probably detect that. As such I would be surprised to see it on the B-2. The other thing is that when stealth aircraft are in civilian space they attach/deploy radar targets that give the aircraft a perceptible return for safety's sake. Un-deploying a radar target would look the same on radar as deploying a "stealth field" so that could be an origin of the rumor... Yeah, they do. The magic keyword is apparently "RCS enhancer". F117: https://books.google.com/books?id=WaedCwAAQBAJ&lpg=PA65&ots=... F22: https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/128js1/how_do_w... Up next week: "The Lost Art Of Rote Memorization". You see, when I was studying for an amateur radio license, I had a realization. Memorizing page after page of meaningless numbers and acronyms could actually instill a sense of curiousity about what those numbers and acronyms meant. What is a sideband and why does it single? Who is a Hertz? Why would I want to limit third-order distortion to below 0.1% of the principal frequency? You see, nobody had ever told me that it might be good to be curious about the thing I'm doing! Sorry, this is meaningless drivel. Yes, you should know what the keywords do in a function declaration, but once you are aware of what 'static' means then typing it yet one more time does not help you whatsoever in the least. Yes, you should know know what various delimeters do in your language, but if you're not sure just go look it up, it doesn't make sense to fight it. The reality is that there are all kinds of things that are best left in reference material. I have the Regular Expression Cheatsheet pinned right next to my desk; I could easily write a regex without it but by having a reference right there I conserve that mental bandwidth for tasks that matter. Pop quiz: which is the code for a word character, \w or \W? Is that something you want to be thinking about while you're also trying to juggle business logic for three other classes? The same thing applies to all kinds of other things. We have documentation for a reason, memorizing the order of function arguments for a function I only use once a year is a waste of brain space. Some functions have all kinds of quirky behavior that you really need to double-check unless you use it daily - for example, anything in the C stdlib. It's not worth introducing bugs for the sake of avoiding using your IDE. It's true that for skilled programmers, most of what we do is thinking about how to solve the problem rather than mechanically typing it in. But that's no reason to make the act of typing it in needlessly difficult . Programmers have been using intelligent assist systems for as long as we have had interactive computer systems, dating right back to vi/emacs macros. These are a good thing: after I've encapsulated fields in getters/setters for my first five classes, the next thousand that I'm going to do over the course of the year buy me nothing, and I might as well let my IDE handle the mechanical act of declaring ten pairs of getters/setters for yet another class. Yeah, morse is a toughie because if you get mentally stuck on a character you will fall behind and start missing even more. But just memorizing the characters isn't enough, you need to be able to mentally relate the sound on the fly. It's really more akin to a language and you need to practice at it. Honestly what I tended to do was pick up 80% of the characters and fill in the last 20% from context, just like filling in unknown words in a sentence out of context. And much like with foreign languages I was better speaking than receiving. If you don't know what "static" means then sure, that's a good thing to learn because it's an important concept to understand how the code will behave. But a lot of programming stuff is either syntax or just convention/The Way It's Done. Why is it static void main(argc, argv) in Java? Well, that's the way C did it. Why did C give main() function arguments, as opposed to (say) environment variables? Well, that's just the way it's done. Why is return 0 success and other values fail? Convention. Why are curly braces used to delimit code and parentheses used to delimit arguments? Because the spec authors said so. Basically, I think most of what constitutes programming can be done without ever typing a line of code. It's the process of decomposing a large task into small, simple ones, in a way that can be processed efficiently. The rest is just notation. Pedagogy is absolutely fine, but at the same time we all stand on the shoulders of giants. Nobody is writing their own TCP/IP stack, we all rely on "copied and pasted" code (encapsulated in a library) so that we can focus on business logic. Obviously if you don't know what you're doing you can easily cause a mess, but the physical act of typing is probably the least important part of programming. Conceptual understanding is what matters, and the random syntax and half dozen keyword modifiers you will learn by typing are not going to push you very far in conceptual understanding. Quite often, given how fast Hybrid Boot is. Nowadays I rarely sleep it, I either want it to leave it churning on an encode or something, or just powered off to come back to a fresh environment. I really only sleep it if I'm absolutely in the middle of something that just cannot be effectively saved. I'm long-since done with Hibernate entirely and have switched it off to reclaim the space used by hiberfil.sys (powercfg /hibernate off). I won't defend the bad UI but you can get to the charm menu just by using Windows+C. Also, installing ClassicShell takes literally thirty seconds and then you have a standard Win7-style UI. The kernel and other OS internals in 8.1 are faster and more stable than 7. If all you need is some quick command-line tools, Cygwin may be right for you (ask your doctor today!). You get POSIX abstractions around your Windows environment/filesystem/etc. I use it every day at work. It's not perfect, but a surprisingly large amount of command-line stuff will run just fine, particularly Python/Perl/anything with its own package management. VS Community Edition is really fantastic, though MS VC++ of course has its own slightly different, not-entirely-compliant take on the C++ standards. Golly, and how do you think your neighbors felt about the house party? Something you'd like going on in your quiet neighborhood, or on the floor above your apartment? Much like how cryptocurrency is a high-speed re-enactment of how and why we developed modern financial institutions and regulations, Airbnb is a high-speed re-enactment of how and why we developed regulations on and protections for transient lodging establishments. Having some sailors come to town and trashing the hotel is nothing new, and neither are the hoteliers thinking that excluding "certain folk" is a good way to limit the damage. Fortunately we have these things called "courts" that are able to apply reason and nuance in combination with logic, with human beings called 'judges' that are able to comprehend a difference between someone who went out to dinner and someone who locked a broom closet to try and falsely claim residence at a property. You're not the first person who has tried to falsely claim residence at a property, it's a very common way to commit tax fraud by claiming homestead exemptions. The courts won't even entertain this sham for a single second. Yup, temporary absences like vacations are perfectly allowable. You just can't say that you reside on a property because you locked up a broom closet, even though you never live there. Yup Brother is the way to go. I have one of their MFP units and it's been rock solid. My parents have been using a printer unit for about a decade now. I wish I had a color laser but it's at least $300 more for an equivalent unit and I just don't care that much anymore. Most of what we'd print are photos and it's cheaper to just go to the supermarket and have them run on a Kodak machine. A couple cents per print = oh well. An inkjet system would probably end up costing us more anyway once you factor in wastage like ink lost to head cleaning. Inkjets are really only economical for people who are using them for color photo prints on a daily basis, and those people are moving to bulk-ink/inktank systems and getting bigtime savings. For everyone else, B+W laser is by far the best solution for "occasional printing" and has really nice bleed/smear resistance, and the Brothers are best-in-class. People are very irrational about gas prices in general. People will often go far out of their way to save an extra five cents a gallon. If you have a large 20-gallon tank, that adds up to a whole dollar saved. Depending on how far out of your way you went, that may not even end up being a savings. The best philosophy is to know where the cheap gas stations are near you. Try to fill up there when you need it, put five bucks of expensive gas in if you're low and you know you're going there soon, but otherwise don't worry about it. It's just not worth going out of your way and it's certainly not worth running out of gas in an effort to save a dollar or two. In business, there's a principle that's something along the lines of "know your business". Your business probably isn't fixing the laser printer when it breaks, or (for smaller businesses) running your own hosting service. It costs money to do those things in-house, so it also makes sense to hire someone else to do it so you don't have to worry about it. People often fail to apply that to their own lives. Some things just aren't worth fretting over when you can throw a bit of money at the problem and make it go away (or significantly reduce the scope of the problem). If owning a Roomba cuts down on vacuuming time by 75% then just pay the money and make the problem go away, your time is worth more than the amortized cost of the roomba. The other one that's really surprising is car repairs. Changing oil is literally a half hour job, and many other repairs boil down to replacing an easily accessible sensor or something. The gains here are large, a garage will hardly look at a car for less than a hundred bucks. It's easy to check Youtube and see videos of someone doing the job. Nobody will ever fess up to ending social security in as many words, but ending the program in its current form as a guaranteed safety net is a plank of the Republican platform. Typically this is coupled with some kind of savings plan along the lines of an individual retirement account, which may retain the name 'social security'. Once the smart-device interface is properly defined and the software is written, the hardware cost should not be a problem. You will end up with some kind of "smart device" router that connects to your internet/home network to talk to the power company, and uses a commodity wifi interface to talk to your smart devices. The cost of an ESP8266 is already sub-$7 at hobbyist volumes, you can expect the additional hardware cost to easily be driven to trivial levels with widespread adoption. The problem is purely in getting a standard system out there and designing devices that incorporate the new control model. The real trick is to shoot from a location with low light-pollution. Urban and suburban areas are incredibly polluted and equipment can't fix a view that just isn't there. In dark-sky areas, the Milky Way is easily visible to the naked eye. The red Hoya Intensifier filter helps somewhat - it cuts out the spectrum that is emitted by sodium-vapor lamps commonly used for street lighting. It's not perfect but it helps. You either need to use a fast enough shutter speed that you won't get star traces from the Earth's rotation, or get a tracking mount that can follow the rotation. High ISOs (high sensor sensitivity) are really helpful for keeping the shutter speeds down. Modern cameras have made huge progress on high-ISO performance with good noise levels. The Sony A7S is particularly good. For Milky Way photography you will want a fast wide-angle lens. Astrophotography is considered one of the most challenging tasks for a lens because you'll be shooting near wide open. Modern computer-aided-design lenses with exotic glass and aspheric surfaces significantly outperform older lenses. I am a big fan of Samyang's lineup, their lenses are top-notch for reasonable prices. The appliances won't talk to the power company, they'll talk to the appliance hub. The appliance hub will be the one with the logic to handle temporarily raising the thermostat or whatever, and will handle the internet connection. Also, using a website or other resource run by the power company is still talking to the power company. Not sure ho else you could have parsed that, but you clearly had some crossed wires there. The BaoFeng units have improperly filtered outputs with a lot of harmonic splatter. In my experience the best places for bacon are at independent grocers. Both of them carry bacon in the cool cases like other meats, not behind the deli counter. One was $5 per pound and the other was $4.50 per pound. It's just plain bacon, not the fancy smoked kind, but it's massively better than the usual Hormel stuff. Both of them also carry ends-and-pieces for even cheaper. Some of the packages have pretty big pieces, like third or half slices. Tends to be a bit fattier overall but that may be to some people's tastes. De-aligning the visions and incentives of the many states is not a particularly desirable end-goal. For a sample of the result, one only needs to look at the European Union. For all its faults, legislation in the US is not approved or denied on the basis of whether it will let some states "get ahead" and so on. When a state gets nailed by an earthquake or a hurricane we provide military assistance and financial relief and get on with it. The EU does not act in this fashion because they have strong sovereign states who act in their own interest, and are much the worse for it. When an EU member state gets something like a refugee crisis all the other member states just tell them it's their problem and they need to deal with it. They view monetary policy in the light of which member states it will benefit and which it will harm. They can't even raise an effective Federal military force. Frankly this type of government already failed as the Articles of Confederation and the Federal system was drafted as a response, but that still doesn't stop some people from clamoring for its return. The Federal system already contains numerous sops to the interests of states, and should not be weakened further. The House of Representatives already does a pretty good job of representing geographic areas. That's somewhat contrarian since people think of the Senate as the one that's supposed to represent geographic areas (states), but in modern times the House represents the geographic areas (large sparsely-populated areas with conservative membership) and the Senate represents the actual popular vote (nationwide, moderately liberal by a small margin but highly concentrated in urban areas). This is amplified somewhat by gerrymandering, but the truth is that congressional districts are inherently geographic areas and that's the feature the representation conforms to. If you wanted the House of Representatives to be restored to its original vision, you would need to do exactly what the topic suggests and massively increase the number of representatives to drive the error caused by districting down to a reasonable level. That would be very different from any other large-scale government and would be ruled by informal power structures inside the parties, at which point you might as well just go to a parliamentary system. While we're on the topic, if I could change one simple feature of US politics it would be for Senators to serve 4 year terms, with every state electing one senator every 2 years. The current system of 6-year terms sucks because parties very predictably dominate presidential elections and off-year elections, and you end up with Senators who are thrown out based only on the fact that they now face an opposite electoral climate from the one they were elected in, that will inevitably reverse on the next 6-year term cycle. There is a huge amount of "churn" here that in my opinion serves no purpose. These are common questions of fault that are trivially resolved in any motor accident. Someone or something is in control of the vehicle and can be assigned fault. Or in some situations, everyone is at fault and the shares of fault are determined. If the system is operating autonomously, then the fault lies with the system. Failing to leave sufficient following distance is a common cause of accident and almost always results in fault being found with that driver. This would not change if the driver was a computer system. However - side note - objects that project from the rear of a vehicle must be flagged using a red cloth. So if the truck were operating with an unflagged load then they could be the party at fault! If the occupant takes the vehicle out of autonomous mode, then fault would lie with the occupant, unless it was to avoid some kind of impending accident in which cause the situation would have to be examined in detail. Erm, apart from the punitive damages this is pretty much any product liability suit. If you make life-critical systems and your product fails you are getting sued out the wazoo - which is why many products will specifically state that they are not to be used in life-critical systems. Most mechanical equipment is not reviewed on a case-by-case basis by a regulatory industry; however aircraft incidents are. Aircraft products - meaning any product that is used on an aircraft, right down to the bolts attaching the overhead bins - are expected to be serviceable in "expected conditions of flight". If they are not, the manufacturer is subject to compensatory and even punitive damages [1]. Manufacturers can even be liable for their design decisions, unless the design decisions are specifically constrained by regulations. Obtaining product certification is a strong indicator that a product is compliant, but it may nevertheless expose the manufacturer to liability [2]. These are obviously difficult standards to meet, but they are appropriate when life-critical systems are in question. [1] http://www.dailyreportingsuite.com/products-liability/news/_... [2] http://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/x/429650/Aviation/FAA+Wei... > In response to the third and final question, the FAA explains that because an aircraft type certificate embodies the FAA's determination that an aircraft, engine, or propeller design complies with federal standards, it can play an important role in determining whether a manufacturer breached a duty owed to the plaintiff. The type certificate does not create a per se bar to suit, but ordinary conflict preemption principles apply to the particular design-defect claim. According to the FAA, the type certificate will preempt a state tort suit only where compliance with both the certificate and the claims made in the tort suit "is a physical impossibility" or where the claims "stand as an obstacle to the accomplishment of the full purposes and objectives of Congress."7 > Where the FAA has expressly approved the specific design aspect that a plaintiff challenges, that claim would be preempted. On the other hand, where the FAA has left a particular design choice to a manufacturer's discretion, and no other conflict exists, the type certificate does not preempt a design-defect claim. In other words, where the FAA has not made an affirmative determination with respect to the challenged design, and has left that design aspect to the manufacturer's discretion, the claim would proceed by reference to the federal standards of care found in the Act and its implementing regulations. ... > The difficulty in applying the FAA's views on preemption to product claims lies in the fact that aircraft design specifications rarely require a specific design, but are instead couched in terms of performance or safety outcomes. For example, the certification standards for a stall warning system in a Part 23 aircraft requires "a clear and distinctive stall warning, with the flaps and landing gear in any normal position, in straight and turning flight" by a system "that will give clearly distinguishable indications under expected conditions of flight."9 A type certificate issued for a Part 23 aircraft would presumptively mean the FAA determined that the aircraft complied with these standards at the time the design was certified. However, would the type certificate preclude all product liability claims based on a defective stall warning system? What if the certification was actually wrong and the system did not comply with the standard when the FAA already said that it did? Can this type of claim actually be litigated or is it preempted? > Additionally, what if the claimed defect was that the stall warning system did not provide a warning when operated outside certification limits such as weight, speed, or center of gravity? Are these conditions outside the "expected conditions of flight" and therefore no federal standard exists? The FAA's Letter Brief to the Third Circuit in Sikkelee does not provide clear answers in the context of product liability litigation. Courts will continue to struggle with deciding these difficult issues in the future. Exactly. Consumers have no insight into the design process, they have no ability to affect the operation of the autonomous mode, it's insane to assign them liability. Once the car comes out of autonomous mode we can assign them some liability, depending on the situation. If the car crashes you die. > A life-critical system or safety-critical system is a system whose failure or malfunction may result in one (or more) of the following outcomes: > death or serious injury to people, > loss or severe damage to equipment/property > environmental harm Ah, the awkward old dance where two people try to walk through the doorway and end up mirroring each other's movements trying to get out of each other's way... The aviation world actually solved this problem a long time ago. Everyone turns to their right. FAR 91.113: > (e) Approaching head-on. When aircraft are approaching each other head-on, or nearly so, each pilot of each aircraft shall alter course to the right (among other collision-avoidance regs in that section) There's nothing stopping you from using an amend-commit and just adding every change as you go, as long as you never push to other people. That's the exact veneer that gitless provides, albeit it renames what some of the commands do. That's a personal problem. Don't blame the tooling for a bad coworker. As long as a change or refactoring stands independently of the intended feature change, there is often value in keeping that fine-grained version history. It replicates your thought process at the time in the history messages, gives more manageable git-bisects, etc. If you can't reliably look at the modified files and pick out what changes stand independently then this approach is obviously not for you, or at least you're gonna need some help from your tooling. TeamCity has the concept of a 'delayed commit' that is submitted as a patch and tests are run. If the tests fail the patch is not accepted. You can also do a ghetto version of this in any system just by running a local copy of your CI server. Push to its repository target and have it run the tests. If it works push it out to the real build server, if not then there's no problem just force-pushing an amended commit since everything is still local. Alternately you can commit the independent changeset and then stash everything else and run a build/test. Obviously you can't always pull out an independent changeset and in those cases you should commit the whole thing at once. But a lot of times it's not actually that difficult to identify independent steps that could be built/tested independently. I don't know what world you're living in but I have a side business selling on eBay and my fiance runs an Etsy store and the Post Office's service is head-and-shoulders above that of private carriers. I suspect you don't have any experience in this area and based on your other posting you seem ideologically motivated. In practical terms, USPS package shipping rates are typically 1/2 to 1/3 of those of an equivalent service from a private carrier. It's often cheaper to send something via USPS 2-day than via UPS/Fedex ground service. Their bulk rates are even cheaper - Media Mail is usually the only cost-effective way to ship textbooks for example. And Fedex/UPS simply have no service that competes with first-class or second-class mail. In fact USPS's service is so effective that UPS and Fedex actually piggyback on their service to save money. Fedex and UPS will get the mailpiece to the local post office and the post office will handle the last-mile delivery. This is called SmartPost service and I can tell you from experience that the private carrier's involvement significantly worsens the quality of service. It often spends multiple weeks in the hands of the private carrier and I've noticed significantly more damage to mailpieces with it. They also provide subpar customer support on these packages, you cannot refuse delivery or do other basic postal operations with these packages. The opinion of the private carriers essentially seems to be that the blame will fall on the postal service so quality of service is irrelevant. Nobody is perfect, and all carriers are subject to variation in the quality of the last-mile delivery. If your USPS or UPS or FedEx guy is particularly terrible then you will get damaged packages. There's a standard tech-nerd bias that assumes that technology will always save us, but just throwing electronics at the problem doesn't necessarily solve anything. For example, the Army found that using glass cockpits doubled or quadrupled the accident rates in UH-60 and OH-58 aircraft respectively, increased it by ~30% in the AH-64, and reduced it by ~40% in the CH-47. http://oai.dtic.mil/oai/oai?verb=getRecord&metadataPrefix=ht... http://www.usaarl.army.mil/TechReports/2001-12.PDF A five-year NTSB study found that although glass cockpits had twice the incidence rate of fatal accidents. The study concluded that glass cockpits do not show a safety benefit. This remains the position of the NTSB. http://www.ntsb.gov/safety/safety-studies/Documents/SS1001.p... http://www.ntsb.gov/news/events/Documents/2010_Glass_Cockpit... http://www.ntsb.gov/safety/safety-recs/recletters/A-10-036-0... The reality is that simpler is sometimes better. Mechanical instruments each do one thing and they do it well. Vacuum-driven systems are simple and extremely reliable. You cannot fly a 100% glass cockpit, period. What glass cockpits really do well is information integration. That makes it easier to surface relevant information for the pilot but it also means that pilots have to handle more complex systems that are throwing more information at them, and yet also may not be throwing the right information at them. This is an inherently one-way street, the reason we have the instruments we do is because they're relevant , you can't go hiding relevant information from the pilot. As such, NASA recgonizes that glass cockpits and cockpit automation impose a higher cognitive load on pilots. It's very simple and straightforward to interact with a traditional cockpit, but with a more advanced cockpit you also need to have a correct mental model of what's happening in the background, otherwise "cognitive mismatch" will result. Just like any other abstraction - it's nice when they work but all abstractions are "leaky" to some degree or other and you need to know how it works and be able to route around the problem to fix the cases where it fails. The long and short here is that experience and frequent training are the key factors in aviation safety and glass cockpits actually increase the requirements in this area. They're nice when they work but they certainly are no panacea. http://human-factors.arc.nasa.gov/flightcognition/research/s... https://www.thinkmind.org/download.php?articleid=achi_2012_1... Proper project scoping (or to rephrase: identifying the true core business needs) is truly one of the hardest problems in tech. Over-scoping makes you end up with a ponderous system that doesn't serve core business needs very well, while underscoping can lock you into poor initial decisions that cripple your ability to expand into other related functionality. What's the expression? "Plan your system for 100x growth, but build your system for 10x growth". Something like that except for functionality rather than scalability. That and supporting the system. Junior engineers tend to think about building the tech, which is honestly the easy part. Keeping it working until the last of your customers are finally ready to upgrade 10 years later is harder than junior engineers tend to think. Just because it's classified now doesn't mean that it was classified at the time it was sent. And in fact it's possible for an email to be retroactively classified after the fact. A document doesn't even have to contain classified information to be retroactively classified. For example, let's say a merchant who once gave the USG a tip on something sensitive is petitioning the State Department for the release of some of his goods that are being unreasonably tied up in Customs. Someone else does a reply-all "oh yeah that guy has been helpful to us in the past, let's see what we can do for him" - thus revealing past involvement in a classified matter. Boom, that first email is actually now classified - despite the fact that it itself contains no sensitive information - because someone could look at that conversation and discern from the fact that it suddenly became classified that this obviously somehow had to do with a classified matter. The standards for handling classified materials are extremely strict and there's lots of ways to end up with classified materials in unclassified places that don't rise to the standard of gross negligence. The people involved are public figures whose job title straddles classified and unclassified spheres, they can't be locked inside a SCIF indefinitely, and reasonableness has to be viewed in that light. This is exactly the problem that XMPP is designed to solve. You pick an XMPP provider who you trust, and you can get cross-provider traffic through XMPP Federation. One of the largest XMPP providers is Google Talk, which lets you hook right into the standard GChat. The problem is precisely that people keep re-inventing the wheel here. We don't need Facebook Chat and all the other deliberately-incompatible protocols that keep getting built out, we just need people to implement XMPP. Lens speed is not the end-all be-all of photography. The 24-105L is significantly longer and has image stabilization. Sometimes the ability to handhold with a shutter speed 2-3 stops slower trumps the ability to increase the shutter speed 1 stop. IS lenses are generally considered better for all-around photography, particularly for subjects which do not move like landscapes. Faster lenses give you more ability to stop the action of a moving subject and a shallower depth of field (given equivalent focal length). The 24-105L is probably the most solid general-purpose lens for a full-frame in Canon's lineup, it's silly to disregard it just because they offer a bundle with full-frame bodies. The reason the 50/1.8 gets recommended is cost, full stop. It's the only prime in Canon's lineup that you can get for $100, and as a prime it is naturally better than all but the most expensive zooms. 80mm equivalent is a good length for portraiture but it's not particularly good as an all-around focal length. Nikon has an APS-C format normal lens and that is the standard recommendation for that system. Pentax has a 35/2.4 lens and that is the standard recommendation for that system. Canon's lack of an affordable normal prime is a glaring weakness in the lineup and one of the reasons I eventually moved on to a NEX - you could get a 35mm and a 19mm prime for less than I could get a single 40/2.8 in the Canon system. The 40/2.8 is the closest thing to a normal lens in Canon's lineup. But 40mm is still significantly longer than 35mm, and since Canon uses smaller 1.6x crop sensors instead of the industry-standard 1.5x crop sensors we are talking about going from a 50mm equivalent on other systems to a 64mm equivalent on Canon. That's still too long for a normal lens, it's not particularly fast at f/2.8, and it's more expensive than a Nikon 35/1.8 DX or a Pentax DA 35/2.4, but it's the least-bad option in the Canon stable. My personal opinion is that Canon's lineup is heavily geared towards professional users, particularly full-frame users. They have nice L-series glass and their primes are well-placed for full frame users, but they just don't have many low-cost options for entry level users. There's no EF-S 12mm, 14mm 17mm, 22mm, or 32mm, all crucial focal lengths. Nor are there any cheap APS-C long primes. And their electronic aperture impairs the ability to use manual lenses like the excellent Samyang series, which could otherwise fill in some of these gaps. While "angle of view" is the technically correct way to think of this, very few people actually think that way, myself included. It's pretty much limited to people who work heavily with large format and use multiple formats. "35mm equivalent" focal lengths and "crop factors" are by far the most common ways to mentally visualize this. It's not entirely a direct conversion since not every format is a 3:2 ratio like 35mm is - for example 6x7 feels tighter because it's much closer to a square format. My 55mm lens is technically closer to a 22-mm equivalent in diagonal FoV but it feels like a 28mm does on 35mm. I think it's honestly a shame that primes have died out. Dollar for dollar, most primes are massively better performers than zooms in terms of sharpness and aperture. Even the number "50mm" is massively debated. The 51.6mm number is drawn from the focal length of classic Leica normal lenses, which is 100% arbitrary. There's pretty strong arguments that something more like 43mm is the normal focal length for 35mm. And designing lenses with adequate coverage for 35mm as well as a sufficient flange distance to clear a SLR mirror was definitely a problem back in the day. Older "normal" lenses for SLRs used to commonly be 55mm or even 58mm. Wide angle-lenses suffered a similar problem, and for a great while rangefinder lenses (or similar lenses that protruded into the mirror cavity of a SLR) were the dominant options for wide angle photography. It took quite a while to develop good "retrofocal" lenses where the optical center is actually behind the lens (basically the opposite of the telephoto lens where the optical center is in front of the lens). The very first examples of the type are the Angénieux retrofocus and the Voigtländer Prominent's Skoparon, both introduced in 1950. The Skoparon design was essentially a Tessar lens backwards and went on to be one of the earliest wide-angle lenses used in SLRs, notably as the Asahi Pentax 35mm f/3.5. It had an extremely long lifespan, in its medium-format variant (Pentax 75mm f/4.5) it continued to be produced until around 2000. The funny thing is it all happened because Voigtländer patented it for rangefinders but neglected to patent it for SLRs! The other thing to remember about 50mm-ish macro lenses is that it's still somewhat reasonable to build a helicoid that can get out to 1:1 reproduction without extension tubes. I have a 50mm and a 90mm that will both go to 1:1 reproduction on their own, and I can tell you that while the 50mm may be somewhat ungainly the 90mm is absolutely absurd when you crank it all the way out. The 50mm uses a double helicoid, the 90mm is actually four helicoids running inside each other. Realistically it would have to work the same way as spam filtering does for email. Come to think of it, it's surprising that spamming is not more prevalent on SMS networks, because it's the same kind of federated system. But I guess access may be gated well enough and enforcement strong enough to prevent that. This measurement is going to be biased somewhat towards zoom lenses because they cover multiple focal lengths in a single lens. In other words you might have a 24mm, a 50mm, and a 70mm prime lens that each get 1/3 of your time but if you were using a 24-70mm lens instead then all of those would count as one lens. It's by no means entirely inaccurate, zoom lenses are very popular now, and there's still some merit in seeing which lenses are actually on cameras most of the time. Just bear in mind that slicing them in this way is inherently a little biased to certain lenses rather than slicing them based on some other dimension like focal length of the shot. I had a friend who mentioned that it was very difficult to get the 64-cores Parallellas with fully-functional Epiphany-IV chips. Are these yield problems going to continue with Epiphany-V or can we expect a full 1024 functional cores per chip? I'm not the person you responded to but I would assume that it would look like any other service that uses a different protocol or format on the front-end than the back-end. E.g. a REST service that talks JSON on the front end but speaks SQL to a database. So they have an XMPP backend that uses a translation layer to send a custom AJAX or socket-based protocol to the browser. Yeah, I was pretty sure that Facebook was just using straight-up XMPP at one point in time. They have been actively trying to drive traffic to their Facebook Messenger app - first by shutting down their XMPP interface, then blocking applications that talk to their web interface, and finally by removing Facebook Messenger functionality from their mobile website. The reality is that it's too late at this point. The easy fixes might have worked if we could get worldwide buy-in 20 years ago but short of a planetary-scale engineering project or outright banning fossil fuel usage we're in for some bad times even before we factor in economic growth from India, China, and Africa. Levelling off is no longer good enough, it's too late for that, we need a massive decrease in global carbon emissions. And beyond that we need to start thinking about levelling out energy consumption entirely, even independent of CO2 emissions. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc1vrO6iL0U Classic Newsroom clip but fact-checked as accurate, minus the hyperbole at the end about permanent darkness. We're already seeing majorly shifting weather patterns, movement of the jet stream, droughts, unprecedented wildfires, etc. We're already starting to see the first major cities lost due to rising sea levels - Miami is already sinking beneath the seas and it's only a matter of time before it exceeds the limits of engineering to fix it. It's built on porous limestone and borders directly on hundreds of square miles of swamp, so it's something of a worst-case scenario. You can't pump out water when it just comes right back in through the limestone, and even if you could we would be talking about hundreds of times as much wall as the Netherlands uses. Every single building in Miami will need to be elevated Chicago/Seattle style or abandoned within the next decade or two. Otherwise people are going to start leaving rather quickly once the sewers start backflowing on a regular basis. All of modern society is built on the shoulders of sanitation infrastructure and it's going to get nasty once it stops working. http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2014/11/climate-desk-... https://newrepublic.com/article/123216/miami-sinking-beneath... I wish I had something positive to say like "maybe this will finally get us to proactively solve our problems instead of assuming they can always be fixed at some future date" but I don't actually believe that will happen. We are unwilling to systematically factor in future risks into present costs. Heck, even we as a community don't do it properly - how many times are we going to get hacked before we learn to lock things down from day 1? Sorry to be pessimistic but that's the reality at this point. Objections to this are political slant and wishful thinking. The US military's job is to be apolitical and make realistic assessments about future threats to our nation, and they're planning for increased levels of conflict due to climate change in the 21st century. It's happening and it's going to suck pretty bad. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-climatechange-idUSKCN1... http://www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2016/10/u-s-intel-alert-cl... >> Not sure how this would even be accomplished. Essentially an end to fossil-fuel combustion as far as is technologically feasible. A large-scale rollout of nuclear power, replacing literally everything, with enough capacity to cover the peaks. Large-scale electric vehicle rollout where feasible, large-scale synthetic-liquid fuel (derived from nuclear energy and atmospheric sources) rolled out where direct electric is infeasible (colder climates and aircraft). http://scitation.aip.org/content/aip/journal/jrse/4/3/10.106... There is no technical impediment to a large-scale nuclear rollout. We literally have unlimited power at our fingertips and we cannot find the will to use it. The only thing we need is the political will to solve the waste disposal problem - which is another of those problems that humanity refuses to solve until their house is burning down. Between reprocessing and our geologically-sound repositories we can easily solve the problem until we have cheap and reliable launch capability in 50-100 years (eg launch loop) and launch it into the sun. Arguably we have that now - the Atlas-V has done 106 consecutive successful launches now. This is actually why I say that we need to solve energy consumption on a long-term basis as well. Nuclear is so good that we will literally poison our planet with waste heat unless we preemptively solve that problem. Depending on your figures the impact of waste heat is between 1% and 50% as significant as the greenhouse impact of fossil fuels. The number varies based on how much of the atmosphere you are considering venting the heat towards - a vast majority of our energy is dissipated within say 100 meters of the surface and a vast majority occurs in cities that make up say 1% of the total surface area. We can certainly bring everyone up to a first-world standard of living but we can't continue indefinite population growth and indefinite per-capita increases in energy consumption. A 25-100x increase in total energy consumption can easily happen within a few decades if we continue to allow population to boom while also increasing per-capita consumption, both at exponential rates. Exponential growth happens fast . https://www.skepticalscience.com/waste-heat-global-warming.h... http://www.drroyspencer.com/2013/01/waste-heat-as-a-contribu... Doubtful. If you read the fine print you have always agreed to a data cap ("reasonable" data usage which they defined as 300 GB per month). They just didn't enforce it in most markets. Do you mean data transfer caps? That's what we are discussing here. You can buy unmetered shared hosting (famously, Dreamhost) or even unmetered servers/rackspace. The problem is that at the end of the day everyone involved knows it's an illusion. You can't sell an infinite quantity of data and so any service is oversold to some degree. And since transfer is just the integration of bandwidth consumption, so there are hard limits to what you could ever push through a given server (though the service will ask you to fuck off long before this point). Furthermore, servers are largely business-driven. Pretend "unlimited" hosting is fine for toy projects but in business long load times or outages are lost money, so reliability is a must and SLAs are the order of the day. Nobody will sign a SLA on "unlimited", bandwidth (to handle peaks) is more important than transfer anyway, and the larger your needs the more you will pay. Every dollar you spend on wasted capacity is a dollar that comes out of your profit. Anyway, what it largely comes down to is that consumer internet access is a "best-effort" service and that's not acceptable in a datacenter. Data still costs money to deliver even in a "best-effort" service but it's super minimal. The marginal cost of a gigabyte of data is around a tenth of a cent per gigabyte. All of the cost is in the last-mile infrastructure, so overage charges are just a cash grab. I would be perfectly fine with being billed at say $15/mo for hookup plus actual data charges but that's not what's being offered here. And on the flip side, the P-51 Mustang took 149 days from placement of the order to the flight of the first prototypes (and the near-immediate order of a run of 300 further aircraft for evaluation). I'm not disagreeing with you that a test firing is vastly different from serial production, but the F-35 is the poster child for an unreasonably protracted and dysfunctional development process. It's a massively complex system with a dozen different major players all trying to pull it in conflicting directions with dozens of contractors all trying to make sure they diffuse the project across all 435 Congressional districts. The overall implication that because the F-35 is a trainwreck that it's not possible to ever develop a weapons system on a fast timeframe - that I disagree with. The fact that we are dysfunctional does not make everyone else so. You would probably have to be going with an ablative approach at that point. Letting a sacrificial material like ceramic or injected water vaporize. It's not enough to withstand a high temperature, or to try and move the heat away from the surface. At some point you need to dissipate that heat somehow or the payload will just melt. A material undergoing phase change is one of the most efficient ways to do it. This is why ice is so much more effective at cooling a drink than one of those hokey "whiskey stones". Breitbart is a tabloid that pretends to respectability, much like the British tabloid The Daily Mail. They use that respectability to push their (explicit, strong) slant. If you're comparing CNN and Breitbart then their camouflage is sucessful. Benefit of the doubt needs to be earned. I mean, hopefully you are not taking supermarket-checkout tabloids at face value, right? CNN may be terrible journalism that's full of softballs and "clickbait" but at the end of the day the things they report are true and when they're not they retract them. Can't say the same about Breitbart in the least. Similarly, we should also cover the cost of insurance to cover areas contaminated from coal fly ash spills (including waste seepage downstream, not just direct coverage). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingston_Fossil_Plant_coal_fly... If other power sources had to factor in the full costs of such contamination they would be uneconomical as well. We need to have power if we want to have nice things, it's purely a question of figuring out how to do it in the most responsible way possible. For that matter we should probably also factor in upstream contamination - landscape destruction due to large-scale strip mining for coal [1], or pollution from lithium/neodymium refining and silicon fabrication. These are measures where uranium mining has essentially zero pollution but both coal, solar, and wind all have fairly significant pollution footprints. [1] 1 year's supply of fuel for a 100MW (?) power plant visualized, coal vs nuclear: http://i.imgur.com/Qst8z.gif Solving energy storage on that level is a non-trivial task. People don't understand just how energy-dense liquid and solid fuels are, but you essentially need geological-scale solutions in order to replace them (pumped-storage hydro or compressed-air in deep caverns). Those require specific geological formations and in the case of pumped-storage hydro has a pretty negative environmental footprint. You take a mountain range and you flood it and drain it on a daily basis, anything that used to be there is now underwater half the time. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pumped-storage_hydroelectricit... There is about 740 TWh of pumped-storage capacity available worldwide. If we gave every single US household a Tesla Powerwall (6.4 KWh) it would add up to 0.7936 TWh of capacity. If we keep the US average of 2.55 people per household and scale that up to the 7.4 billion people worldwide (2.89 billion households) that's still only 18.49 TWh. One per person worldwide, 44.8 TWh. Maybe double that if we give every person on the planet an electric car that's tied into the grid too. So if we gave every person a Powerwall, that's 6% of the presently extant pumped-storage capacity. And it's certainly not like we've made any sort of systematic attempt to fully exploit pumped storage, if we are doing worldwide solutions then we can go a lot farther on the other side of the equation too. Again, people vastly underestimate just how great liquid fuels are at storing energy in comparison to how shitty batteries are. We're talking about liquid fuels having more than 100x the energy density of a lithium-ion battery here. Batteries are convenient from a design perspective but they are wildly inefficient from a density perspective. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_density If anything, the advent of cheap clean electricity from nuclear should shift us toward synthetic liquid fuels for the energy density involved. There's nothing stopping you from pulling carbon out of the air and synthesizing it back into a long-chain hydrocarbon. It's also significantly cleaner than fossil-derived fuel. The Fischer-Tropsch process has been around for a century and there's lots of neat modern tweaks to it. It just takes a lot of energy (more than you get out of it obviously) but if we have lots of nuclear power then why not use it as a dense energy-store over batteries? It saves us a heck of a lot of rebuilding infrastructure too. Yep, and of course you have very different design goals for a submarine than you would have in a fixed installation (long time between refuelings, compactness, etc). They're also based on designs which were intended to breed plutonium. There's a lot which we could improve on if we were doing a clean-slate redesign of our nuclear power infrastructure with an eye towards power generation rather than military purposes. Unfortunately it's very difficult to realize those reforms with the rampant NIMBYism surrounding nuclear power. We can't even build plants that use upgraded versions of existing technology let alone plants that are running on novel technologies. They sometimes get pilot plants but they never make it out of the prototype stage. Where does the lithium or neodymium come from? Those have to be mined too. > The Chinese Society of Rare Earths estimated that the refinement of one ton of rare earth metals results in 75 cubic meters of acidic wastewater and one ton of radioactive residue. The 1998 leak of hundreds of thousands of gallons of radioactive wastewater into a nearby lake was a contributing factor to Molycorp’s shutdown in 2002. http://blogs.ei.columbia.edu/2012/09/19/rare-earth-metals-wi... And with those materials (and especially with coal) we're talking about entirely different scales of material. A couple dozen tonnes of uranium will run a reactor for a year. You need millions of tonnes of coal to produce an equivalent amount of power. As for where, the interesting thing about uranium is that it's pretty much everywhere. Nobody really prospects for it because it's not commercially valuable. Let's say you go prospecting, and you find a big deposit, then you spend a bunch of money starting up a mining operation. Who's going to buy mass quantities of your uranium? What do you do with it? Beyond nuclear activity and a few things that need super-dense weights for balance, nobody uses it for anything. Why would you even bother prospecting for it? Canada actually has larger feasibly-recoverable uranium reserves than Niger does. Russia has more than Canada. Australia has more than four times as much as Niger. The US has about half as much. And because it's not really something people go looking for, it's quite likely that there are other large deposits that nobody has found yet. http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-largest-uranium-reser... This also has some interesting implications for the cost of nuclear fuel. Fuel costs are essentially rounding errors in the total cost of operating a nuclear power plant (14% including refining). This means that you can withstand massive flunctuations in fuel costs with very little impact on energy prices. There's actually a huge amount of uranium diluted in seawater. It currently costs twice as much to extract it as it does for terrestrial deposits, but that's a massive quantity if we needed it. About 4 billion tons total (vs 1.7 million tons of known deposits in Australia). And as you extract it, it'll leach from deep-sea rocks which contain about 100 trillion tons total. http://www.forbes.com/sites/jamesconca/2016/07/01/uranium-se... You know when a guest just won't catch a hint and leave? "Oops the internet went out again". Assange has been couch-surfing for 6 years now and by all accounts he's not a particularly good house guest. Nobody likes that arrogant asshole who gets drunk and smashes up your furniture. [1] Sure, he doesn't have anywhere to go, but at the end of the day that's not Ecuador's problem. He's thrown himself on their good graces and he's not being very gracious about it. Indeed he's even working with Russia to stir up trouble - not just publishing Russian-sourced material, but working directly with Russia, to the extent that RT was linking into Wikileaks content even before Wikileaks announced they were up [2] I imagine the police reports filed earlier this month alleging that he was trying to groom an 8-year-old for sex online aren't helping matters either [3]. That's very possibly the direct catalyst for cutting off his internet at this juncture. On a personal level I do feel bad for Assange. It can't be easy to be in de-facto house arrest in someone else's house for 6 years, so it's not surprising that he's succumbing to some potential alcohol-related issues and lashing out on a personal and professional basis. [1] https://www.buzzfeed.com/jamesball/mr-white-and-mr-blue > A security guard was on duty at around 8:30pm on 6 September, when Assange was in the embassy with two associates. Around this time, the guard discovered that Assange had made his way into the embassy’s secure control room – a room strictly off-limits to him – and started tampering with the security equipment. This led to a scuffle between Assange and the guard that caused damage to the embassy’s equipment. > The report then details conflicting accounts of what happened. According to the security guard’s account, Assange was asked to stop messing with the embassy’s systems and to leave the secure room, which he initially refused to do. The guard alleges that Assange then punched over a computer monitor before grabbing him by the shirt. This led, according to the guard, to an altercation for a number of minutes that spilled out into the corridor. > Assange’s account lays the blame on the security guard, who he claimed had accosted him. > A filmmaker who was present for the incident, the report notes, told embassy staff he did not see the beginning of the scuffle, but that Assange was “out of control” and very upset, and clearly wanted to be verbally offensive and to provoke a reaction. > However, just a few months later a separate report notes a similar incident of seemingly erratic behaviour from the WikiLeaks chief shortly before dawn on 4 January 2013. The report painstakingly notes Assange’s movements from minute to minute – further evidence of how closely the Ecuadorians monitored “Mr Guest” – reporting that he seemed to wake at 6:05 that morning. Then, just five minutes later, the security guard heard a loud crash from Assange’s room. > The report painstakingly notes Assange’s movements from minute to minute – further evidence of how closely the Ecuadorians monitored “Mr Guest” – reporting that he seemed to wake at 6:05 that morning. Then, just five minutes later, the security guard heard a loud crash from Assange’s room. > Assange came to the door, assuring the on-duty guard that everything was fine, but (according to the guard’s account) seeming to try to block his view of the room’s interior. A few minutes later, Assange left the room carrying his laptop into a nearby room designated as his bathroom, where he remained for a period of hours. > During this time, the memo continues, the guard was able to see inside Assange’s bedroom, where a large, smashed bookshelf was strewn across the room. The guard took photographs of the room’s condition. > Assange later told embassy staff that the bookshelf had fallen over of its own accord, according to the same memo, but this seemingly did little to assuage their concerns about the wellbeing of Assange or those around him. As before, the incident was passed up the embassy’s chain of command – reference is made to a daily report on his activities – including, once again, “Mr White” and “Mr Blue”. > The report notes with concern a regular comment in “internal daily reports” on Assange recording his tendency to “shout and talk incoherently” at night, attributed to night terrors. It then goes on to note: “This episode is nothing more than the result of the stress that Mr Assange could be feeling as a result of his isolation. > The report continues in quite a critical manner as to Assange’s intrinsic “nature”, independent of his stressful situation, stating that his “evident anger” and “feelings of superiority” could cause stress to those around him — “especially the personnel who work in the embassy, mainly women”. > The report contains multiple recommendations to improve the situation, including a proposal from “Mr Blue” for regular assessments of Assange’s physical and mental health, regular meetings with Assange’s confidantes to assess his demeanour and state of mind, and efforts to prevent Assange becoming isolated. > The report also notes a need to “control access to alcohol”. [2] http://usuncut.news/2016/10/13/breaking-evidence-russia-is-b... > RT America tweeted with a link to the documents at 6:09 AM. However, WikiLeaks had not yet announced the release. They didn’t do so, in fact, until 23 minutes later. > How did RT America know that the emails were being released and how did they know where to find the documents? It’s looking more and more like Julian Assange and WikiLeaks are working directly with the Russian government to destroy the Democratic presidential candidate. [3] http://www.prweb.com/releases/united-nations-report/julian-a... > Toddandclare became a participant in the UN Global Compact program in May 2016. This required them to release certain company records to the UN, including details of their legal interactions with Assange — which by then included a report from the Royal Bahamas Police about an investigation into Assange. (Assange is no longer involved in KATIA.) > On September 28 this year a Canadian family holidaying in the Bahamas reported to the police that their 8-year-old daughter was “sexually molested online” by Assange on Toddandclare.com, including propositioning her “to perform oral and anal sex acts.” She was presumably accessing the site through her 22-year-old sister’s account. Whether these chats were recorded or not isn’t clear but the family claims they identified Assange. It's a Google Cache because Todd & Claire were subsequently delisted from the UN Global Compact program [1] and their report was removed. I can't speak to their particular reputation or the veracity of the conduct in the police report, but they seem to be standing by their police report. You can view a copy of it on their official Facebook site account [2] as well as a followup on their website [3]. Unprofessional and goes off the rails IMO but they're sticking to their story. As for my own post, I'm not making claims on my own and I have no particular reason to regard Todd & Claire's claims as factually untrue. Not proven either, but my posts certainly don't rise to the factual standard of libel ("knowing/reckless disregard of the truth"/"provable malice"). [1] https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/participants/8376... [2] https://www.facebook.com/toddandclare/posts/1191392577583146 [3] https://www.toddandclare.com/datinglife/online-dating/united... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_parentheses No idea on the glasses. Maybe a reference to the stereotypical g-man? i.e. he was trying to say that Jews control the government? Regardless, the parentheses are pretty straightforward. That's ironic because this year Nate Silver is big on his polls-plus models that include all kinds of non-data factors. He talks the talk but then goes and pushes a bunch of models that don't focus on data. He's right though, data talks. The only model that was even more accurate than 538's in the 2012 election was Sam Wang's model at the Princeton Election Consortium and Sam Wang did only the bare minimum to mesh the gears* whereas Nate Silver was trying to "weight" some of the polls and blew the call on some states. * Note that there's a difference between accuracy and precision . A poll can be very accurate (little variation between measurements) but not very precise (the center of the distribution is skewed to one side). For example Rasmussen is famous for this, they are a super accurate pollster but average something like +7 Republican. Different types of polls survey different groups of people (landline, cell, online, focus-group, etc) and you have to take that "house effect" out to really average different types of polls together. Clinton doesn't need a conspiracy to win, it's as simple as that. She's polling at +8 nationally, if the election were held today she has at least a 75% chance of a landslide election (320+ EVs) if the election were held today, and there's zero indication that Trump's numbers have any upward mobility whatsoever at this point. In fact, the Republicans will be lucky to hold onto the House if things keep going the way they have the past couple weeks. There's no reason to do a dumb attempt at stinging a has-been like Assange. Literally all it could do is hurt her (if it backfired and people took Assange seriously). http://election.princeton.edu/todays-electoral-vote-histogra... Hanlon's Razor says that if it looks like some dumb idiot ("small business owner") who thought he could hire Assange for his TV commercial and then got his jimmies rustled that Assange said no then it probably is that instead of an international conspiracy. But even if we're moving into conspiracy territory, Clinton doesn't have the motive here. They work as a desktop but you're better off using something designed around the task. SD cards are not really designed for heavy random writes on a long-term basis and can be sensitive to corruption during brownouts that don't necessarily trigger a full system dropout. The GPU was primitive even for its day and has not gotten better with age. There's no SATA or USB 3.0, no GigE, and everything runs across a single USB 2.0 bus. For desktop or server use, the Pi is in the same price range as systems built on laptop chipsets (Kabini, Baytrail/Cherrytrail/Goldmont, etc). These can easily be had for sub-$150 normally and sub-$100 if you shop around. That's about the same price as the Pi once you factor in all the other things you have to purchase to get your "$35 computer" to boot. They are are lot faster and a lot more fully-featured. You can easily get SATA, GigE, USB 3.0, and you can even get ECC RAM on the AM1 platform. Also check out the Liva series from ECS and the ZBOX series from Zotac. Of course if you have the cash you can also look at a NUC or BRIX or other mini-PC but those are aimed a little higher in the market. Also it's kinda sad to hold up an Intel product as a positive example of open source, but it's much better than the Raspberry Pi. You are still reliant on binary blobs to boot the hardware to this day. The graphics stack is open source, the ThreadX-based VideoCore OS RTOS the GPU uses is not, and the documentation/drivers are restricted to usage only on official Raspberry Pi hardware. Yeah, it's nice for some embedded use-cases too but don't forget there's also BeagleBone Black and some other tools that fit that use-case as well. Or just a Bus Pirate in some situations. Depends on what you want to do. It's nice for some video things that really whale on the GPIOs. The "it's easy to reflash" thing really grinds me because it's just as easy to image any other type of disk too. Yeah, the BIOS is on the disk too, but that actually increases the chance of an accident since you can nuke it out with a disk operation. It's legitimately hard to nuke a conventional BIOS unless you're trying, and in theory UEFI should block writes of invalid firmware images (one of the rare happy side effects of the cryptographic signing). "using your old cellphone charger" is one of those things that sounds great in theory but you should actually never do in practice. The Pi takes a lot of power and needs much more voltage stability than a charging circuit. Using a random charger is asking for corruption issues because the SD card will silently fail writes. For object recognition, check out the Jetson TK1 and TX1 boards. They're more expensive than a Pi but CUDA GPU acceleration buys you a LOT more performance and you still fit into a tight power budget. > ...but that almost everyone does in practice. I haven't personally had an issue with it over 4 years of use. And lots of people have problems with it in practice. Here's a Reddit thread on SD card corruption. #1 top voted and most commonly suggested way to rectify it? Get a better power supply. https://www.reddit.com/r/raspberry_pi/comments/3how8w/pi_kee... If you have a name-brand phone charger it'll probably be OK. So will a decent-quality one from Adafruit or another reputable supplier that's intended for this use. But "use a random charger you have laying around" is terrible advice that significantly contributes to the Pi's issues with SD card corruption. > In theory, yes, but there's something nice about popping out a microSD, putting it in the adapter it came with, and sliding it into my laptop to re-image (or a USB SD card reader, to image a disk from a Pi host directly). SDs are small, easy to move between machines, and SBCs tend to have their OSes distributed as image files. You can pop out the SSD or HDD and put it in a USB docking cradle and treat it just like a big SD card. A USB 3.0 docking cradle costs a grand total of $15, so there's no reason not to. And in contrast, the thing with the RPi is that many people find they need to "pop out the SD card and reflash it" a whole lot . The Pi is really bad about SD card corruption and the community has a blase attitude about it. https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=63&t=1275... Sure you should keep backups, but with the Pi I found myself needing to use them every two months or so. That's an unacceptable level of reliability for desktop or server applications. > In contrast, to take a backup image of the computer that I just bought, I needed to download + flash an OS on a USB key, boot, and copy/compress a 256GB disk onto a USB hard drive. It's a lot more steps, a lot more hardware, and there's not a place that I could just download the bare OS image, if I happened to lose the backup. It's just all around a less convenient process. You're making this sound difficult, but the ironic thing is you have to do most of those steps to flash the RPi's SD card with an OS image anyway. Oh wow, downloading an image file and burning it to a USB stick with Rufus, what a struggle. So much harder than downloading an image file and burning it to an SD card using WinImage. You can store a backup image anywhere you want. Backing up across the network to your desktop computer works just fine. Linux has had Samba for like two decades now and can mount Windows file shares no problem. In fact you can even take an image of a running filesystem if you want, so you don't even need to do the disk image thing. Wouldn't be my first choice but it's possible. > I hear what you're saying though, and I agree: There are a LOT of SBC options out there (and none of the Rasperry Pi computers are necessarily the best technically-suited for most things) and some very nice hardware a couple of price brackets up. It's not even "a couple price brackets up": I paid $75 for my ECS Liva. I paid $85 each for a pair of Liva Xs with the 2/32 configuration. That's within the expected price range to get a basic Pi system going after adding a SD card, high-quality adapter, etc. And you also get GigE, USB 3.0, mSATA, x86 compatibility, etc. There's other -alikes with eMMC available too, and I'd rather do eMMC than a SD card. All of the TES and FO3/4 games have been using the same engine since Oblivion. Bethesda now calls their internal build of GameBryo "Creation Engine" but it's very much the same thing. I think you can actually still pull "GameBryo" out of the EXE using the Unix `strings` util, and you can definitely see it from the game data. So "ported to the FO4 engine" doesn't really mean much. It's like saying that Half-Life 2 has been ported to CS:GO's engine. Yeah, it's a more modern build of the engine but it's still the same engine and it's not going to look or run drastically different unless the assets are also revamped at the same time. Also, my personal opinion (from the outside) is that Bethesda doesn't seem to have done a good job maintaining their codebase. Fallout 4 still doesn't really look any better than Skyrim (the facial animations are especially terrible), it's quirky/buggy as hell (framerate-locked physics in 2016?) and it runs like shit even on high-end machines. An engine from a game released in 2006 shouldn't struggle to hold 50 fps at 1440p on a 780 Ti. TF2 gets slagged on a lot for its shitty codebase but it's nowhere near that bad. FO4/GameBryo has really weird hardware requirements in general that make it less conductive to mobile ports. It's super sensitive to single-threaded performance, it's super sensitive to memory bandwidth (very unusual for a game), it eats a whole bunch of GPU power in city areas, etc. Portables tend not to be known for those things. It also really prefers to be run on a SSD so it doesn't stutter when it's paging game-world cells in and out, although that could probably be tuned. I generally agree that you can probably stuff it into a portable with some compromises within the next couple years, sure. But I'm glad I'm not a Bethesda employee, that's going to suck and I think the compromises are going to be big. Re-engine'ing a game is a massive undertaking. There's a huge amount of work involved in porting mission systems and event triggers and so on between the two systems. I don't really think it's feasible, I'd see it as much more likely that they port the engine rather than porting the game to another engine (which AFAIK is what they did with Skyrim Special Edition). It's especially unlikely because Bethesda has put a huge amount of work into developer/world-building tooling for GameBryo. They have been on a single engine for almost 20 years now (since Morrowind) and it's going to be a tough sell to throw all that tooling and experience away, even with the engine making ominous creaking sounds (as the FO4 codebase clearly is doing). It clearly needs it though. Like, STALKER was playable on a laptop processor and iGPU ten years ago and the newer games are on par with FO4 visually in most ways. In many RPG senses it was even more flexible and more ambitious (A-Life was similar to Radiant AI). FO4 just runs like shit compared to how dated it looks and plays. I did the same in FO3. Decent but not outstanding games on their own but really great once the modders get going. I really like loot-driven games with more realistic gun physics (more damage taken/given, high accuracy, etc). The base FO4's weapon/armor mod system is doing much better for me than FO3 did but I still am pining for variety. I've been meaning to restart FO4 with some mods. The performance issues were really terrible at launch. It's somewhat better now but it really prefers current-gen hardware and running from an SSD. It's really sensitive to memory bandwidth too. Apple doesn't have a monopoly on durable laptops. I'm still using a circa-2010 Thinkpad W-series (purchased refurbished in 2013). Needs a new cooling module (starting to overheat occasionally), and it's been through a couple battery packs and a keyboard replacement, but those are essentially wear items and it's otherwise still going strong. So far I've actually stepped right flat on the screen once (it fell out of bed while I was in the bathroom and I couldn't see it under the covers) and I'm going to need to unlearn the habit of picking it up by the screen since other laptops aren't going to tolerate that. The T- and W-series are incredibly, incredibly durable pieces of hardware (note: the new Edge, Yoga, etc series are built much more lightly). Previously I had a Fujitsu Lifebook T4220 convertible tablet from 2007. That was also very durable. It was built quite lightly but ironically the convertible screen would tend to pivot out of the way when you dropped it, which prevented damage, and since it was so light it tended not to pick up a lot of momentum. One day it just stopped powering up, probably some kind of electrical problem. Happened early 2013, so I got about 5 solid years of daily use from it. I have a broken T4200 I picked up for parts, I've been thinking about trying to troubleshoot it one of these days. In contrast my fiance had a unibody MacBook Pro (Core2Duo I think, probably circa 2008?) in college and I wasn't nearly as impressed with the design there. The emphasis on passive cooling and having as few fans as possible tended to lead to overheating. What finally killed it was the screen cable going funky (I think). Could probably be replaced, but eh, I'm tired of repasting the damned CPU every 6 months when the overheating dries it out. She has a Thinkpad just like mine now. The 3K screens are seriously drool-worthy. I don't have a really pressing need to upgrade, but that 3K screen has gotten me wistfully playing with their laptop builder a couple times. It's literally quadruple the real-estate of my current screen (1600x900). Unfortunately this is par for the course. DFAS' accounting systems are antiquated, involving 2200 individual systems, manual re-entry when data needs to be moved around, and "fudge" entries to fix the errors in the books. When the mistakes inevitably happen, they then try to claw back the overpayments from the soldiers. http://www.reuters.com/investigates/pentagon/#article/part1 Another similar situation that came up when I was searching down the first article: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/pentagon-bomb-squad... It's been happening for decades now. On the whole, the Pentagon budget is one of the few (perhaps the only?) Federal budgets that is so screwed up that it can't even be audited. The pay for soldiers is just the tip of the iceberg here, contractors are also getting massively overpaid and the USG is not nearly as good about clawing those back (since contractors can fight back). Literally hundreds of billions of dollars each year are moving around these systems, and we cannot even reliably trace where they are going. There's no political will to fix this because people automatically assume military = classified and golly we can't audit classified books. Another huge part of the population has a totemic fetishization of the military and criticising their books translates to criticizing the military itself. So in turn we end up tolerating terrible bookkeeping that would never be allowed in another Federal department let alone the private sector... http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/07/31/Pentagon-s-Sloppy-B... The USG civil retirement system is similarly weird and terrible. Please reference: the giant cave system where they have to keep multiple hundreds of thousands of square feet of cabinets full of paper records. http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/national/2014/03/22/sinkhol... This terrible mess of ancient, individual systems is replicated all over the USG. The VA system operates similarly (cited above). During the 2011 and 2013 default crises the Treasury systems had no way of controlling individual payments, knowing the overall reserves at a future point in time, or even knowing when individual payments were going to happen. There were also CD players that could play MP3s burned on a data disc. That bridged the "capacity gap" - 640/700 MB was a lot of MP3s at the time, especially since people used lower bitrates. Remember, the first iPod was only 5 GB. The big problem was the interface, it really sucked to try and navigate a couple hundred MP3s on a one-line display. There have been worthy competitors but none with the finish quality and marketing budget of Apple. The iRiver MP3 players were fantastic throughout most of the 2000s (unfortunate choice of name, they existed pre-iPod). They were the player of choice for the technical crowd because they supported line-in recording, optical outputs, and OGG playback (which mattered a lot more when capacities were smaller). They had an average-quality interface, usable but not amazing. They were also one of the main bastions for the open-source Rockbox firmware, which supported a huge variety of codecs and WAV recording. Rockbox's appearance was utilitarian but it actually featured many great usability tweaks (exponential scrolling/FF/rewind, "car mode" that paused playback when power was lost, bookmarks, etc). They were an amazing player for someone who could do hardware mods. I kept mine going for a decade by swapping parts. I eventually used an adapter to plug in a CompactFlash card for a primitive SSD, and installed a high-capacity battery, which boosted the battery life to something absurd like 20 hours IIRC. On that note I still don't actually know anything that can touch the battery life of the early iRiver flash players (iFP series). We're talking 24 hours on a single AA. I've actually been looking for a replacement with those same characteristics (extreme battery life on a single disposable AA or AAA battery cell) and coming up empty. You would really think there'd be a successor using modern electronics but everyone has gone to integrated batteries. Anyone know of one? The Creative Zen Vision M was another really solid attempt. The scroll-strip was a worthy competitor for the (patented) Apple scrollwheel. Nice fit and finish, just couldn't make any waves in the market. Most APUs support it. Many motherboard manufacturers choose not to expose this capability and a few sockets don't even expose it. Kabini supports it. Construction cores support it. FM2+ does not, but the mobile socket version FP3 does. I think you might be looking for Socket AM1, like the Athlon 5350. If you need ECC, get the Asus AM1M-A. None of the boards have more than 2 RAM slots though. If you have a Microcenter nearby, you can get a $40 discount on an AM1 bundle deal. The motherboard and CPU end up being about $40 total. It makes a decent little Unix server. The Intel J1800/J1900/J2900 boards are pretty cheap too but no ECC. Also, Asrock just announced its Goldmont-based J4205 board. That's exactly what I mean. Even today I think the personal electronics market is a particularly difficult one to disrupt unless your product is so astoundingly better that it pretty much sells itself like the iPod did. Even so, things can easily go south, like when the RIAA sued Rio. That would kill someone who wasn't already a mid-sized corp at that time. Things were much harder to disrupt then, too. It was much tougher for someone to get access to short-run PCB design and assembly services and you couldn't get SOC do-everything modules for random tasks nearly as easily back then. You really needed to be an established manufacturer who could order a big run of products and/or custom chips. The smaller you were, the smaller the production run, the more your products would cost. Personal electronic Kickstarters are still some of the most likely to fail. There's lots of reasons for that. It's hard to execute well, and consider how easily HTC loop-the-looped Oculus' design and out-ramped their production. And that's in 2016, using a new design for a sophisticated product. China will have knockoffs of most products on Alibaba literally before your product is in stores. There were some good competitors but it's a really, really hard market to break into, even if you've got a great product. Apple is the HTC of this scenario, they were a big company that saw a great idea they could do better and executed well, jumping ahead of the original creators. I don't hold any particular grudge against Apple. I resent the scroll wheel being patented, but that's because I am generally opposed to design/UI elements being patentable. You shouldn't get a 30-year monopoly on something like that. > But collecting and (forever) burning collections was a royal pain in the ass. Plus, CD readers would struggle and skip/stop/jump all the time as they bounced in your pocket or in your bag Well, after the first generation of CD players they wised up and added high-speed drives that read into buffers ("skip-proof"/"ESP"/etc) so that skipping wasn't a big deal. Since MP3s were a smaller quantity of data, they actually worked better at this. Ideally you wanted a player that could read CD-RWs (whether full of audio tracks or MP3 files). Still a pain in the ass but less expensive. Not all players used a laser that could read RW media. And not all media used to be readable by all drives in those days - some drives were very very sensitive. I remember the horror of desperately searching DVDR-Help.com to try and find media with good compatibility ratings. The thing that always amused me as a kid was how indestructable my Sony Discman CD player was. I went through probably 4 or 5 off-brand CD and MP3-CD players that had skip-proof before I finally switched to MP3 players. Every time they'd conk out after a year or two and I'd have to fall back to that stupid skip-prone Discman. The thing was built like a tank and I wouldn't be surprised if it still worked today, 20 years later. When I replaced it with an early iRiver HDD player in 2003 I shelled out like two years of savings for it, and that iRiver ended up lasting a decade. It was an important lesson for young me: you get what you pay for. > Absolutely. A lot of cheap Chinese sticks wouldn't even understand filesystem structures deeper than one level. That too, but I was really thinking about the scroll-wheel there. I can still remember the interminable pain of scrolling through a giant list of albums at about 2 per second. The iPod scroll wheel and the Zen Vision M's touch-strip were massive improvements for how they let you scroll rapidly but also have fine control. The iRiver fixed it with firmware brute-forcing (in Rockbox). All you had was a D-pad but it would scroll exponentially faster the longer you held it down, so you could actually get where you wanted to go in a reasonable amount of time. Not elegant but it worked. CIWS (eg Phalanx) have a similar "autonomous" mode. Once enabled, they will autonomously select target signatures (something that looks like an incoming missile) and engage. Both Harpoon and Phalanx have a relatively distinct target. There aren't tons of military-grade radars out there, and there shouldn't be tons of objects blasting right towards a ship at multiple times the speed of sound. Autonomous systems will target less distinct signatures but it's all a matter of degree. Mis-identification of targets has resulted in many civilian deaths in the past, even with humans, and sooner or later similar mistakes will occur with autonomous weapon systems. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_Air_Flight_655 One of the cardinal rules of firearms safety is "always be aware of what's behind your target". I see the Phalanx isn't very good at that...