I think if BART owns the repeaters or cell towers etc. then they have every right to turn them off whenever they want. With or without permission from the carriers or occupants. I found it confusing at first but I believe it's trying to say that you don't have to sign a contract to get the basic wifi iPad, unlike with the 7.7 galaxy tab which starts out at $499 with a 2 year contract. If you buy without the 2 year contract it would cost an enormous $699 which is less than the carrier iPad at $629. Be grateful many people don't have these opportunities. We all pay the same for tuition if weren't not from that state. I've suffered working in a restaurant for the past 6 years and low rate college pay jobs. At least we can still afford tuition when a lot of people can't or don't even have the option to go to school. I have always wondered if crimes are getting more violent or if the amount of coverage we give the violent ones has increased. The closest I will get to the news is the Daily Show, because at least they poke fun at the American media for how ridiculous they can be. The pinch and zoom feels much smoother on Safari, it's especially helpful on my laptop when viewing from a distance. Tha being said I'm really tired of being in the "walled garden" I have a Windows desktop and Andriod Tablet that would love to share iCloud tabs and bookmarks. Chrome can do all of that. Glad to see at least one of my senators attended those meetings and doesn't remember being briefed about phone metadata collection (Johnny Isakson R-Ga). But then again the Director of National Intel James Clapper said that he understands that "collect data" would mean they take a book off the shelf and read it. Not that they have a giant bookshelf of data that is possibly yours and mine. Just another politician type doing some CYA. We will see more to come. [1] http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/intel-dir-james-clapper-lie-c... They have an option to log in to the command via a web interface in case you block yourself. Just got graduated and got a job in the software industry. Learned a lot from reading hacker news articles. Thanks HN When I first read this I starting thinking this is a good start but I think these companies are just trying to save face. Now that these programs have been exposed in more light both sides, the government and the companies who participate, are just trying to minimize the impact without telling the full truth about other programs. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/07/nsa-admits-i... The website is unreadable on a mobile device. I can't zoom out. They are only paranoid because they know they have introduced backdoors into products their countries produce. Do you really think the US/UK/AUS has not introduced something into a Cisco product or some other hardware manufacturer in their respective country. Just look at what has come to light with the PRISM program. They already have access to the major software companies what makes people think they havent done some secret FISA order to Dell/Cisco/HP/Apple etc. edit: typo Recent Kennesaw State grad here. Some classmates and I had a few ideas for start ups but didn't have a place to further our knowledge and learn how to get started. This would be great for the Atlanta area I know of other start ups in the area but they usually aren't from college students or recent grads. It would be great to have a place to share ideas with younger people and hack ideas. From the article: “Everyone’s thinking this, but no one’s saying it public, so everyone thinks they’re alone,” he said. “Ninety-eight percent of society has issues with this…But no one speaks up.” While I think some people don't how to speak up, beside calling/writing my congress person, many don't care either way. In fact, many older people I have talked to (I am in my twenties) dont have a problem with what the NSA is doing. They dont really mind if their data is being sifted through as long as its being used to "Find Terrorists or what have you." My problem is the lack of oversight and the fact court that has approved 1,789 out of 1,748 requests (97.7%!!!!). Not only that but they have legal justifications for what they are doing, therefore since its legal its allowed, forget the morals/ethics involved. Who's to say they won't turn this around on the public at large because it will prevent smaller crimes instead of terrorists. Also whats to stop the government from calling people who oppose their views terrorists and then just spy directly at American people. Does anyone else find it odd that he immediately went to the US's biggest rivals. I mean right away he ran to Hong Kong (China) and now he has accepted asylum in Russia. I mean these countries have huge interest in this guy. He knows intimate details about how the USA gathers intelligence. I mean I wonder what kind of info he has given (if any) to these countries. I am sure Putin would love to get a hold of those laptops he took with him. Yes but Latin American countries wouldn't have as much interest in his Intel as the other Russia and China. If he was just seeking asylum Ecuador would have been a much better choice for him. They have already given Assange asylum so I would think that would have been a better first option than HK. Yes but the point is he brought his treasure trove of intel with him. In a sense "Americope" is already a reality. They have already used their power to divert the Bolivian presidents plane and restrict the airspace that Snowden might have used to get out of Europe. When these Snowden leaks first came out I was hoping that Europe would stand up to the US but the fact is that many of the Intel agencies in Europe are either in on the various programs or benefit from them via funding or some sort of data sharing. I never realized that the small beads in hygiene products was actually plastic. How many times have I ingested these over the years and if they are killing fish, what are they doing to my body? I wonder how much pollution these are causing in smaller lakes and rivers? I agree, if industry leaders jumped on the band wagon like they did for SOPA we may have a chance. Some of the big tech companies are already willing to fight back we just need to gain momentum for the cause. Some legislators are with us but I doubt the senate will be on our side. I think that the damage is already too great. They are probably already in all the hubs, exchanges and its not like they will give them back. It's no surprise that they are collecting all the cell data too, whether it be metadata or content. Who knows what kinda stuff they have in the actual hardware beside the repeaters they have on the fiber cables. My question is how do we enact a change. The genaral public (non-tech people) may not fully understand the implications of what they are doing and how much of our data thy are taking. If the large companies are just going to bend over how do we do something? I've meet them too as long as out keeps the terrorists out they're fine with it. Open source software would help especially open source networking software. Just say NSA this or Snowden that. Bootstrap is great but I usually end up having to override a lot and it ends up becoming a pain sometime. Also if the responsive theme isn't set up right it can end up looking like a disaster. Now that we are seeing more and more publicity surrounding this issue and companies are at least attempting to be transparent, how can we spark a fundamental change in the way the Govt sees this issue. The public need to hold these people accountable in some fashion, criminally is probably out of the question. Whether it be by some investigation committee by congress, supreme court intervention, or simply voting the current incumbents out. We need to stop the Govt from just abiding by the letter of the laws and not by going with the Spirit of the law. The Government shouldnt be finding loop holes in their laws or playing games about the meaning of words when the are questioned by officials. What about the view counter on my Geocity site? I would look at it everyday to see if someone happened to stumble on my site. I've heard of these building that store nothing but paper books that you can borrow for a certain period of time and return at a later point. It should read The NSA "HAS" Commandeered the Internet. As more and more information is gets thrown into the light, I find it disturbing that the NSA's capability has grown under the Obama Administration. I would think they would have less powers compared to Bush Admin post 9/11. Wait till they attach listening instruments onto drones and send them to scan the sky's across America under a directive from the FISA court. And this is why GPS and cell phone jammers are illegal... Glad to see that Space is going to be a commercial business instead of private governments doing everything. This gives me hope that Space will be a place that consumers can enjoy. That said I think that Elon Musk is doing a lot to make things like Space and Electric cars more accessible to the average person. Even though the costs of Tesla cars are high now for the average Joe to afford, they will hopefully be down in the near future. I hope that the same will happen with Space-X. You are right. The Nissan Leaf still has that Hybrid/Electric car look and feel to it. The Tesla looks like a normal luxury car that I would like to own. I dislike how many Hybrid/Electric cars look different than the normal 4 door sedan. So if the most common way these hacker "groups" actually "hack" websites are through phishing attacks. How do protect against phishing attacks in a way that will stop them. Obviously educating Martha the secretary to not click links in emails from people she doesn't know isnt working. How can we make phishing attacks less successful or remove these attack style altogether. 9 times out of 10 when I hear about some major hack its because of phishing. I only picked the first name that came to mind that sounded older. I didnt choose a womens name on purpose. Albert in accounting, etc... would have done just fine. I know plenty of people in this same situation, degree in psychology, social work, communications and my favorite opera, with a mound of debt accruing. All while they struggle to pay off their debt while working at the same college job they had, working at a restaurant waiting tables or being a barista at Starbucks. Some of these people are in way over their head and beyond just the government loans. A few of them went to smaller private colleges and accrued well over 150K. Luckily I was in a technical degree (Information Systems but I didnt graduate from the business school ;-), Math and Science school along with the CS majors) and was able to get a few job offers before settling on what I considered the best one. The only problems is that when they first implemented this feature I was missing a lot of important emails from my bank and Amazon. I dont like having to browse to a new tab too see emails that are coming into the same inbox. I want to decide what emails go into the tabs not an algorithm. While I am glad they included (paywall), any news article or blog entry that uses sources behind a paywall should rethink using those sources. When I read an article I like to look at the sources they use to determine if the information seems valid to me. Lets condemn places like China, Russia, and Syria for they way they limit or monitor electronic communications but when the US and "Friends" do it its for mumble mumble TERRORISTS mumble mumble.... If the laws don't allow us to monitor our citizens lets just change the laws or interpret the words differently. >Nothing that's been reported about the US comes even close to that sort of usage. Nothing that's been reported. Or Hasn't happened yet.... No offense Google, but Google+ is not good. I dont want another social site or to be forced into yours. It should go the way of Google Reader even though Reader was a much better service. At first it sounded like Craigslist was bullying someone but reading more into the article it seems that they had a valid reason to take them to court. They asked them to top multiple times, even resorting to blocking their IP block, and they still crafted deceiving ways to work around it. Although I feel Craigslist had a reasonable complaint, I do not like the precedence that this could set for further cases. This could set the stage for all kinds frivolous lawsuits. About time. I hope that he picks someone that can take MSFT from the boring and problematic company that we have no choice but to deal with, to a company that is producing products that actually make it easier to use things and more powerful (Windows 8 was a huge step back). They need someone who will innovate and continue to innovate. > but since it's generally disliked and unnecessary these days, Maybe its disliked by start ups running the latest and greatest flavor of X, but enterprise isn't letting up any time soon on Java. Especially if there already using Oracle and its not easy to get rid of legacy stuff that costs money to rebuild. There are also people who adamantly protect the legacy stuff because that is where there job security lies. Horrible UI and most of the examples were from obscure languages. The only one I got right was assembly and that is scary... I am not sure if anything he states is correct or not. I mean the people just stated that he got it wrong but couldnt anyone just say no thats not me I did contracting work for so and so. I have been waiting for something like this for a long time. The only problem is that it is only for Kindle books. I would like a PDF/ePUB for any paper copy book I buy even if its a 5 dollar surcharge that is much better than buying the same book 2 separate times on different media (paper and ebook). Honestly I would like this to be the default option for all paper books I buy, even if the costs get factored in to the buying price. If I can take my CDs I purchased and encode them into MP3 and use them on my e-device of choice then why cant a similar model be used for paper media. I am going to be mad if I find an Amazon tracking cookie that makes you money ever time I buy from Amazon from now on. Anyways, the blog was an inspiration for me to start my own blog (which I have been putting off) and gave me some ideas for a way for it to fund itself. I may visit 100s of websites daily and none of them have anything to do with what I usually buy on Amazon. I don't want someone to profit off the measuring cups I bought off Amazon or the alternator I got on eBay because I visited a blog about a guy with a standing desk. Typical corporate response: its not our fault its the elevation of the sun. Once the sun decides to move it will not be a problem. How about they design a building right. If the 4 story condos I lived in previously were designed to be facing North and South so the sun didnt heat them up as much during the day. I would think a massive 37 floor building project in London would have taken into account the position of the sun as well. >It's not about taking the position of the sun into account, it's foreseeing that the curvature of the facade would concentrate the sun in an unfortunate way. Any kid with a magnifying class can tell you what curved class can do with light. My point was that if building projects take in account which way the sun will move in the sky, then they should take into account what the sun might do when it hits the building. > Oh please. If you've never build anything that turned out to malfunction in an unexpected way, you've never build anything. You are very right and I dont see how they might have foreseen this. It is quite unusual for the windows on a building to start melting cars, especially in a mild climate like London. The fact remains that if it can mess a Jaguar up what happens when the sun rays are concentrated into a flat across the street that may have a small child or elderly person who may not be to leave the room when it starts getting hot. Recently I graduated from college and decided to go for a big multinational company with employees all over the globe and customers also. The reasons I chose to do so are similar to the ones the author chose. Some drawbacks so far are the politics it takes to get a project going and the maze of people in a large corporation. Many times it takes several meetings just to find the right person to answer a question. Also having to interface with people around the globe to get sign off on things pose a time zone conflict and more hours are wasted. Sometimes the answers to the problems that I face are not known to one side of the business because they have no idea how the other side does things. There are massive silos of information and systems that make it harder to navigate than a smaller shop. If the car is hotter to begin with because of the air temperature around it then the melting point on a component of the car will be reached faster. So if it was in a much hotter place like Las Vegas where the sun shines a majority of the time I could see things like this happening more often. Instead of mild I should've said rainy or cloudy place like London. I hope that what they release is actually something can be read in its entirety and not redacted so much you can't read it. http://abcnews.go.com/m/blogEntry?id=19153896&ref=https%3A%2... If they really are changing their main logo to match that one, I wonder if they are doing it because Yahoo just changed their logo. Maybe Google is trying to compete with Marissa Meyer and her new strategies at Yahoo. Edit: Flat is so hot right now. More like a massive new interactive map with dot for my home router instead of a Waze comment for the NSA spooks to look at. I append _nomap to my SSID name in hopes that they wont collect the data they are scanning when they drive by. The word collect has different meanings these days so they may be storing the info but not look at it... Dumping your DB daily to dropbox doesnt sound like a production solution. It looks like you violated their TOC somehow but dont state what you did. This honestly sounds like growing pains, now that we are "taking off" we need to make sure users arent abusing our service. Lets do a user verification process for certain instances that are flagged for whatever reason. I have experienced similar verify account problems with Pay Pal/eBay. While its a burden on people who are doing legitimate business, if it keeps spammers/scammers off of a service then it is worth it. "In 1995 I quit my regular job as senior web engineer for Time-Warner and became a consultant developing interactive content for the World-Wide Web, which was still a pretty new thing at the time." I am confused the person stated that they were a senior web engineer but quit to work on a new thing the WWW. How can you be a senior web engineer for something brand new? Just nitpicking... Got an error 503. A refresh loaded the page fine the second time, as did subsequent refreshing. I couldn't repeat the error. Amateur dev/designer here. Agreed that CSS transitions are neat and easy to use but you are right about the hyperlinks being a bad place to use them. If the link in the page wasn't the URL and instead just a word in the paragraphs I wouldn't have noticed it either. When I use transitions for links or to open sub menus I usually pick a color that really stands out so they can understand they should click there. Usually 100ms will do fine, I think the transitions have their place but some people including my Manager do not like them for links or menus. This is the first public announcement (I have seen) of a large government agency using open source desktop OSs. I've seen articles about tech companies using Linux for Desktops, and other articles that mention large organizations using Linux Desktops but the couldn't specify the company specifically (dont know if it was US based or not). I have doubts about a large US non-tech organization actually using Linux for their desktops. The user training would have to momentous and cant imagine the IT support personnel/time needed to successfully implement this kind of change. To be honest I cant even imagine my company or others even switching to Open Office. I am glad that this is working out for the French, I wonder if their are any US government agencies that would consider a switch like this. Ugh, glad I have a grip on HTML/CSS now and dont have to rely on tools like this or Dreamweaver. I think Dreamweaver actually helped me code better because after class I would always work at cleaning up the shoddy Dreamweaver auto-generated code. Kids kept wondering why I always passed validations after writing code, I stopped using Dreamweaver unlike everyone else in that class. I can see why this would be a viable option in Europe. They seem to be more progressive in their decision making than the US. No way you could get the left and right to agree on something major in the US! Maybe if they saw how much money they would save doing something like this. I wouldnt be pleased more if the strangle hold that windows has on "Work" computers was loosened in this decade. Even the multinational company I work for now has a BYOD program. They restrict us to using the "guest" throttled wifi as punishment though. What happens to all the information we have converted to digital form if a worldwide disaster occurred? Think like a nuclear war and the resulting EMP wipes out most of the US/EU/Asia electronics. Think even a massive solar flare that fries the majority of the electronic equipment. I am loving every minute of this NSA-Gate or Snow-Gate. Nothing like holding GOVT accountable for decisions they make behind closed doors, decisions that had an impact on the whole world not just US citizens. Its also great all the technical details that are being released about how they Intel Agencies collect data. Its all fascinating. Looks like the NSA invoked the HN.RemoveArticle method. Isn't this Security 101, limit what external users can gather about your systems. Especially when an error occurs, you don't want an exception getting thrown and then the stack trace gets displayed to the whole internet. You have never gone to shave and felt the pull and tug of an old razor? Then you go to work only to forget that you need to buy new ones on the way home and the process goes on again. This process happens to me because I am usually focused on buying food and not non-perishable goods. I switched to DSC recently because of this and I am tired of paying Gillette/Schick $20-$30 on a pack of razors. Actually a lot of enterprise applications are built with Java. I think I am in the wrong profession...perhaps one with a Union can help increase my salary/benefits. This is similar to Atlanta, which is considered a "car centric" city. Our Public transportation system "MARTA" only operates fully throughout two counties in our metro area. The reason for this is that many citizens in the suburbs are afraid of what will happen if they provide easy access for urban "characters" that are presumed to be "bad or unsavory" because they cant afford a car. (I live in one such county) Every time there are talks of expanding MARTA (train or bus lines) to other counties people come out in protest. But my start up isn't cool if we aren't using the newest and greatest buzzword technologies. Interesting read, I do not partake in Reddit very often (the comments are mostly more than meaningless, harsh like a school yard bully). Although I have found a couple subreddits that do not fit my preconceived view of redditors. Alexis' article has a lot of truths in it, supplemental education is a necessity in the IT field, tech changes sooo fast. Most people wont attend a college that is a front runner in its respective fields. Often times the professors are teaching slightly outdated technologies or versions of technologies. MOOC (massive open online courses) and learn to code sites help fill this gap. Perhaps they may become more common as people take a look back on how much they invested in school and how they could make it more cost effective while still becoming knowledgable in their interests/professions. I guess I havent got past the general audience subreddits. Thanks for responding, I am going to find a couple this week to start reading. You've inspired me. Why does it matter if you're an NBA fan. I thought the same thing about the graphs!! I was confused what I was supposed to be looking at when I saw the second graph. So is this kinda of like Tor but without the anonymity and only one peer to connect to? I work in Atlanta for a multinational company with 20,000+ employees, almost daily I connect with people from the Midwest, West coast, India, and UK. We allow remote workers, have flex time (although 8-5 is considered the "norm"). Our dress code is relaxed (I prefer jeans + polo daily). I know that we are hiring because I am meeting new hires daily (along with new contractors). I just got hired in July. Let me know if you would like to know more I saw you were in Atlanta (we are not downtown). Sent you an email. I like these types of things and for someone who picked up an interest in coding while in college. I wish I had resources like this when I was a kid. I wish the programming community in general was more friendly to newcomers. I see people tell others that only CS people should be doing this don't even try a lot. Ha I live in Cobb County I wonder if that's a good bankruptcy lawyer. I am strangely addicted. This is kind of like those drug dealer/mobster games that I used to play on my TI-83. Where you would all of the sudden die for no reason or get arrested. Who says you need to be CS? This is what's stopping me from upgrading. Right now I have a non retina display with an ssd and an HDD in the optical drive spot. Im about to upgrade my RAM to 16gb so I can run my windows VM with more than enough RAM. I like to upgrade the internals without paying an arm and a leg. You can almost upgrade your ram and ssd for what apple charges to go from 8-16gb of RAM. Agreed, the days of modding your laptop are going to be gone (for apple and probably everyone if ultra books take hold for the masses). The newly released rMBP's are more appealing than last year. That 256 or 512 ssd sounds like more than enough especially coupled with that nice retina display. Especially if I can convince my girlfriend to use her education discount. They are turning their product lines into ipad/iphone like, they are not upgradable. Even a broken iPhone 5 front glass screen requires a whole new panel. I am horrified to think what will happen if I get a new rMBP and a year later something breaks. I dont buy apple care, so will I be stuck paying 1,000 for a whole new logic board because all the pieces are soldered on? Is that is what is happening. Long page load then once the page was loaded, it refreshed and loaded slowly again. HAHA 3.5 Billion Valuation! Honestly I am afraid that Snapchat will suffer the same fate as MySpace or DIGG once the younger generation finds something new (look at who uses google+, no one and I am not talking about your techy friends). We can already see young teens are leaving facebook. To be honest I stopped using it once my parents and other older adults started joining and that was 2-3 years ago. http://mashable.com/2013/08/11/teens-facebook/ Down vote all you want. This app was first introduced to me I was told: "You can send naughty pictures to people and they cant save them." Agreed. But how can a company that shows pictures for seconds and deletes them make money? And only have one use case or feature? Kind of like a paid /r/gonewild. Hmmm there are probably a number of porn stars/models that would buy into this. $5.00 a month to buy into this snapchat feed. We can use the reverse Apple method give 30% to the model. If you could get 100k users to follow the models that would be 350K a month/4.2 million a year. We might be on to something. +1 I would love to see NeXTSTEP. In other news the NSA has possible backdoors in real computer devices. Does this post not concern tech jobs. I recently graduated from a smaller local college and had no problem getting interviews or offers. In fact almost every job I applied for called me back within a day to do an interview. None of them outsourced their hiring either. I am pretty sure they would be considered a traitor if someone told their new company how the NSA was doing things, just look at what they are calling Snowden. The problem isnt the part that you can see, the Front-End. The problem is the legacy systems on the Back-End that need to talk to each other. And if one of these requests time out, the whole request fails, doesnt matter if the 5 systems before responded it has to go through the process again. Depending on the State it may also be illegal to film an officer who is stopping you. It may not be illegal but you still can get arrested. http://www.infowars.com/illinois-citizens-still-being-arrest... Key words: "I’m a lawyer not a scientist but in my opinion..." Sounds like he's not a lawyer but a politician. My point was I dont want to listen to a lawyer or politician. Give me the words of a scientist, preferably a nuclear one. Engineer would be even better. I would totally give up my AT&T S4 with a flashed Google Edition ROM but....there is no sdcard slot. What I am going to do without my extra 32gb of space? I like expansion and that was one of the main reasons I gave up my iPhone 4 for a S4. I have easily 10gb of pictures that I can show anyone as long as I have my phone. Also, at least 15gb of music and I'm about to install Debian just because I can. I dont see the problem all that was filled in was my name. The other fields were left blank. Even when I reentered it after the other fields popped up. Thank god it wasn't another school but these people are ruining gun control for the rest of us. I don't own a gun yet but its looking like I might never be able to unless I hurry up. TSA is going to be worse now too. Shootings = people die, stricter rules, less rights for everyone. Its bad for everyone in the US. I am concerned because crazy people are messing with my constitutional rights. (are amendments rights?) Edit: Dont you see what happened after 9/11 and the NSA. I dont want another repeat. I'm in the South too and many people that I know enjoy being safe with their guns. Instead of outlawing gun control how about we outlaw crazy people from carrying them. Or better yet hold the parents of children responsible who go off and do shootings in schools. If they let their kid stockpile weapons in their basement then they should be responsible in some way for what their child does. (I am talking about Columbine type stuff, not the LAX shooting) I don't know why AT&T is trying to go to Europe again. They bought the company I work for in the 90s for this reason as we have a big foothold in Europe. We were split from them once Ma Bell was forced to split up. Their Europe expansion didn't work out either way. History repeats itself. "particularly useful for understanding how modern capitalism spread to all of the United States" because it shows how the exploitation of black slaves was the economic foundation of the American colonies and describes the Civil War as "a struggle between the bourgeoisie of the north and the landowners of the south." This sounds like North Korea's reality warp field but I dont think its too far off in a sense. Glad I didnt take my first offer out of school. This was exactly what that company was about. I knew classmates who took the jobs but left before 6 months. They were paying 15-20% more for some positions, now I know why. Their motto was hire and fire, most managers were with them for less than 1.5 years and promoted because they were most senior after about year. If I drove all the way across the country and heard that on my first day. My middle finger would be raised very high as I shouted profanities as I walked out the door. But the author kept his cool and it worked out, maybe a trait I need to develop. Exactly, I dont believe that it was THE foundation for our economy. The Industrial Revolution may be THE foundation for our MODERN economy, I dont find agriculture as our foundation anymore. We can literally watch China go through it now. >But there are dozens of other ways to understand that cross-section of history. This. "a struggle between the bourgeoisie of the north and the landowners of the south." Your only talking about the South. I was talking about both sides. The quote had both in it too. I have met a lot of Brilliant people from India that have blow me away on their technical knowledge. What is stopping them from helping to fix the infrastructure problem that India has? A lot of educated people seem to be seeking a way out to another country. While most of the people in India are living in poverty and have no chance of a decent education. Forget Mars, for India the problems are too great at home. Well by technical I mean the engineering fields also. I assume there are people in the less technology focuses engineering fields such as civil and mechanical engineering. But social problems are a different breed. It would be remarkable if India could do what China is doing infrastructure wise at least. My knowledge is limited and I am still an outsider looking in at both countries. Edit: The link you provided mentioned corruption as a big problem in India. Engineers cant solve that problem. Yes but if they are all leaving India to make technological advancements elsewhere, then how is that protecting India from thugs? > Most of us spoke English as a first language (at least as good as one), nearly all of us bilingual (and not in the same languages) who were used to our English being misunderstood. I have to disagree I find that a lot of people from India do not pronounce the syllables in the way that a native speaker does. Well put. I have worked closely with latinos when I was working in restaurants and it was very easy to communicate back and forth even if one of us didnt speak the same language. They never sounded like they were talking out of a 1920s dictionary, words no one uses in normal conversations. I dated a girl who did modeling and whenever a shoot would come up she would do a water/coffee fast. It only worked temporarily and she would be forced to do it before every shoot to get where she wanted to be. There is no substitute for exercise and proper diet. Well I dont have trouble communicating with the majority of people in the US no matter where they are from or even the UK and Europe. But I do have a problem understanding the Indians that I am talking to 10+ hours a week. I am not trying to bash people from India here its just that I have more trouble communicating with so called "English as first language too" speakers than other groups. Must be just you but I can understand a Southerner or someone from New York or Boston, UK/AUS/NZ/Canada any day of the week compared to Tarun I talked to this morning. I am talking about business conversations not people using slang or localized words/sayings. Well if its on wikipedia then we know it must be official. Why does the media have a frenzy when something bad happens to Tesla? It seems like the media is trying to find anything to publicly put them down. I have seen two car fires since July commuting from my new job. They didnt make it to HN or even on my local news. This isnt like the Ford Explorer fiasco from years ago. 3 cars burnt, how many burn from gas everyday. Those cars dont have a warning system to tell the driver to get out, thats what the smoke is for. Good point but I do remember Elon stating it was because they had such large cells without sufficient spacing in between the cells. http://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/elon-musk-boeing-7... I waited tables the whole time I was in college and I can say that these observations are 100% true. Sometimes I even have nightmares about bad experiences I had. I can't see any of the images on my iPad using safari. You'll always have that threat. The users don't want simple text. It looks great in html most people wont even know about the risk or even understand it. Company wide emails or email signatures give a better impression to people if they are pretty , leadership likes that. Not to the Business. I am required to have links in my signature so at the very least I will always have one hyperlink on every email I send. I dont want another social media site, and I especially dont want to get forced into using one. I also want to use google's apps such has gmail, youtube, and others without having to sign into google+. Meant to get back yesterday - For some reason it worked when I tried about an hour later. I dont know if it was my connection or not. Do I have join Google+ to get on the barge? As a mobile dev, how would you stop users from taking a screenshot? My girlfriend uses snapchat with her friends a lot and if she is quick enough she can grab a screenshot of the snap, I assume other people are doing this often. What will I play during my Flash intro? Seems like a good idea... How can I purchase my own debt? Rather than have someone else buy my debt at a reduced rate and abolish it, how about I buy my own? I guess once your debt gets into a state where its being sold you probably arent making the right payments. Pay off early! or dont accrue debt. I guess you couldnt buy your "own" debt but you could get someone to buy it on your behalf. People dont realize what little regulations supplements face compared to "food". Most products you buy at nutrition/health stores (like GNC/Vitamin Shoppe/etc.) are not really tested. You can pretty much be getting chalk and no one will know. Or you get an overdose of Ephedra and die. This was exactly what I was talking about. Muscle building supplements and bath salts. My girlfriends brother lives in Costa Rica and from visiting him and listening to their conversations I can say the internet infrastructure is not that good. There are normal days and very bad days that may last for a day-week-month. Costa Rica's internet is better than Nicaragua though! How do you buy a company in which their only revenue stream is to seek more funding? A Social Media Startup's steps to profit: 1. Collect Users 2. ? 3. Profit! In my experience sensors like this are inaccurate compared to calipers or a hydrostatic body testing (if you can find a place or mobile van to do this). How would your method differ, and how would it produce more accurate results? Edit: Does it need to be a standalone device or could it be an attachment like a case on an iPhone? So its like instapaper or Apple's reading list with a timer? Yes you were. I have been doing this for years on my gameboy/sega/iphone/ipad/mac. I even turned my airplane mode off to see how long it would take to loose service last time I flew. (I dont fly very often) CaaS. Car as a service. What will the corporations think of next? It was pretty soon after I don't know the altitude but it was within 5 minutes of leaving the ground. I saw the word sponsor and turned off adblock to see if that was the reason that word was there. Sure enough it was a distracting ad. Why is the top of your heading A List Apart hidden behind your translucent navigation bar at the top. .killer-logo { margin-top:55px;} That might do the trick. Edit: 42px would be best as your logo is cut off at the top of the letters. VMware so I can do testing in Windows with IE. Virtual box just isnt cutting it. Looks great on Chrome 31 in OS X I guess when I bought it I needed to access certain Microsoft products for school. So initially I guess it wasn't just for IE. Ive never liked clunky apps VB has always been clunky compared to VMware Fusion or Parallels. I'll pay for speed. This is BS. No one takes imprints and you dont need to. I worked in the service industry for years and took a credit card from 80% of all my customers and never once took a imprint or needed to. I have seen flat cards without numbers that would be impossible to imprint. I dont sign my cards ever, why would I want a thief to see what my signature looks like? I get work done during work hours. #GetItDoneAtWork I tend to agree with the post. Mainly I've used bootstrap so I dont have to focus on the design and I can focus on the other aspects. Recently I have been having to deal with getting off of the row layout I used in my initial designs. This has been a pain and the pains keep growing as I realize that I need more control over the design. In fact, recently I have spent a lot more time fighting Boostrap and now I am spending the time I saved in the beginning by using it. I have seen someone get fired at a restaurant I worked at because they were always too overwhelmed to smile consistently. Perhaps Americans are forced to smile at times but why would someone foreign take offense to that? By the way he got directly fired because he wasnt smiling when he was walking around. Dont you just love being employed in a Work at Will state. Winamp has a special place in my heart it was the first music app that I really like when I was in my teens. I remember downloading a song in 15 minutes off Napster when my family first got an ISDN line. Oh man 10-15kbs was screaming. I could buy a Chromecast for half the price and use a free service to mirror my desktop for meetings. Or I could buy another Apple TV for a little more and have a lot more functionality and video outlets (HBO GO, Netflix etc.). Although this option only works if you use Macs. Or as another poster said just use the built in wifi on my TVs in my house. This article is talking as if all bacteria would suddenly become resistant to everything. I doubt it would be so sudden are more of a gradual decline. True but in my house I have had better luck with my apple tv than I have had streaming DLNA. Way too choppy. No but for us in the apple ecosystem it is a much better alternative. I wrote the post about an hour ago so how could I have known :-) Why would you buy an apple tv if you dont own apple products? Roku is a much better choice anyway. I always thought the windows stores were copying apple also. They all have big open spaces with wood floors or stands with minimal furniture/shelves and accessories on the walls. That wasnt a defamation case they were trying to bring him to court for copyright and online piracy violations. Spotify needs to fix their android app I have been having major problems on my S4 recently. I am about to jump ship. I can see how they can be worth 4 billion but how can snapchat be worth almost as much. Employees are your most prized asset I wouldn't limit it to just devs. Not sure if this is real but I don't think its good for the ocean. I don't think something the size of an ATM can heat 100 square yards of ocean. I am interested to find out why they use MS products over something on linux combined with other open source options. Thank you for the response. Usually on HN you dont hear a lot about MS products, its nice to hear about something different especially in a positive light. Thank you for responding! Why do these make it to the front page of HN? Edit: Read the submission guide lines in the FAQ. Man with gun isnt a new phenomenon (unfortunately). So its like Coin except Google gets all of my purchasing data and I probably have to join Google+ at some point. Pssh try a Galaxy S4 flashed with the GE ROM. Still has google bloatware though. Or what happens when the person holding that position quits due to stress. Following Step 0 would mean no one learns/uses PHP. Regardless if its a good thing or not the fact remains since it is popular today it will be used for years to come. Someone will have to know how that one PHP app works that your company made 5 years ago and refuses to update. What happens in 5 years? I'm glad I stuck with Intel ssds even though they eventually switched to SandForce I have drives with both controllers and they are both awesome. I almost bought an OCZ but they were garbage especially now Samsung is a player. > So many poor people. I think poor is a relative term and I dont think America has as many as lets say Central or South America. I dont see people living in shacks sifting through landfills to make ends meet. No Southeast! I guess that Georgia Tech, University of Georgia, Auburn, University of Alabama, Clemson, University of South Carolina etc. didnt give their Permission! Thank god. There are still people in my office using XP and IE 6/7 that I wonder why they cant do or see certain things. What happens when someone hacks this during rush hour? Try explaining what a VMs and why they are needing to use it to C-Level or VPs that dont understand technology. Either the user refuses to upgrade or the higher ups determine its more cost effective to use IE6 instead of upgrading the Application itself. We have lots of people in the field doing service related work all over the world and they do not take the time to upgrade (or do their job but thats another story). Its takes 2-3 months just to get the old computer back after we send then a brand new computer. I have even seen old webapps that are handled better with newer browsers be restriced to the old versions of IE because of "security reasons." > It's a joke among engineers that you need to graduate from college so that you can start learning. My college experience (non-technical bachelors) was just a joke, period - high school 2.0. Still, I wouldn't have the good job I do now if I hadn't completed my degree. Yes and yes I wasted the first two years in college learning High School 2.0 and the last 2 learning technical concepts that people used 5-10 years ago. XHTML, CGI and using tables for layouts to name a few. Some sites are enjoyable when they use the scrolling down animation effect, this site was horrible. It wasnt clear that I even should scroll down and when I did it never ended. "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer" That was said in 1765, I think we are regressing. Power hungry police and prosecutors are getting worse. They only care about making arrests and getting convictions, innocence doesn't matter. I am surprised that the prosecutor was actually charged and then convicted. I would like the police and legal system to stop looking at everyone like criminals. The concept of innocent until proven guilty is not a view seen by these people, if they come across you, youre guilty. Once I had some legal problems that got dropped, years later while applying for a permit for work at the police station, I was questioned about this incident and turned down for what I was applying for. There isnt anything on my record for this except an incident report the courts dropped it why should I still be looked down upon. I really like the idea of these multi-platform bridges. But in reality the ones that I have seen suffered from being terribly slow. The last app demo that I saw using phonegap had 3-5 second loading bars come up every time a button was pressed. This was on Android so I am not sure if the platform was to blame or not. Interesting, the slow demo was using a Samsung phone and had many animations. Next time I am going to do some comparisons on different manufacturers and with/with out animations. The app wasnt one I was involved in so I didnt have chance to mess around with it. The already make trailers and cookie cutter homes that are simply assembled on premise. Adobe got me. Does lastpass work great for checking banking on cellphones and other logins that would require a cut and paste on a desktop? Relax I believe in some states it's an automatic 3 or 5 years if you escape. There were some people that walked away from work release around my area to buy drugs or something I remember reading about. I usually feel groggy after naps and it would be hard for me to go back to studying or working. Because the markets have been flooded with either snake oil products or unproven chemicals like ephedra. Nothing is a replacement for diet and exercise. Diet drugs should be used in tandem with proper diet and exercise. For some people its simply an over indulgence problem. You could easily counter by saying why don't people just throw up after eating problem solved. Yet in my experience quick fixes often have other consequences that may not be immediately known. I don't believe you can simulate complex bio mechanical processes like muscle tearing but you may be able to allow you body to be more efficient when you do these things. For me I think part of the problem is that I cant just go to sleep it takes me almost 30 minutes just to relax into a state where my mind isnt thinking. I have used it on several projects and each time I have ended up doing modifications. What I do is make my own stylesheet to override boostrap. You usually get stuck using a certain version but it's getting easier to upgrade. I stay away from the grids so I have a little more control. What did the cities look like in the US and Europe during parts of the Industrial Revolution? I cant imagine it was as persistent and thick as some parts of China. Here is a good link in case anyone is interested. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2243732/Pea-souper-k... Yes but remember the time you saved up and bought an album only to realize there is only one good song on it. I like the option to listen to the songs I like. This is so stupid. Snowden hasnt leaked documents since he initially gave it to the first few reporters. Those reporters have stated from the beginning it was in their hands now to determine what is reported to the public. > This is analogous to a hostage taker taking 50 people hostage, shooting 10, and then say, 'if you give me full amnesty, I'll let the other 40 go'. What do you do? That is absolutely absurd. No lives are put in harms way like they could've been with the unredatcted wikileaks data. I believe the reporters are being cautious on what type of data they post. Its not illegal when we do it. We are the government. Do as we say not as we act. I dont know which is tarnishing the American image worse the use of drones strikes or the Snowden leaks. What happens when our allies start to even say enough is enough. This is what I find the most troubling. I used to think the US was trying to still spread democracy worldwide but apparently internally they feel if you are foreign that means there arent any laws as to what we can and cant do. You're right maybe it was a misunderstanding and maybe its misinformation but I couldve recalled Bush saying something along these lines about Iraq. I also believe some of my grade school teachers may have put these ideas in our head. I dont not fault them for it they were just trying to paint a rosy picture of America abroad. Just so you anyone knows, not all americans feel the same as our govt. does. HA! This might work for smaller companies. Try doing this we a 25,000+ FTE plus 5,000 or so temps and contractors in a company with a presence in around 100 countries. Although our managers dont supervise us constantly they have their own work to do. They usually give us tasks or projects and then we give them updates. I absolutely love shopping on amazon but the stories like this that have been coming out in the last couple years are about to make me stop shopping there. I've heard stories from people as well. I'll give them a year or two max to improve and then I will stop. Does anyone have a tutorial that shows how to implement a loading screen? Agreed this was a constant pain for me. How could you get that amount of money back to dollars, if lets say the price doubled and you wanted to sell? Like back in my bank account dollars. I really would hate to taint my MBP with ugly duct tap on the camera, but I may have to in the future. Months ago I read about a company that rented laptops for people to make payments on and eventually own. They installed spy software so they could locate the laptops had the user not made a monthly payment. Employees were spying on users while they were having sex and other things. This wasnt on MBPs but they still managed to not notify the user. http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2012/09/laptop-rental-spywa... I will try that. If anything fishy happens the camera is getting an ice pick. Problem solved I have barely used it. Doesnt this take away from the real issue of fossil fuels? Pollution, increased CO2 and climate changes. Lets say this could scale and be economical tomorrow. Does anyone think the oil companies would let that happen or let their price per gallon at the pump decrease. Gasification is a fascinating process I was just recently aware of. Some guy got his truck to run on a certain type of oak. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYGKn12Weu4 For my understanding, the problem with the fossil fuels is that they are trapped in the ground and we are releasing the carbon that was trapped in the ground into the atmosphere. ifixit has some tutorials on how to remove the monitor glass that I've looked at before. You may need some special tools though and it isn't recommended for the retina displays. That's fine as long as we keep Lockheed planes to ourselves. Nothing beats the F22. I guess I am an idiot. Honestly HN is really turning into reddit. Que more down votes! I will never get to that down vote feature threshold. HN commentors takes things wayyyy to seriously. edit: I come for the great links, the discussion are just a side effect of the awesome content. It isnt the plane it is the vest. They were using a standard vest for a plane that can do things previous generations could not. Vector thrusting and some massive amount of thrust provided by those snazzy pratt and whitney F119 turbofans. You're assuming 3 gripns will be able to find the f-22. F-22 shouldnt have to ever get close enough for an enemy to see/find them. F22 determines who will be able to see them. 5th gen fighter: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth-generation_jet_fighter In a sense they are. Most of these companines are limited by what tech they can and cant export and who they are allowed to export to. I believe the guy was only using what was available around him. Oak apparently provided the best bang. Who knows what else that we could use that would scale. Apple has had a renaissance lately. I believe they are more of a world company based in Cali. Thanks I wanst sure on the technical details. Nice to see the problem has been isolated to the valve. >Maybe the younger generation, much more focused on and exposed to computer/electronics brands, doesn't care much for Boeing or GE. But to anyone here over 30, Boeing is pretty damn 'American'. This is why I said that, younger people see Apple more than older people do because of the "renaissance." You could easily counter with the Apple 2 in the 80s... Edit: they want to be Californian, they are different note how it doesnt say designed in America. I think that the question is "How can I mitigate the risk my online identity poses?" Once on the web I dont think you can get off, the tag I use on HN is one I have used for years, but in those past years I was always a lurker almost never ever commenting (until recently). Now when I search my tag on google HN comments come up, my NSA comments could label me as anti-govt, but thats not the case. Without going RMS I dont think you can really get off-web if you still want to use the internet in any fashion. > he would receive protection under due process laws Reminds me when DOJ sent an entirely redacted document in response to a FOIA request. http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2013/05/justice-departm... Nice this is awesome I dabbled in iOS dev one summer but my simple apps looked horrible. If you can find something that targets children the parents will buy. When I worked in a restaurant you wont believe how many parents would just give the kid an iPad/iPhone so they would calm down, worked immediately. Kudos for making an app that actually has the kids learning instead of some trippy cartoon to watch. 2.99 is a good price to pay for a decent app any more and I probably would look for something else, the days of .99 across the board are long gone. Yes some cases it was bad/lazy parenting. A few times I saw whole families that would each have their own tablet with minimal interaction with each other. But those were extremes most families would take away the tablet during the meal or after. Kids tend to get crazy in anticipation of the food, the tablet calmed them. I am pretty sure it is assumed they have root access if a hacker has installed malicious software that is taking web cam pics without a light on... >A Spotify Premium user isn't the average music fan. Disagree I consider myself the average music fan and the reason I like this service is that I have all my music with me where ever I go, even if its not my device. Other people I know who use Spotify are mostly average the other half isnt. Spotify has converted me from a pirate in my younger days to a paid music subscriber. I am all about cross platform these days. S4 GE phone, iPad, MBP laptop, and a windows desktop powerhouse. iTunes Match sucked when I used it last but its been a while. I believe there is a difference between heavy user (myself) and above average music fans. I will concede that maybe more than half are above average. Above average meaning they go to many music festivals and follow what artists are doing. I will have to check out Rdio. Heard of it a lot but havent had the pleasure. Also I love a good UX/UI. >American Students Are the Best Trolls and the Worst Programmers Do you think the trolling had any effect on Americans being the worst programmers. Or were the Americans who tried coding truly "the worst." How did you determine Americans were even the ones you were talking to (by time zone?). I would like to see some data for the total students who participated by each country. I dont doubt Americans were big trolls. I remember high school... Thanks for the response. I was unable to attend the Hour of Code my company did for a few local schools. They probably were forced. My company did some things for a local elementary school. > I had a very strong case of ADHD, and I'll tell you what I stuck out like a sore thumb. Yup > During my adolescence I found the anarchist cookbook. I used to read through it, fascinated with its ideology, and sometimes building various explosives and weapons. Yup > I got in trouble with the law more times than I'd like to admit. Yup > I was very angry and paranoid Still fighting the anger I have from no where. I am not paranoid though the Snowden stuff is making me somewhat. > I try and go out of my way to say kind words and help others, and I'm a much happier person. These are things I try to do otherwise I find myself acting ill towards people. I am not sure which hit me more the article or your comment. Glad to see there are others who acted the way I did in my younger days and are striving to become a better person everyday. This past May I finally graduated from a decent regional college with a degree in Information Systems and now have an awesome job doing what I love. These kind of comments are what caused me to never comment on the internet about things. I always hated the negative tone people have on the internet and how critical they always are. Its easy to say things when you arent looking at someone in the face. Recently I have started commenting on various websites and I am enjoying it but still those negative people come out of the woodwork given an opportunity. I too sometimes fall into that behavior but never say anything humiliating. > Designing a protocol so that is does not leak is very hard. In some of the security classes in school some of my teachers said it was better to use an open and trusted protocol than reinvent the wheel. They cautioned against using a closed source or proprietary protocol because there was not way to "vet" the code. I trust industry vetted solutions over "hip" new solutions that arent open. I am not sure if Telegram is open or not. The college I went to had an online job posting board, I would check it weekly. Often there would be some startup on the careers page with the Title: "Rock Star Code Monkey Ninja wanted - Start your Career" Guess which ones didnt receive my resume? I dont have a posting but there was one company that always had the title "Ignite your career." I found out later the average turnaround was 6 months. Glad I turned down that job. Out of 5 classmates that chose them, only one was working 9 months later. I think that career gives the person some optimism about the posting but it may give false hope to someone they are hiring just to get the product built or for only one project. The only ones I dont like are the ones with a lot of buzzwords or code monkey type lingo. Could you provide some information where the NSA conducted Industrial Espionage? Merkel is a politician so I could see why she was targeted. As far as I know China is the only one being blamed for Industrial Espionage. NSA is snooping on citizens and interest groups. Note: I am no way in favor of any snooping on any countries citizens foreign or domestic. >German companies had their trade secrets stolen by American intelligence agencies, which in turn gave those secrets to US competitors. I have yet to see anything like this in the news. Thats crazy to think the NSA is helping companies with trade secrets. That could be a side effect of tapping into a network hub or something. Does Petrobas have any ties to organized crime? I dont see where it says they passed that info to American companies. Please dont think I am downplaying this I am just trying to understand why. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/09/nsa-spying-braz... Show me the slides I want to see the evidence myself. All I am seeing now is the words of various reporters. I am trying to grasp at something that would justify it. Its beyond belief that they are actually doing this. Who's the good guys in this world or are the "people" the only good guys left? I am too naive... Secret handshakes and back alley deals...who are the politicians really here for the "people" or the lobbyists. My own views of my Govt are getting tainted more and more each day. About the slides, on some of the other reports they provided pictures of the slides. On the petrobas article no slides were provided. I wouldnt take a bus if it got attacked with a brick and had a shattered window. I use one of these tokens for work. Spying is one thing but destroying encryption is another evil thing to do. If the NSA has introduced bugs in crypto then who's to say someone else can exploit the same crypto. > These are Burning Man hippies, self-styled artists, people who graduated from great schools with useless majors, and the usual constituent of the Bay Area's overprivileged poverty tourists: 20-30 y/o white kids from middle class families. New name for them: Hipstervists I wasn't sure I skimmed half the article. It did have a giant image of one the tokens though. This is extremely awesome and I support it. I have sensitive files with tax info and some software keys I like to keep protected. NSA aside I don't want some malware or vulnerability in my system allowing intruders to take my stuff. Sure it could but would it be smart enough to find the crypt file. Hopefully McAfee can help with the key logger. Does anyone have a list similar to this for OS X? Thank god. I'd rather live in a world that represents everyone than to have a ruling class consisting of a single type. I appreciate what Google is doing for software compared to other companies but most people I know are buying a chrome book because its cheap. I feel that an Internet only connected computer isn't the way to go. Chrome only sucks. I want a real OS. Most ATMs are in running on Windows 7 with PC hardware. The hardware is probably custom made but still very similar to what you would find in a desktop. As far the network, you cant access ATMs from the Internet at least in the US. Most of the providers have leased lines to a central server somewhere and then leased lines to whatever 3rd parties they talk to. US banks arent too crazy on letting people remotely service ATMs that are having software problems. Basic ATMs found in gas stations and liquor stores are different. All the ATMs in big banks have a safe at the bottom that houses the case made of 1/4 inch or so steel plates. >The problem is, I have a MacBook Air and delete key is only 3mm apart from power key and I mishit it from time to time The problem seems to be with the user not with the Mavericks update. Stop accidentally pressing the power button, problem solved. I realized the first time I clicked on a Facebook app and it automatically spammed my friends and my wall that FB apps were something I wouldnt be using. Not only because of privacy concerns but also because of spamming concerns. Considering all of Finland is about the same population size as the metro area I live in (Metro Atlanta), I think this is irrelevant. Also considering Jolla's home is Finland I am sure they enjoy a pricing advantage or a sense of pride buying something made in Finland. That being said I would really like to see an outsider come into the US and gain some marketshare. >most people I know use most of their time off for family obligations and "work outside of work" like home repairs. This is a crap situation. Some companies are changing this approach and allowing remote working. Many people on my team will work remote and a day they need to get the garage repaired and just work around their work requirements. Combine with flex time it works out pretty good. I wasnt sure about the pricing advantage, some would say we get one for iPhones in the US but others say we are paying for it by getting locked into 2 year contracts. Some of the World is just as involved as the US. They are spying on everyone too. Been doing to credit card trick for years on locks when I found myself without the proper keys. Never tried a coke can but I have trashed a couple cards trying to get inside. I usually keep an old gift card in my car or wallet for this purpose. Why does desktop chrome seem to have taken a plunge about 6 months ago giving FF the lead over non-IE browsers? I had a teacher who recommended W3Schools to her students, she thought they were related to W3C and she was shocked to learn they weren't. I use to not get why people value them so high but if you look at the age group of pre-teens - early twenties, most of the younger users almost use it exclusively while the older ones use it along with Facebook/Instagram. What I dont understand is how they make money beside getting people to invest in them. Currently I am taking designs from a media company and have to turn their PSDs into real code. Is the process easier in Illustrator-- Design to HTML/CSS? Or does it to build the UI elements easier? No. I am tired of managers asking me to design mockups or create process flows in Powerpoint because they dont want to take money out of their budget. Adobe CS6 and Visio do it much better and the level of detail you can obtain is much greater. Lawyer talk and double speak. Bill Clinton got away with the Monica comment about sex and so will the next bunch about something different. Keeps your friends close and your enemies closer. In this case why not spy on the people who have the power to cut your funding. Even though its clearly wrong and sounds like something North Korea does. OK that's what I thought. I have a project right now where I'm translating some PSDs into HTML its what I've done in the past but I haven't tried illustrator. In the area I live in oxycontin could be considered an epidemic at times. Times have changed its no longer acceptable to have a mistress no matter what position you're in. /r/learnprogramming and /r/programming Everything was going fine until about the 5th slide or page. I got some pretty nasty thing happen: http://i.imgur.com/7b7nhFB.png Using Chrome 31.0.1650.63 on OS X Mavericks JS is on, the only plugins I use in Chrome are AdBlock and Disconnect. Once I get to the 3rd slide it starts to appear on the page. When I go forward or backward on the slides/pages the jumbled content is still stuck on my screen overlaying the content I should be seeing. >I haven't noticed that having a PhD in physics is any bar to success in such fields. If you factor in the time in takes to obtain a PhD vs the time it takes to graduate from finance, programming, or petroleum engineering. The route is much faster than the PhD route in the time it takes to become employed. Factor in the experience you would already have if you graduated with a lessor degree + the money you didnt spend on post grad studies. The non PhD route seems like a better career choice. But most PhDs I have meet are doing what they do because they enjoy it. I know plenty of people who got Bachelor degrees in creative writing or liberal arts that are still working at Starbucks because the degree they got doesnt translate to a job in the real world. The data is skewed if you look only by degree type. It must be looked at by area or field. What do you think spy agencies do? They spy on each other, I believe the part that is wrong is when they spy on innocent citizens. But intercepting military communications is what they do period. Right or wrong its their job, we may not agree with it but its what they are put there to do. >show me any group of five human beings or five apes or five dogs, and I want to see the one where a status difference does not emerge. It’s who we are as creatures. This. The need for management arose once we stopped being nomads and started to organize ourselves into collective groups. Look at Native Americans, even they had Chieftains. You are forgetting this is being backed by Politicians and the organizations lawyers. To them it is not illegal what they are doing, the laws dont apply to people who are not in the US and that is why they think is ok to spy on foreign nationals abroad. >We have a right to be upset if China sells us routers which are bugged. We all agree that those are bad things. Yet we do them to others. This is the hypocrisy of it all. When you do it its bad but when we do its not. Do as we say not as we do. This is the part I dont agree with (and spying on innocent people). Yes it is different because they are a spy agency. Just look at when Militaries fight each other. Are they committing Murder? Maybe in the biblical sense but not in a legal sense. >So what makes them so different They are the government. Dont agree with it but they have already determined they are legally different. Nixon Quote: "Oh, when the President does it, that means that it is not illegal" >namely, the creation of a super-class of humanity who have rights and privileges not granted to the majority? Expand on this. You cant make that argument at the time of the Inquisition it was acceptable to kill people in that manner. Hopefully 600-800 years from now this kind of spying will be a thing of the past. I was trying to look for a traditional group of people that were pre Industrial revolution. That had organized groups of people with leaders or "managers". People started to study management in the 1800s so I wanted something before that time. Working right now so I was in a rush and Indians were the first to come to mind. Managers get chosen to be managers they dont all of the sudden come in after they do something important and say I am a manger or team lead or what have you. I work in an open office and I tend to agree that: Noise causes distractions which lead to a decrease in efficiency. Also, having absolutely no privacy makes me feel vulnerable especially having directors and managers as the closest people within ear shot. We need reforms and more oversight to start. Putting backdoors in consumer devices should not be tolerated but implanting something into a military device is fair game. Let's see what France Germany China and Russia's etc govt are doing in secret. I hope the move helps them and doesnt cause their products to suffer. We use Jira in my organization and I hope that we can eventually get off SVN and move to Stash or Bitbucket. Although thats probably a pipe dream but I still favor Git over SVN. So Siri is for consumer devices and Watson is going to be for businesses. I dont think they are going to be killing each other since they are targeting different markets. It may not be immoral but I doubt the malpractice insurance companies are going to back Doctors who rely on an AI to make diagnoses. I agree that a combination of a panel and AI would make me feel better about a diagnoses. Or maybe ziggy from quantum leap. Agreed depending on the day and my workload I may sit at my desk. Other days I may need to get out of the office and I will go out to eat by myself. >Alternatively when I get stuck on a problem I'll take a longer lunch and get away from my computer for a while. Exactly sometimes problems are solved by taking time away from them to reflect. My lunch varies by my mood and workday but I dont choose to stick with one scenario or another. I adapt to what my needs are. Too bad I returned my purchase to Amazon after I was unable to play during the first week. Corporate Execs from companies like EA and even Microsoft/Xbone are ruining gaming. Mostly I feel bad for Amazon more than Maxis/EA. They probably ate the cost of the game just to satisfy me and a bunch of other people. Exactly I have been playing simcity for as long as I can remember playing computer games. Possibly even before I played Doom. The new Simcity is nothing I wanted and really broke the game for me. I dont think I will be playing this franchise ever again, sadly. So will they shut it down like they did when bought sparrow or bump? I thought sparrow was great for iOS and OS X. Googles gmail app is not as stable. Lately I've been concerned about google and privacy this make make me change my mind and just buy a competitors version of a "nest". The price is what has been keeping me away. So how long till a nest starts collecting my neighbors ssid's or location info and phoning Home? You shouldn't limit the audience to HN. A few years ago we probably wouldn't be as concerned about privacy as we are now. Tell that to people I work with, this is something I just did last week. I dislike doing it and I dont really agree with the camp that slices their page into images. This is exactly what I was wondering about. Take snapchat for example, how are they getting revenue from funding or off their users somehow? Are the VCs funding hoping that a company gets picked up by Google, FB, Twitter etc...? Neither you should buy an SSD. The title of the post is Which Hard Drive Should I Buy? Not which Hard Drive should Back Blaze buy again. As a consumer I wouldnt consider buying a HDD ever again. I would be more interested in a post that details the reliability of SSD manufactures/models. I probably wouldnt unless I have spares (which I do) but regardless of wether the SSD is used for backups or for a primary drive I would still like to see a list like this one. Hopefully in a few more years the prices will be reasonable for a TB of NAND flash. Their leadership team must be grasping at anyway possible to gain revenue. You are assuming that AirWatch is going to stay in ATL. What happens when VMWare wants you guys to move? I dont know why you still consider yourselves a startup, you guys were probably a startup in the Wandering Wifi days but I think those times have past. From what I have heard about working at AirWatch, they dont really care about screwing their employees. Source: friends who used to or still work at AirWatch. So out of the 321,000 orders how many caught a suspected terrorist or foiled a terrorist plot? Ahh that makes sense then. I thought it was referring to the FISA court orders from the NSA, not orders from all agencies. Quit submitting mobile versions of articles. As said below their would be a difference in the subdomain. The only difference is with the LA Times is it turned out decent looking. This is the second mobile site I clicked on today and the other one was horrible for desktop. Most traditional organized crime groups were focused more on vice than drugs. Vice being gambling, prostitution/human trafficking, and loan sharking. Recently crime syndicates have started to develop malware and card skimmers. The drug trade is a portion of organized crime. This looks really great. I have enough knowledge from school and online courses that I really dont need to take another curated tutorial. We havent started development on my main project at work and I am itching to use my new skills. Recently I have been looking for something to collaborate on with more experienced devs but havent found an outlet. This looks like something I was looking for. I have never played with only one lego therefore I refer to them as legos because I play with more than one. Fish are not interlocking pieces that connect together to form larger objects. Ask any kid from age 4-10 if they have ever called legos "lego bricks" Worked in restaurants for years while I was in college. All but 1 restaurant I worked at had systems that asked for the type of card. I dont think this is limited to web forms. Agreed, I use Java for my heavy lifting. Use JS to display the data, provide some client side validation on forms, switch some classes around or manipulate something in the DOM using JQuery or the like. I cant create a full fledged client side JS app but I dont really need to if I have a larger language helping on the server side. Could be a possibility, in the situation where I didnt have to select a card type the system would automatically register the correct type as soon as I swiped the card. What benefits do JS apps have over a server-side language such as Java, C# or Ruby? Especially in an enterprise environment. In most of my limited experience JS has been harder to work with than almost anything I have encountered. My personal experience using JS client side apps has left me feeling sour. Every time I visit a webpage and immediately hit a JS loading screen I cringe. Gmail is about the only I dont completely dislike that I know is written in JS. Could they potentially use it to grab other countries satellites in a time of war? Such as taking down GLONASS or something else. Why would the Air force need a "space truck" and not NASA? Its easy to point the conspiracy theory finger when the military is involved. Especially when they are staying silent about what the plane's purpose is. You must not work in the corporate world. Microsoft has a massive foothold in enterprise: email, instant messaging (lync), excel, word, visio, project, even sharepoint and those are just the pieces you can see not to mention whats going in the backend. Being one of the only Mac users in my office I constantly have to find work arounds for everything. Sadly they will be relevant for a long time we have almost 30,000 people using windows and they wont be learning anything new for a long time if ever. I do hope the changing of the guard will help microsoft to build better products that integrate with OS's beside windows. >When these kids grow up and enter the workforce, they will want to use the tools they know, and will not understand the point of in-house Windows sysadmins, or the software licensing fees. I am inclined to agree. Already I can see the difference in the new interns and new hires at my job. Many of them are using chrome books at home so they tend to use chrome plugins to do everything at work. Also professors and departments at universities are starting to use open source products in their curriculum as opposed to the traditional Microsoft suite. Even the school I graduated from uses google for email. >I've never worked anywhere where the vast majority of people weren't on a Mac. If you are a web designer or creative professional I could see how this could be true for your team. My company provides people with a Dell but for those that wish you can BYOD. 98% of people use the company laptop. Interesting I hope you continue to keep high quality companies on your site. Recently I graduated from college and it was hard to discern which companies were actually good companies to work for and which ones were sketchy companies. Its really nice being able to see the place and people you will be working with. If I am on the job market again I'm going to check out the muse. Interesting I have been watching Netflix more than ever but I havent had any problem. I'm also using Comcast in Atlanta I wonder if its based on region? Fix government corruption and the countries infrastructure and maybe people will start migrating to India instead of away. Graphene is mentioned every 6 months in articles and magazines I read and I cant remember how long this has been going on. Same goes for quantum computing. I really hope at some point it will actually become a reality. The skeptics at the bottom of article dodnt believe graphene will work for digital applications. What would convince an organization to switch for something like Cisco's webex? $999 seems like a lot when I can just use my current laptop with a VGA/HDMI cable plugged into the TV and then share over webex. And I am not really sure about using hangouts. For video conferencing the price is probably a steal over what the cisco telepresence costs. I tend to stay away from floats when I can use display:inline-block. Floats tend to cause me more heartache than they solve. Especially if its a list I always use inline-block but they each have their drawbacks. Before I went off to Mac land I only used vaios from early 2000's to 2010. They were all great computers but I am not sure they kept innovating it seemed like minor updates to most models. In my city they also had Vaio stores just like Apple and most of their products were much better than Dell and Hp at that time. I enjoyed checking them out from time to time. Interesting what causes a successful company to file an IPO? I understand why some do it, they've reached a point where they need funding to scale and already have many private investors. Maybe thats not even right. When I start a company one day I dont think I will ever want to take in public. It seems like you loose too much control over where you are going. Maybe its because I am a build what our customer want type person and not a lets return value to our shareholder by delivering a cheaper product type. Maybe that doesnt make sense. What about OS X? Who shares their key with someone and enters their password? If I worked somewhere that is as sensitive as the NSA I would never share my key. I wouldnt allow someone to use my login at my work to do anything, period. Now its sounds like Snowden was being a spook of his own in order to gain access to data. Hopefully these people wont be indicted. Nice try Google, I was really happy about Atlanta until I saw the cities listed. Most of the cities they listed are in very sketchy areas that probably dont even know the difference between their regular connection and a faster fiber connection. Avondale Estates - not so nice Brookhaven - will probably benefit College Park - crime area, could care less about fiber Decatur - some areas will benefit East Point - crime area Hapeville - crime area Sandy Springs - will benefit, lots of Apartment Complexes Smyrna - will benefit in some areas When they laid fiber down in KC they had each neighborhood sign up and based on how much interest each community had they would have precedence over the others. If the cities they choose dont have an interest then what is the point? Who said anything about white people? No I want Marta just like I want my fiber. Accessible anywhere in and outside the perimeter. Some of those countries listed are smaller than the state I live in (area not population). Also, I believe that in the US we have much higher data caps for home internet. My cap is 300GB a month from Communistcast I cant find the reference now but I remember reading about some places in Europe on giving something like 50GB a month. Sure you may have a faster connection but you will blow through your data cap faster. Tipping goes on becuase most of the people working as waiters at restaurants in American are only getting paid the minimum wage, which for wait staff is $2.14. Depending on the year the exchange rate it could be about 1 EURO or so an hour. > In America you shop for the month since you can fit it all in the trunk. That is absolutely absurd no one shops at the grocery for a whole months worth of food. Most perishable items like meat and produce will barely survive a whole week. Everyone I know usually goes once or twice a week. Most of the time when I have tried DDG the results I got back looked like spam I would get if I clicked on the 3 or 4 result page from a Google search. I think you have a lot of good point here. Friendliness is definitely something that people come to expect from retailers. Could that be why Japanese lines are so fast. Maybe since they are only buying a few goods at a time the lines go quicker. Here is one instance for Germany starting in 2016: http://www.zdnet.com/deutsche-telekom-tweaks-plan-to-bring-i... Here is British Telecom: http://bt.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/10495/~/bt-br... And finally here is a list on Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cable_Internet_provider... Thanks for picking two countries that dont have caps. I guess I shouldve been clearer. What happens when Pirates bored an unmanned ship? Negativity aside, this looks like the future I hope that consumer grade cars/transportation will eventually have this. I can imagine a highway of the future with a lane for autonomous vehicles instead of truck drivers. Heck most airplanes fly themselves. Right, but I was thinking about the damage they could do or what happens if they shut the engines off. Who will come and get the ship and how long will that take. Help could be days away how much could be stolen in that time. I believe the pirates are in it for the insurance money for the hostages anyway I doubt they want to fence any actual goods. I believe that it is certain types of fish oils that are leading over fishing. For instance if you were to buy salmon oil and the salmon was farmed raised then farmed issues aside you wouldnt be overfishing. I believe that generic fish oil does lead to overfishing but if you by fish oil from Wild Salmon chances are they arent fishing solely for the oils. http://www.seafoodwatch.org/cr/SeafoodWatch/web/sfw_factshee... This! Rule 2. I sit in meetings weekly with mangers discussing issues that I know about the most but I can never get them to hear me out. 2. Health Dont believe the hype if you work for a company that is going to sponsor your visa, chances are they will provide health insurance. I pay $25 a month for myself and $175 if I had a family of 4. My girlfriend uses Obama Care and pays $21 for basic insurance. Unless you are self employed then chances are you wont be paying much and now with the new health plans even these plans are affordable. Bitcoin seems way too prone to being stolen or exploited for me to ever take it seriously. I dont have the same problems with exchanging real money, investing real money, and withdrawing real money. Why would I need an online wallet though. I mean that's what I use my bank for. They even give me a small amount of interest for the money I keep there. Anything not in my bank is in a real wallet in my back pocket. BTC is not Cash period. Cash can be held in your hand in the form on Notes or Coins. There is no where around where I live that you could walk in a buy things with BTC. Are you in San Fransisco? I live in a major city (top 10 population in us) and I'm not aware of any place I could go buy grocery, gas, or withdraw money with BTC. She also paid $600 for January on a nonObama plan and was just issued a refund of $500 once she switched to an Obama plan. Sounds like you choose the wrong plan and network. 4 months in advance you are seeing the wrong GP! I could easily switch to a new GP if I tried to make an appointment and they were booked that far in advance. Can you choose you GP in the UK or are they assigned? I feel sorry for this guy. The reign of hell newsweek is about to put on him is not going to be fun. Especially since this guy is pretty ecentric and doesnt like being in the public eye. My hopes are no one tries to rob this guy or kidnap his family to get to his supposed 400m. Agreed, as a beginner I found the amount of configuration that is needed to set up an EC2 instance to be overwhelming. After seeing DO's interface and how easy it is to spin up an new droplet I was hooked. Its been a really great and easy testbed where I can test out new things I am learning. Now I can get a VPS running linux serving up webpages with apache in about 20 min. Add in the great price and I have been hooked for over a year. People easily remember the bad projects but the f-22 program didn't have the same problems. I could never use this if I wanted to put it in any project I work on. For most projects I have worked on so far I have needed to support at least IE 8. That probably wont be changing anytime soon because some user still havent upgraded since they first had a laptop with Windows 7. Not making mobile pages but making pages that are responsive. I really dont see the STEM shortage that people are talking about. Last year I graduated from a local college and we had no shortage of STEM from Biology to Comp Science to Information Systems. We recently bought an engineering school full of students so next year our STEM foot print will be even larger. Lets be honest here sometimes its cheaper to use foreign labor and that is why these companies are doing it. I dont necessarily agree with it but a lot of companies out there are doing it including my employer. Employees are now commodities. Other industries have realized this and now the tech sector is realizing it as well. Especially now that people are more computer literate than they were 20 years ago combined with globalization plus the internet. The pool is much bigger than yesterday. Right, but if more people were playing basketball in schools today than were 20-30 years ago then the talent pool would be much larger today. If you look at people born in the 50s and 60s most of them didnt have a computer to tinker around when they were in their teens or even 20s. But my generation saw the dawn of the Internet. When I was young everyone had a desktop in their house the family shared, now families each have their own computers like laptops and smaller computers like tablets and even smaller devices like phones. 12 year olds are building iphone apps and elementary schools are having programming days. Being a beginner is easier today when you have an internet community and the device of your choice to play with. More people enjoy building websites using blogger or wordpress or what have you and some of them dont even write a single line of html much less CSS. Why does the UK have so much more than the rest of Europe? Is this becuase they speak english or do they have more of an entrepreneurial attitude than everyone else? The spies will spy. This is nothing new you cant fault them for it. Put someone on trial and maybe things will change. Spies spy, that's what I am saying. It is in their nature to be deceptive, that is why I said cant fault them for it. Not in a legal way just it is what they do. Until you hold them accountable they have no reason to change. I am pretty sure a dormitory is the exact opposite of an open floor plan, in most dorms people have their own space that they may share with someone and then common spaces that everyone shares. Contrast to open floor plan where every space is a common area. Doesnt matter for me the deal is still way worth it. I had 3 separate orders this week in my household and one package actually arrived within one day, not even 24 hours. At $99 it is still a deal for the customer if you order often enough. >Is it just those of us who are toiling away in the code mines of megacorps? Code miner here, can confirm we operate Java EE servers but I have never known anyone to use Glassfish, its always that bundled server I download yet never use. We use mostly weblogic and tomcat, there may be a few JBoss app servers somewhere too. I work at MegaCorp but from what I've head from the contractors I work with the banks are the worst places to work. Horrible conditions, mediocre pay, low budget for the project(computers keyboard even mice), and endless work weeks. They said unless you work on the main website people come to (bofa.com, wellsfargo.com) you don't want to work there. I seriously doubt the plane ever reached land. Sadly, we will most likely find the plane at the bottom of the ocean. This is probably the most intelligent explanation I have heard. Everyone wants to make this into some Hollywood action movie with terrorists, kidnappings and sneaking through airspace. Its been a long time Microsoft has done something that makes me happy but this is one of those times. People in my office use OneNote a lot, I use Evernote but I have seen others use OneNote and it looks more powerful. That being said the current state of Office for Mac is horrible, my outlook and lync crash every time I plug in an external monitor, awake from sleep, and sometimes when I switch desktops. They also have weird window behavior and the windows get stuck halfway above the menu bar. Please fix the problems with Office for Mac before you add new products. If it was really hijacked then where are all of the calls from frantic passengers calling family members like on 9/11. I am calling BS on the hijack landing scenario. Do we really live in a word where our first thoughts are always terrorism. I guess the government propaganda machine is really working when our only conclusion to things is it must be terrorism. More funding for the spooks! Who uses a cellphone on a plane anyway? I am talking about satellite phones they put behind some seats in commercial airplanes. http://www.usairways.com/en-US/traveltools/intheair/business... This is really amazing to watch I wish I viewed something like this when I was in a high school world history class. I can remember learning about the Germanic tribes but I never realized how they were put together. The area that is now Germany was very diverse compared to France, England, Italy or even Spain. Pretty fascinating I have always loved looking at maps especially older ones. Right, I didnt realize that Germany was composed of so many different "local areas or lords" compared to other countries like the UK. But most likely they shared common languages and cultures. I guess the map of UK didnt break them down into different subsets because the local leaders may have fell under one united king. And to be honest my knowledge pre WWI Germany or rather the area that is now called Germany is pretty lacking. They taught more about France and England from what I remember in grade school history. I have problems with the 95% figure. Currently I work for the biggest player in the ATM game and every ATM I have seen in our lab has been running windows 7. I am not saying we arent running a crap ton of legacy ATMs but I would say many of our ATMs are running Windows 7 especially if they are for a new customer. We have ~25% of the ATM market so I think 95% is very skewed, the other players should at least have some ATMs off XP. Inline styles have always been common practice for some people... My offshore teammates littered our repo with inline styles for no reason. It completely changed the UI I built for the projects. I spent serval days this week trying to fix it and I am still not done. Ford tried to uproot the dealers years ago and it didnt work. I did a case study in school on this topic, I cant seem to find my source again... Unions need to go...they hurt innovation and sometimes completely destroy it. Really you think the dealer unions didnt lobby to get tesla banned from selling in that state? From: http://www.nj.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/03/chris_christie_... "The state Motor Vehicle Commission last week unanimously passed a rule requiring franchised dealers to sell electric cars rather than allowing manufacturers to sell directly to customers as Tesla does at two showroom locations in New Jersey — at the Garden State Plaza and The Mall at Short Hills." > requiring franchised dealers And who is going to be franchising? The Unions will be. Maybe not in NJ but I gurantee other state's dealer unions are feeling the pressure that may come from tesla. Maybe not in NJ but I guarantee dealer unions are lobbying as we speak to get Tesla banned from various states. They will probably not topple the monopoly as long as we allow lobbying in this Country. Who's agenda do you think the legislators of these bans are following? The people who elect them or the lobbyist who fund them? Who do think is putting pressure on these organizations? >Going to Mars may be sexy, but stomping out Polio makes millions of lives better. Right, both are trying to better man kind in their own special ways. Its a do we solve 1st world problems or do we remember about the rest of the developing world. As I grow older I struggle with which camp I am in. Mars and an electric car do sound good...but conquering deadly pathogens and diseases sound awesome in a different way. I think the point he was trying to make was brilliant men arent exactly: >careful, detail-oriented and have good business sense and skills. He was referring to the brilliant man who dress flashy, go to the hottest clubs, befriend people in higher stature, and dont really contribute to goals. They just have flashy ideas and move on to the next without realizing the goals of the first idea. They may be called associations in some states. I don't think you can open a certain brand dealership in a state with going through them. Ford was trying to let customers order cars online and they would deliver it within a couple weeks or less to a Ford hub. Some states pushed them out before they could try it. I wish we could hold some of our politicians accountable in this fashion. A phone conversations wiki leaks type website would be a killer. Does anyone know of websites that dedicate themselves to find corruption in US politicians? >I'm not knocking this or any particular xxxx-to-mobile platform, but as a native iOS and android developer, I would highly recommend just learning the native languages and frameworks. First off I agree that native wins over some bundled HTML5 app anyday of the week. But for many reasons companies still choose to use phone gap or another framework to compile HTML into a native app. The first and foremost reason is that a lot of organizations have plenty of web devs available with skills to build web apps. Managers would rather leverage the skills they already possess. Believe me I do web dev as part of my job and I still try to make the case that Native is better for mobile. In the end it is cheaper to use developers they already have with tools the devs a familiar with (HTML/JS) than to hire several new devs to code against different mobile OS's. Right or wrong Managers and Organizations like cheaper and faster. Can someone at least style the dashboard? Does the Mayor really only care about street lights, pot holes, and graffiti? I wonder if my city has something like that. Oh wait the past Mayors of Atlanta have been corrupt like Bill Campbell who took all the money. CS in high school doesn't exist in most schhool you can't compare it with bio or math. Students may change their major more then once. What matters is the college graduation rates, companies looking for college grads in stem no a high school diploma. That's quite true. With CS you can get hired right out of college but with other fields like bio and physics more schooling is required. I don't think a lot of students in the US want research positions (or qualify for them). So yes I believe that you're right it's an apples to oranges comparison. How do they determine what browser version users are on so they can show the right version of jellydoughnut-xx? >still on IE9, there might be a reason you haven't upgraded. Corporate IT users sometimes dont have a choice which is the case for some users on my current project. 2011 isnt that long ago to support something for a corporate app but I guess things move much faster other places. Exactly my thinking. Its rare to see American person did X or American company did Y. But it may be because I am on the inside looking out. It sounds to me like Oculus just sold out. Great now instead of a new way to game we are going to have something like Lawnmower Man Facebook. I thought the Virtual Boy was causing kids to have problems with their eyes because they were staring at redlines all day. When it first came out I remember going to blockbuster and waiting in line to play some sports game I cant remember what it was called. Look at the women in the center clapping, her face says it all. "Must clap harder or leader will do away with me." Someday these people are going to be free of oppression. I hope the next president focuses on more important things than Tesla. Anyway this seems to be a battle at the state level I dont really know if the Federal Govt should get involved. What exactly was the legal reason for the ban in NJ? Sounds a lot similar to what people used to do back in the day with a terminal connected to a central computer. Technology seems to move in circles. Anyway if it can beat my horrible corporate VDI I am all for it. Although Initech probably wont be switching to some fancy new AWS anytime soon. Yea its like nations say Russia cant take Crimea. Yet NK can slaughter and oppress an entire nation and no one flinches. Could the fired employee seek damages for wrongful termination? I dont recall what brought about this whole non poaching case. Awesome. Fellow Atlanta native I think this is really great, I hope you can start a trend here. I would love to be able to see all the start ups in my city. Exactly the circle is completing itself again. I can remember doing a case study in College where Larry Ellison was trying to push thin clients to companies sometime in the 90s. Basically politics and lobbying parties. (Auto Dealer Associations) For my company, I dont believe its the actually VDI causing me problems, I'm pretty sure its our horrible internal network. >I'd argue that IE is primarily used in corporate settings I wouldnt make that distinction. While its probably true that some corporate users are still stuck on XP. Most non techy people I know (which is almost everyone) just buy a new laptop open it up and start using IE. They will probably never upgrade unless the computer tells them or does it automatically. Its sad this guy is losing his job over an unrelated personal choice. But: Who donates money to stop same sex marriage? I mean I have much bigger things on my plate than stopping someone from making a lifestyle choice. And I have MUCH better things to do with my money. Went to the same school as the girl who got the Spanish degree, Kennnesaw State University. I had no shortage of finding job opportunity. Its all about the degree, most of the business school kids were finding decent jobs too. Even though its a lesser known college most of us in STEM majors easily found jobs with small-large companies in Atlanta. Its all about your what your degree is in, not how many you have. Why are the obligated to give something out for finding a flaw? My Employer does this also, all sites are our intranet switch IE into IE7 compatibility mode. Does matter if the need compatibility mode or not. We recently released a version of the web app I am building and I wish you couldve seen the horror on our faces when we saw the app in IE 7 mode. >X-UA-Compatible to IE=edge I believe we added this as a meta tag on the HTML pages, we didnt think of changing the HTTP header on the server. I doubt they will be willing to change the IT group policy because the app we built has a smaller userbase than other apps. That and they are still supporting web apps from the late 90s - early 00s designed for IE 5/6. I think they are looking for more of a Office Manager, someone to handle the day to day operations, than someone to manage people. >There is absolutely nothing that breaks immersion and destroys your enjoyment of a game universe like listening to teenagers talking smack. Sounds like my experience with console games lately except I don't even think some of them are even teenagers yet. It really ruins some of the new games. I wish we had a reliable way to play online games and play by age groups. Perhaps when our generation becomes seniors we will still play games. When I said not teenagers I was talking about people younger than 13, and believe me they are all over any COD game. Trust me some of them told me how old they were as they sang Miley Cirus songs to everyone playing. The 20 somethings just talk trash and are rude the kids are just annoying and never stop talking. Without going point by points to counter every reason I would like to say I absolutely love continuous scrolling when I am shopping or looking at items on a retailers website. >Users will lose the page length orientation - the browser scrollbar become useless. This is entirely untrue I can still use my scrollbar to get back to the top of the page again, it can also be used to easily skim the results that were displayed. For most retail shopping I actually would rather have this than pagination especially if I am lazily browsing on my ipad, no reason to change hand positions. Not working in Chrome on OS X. Seems to look ok in FF and Safari although I am not sure where the input for color is supposed to be positioned, it looks out of place. I see you used Zerb Foundation, how did you like it I am thinking of using it on a side project. Edit: Working in Chrome after a few refreshes. I can see your point. The best use I have seen is a hybrid approach. Load 10 or so out of 100 items, use continuos scroll to show the remanding 90 and then use pagination to access the other results. I dont actually know, usually I just slide back to the top of the page and slide down to where I think I need to be. The article said those hours include 2 hours of lunch and breaks during the day. No, we either go out to lunch or eat at our works cafe if they have one. But either way most people only take 30min - 1 hour for lunch tops. Unless someone is in from out of town everyone usually is back within an hour. At least this is how most of the companies I've worked for and most people I know. But some do choose to eat at their desk, but why? I sit there all day. Exactly, I only know of one person who goes home for lunch but that is because he lives half a mile away. Part of the problem is customer not wanting to update systems already in place (update to a new version of Aloha). I work for the company that makes Aloha and I can see the newer products we are offering yet not many restaurants I frequent seem to be using the new versions. We also make one for small business called Silver but I dont know how much has caught on. Or in my company's case we dont innovate we "buy" it and then add our logo. It really sucks because I can see what new technologies can bring to the table. I really feel POS systems should run on any desktop hardware. $8,000 and month dollars for a two bedroom apartment, that is ridiculous. You could own several large house where I live. I am tired of hearing about these silly SV-SF problems. Build more and the problem will stop. >Many processed food products are protein-poor but are engineered to taste like protein. I think MSG may be the culprit here. In college I worked in a large Chinese restaurant, we didnt use it but many people would ask if we did. It go me thinking so I did little research. MSG gives the taste called umami. I started looking through my pantry and many items I snack or junk food items contain it. I thought the military uses Ada? Edit: Link in case anyone is interested from the discussion below is interested. http://www.seas.gwu.edu/~mfeldman/ada-project-summary.html Ummm.... tell that to the people I know who work at lockheed. Edit: did some research and the people I know work on projects started before the change; F-22/C-130. And it wasnt 20 years ago more like 15, although I couldn't find an exact date. Interesting I always figured they used C or C++ but when I found out about ADA's use I was confused because I had never heard of it. I actually was able to watch the F-22s maiden flight back in 1997 I guess same year as the C++ change. They are going to down vote us because we are not discussing the newest flavor of ABC. And as we all know ABC can do everything and since their startup uses it everything else is obsolete or dead. So the "backbone" of a 787 is considered a really, really old program? http://www.adacore.com/customers/787-dreamliner-common-core-... I wonder what kind of role the US had in helping aid the Ukraine revolution? or what role they will have now that its going to be another west vs Russia/Putin showdown. Came here to say this is what I have been wanting to build. I did some research a while back but I was trying to find a USB thermistor that would work with high temps. All I could find was devices that were probably meant for measure outside temp or ambient air temp. Right, I would be wanting two temps, meat and temp at the grate. Also it would have a fan to control the BBQ temp like the BBQ Gurus or Pitmaster IQ (the one I use currently). I dont do comps but I do a lot of backyard smokes, I would like to do some amateur comps once I get better. >It never crossed my mind that he had been FIRED. What would you call terminating someone? You can be fired and still be on good terms and have a healthy relationship but you still let that person go or fired them. Please dont be so naive next time you let someone go. We dont get a job to make friends we do it to make a living. If my company fired me and gave me x amount of time till I had to leave, I would probably not being going above and beyond any longer. My body may be at work but my mind is focus on the new job or job search. I never really got into minecraft, do people just mine and build things or do you actually have a story/things to complete? I guess there would probably be that distinction in American English as well. In casual conversation I may say I was fired because they didnt have anymore work left when in fact I was more likely laid off. Either way I wouldnt me motivated no matter how I was let go. I am still losing my job. Building your own website to showcase your skills is great. In the professional world LinkedIn is a great place to stay connected professionally especially with older people. Most of the time when someone asks if I have LinkedIn it is because they are leaving the company and still want to stay in touch professionally or even endorse my skills. Both have benefits but try to see outside the HN bubble. This is great but I still feel like the elephant is still in the room. The elephant being the patents themselves. When Bitcoin was at $30 and then dropped to $8 I thought it was a bad buy. At the time I didnt have any money but I am still just enjoying watching the ride. >Where previously typing “ruby” would send you to ruby.com and dump you on the Kay Jewelers site, now it directs you to ruby-lang.org by way of a Google results page. Of course this benefits Google, but it’s also better for users. Usability 1, URLs 0. I dont see this as a benefit to users, most people I know dont even have a concept of what programming languages are. If I were to say Ruby they would be thinking of the gem. >But the modern Java developer uses Gradle...there are quite a few things that are quite, though not very, common, but still require dropping down to imperative Groovy. This is the first time I have heard of Gradle, but why would I use a build tool that requires me to learn Groovy. If I already know Java I wont be learning something new just to build a Java project. I find a lot of development tools/frameworks make me learn B just to get started with A, its really frustrating for someone with limited experience IMHO. >Easier to read than a pom.xml, for sure. In that case I will have to check in out on a side project. My current projects at work are using Ant or Maven and I dont really like sorting through the pom.xml especially if someone else set it up. >but I find the idea that businessmen own everything a programmer works on just because he's an employee abhorrent. Just to play devils advocate here, sometimes it is the businessman with the idea and the programmers who implement the idea and create the tech. Should the Idea man get the rights or the "workers" digging the trench. A lot of large companies have policies that anything you make in your off time is owned by them. I can see why they do it my company has probably spent thousands on training and employee development and they want the return. It may not be a popular thing for some people (including myself) but I see why they do it. As wrong as it may seem the courts still side with the companies. What's to stop me from directly copying what I am doing at work and trying to compete with them? It wouldnt be fair if every employee you hired could just quit then rip you off once they figured out everything. Fortunately my company has a process where you can legally clear your side projects as long as it isnt in conflict or competes with the company. How does this have to do with "Americans"? I think the comparison was more towards indegionus native people verses civilized ones? Where is the comparison to other more civilized people like Europeans, Asian countries, Africans, or even Russians. >more than 96 percent of the subjects tested in psychological studies from 2003 to 2007 were Westerners—with nearly 70 percent from the United States alone. And I didnt see any data from what happens when they did the "money game" with Europeans, Asians, Africans, even developed South Americans. What if I told you I am not a very experienced java programmer and learning something new wouldn't really help me become a better java programmer. That and my employer uses Java and randomly chooses PHP sometimes for no apparent reason. I ask just as many questions as comments. If the readers dont agree with the question then I get massive down votes. Note - I'm not in SV. Until I graduated from college it was hard to get anyone to take me seriously or even respond. I think the barriers to enter the tech job market with no experience or degree is so much higher today. >And since it uses remote database servers that police access online, floods of data won't cause system crashes or be expensive to store. Most agencies, Edson said, "don't have lots of bandwidth lying around." I dont really get what they mean here. Are they saying since the DB is in the cloud /remote it isnt subject to crashing? So basically shifting the blame onto a 3rd party instead of an internal team. I believe it said they moved to AWS hopefully they wont have a zone go down during a riot. We have choices in most large markets in the US but the one common factor is horrible customer service. You're likely to pay a lot for high performance. A unicorn. A U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier. A one time thing. English is a pain even for non ESL and that's especially true in the South! I think this may be a good thing. Kind of like a house cleaning for businesses. I can count on both hands how many companies I find out about each week and ask myself how are these people still in business. I am willing to spend a couple dollars more on Amazon in the rare event they dont have the best price just becuase of Amazon Prime. Sometimes I will even go to a bookstore to make sure the book I want to buy isnt complete garbage and proceed to purchase it on Amazon right in the store. >That means more people are deciding to work for an established company instead of starting their own. Maybe established companies are seeing more growth. Not everyone wants to work for a new/struggling company, a lot or people want job security (if there is such a thing). I think part of this could be the decline or brick and mortar stores. Nowadays I probably wouldnt want to open a Hardware store vs the 70s. We have companies like Home Depot who drive the smaller guys out but they also create a lot more jobs and have better benefits than a Mom and Pop hardware store can provide. So is it a good thing, yes and no depending on how you look at it. I really need more info on the factors that are causing the decline. >A small company can grow 100x in a couple of years and it doesn't seem weird, whereas a large company growing even 2x would be remarkable. You cant compare a company going through that first big growth. If you have a million dollar a year company grow by 100x to 100 million in a year or more is that really providing more growth than the company I work for which grew by ~101 million over Q1 last year. Which is helping the economy more? What happens to the employees when the small company is bought out or fails to grow the next year. Conversely what happens next year if my company shrinks by that same 101 million in Q1 2015? We probably wouldn't start laying people off but would the small company? This is also interesting it provides a little insight into why small companies may be struggling whereas larger ones are seeing growth: http://www.forbes.com/sites/ianshepherdson/2013/09/10/small-... You are arguing for small business but the census links are mainly showing people who are self employed and have no employees besides themselves. How can a one person company grow the economy and provide jobs? Interesting, lets go back to the original subject of the article. Do you think these small companies the article said are failing are actually "companies" in the traditional sense or one man operations combined with "tax saving" contractors? It seems we may need more data to draw conclusions. I am only familar with .com .net or .org domains. Do some of these ccTLDs require you to register with someone/some entity in that country? My eyes would get strained on a iPhone 4 after reading articles or browsing the web. So I switched to a Galaxy S4 I love the bigger screen size but I am still partial to iOS, thankfully I still have my iPad. I think the movie Lawnmower Man 2 had something like this. This sounds like a great plan but I think the FCC probably cares as much about access to neocities as they actually care about the consumers. If we could find a 3rd party the FCC depends on for their IT infrastructure and then limit that pipe, it might have some effect. I love it. If the govt can shut itself down like last year then the people should be able deny them services. Its amazing they actually made the switch. I would not want to working at the helpdesk if my company switched to Linux! Too bad I hate open office because that is my last dependency on Microsoft. I'll still take OS X for my daily computer over Linux any day. Why would anyone knowingly subject themselves to 80-90 hour weeks. The money and success you make in the short term could very well be overshadowed by health problems. A guy at my work doing high stress support work recently had a heart attack. >When I was a machine operator at Harte-Hanks outside of Baltimore, I worked a 76 hour week without a day off for three months straight (12h * 5, 8h * 2). Was it worth it though? It doesnt look like you are still at that job. The salmon dinner didnt cause the stroke, its not usually what you are doing at the time that causes the heart attack/stroke. It was probably the decades of bad health/choices whatever that caused it. >Right now, somebody in Germany is wondering how I can deal with only having 2 weeks of vacation a year Hell right now I am asking myself why I dont live in Europe. So your friend was the 1 in 10. What happens to the other 9? For me my priorities are providing for my future family and being there with them. I wouldnt want to be gone when my child walks or other small events early in life. My thinking exactly, if you are only screwing bolt A and B to nut A and B every time I dont think you have a lot of job stress, youre just working long hours. I knew a guy who worked 60 hours a week putting stickers on a package he loved his job. No stress and his productivity determined his pay no. So is this going to replace the massive amount of Spam emails restaurants send me? Or will it be in addition? I havent grasped my head around the core issue Oracle is trying to sue them for. Are they saying you need a license to use the API? For example something like java.util? Most people at my company who are attending Agile training/conferences or whatever are definitely not technical people. Mostly they are Project Managers, Continuos Improvement Six Sigma types, or non-technical people put on software projects. I've always wondered if our Devs know Agile practices already, learn it on the fly, or dont care. I am going with the latter. Imagine that, a government organization spending all their money on high paid consultants with nothing to show for it. I wonder how many of these consultant firms had ties to Booker and his cronies. I can specifically remember dropping a Pysch elective I was required to take simply because the teachers format was horrible. One midterm one final, lectures everyday taken straight from the powerpoints the publisher provided with the teaching edition, same with the tests. I'm sorry but talking isnt teaching I can read the book word for word at home, explain the concepts do some activities anything please! Most classes I got A's in and learned something had hands on activities in addition to the lecture. Electric cars IMHO are missing the point, which is to get off fossil fuels. When you switch to an electric vehicle you are just shifting from Gas to Coal. The US still relies heavily on fossil fuels to power the grid. My question has always been: Does shifting from gas to depending on the electrical grid actually help? Or are we just smoking cigars (or e-cigs) instead of cigarettes? Also, what is the downside to collecting Hydrogen? >Yes, because the whole world has the same reliance on fossil fuels as the US. Notice how I said US instead of World . That was done on purpose. >Long or short term? Electrical vehicles do not care where the power comes from. Long term: if the state I lived in switched to 50% usage of EVs overnight. How much more Green House emissions would be generated by the power plants? Would it be an overall decrease of GH gasses for my state? I doubt the hydro power is going to help that much. http://www.georgiapower.com/about-us/media-resources/plant-b... >If it is from fossil fuels, it is kinda obvious. It is apparently possible to sequester CO2 from the process of extracting hydrogen from natural gas, but I have no idea if it is even required by regulations, or economically viable. Interesting I didnt realize we had to use natural gasses to get H. Wow even Helium is produced from Natural gas. Thanks! Great to hear it from the Horse's Mouth. I am going to watch that Ted talk. >These are kids really really smart, socially adjusted (enough to be accepted by Ivy League), and hard working. If they entered science/medicine/engineering/etc, they would've added great positive impact. IMHO I believe the kids the banks are stealing from science/medicine/engineering/etc, are not kids that would truly follow those paths. Personally once I found IT I didnt want to leave and nothing was going to deter me from it. Not even a big salary from another industry (I'd take a fat IT salary though). Sometimes these kids are so smart they just choose a smart degree with no hopes of pursing a career in that field. I lived next to a very smart and talented guy getting his MBA at Emory. He was some sort of risk accessor for a company but imagine my surprise when I learned he had a Mechanical Engineering BS, he told me he never wanted to do Engineering he thought it was a good degree to have instead of a straight Business Major. You cant get the same content in the same quality from places like Netflix or Youtube. I like to watch new shows not reruns of shows/movies I have already seen, most of the time I have seen them multiple times. I am looking at you netflix. You name companies that all have export bans on parts or all of their high tech stuff. >1. The NSA have been implicated in economic hacking/spying/espionage throughout the Snowden leaks. Do you have a source? Curious because I have only seen things related to eavesdropping or bulk data collection. I am wondering if I missed something major. I see no proof on that page. I just see the word of a reporter, on most of his other reports there were links to slides or documents. I hope this part is true: >"What we do not do, as we have said many times, is use our foreign intelligence capabilities to steal the trade secrets of foreign companies on behalf of – or give intelligence we collect to – US companies to enhance their international competitiveness or increase their bottom line." Sounds like they are capturing data like this but not giving it you. What would they need it for? I dont see an honest reason or response. I dont see anything in the article someone else brought up linking to a Snowden doc. I want to see the Snowden doc that talks about Petrobras specifically. Glenn Greenwald didnt even write that article, thats another reason I am having problems with the credibility. It sounds like a Fox News type channel in Brazil is making accusations but I want evidence not hearsay. Link: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/09/nsa-spying-braz... Or the NSA is providing a framework for the DEA and other agencies to use in the future. I think they are the cutting edge of this sort of thing. Think about military tech that we now use in everyday life, lots of innovations come from military applications. Think about memory foam and NASA. Think about it they have more money to spend than anyone; corporation or government. I enjoy doing web development on my MBP it has everything I need Microsoft wise for work email and Lync. Terminal is great to work in and connecting to a remote server is a much better experience than in windows. Plus you have most of the unix commands you a already familiar with. I can easily create a new vm of whatever I need anytime I need to. http://modern.ie actually has some VMs you can use to test IE 7,8,9 etc on OSX, or even linux and windows. That pretty much sealed the deal as far as windows dependencies. Although I am still stuck with a corporate VDI for some work items. I think its our job to teach our own kids, if the govt cant do anything because of all the naysayers and doubters then its left to upon the parents. My parents challenged me in Math at a young age and I was always a step ahead in school. Also as a nation we need to stop putting everyone on the same playing field. Students will always be left behind lets start focusing on programs that will help the smart and the challenged, not one program for all. I dont think common core was around in the 90s. Besides the tracks still share common math requirements. I believe at my school the only difference was you didnt have to take Math your senior year for vocational. (Of course honors/AP would be taking advanced courses). I was trying to say common core was "one program for all".