Hopefully it's simply to obscure to get any kind of pre-order status. Yeah, the whole 34/68GB is all on a single beefy server. There are systems that let you access remote node's memory in a NUMA type system over fast interconnects, but they're _very_ expensive and have horrible latency. Look up INTERCAL. Brainfuck isn't too hard, just tedious. INTERCAL on the other hand was designed to be as big of a pain in the ass ass possible. People like to use the phrase "fighting with the compiler," but this is a language where the compiler is actually actively out to get you. : ) Well, in their defense, while someone may not be called an Autocad engineer, they can certainly be called civil engineer focusing on concrete stresses. Calling them an Autocad engineer would be like me calling you an eclipse or vi programmer. Ultimately I think we're confusing tool and end product here. I think you're missing the original point I was trying to make. Java and .Net aren't really the tools, they're the medium in which you work. Just like that civil engineer understands the trade offs invovled with different kins of concrete ad using it in different ways, the Java programmer understands the trade offs involved with the API and VM, in addition to generic CS tradeoffs. Look at the following two fake resume excerpts: Bob T. Builder : Civil Engineer with Emphasis in Concrete Stress ---Skills--- Autocad : Industry Used Physics Modeling Software Suzie M. Hacker : Java Programmer ---Skills--- Eclipse : Ant They seem roughly equivalent to me... Actually, I think he did it on a significantly less powerful system. Just an Athlon64x2 or similar. CUDA could speed it up considerably. Actually the DMCA has an exemption for allowing software interoperability. This sounds like exactly the situation that it was designed not to protect against. I totally disagree with the point of this article. It's (fairly) easy to add features until you're UI is cluttered. The hard part is making the decision between what features need to be added and which detract from your final presentation. In most cases, I've found that the right balance finds itself closer to minimalism than not. He's tried to, but it exploded all of the computers in a five mile radius. Now he has nothing to blog with. I can't think of a modern OS/ISA combination where that's the case. State will get saved on a kernel mode stack (if not somewhere else totally). This is because the stack pointer is controlled by user mode, and you don't want it to do something like set the stack pointer to some area in kernel space, and then invoke a software interrupt in order to overwrite privileged code or data. This is a pretty commmon technique in video games generally referred to as "data driven design". Basically put as much of the runtime decisions that are made into a data value that can be tweaked by designers without having to ask an engineer to do it each time. That's too bad, I was really looking forward to playing around with TSX on some side projects. And as an engineer, this makes sense to me. True innovation in the field is respected just as much as if not more than implementation details. Not to mention the issues with reference counting in general. Having to make sure you don't have (even indirect) circular references means you have to explicitly think about ownership anyway. IMO, the fact that they decided to respond at all is a really good sign for the viability of RISC-V. > Wherever you would have written "socket.close()", in rust you can just say "drop(socket)". The difference is, it takes advantage of the ownership system to statically prove that you won't try to use the socket after close. Does a drop somehow say something to the type system as well, disallowing reads and writes afterwards? I'm new to rust, sorry if that's a stupid question. Linux won't run on most Cortex-Ms that this is for. These devices have 192KB of RAM on the high end and no MMU. It's back up now. To play devil's advocate, I can't think of a single mainstream distro that doesn't fork and patch the kernel as well. And one of Android's original use models was a non touch screen connected to a keyboard (mainly for Blackberry style smartphones before they were sure that slates would take off, but still...). And it's what's being done now on mainframes too. What was lacking in the commodity processor space was hardware support for mature hypervisors that stay out of the data plane (IBM got this right pretty close to the first try). We're almost there, but there's still some work IMO. Because you don't use libraries? Actually OS/400 isn't quite what I'm talking about (despite being really cool!). {AS|OS}/400 is more like a cross between a minicomputer and all of those promises of a Java OS we were given in the 90's. I'm talking more about the mainframe level stuff, like z/TPF on the software side and adding address space tags to the channels on the hardware side. Basically that last one is a better implementation of an IO/MMU where a device knows that it's probably running under a hypervisor, can get requests directly from multiple VMs without the hypervisor's intervention, and the VMs requests are implicitly tagged with the address space of the VM so it's still memory safe. ie. a VM can't request DMA from a device that would be outside of it's allocated space, but it can still directly ask the device for DMA without involving the hypervisor directly, and the device can service multiple VMs (that last bit is what isn't really present with current IO/MMUs). Since Lua is Portuguese for "moon", is this a Sailor Moon reference? It's a pretty standard RISC about halfway between SH4 and ARM in RISCiness(TM). It's memory map is a little different. (For MIPS32 at least, not sure what KSEG of MIPS64 looks like) 80000000-9FFFFFFF is fixed to a cached view of the first 512MB of physical memory. A0000000-BFFFFFFF is fixed to an uncached view. Everything else is only accessible by mapping it via the MMU (both from a physical and virtual context). Last I played with MIPS cores, they were only soft fill TLBs, but maybe that's changed. Thumb2 is more expressive than MIPS16 IMO (but that's just, like, my opinion, man). Other than that, the microarchitectual differences between individual implementations greatly outweigh the influence of the ISA, but for an in order design at least you can probably make a MIPS that'll compete well with an ARM for less transistors. I'm starting to see more and more Cortex-Ms with DRAM interfaces. STM32F427s added them to their FSMC peripheral (their new discovery board has 32MB of DRAM actually). Yes, it does. SD cards are not really designed for being used as a root file system. They are OK at streaming writes and reads, but once you start getting non sequential they slow down like you wouldn't believe. Which, yes, I know, is super weird for what should just be some glue logic around a NAND. I was investigating corruption and performance problems with our root filesystem on an SD card. The cards would be great a obvious benchmark style tasks, but when I recorded the block access pattern from our driver and replayed that on a Linux desktop with O_DIRECT, we'd not only get under 200KiB/s average access speed (which matched what we were seeing on the embedded system), but we would also get corrupted sectors (ie. we write it just fine, but we just get an error back from the card when we go to read the sector) in less than a day of sustained writes (once again at only 200KiB/s). And this was with high quality SanDisk cards that were then verified by them to be real cards (for a while we thought that clones had made their way into our supply chain). Using a weird form factor eMMC chip in an SD card got rid of these issues. There's also "industrial" SD cards that are around the same price that I suspect are basically the same thing. Yeah, it was almost certainly firmware bugs combined with already marginal NANDs. ie. the NANDs probably would have been fine if they were babysat a little better, but they were probably bottom of the barrel. That's kind of the SD card market in a nut shell any way. That being said we tried many different SD cards from quality vendors and found pretty heavy bugs and performance related issues among all of the non "industrial" versions. So, yes, the problems don't have to be intrinsic to the form factor, but empirically you're more likely than not to have issues with them. Most "bigger" SoCs have a secondary processor for SoC bringup/boot. (It's not uncommon to see a tiny ARM7 or something in this role). Since Broadcom succeeded in making a particularly general purpose core for their GPU (it seems that the GPU runs a full RTOS written in C), it only makes sense (well, to me at least) that it could take over that role as well to save on the transistor budget. As someone who's been trying to hire for a robotics programmer for a long time: Need to have: Systems/RTOS experience. ie. not spend a week chasing your tail when you stupidly put a printf in an ISR which changes timing so the code works, but then when you pull out the printf it stops working. Be able to read schematics and datasheets. I'm not expecting you to design a board (we have EEs for that), but you should absolutely be able to be given a schematic and a datasheet and then write a driver for a simple peripheral. Basic understanding of control theory. Being able to articulate what a PID loop is and why open control loops are a bad idea is probably good enough. Being a self directed learner. Robotics tends to be fairly low volumes all things considered (or atleast my branch of it). We have issues with vendor support not really caring about what happens to us since our volumes are so low. We therefore have to own significantly more of our tooling and have to be able to peer in to what our vendors would prefer to be treated as black boxes quite a bit. Any RE experience would go a really long way here in my book. Nice to have: Good understanding of mechanical engineering/physics terms like stiction. Ostensibly if you have the skillsets written above this you can be taught this, but this lowers the bar for hiring you quite a bit. #2 For tight loops on the GBA you wanted 32bit ARM instructions in an area of RAM with 32bit accesses. There was a performance penalty both for using thumb and for running non thumb out of ROM (the bus to ROM was only 16bits). If there was a lack of WRAM for some reason it would totally make sense to put a tight loop into VRAM. (And for whatever reason Nintendo is really into putting random stuff into VRAM. On the DS, one of the ARM7 images would put WLAN packet buffers into an unused VRAM bank to reduce pressure on other RAM banks). I don't know, I thought the computer work was actually a pretty good visual metaphor for proof assistant software like Coq. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_assistant IANAL, but I'm not sure Ford actually has a leg to stand on. 1) If I understand it correctly this data could be considered a list of facts and thus isn't copyrightable (just like a table of contents, or the list of ingredients in recipe). If it's not copyrightable, then the DMCA doesn't apply. See Lexmark Int'l v. Static Control Components. 2) The DMCA has a specific exemption for "interoperability purposes" which I could see this falling under as well but that's a weaker argument. Ostensibly DMCA claims are made under threat of perjury which is supposed to be the check and balance. That being said I can't think of a single case of that portion of the law being enforced. Unfortunately if a group were to take the action that you suggest, they would forfeit their safe harbor and be able to be sued just as had as the original "infringer". You don't get hardly any leeway in responding to DMCA requests. I haven't seen it on hacker news, but have seen it on reddit and Facebook. Facebook I can see depending significantly more on your specific social network. > after being short-changed with only a 23% raise in income in the last 10 years Inflation has been ~40% in the same period you know... Most C++ RTOSs I'd call unikernels, just generally targeted to a custom board rather than a VM. But the targeting is a driver issue, not something intrinsic to the architecture. Could a piece of this simply be that in the 1860's the US hadn't really surpassed the grandeur Greek and Roman empires at their peak, but now we have? You could argue the same for the Greek and Roman empires at their height too. Not really, I'd say that in either case my original point still stands. Nobody other than you said anything about banning sports. No, it doesn't appear that they do publicly. If you read the disassembly you'll see that it's first a byte by byte compare of the logo data, followed by the checksum of the header data. ; ===== Nintendo logo comparison routine ===== Addr_00E0: LD HL,$0104 ; $00e0 ; point HL to Nintendo logo in cart LD DE,$00a8 ; $00e3 ; point DE to Nintendo logo in DMG rom Addr_00E6: LD A,(DE) ; $00e6 INC DE ; $00e7 CP (HL) ; $00e8 ;compare logo data in cart to DMG rom JR NZ,$fe ; $00e9 ;if not a match, lock up here INC HL ; $00eb LD A,L ; $00ec CP $34 ; $00ed ;do this for $30 bytes JR NZ, Addr_00E6 ; $00ef On the trademark side of things, it's not enforceable. Not sure about the copyright side. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sega_Enterprises_Ltd._v._Accola... . Thanks, do you know why HN strips the period off of the link? http://thecodelesscode.com/case/100 'IP' in this context is just hardware speak for a given implementation. A lot of the Boulder local politics around "don't change anything" is really just code for "lets not build anymore housing so the property values continue to skyrocket". I'm really starting to get tired of it... And phones in nearly all cases are limited by thermal profile. That's what keeps you from running at full tilt on a mobile device even when plugged in. Where do you guys stand on "open source" synthetic biology (like BioBricks or OpenWetWare)? Will we see any source from you guys, whether it be of the von Neumann or the Crick variety? That had more to do with the fact that Windows depends on the Trident than the other way around. Stuff like the help files used mshtml.dll. Yes, GPUs these days have an MMU and the idea of multiple contexts in order to separate processes from one another. No garbage collector so I can actually use it in embedded situations. GPUs these days have MMUs and have address spaces allocated per context. It's implemented internally to the driver though so you don't see it. And it's normally mapped differently, but the point of AMD's HSA stuff is to make the CPU's and GPU's MMU match up. I don't see a patent grant... When you're a child, language acquisition isn't a zero sum game. We solved that by making ATMs unmanageably heavy. Not the best option for a drone. Or, do if you're out of fucks to give. > Why does DOD need ten /8s? Of that list, I can actually see the DoD needing 240M IP addresses. And having a monopoly isn't illegal. Monopolistic behavior is. Skype was pretty famous for the amount of effort it went through to shield itself from reverse engineering. My day job is currently writing embedded high availability code to a slightly modified version of the JSF coding standard (which is itself a modified version of MISRA for C++). There's a lot of safety that Rust would give us on top of C++ with the coding standard's rules, and we're waiting for Rust to simply mature a little. JITs and interpreters suck for realtime, and there's only so many optimizations that an AOT compiler can do to a Java codebase (hence why JITs ar so prevalent for Java). Pushing all of these verifications into compile time significantly reduces the run time requirements. Honestly I see Rust as (potentially, down the road) being a better, less verbose Ada than a better C++ or Java. You tend to write Rust code much like you would an Ada or VHDL program. You'll like this: http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?story=Negative_2000_Lin... So I've had a question about stellar mass black holes that I can't seem to be able to get answered (the question was deleted for /r/askscience). How does a stellar mass black hole actually form a singularity given the fact that there's gravitational time dilation? Wouldn't the heart of a black hole slow down relative to an outside observer as mass is added to it so that you never actually reach infinite density? It seems like you're fighting the upwards curve of a parabola to make that happen, and meanwhile you're releasing pressure from above via hawking radiation. My question isn't along the lines of how visible it is to an outside observer, it's more of how can a singularity itself form? It seems like you can't reach infinite density in finite time given gravitational time dilation. Sure, it doesn't matter really to an outside observer, I just threw that in to hit home the time dilation aspect. You seem to be assuming a preexisting singularity. My question is how does that singularity get there if the compaction itself that would form the singularity continually pushes the goal post down the line? No, singularities aren't a red herring here, they are very muchthe core of what I'm asking. I don't really care that much about the event horizon (at least for this specific question : ) ). Imagine two neutron stars colliding and forming a black hole. Now imagine the particle inside one of these that's closest to where the singularity's point would be upon formation. How does that singularity form given that the actual compaction that creates it also continually keeps pushing the goal post farther away due to gravitational time dilation. The dev board in the picture gallery says that it's an openRISC softcore. Maybe they've migrated to an ARM in the real formfactor? EDIT: Here are the ARM drivers in the OS. https://github.com/ProjectVault/orp/tree/master/software/os/... It's a CortexM. Here's the RTL BTW: https://github.com/ProjectVault/orp/tree/master/hardware/mse... Eh, a lot of industry doesn't write as many test benches as they should. I've worked for companies that have written no test benches. But, ostensibly, there's going to be thunderbolt devices soon which, while having a USB Type-C plug, won't work in a regular USB port despite the Type-C plug. I'm running off of the assumption that Thunderbolt continues to use a different physical layer (which it pretty much has to to go faster than USB 3.1), and is piggy backing on USB Type-C's "Alternate Mode" which lets you negotiate different physical layers that you have a transceiver for. EDIT: Looks like my assumption is correct: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB_Type-C Because even above the physical layer, the two protocols are very, very different to the point that you're nearly doubling the amount of work that you have to do. USB at it's core is a host polled interface that looks like a network, and Thunderbolt is at it's core a multimaster RDMA interface. You'd basically be designing two different devices. That's actually not really how it works[0]. It's more that a ring 0 can manipulate an alternate context, but only for contexts that it can create. So guests can themselves be hypervisors for contexts that they themselves create. There's nothing stopping a guest from executing virtualization instructions[1]. That being said there is a sort of ring -1 called SMM mode. [0] And this is why you shouldn't rely on wiki. Particularly since it looks like the deletionists are winning their war. It's source is informationweek in this case... [1] Well, that's not totally true. When setting up the context for a guest you can signal that you as the hypervisor want to get trapped on lots of different types of privileged operations. ie. you can optionally, explicitly disallow the guest to use virtualization extensions. But it's opt in, not policy set by AMD/Intel. I thought that just being LLVM bitcode wasn't enough to guarantee portability like the author assumes that it is. There's ABI specific pieces that are still not abstracted in the bitcode like struct packing rules. Actually AS/400 byte code has 128 bit pointers. It was originally implemented on a 48 bit processor (weird 70's architectures FTW!). I'm hoping that we'll have that with Ara. It's PCI-E like bus means you could have a GPIO breakout module for dirt cheap. Basically. That's how most constitutional arguments work. And in fact the kernel space interface doesn't abstract much at all. All of this Vulkan/Metal/DX12 stuff really looks like someone decided to simply export the kernel level interface in a cleaner way. Probably because the cache line changes from Exclusive to Owned in MOESI. Probably farther out since they'd have to reimburse Goldman Sachs for lost profits on 36 if they built the train. Last time I checked, Rust wasn't great for intrusive data structures, as well as non-tree graphs. Is this better now? By intrusive data structures, I mean data structures where the per node metadata is stored within the struct of the data rather than externally. Linux's list_head is a good example of this. Having one less pointer indirection can make it a bit more cache friendly. And yes, Rust can handle non tree graphs as well as any other unmanaged languages, but the heavy use of 'unsafe' makes me feel icky. : ) This is done in quite a few places including GPUs. Are there any plans to get into content production? There are a lot of languages that really lack a lot of natively produced video content (Pulaar, Malinke, etc). IMO, that's the only way I can see for you to protect yourself from your niche being simply eaten by Netflix et al. I think he's including the PPE in his count of 9 processors. Eh, as long as it's on the other side of a hardware based IO-MMU, I'm not super concerned. The PowerVR guys appear to be running a full RTOS w/ memory protection on their GPU FWIW. The journalist is lying. Carefully look at the tachometer when he says that he can't accelerate, it's running at normal speed. The part before that showed the tach dropping to zero. The cut away to the journalist talking about how he didn't have control then shows the tach at normal. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to tell that it's staged. Wait, ELF64 and a pointer going into a 32 bit register? It appears to be pretty open source. http://lxr.free-electrons.com/source/arch/s390/kvm/ You're also up against hardware hackers who stand to make a buck selling prepackaged hardware exploits (AKA modchips). You'd be surprised how much resources these guys have available to them. The way I think of it is that volatile is for making sure the instructions are there and in the right order in the instruction stream. You may need to do other things to get around the processor's side of optimizations like store queues and caches depending on the context. Well, they don't really care about software attacks as much since those don't make them as much money. It's also fairly difficult for a remote hack because everything leaving the console has to go through an IPSEC tunnel to pass cert (at least on the 360). And you'd be surprised how secure you can get a game console these days from a hardware perspective. For instance, on the 360, all stacks and everything in the hypervisor is encrypted with a per boot random key and hashed as it leaves L2 for main memory. If the hash doesn't match on the way back, the system resets. You're very protected from DMA attacks. Particularly of the kind that that's easily reproducible and able to be sold in mass. Yeah, I'd love to read that if it's not too much effort. : ) It's because since your healthcare is intrinsically linked to your employment, it gives management a leg up on labor. Eh, JITs aren't the most complicated things on the planet. There's plenty of people who can do it outside of QuickTransit. Like, look inside most emulators. They already did that in the 90s when they collaborated with ARM on their first chip as a company split off from Acorn. This chip was the ARM610 for the Newton. It is pretty much the predecessor to every ARM chip sold today, with the possible exception of the Cortex-Ms. x86 is rough, but ARM is still a fairly clean ISA. Bitcode can contain inline assembly still. Additionally, bitcode is significantly more tied to the target architecture than the author is assuming. Pretty much everything still exists in AMD64. You can still set up a 16-bit process while running under long mode. Last time I checked, the majority of the test suite was proprietary. The master keys for the nuclear arsenal were "00000000" for much of the cold war. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/12/05/nuclear-missile-cod... How would that protect against an EFI or BIOS backdoor? In addition to those, there's PC relative loads from a literal pool. This is what you end up using 9 times out of ten to load a full register rather than filling it in piecemeal with immediates. Honestly I think single payer healthcare in the US gets you 95% of the way there. At that point the government is in control of most of the revenue to the pharmaceutical companies leaving them in a much better negotiating position. It even makes sense to then bring some of the pharmaceutical production "in house" to cut costs since you're de facto paying for all of the pharmaceutical research anyway. IDK, that sounds like a false dichotomy. Enterprise security just has you look up the credentials in LDAP on initial connect rather than having everyone use the same credentials last time I checked. It means that there's still work to do on the Linux port and RISC-Vs supervisor mode ISA in general. I wonder what the thermal budget looks like. I can't imagine that it can run at full crank for an extended period of time. Honestly, I see BPF being used for way more than tracing. Having generic kernel virtual machine is game changing for a lot of kernel/user interfaces if you can secure it a little more. Yeah, totally. It needs more time to bake in general. I was just mainly referring to the fact that it's current requirement of CAP_SYS_ADMIN is kind of a non starter for more general use at the moment. Yeah, in it's current form it absolutely should require CAP_SYS_ADMIN. A restricted subset (and probably some extensions) would be required to remove that requirement. There's a lot of benefit though to doing that work. Think AIO programs that kick off new work on completion kind of like s/360 channel programs. Or emulation of regular devices that approaches the speed of para virtualized devices in KVM. But you need to find a (safe) way to allow non privileged users to access this functionality for this to make sense. Nah, it's fine, just not normally a viable business model. Watch out, you don't want to die of a public telephone transmitted virus. No -mno-redzone? > Drivers are necessarily derivative works of the kernel and have to be licensed under the GPL anyway. It can be a grey area. Quoting Linus himself > But one gray area in particular is something like a driver that was originally written for another operating system (ie clearly not a derived work of Linux in origin). http://yarchive.net/comp/linux/gpl_modules.html If that were true, we'd be seeing non bullshit terrorist convictions. I'm not a big fan of paying for snake oil. Is he in WilVil? That's the only apartment building I can think of that would be tall enough to conceivably get line of sight to Denver. Of course feel free not to answer if you feel weird about the question (ie. location of your child). I almost never read a "recommended" list. Far too often it's simply a list of companies that paid to be on said list. > ... hasn't anything remotely to do with productivity. Which is the only thing that matters in workplaces today. Hahahahahaahahaahahaahaha, if only. It bothers me that you can't execute out of SRAM. That doesn't bode well for bulletproof firmware update, unless there's something that I'm missing. What? This has nothing to do with Itanium. By virtual machines, they'e talking more about hardware visualization (ie. Xen/VMWare/KVM) than language VMs like HotSpot, JavaScript, or WebAssembly. What's the licence on fluke? It doesn't seem to be listed anywhere. I don't really want to look at the code until I have a good handle on that. It also ruined the company. They spent a lot of money on a potential merger with StorageTek, only for it to go down the drain when Fujitsu claimed that it's legal right to a percentage on products sold would be applicable to the complete combined company as well (source: I work with a bunch of ex StorageTek guys). I've been a really big fan of chisel so far. I was very skeptical initially. But the more I got into it, the more I realized that the code=data benefits you get from some functional languages like the Lisps (where Lisp code is also s-expressions and can be parsed and manipulated like any other data) really works well for manipulating your RTL graph. The Zynqs don't have much lower latency than PCI unfortunately. You're looking at around 50 cycles of latency from CPU to fabric. To get better than a completely blurred image, you'd need some way to focus the neutrinos. That's where the fact that photons are affected by more things work in their favor for this use case. 1) In practice you're not synthesizing an entire bacterial genome; you're only synthesizing the small bit you're patching along with whatever the retrovirus needs. The bacteria are already pretty great at copying their base DNA on their own. : P 2) DNA synthesis has been tracking Moore's law for a number of years, and doesn't show the signs of slowing down anytime soon unlike transistors. On neither of those platforms is the GPU doing the video decode. On your phone there's a dedicated DSP. On your netbook the CPU is pulling up the slack. There's a lot of serial work in decoding videos (like huffman decoding) that doesn't translate to standard GPUs without a little extra silicon. You don't have to add anything to the DRAM chips for ECC. It's just another chip on the DIMM to store the extra ECC bits. It's the memory controller that puts the pieces back together. > (until very recently) What happened? I can't speak for JGroups (definitely going to check that out tonight), but spread and Vsync/ISIS both struck me as perfect examples of the meme of poor quality academic code. Spread is an #ifdef soup containing scary stuff like "#ifndef _REENTRANT" in their hello world examples. Additionally it has a weird not quite BSD licence that doesn't look compatible with the GPL. It also makes you send them either an ssh key to checkout from subversion, or send them email/name/company info just to get the download link working. Vsync/ISIS is a single 50KLOC C# file that spawns upwards of a dozen threads on init. IMHO there's room for someone with more of a software engineering background to come in and clean them up (assuming that this person/group knows enough about distributed systems to clear things up without introducing more problems). Depends on the GPU. PowerVRs are remarkably general for instance. You could probably do this on native code with something like HP's Dynamo combined with the original symbols. I really dislike the term 'transpile'. It's just a compiler. There's nothing really different in theory or implementation of a "source"->"source" vs a "source"->"binary" compiler. If I were to write a CPU in HDL that natively executed JavaScript, would this change from a 'transpiler' to a 'compiler'. The distinction made is simply what the end user is going to do with the result. The distinction between execution and transformation is a useful one. For instance, depending on the semantics of the source language, you could be able to guarantee termination of a specific transformation of that source, but not be able to guarantee termination of execution of that source. So if I run gcc with -O0, it's a transpiler? Remember that gcc outputs a human readable language that another program (the assembler) converts into machine code. > This changes over time, though. I'd probably not call Nim to C a transpile, although I might have in the past. You think that I can take a program, run it on some input in the past, and it's a transpiler, assuming that it fits the other part of your definition. Then I wait, say 10 years, run that same program on the same input and now it's not a transpiler? I mean... sed is Turing complete. Yeah, it's in the Turing tarpit, but if you were able to successfully translate Java to ES6 in a sed script, yes I would call that a compiler. In a lot of ways, much of compiler theory is concerned with the best way to write a compiler (for many different optimization functions of "best"), not the only ways to do so. Just being a crappy compiler doesn't make it any less of a compiler. Historically, leaving something with as large of an attack surface as video decoding up to the OSs to update hasn't really worked well for browser security. If you're talking about RD-180s, they're from NPO Enrgomash. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NPO_Energomash Unfortunately the FTDI stuff (really any USB UART converter) has latency issues in the embedded space. : \ Legally is there? >and some may still rely on self-modification in unknown ways To the point that they have the EX instruction. It's an indirect logical or and execute single instruction to allow for re enterent self modifying code. How can you even begin to W^X given that you have that instruction? Most likely not. Perf/watt was one of the aspects both Intel and AMD were focusing on since then. Not saying that you're wrong, but SD cards for example assume that they're going to be running FAT and make assumptions/optimizations based on that. But on Xen, it's not like to dom0 is required to be called in the dataplane. It's mainly there for config and emulation of devices that don't have SR-IOV. I mean, ATX (or other standards like MiniITX) boards are still really nice for initial embedded development. Even past that, it's really nice for a test farm for CI of embedded code. The weird boards are just them cheaping out. When they pass the savings onto you ala the Raspberry PI it's great; when they don't ala most FPGA dev boards, it really sucks. That's why ARM has the Intergrator/Versatile series of dev boards. Back in the day, MIPS had the Maltas. Yeah, I'd love to see something like a recurrent neural network that builds the rules behind an expert system. Then hopefully the rule set that's built can actually be debugged and tweaked by humans in a meaningful way, but it's first implementation is automatically generated. I really think one of the important aspects is that it should be much easier to reverse engineer proprietary drivers now given how explicit the API is supposed to be. But no licence given on the github page. Seems like a trap to later sue someone for patent infringement. How well is the opposite working for Russia currently? > some sort of quasi-democratic-in-name-only oligarchy led by politicians and mobsters. That's exactly how I'd describe it. At least under communism the leader wasn't most likely the richest man in the world. Sotomayer, Alito, Ginsburg, Breyer and Kagan concurred with the original decision, but wrote separate decisions bring up these exact points. Does the CEO of HP own all of HP? No, of course not, and likewise it doesn't imply that the leader of a country would own everything. Now compare to Putin who by some accounts has ~$200B in his name. Basically. Sotomayer wrote one concurring decision, Alito wrote the other, and the rest were with Alito. Alito's not all bad; this decision really brought out the anti-government side of him. Reminds me of this sweet paper http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/nick/coqasm.pd... I think he's talking about "assault weapon" bans. I don't think whether or not a rifle has a pistol grip is going to b the determining factor in preventing a mass shooting. In addition to what others have said, this newest release is 3-clause BSD, whereas previous releases were LGPL. In a lot of consumer devices, JTAG is at least partially disabled (sometimes they can throw a fuse that only lets you do boundary scan for manufacturing). I would not be surprised at all that Apple's internal 'backdoor' (if you can call it that) is just resetting the security enclave, essentially erasing everything on the NAND. That'd be fine for refurb/manufacturing, desirable even as that guarantees that full system wipes happen before a refurb goes to a new customer. They have a ~10% stake in Imagination. That's pretty close to a controlling amount for practical purposes for a publicly traded company. Because it's cheaper. The big issue I see with your argument is that volunteer work isn't nearly as scalable as large amounts of money in terms of contributions from an individual. There's a difference between writing an app in your spare time, and running $100M of advertisements. Can you point to an app that swung an election more than $100M worth of advertisements? Like, I know this is hacker news, home of "there's no limit to what you can achieve with hard work and VC money!", but if we're being honest with ourselves could even a single unicorn class app company swing a presidential election if it put it's mind to it? I guess I fail to see how allowing corporations to pay for large parts of politicians' campaigns achieves the goals you're implicitly stating here. It has an Apache licence checked in. Newer android releases use the SD card in a much cleaner way that allow pretty much anything to run off of them. Yep! https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20041215-00/?p=... I linked to this with the idea that it would just be an intro. I really hoped that someone with more recent knowledge would chime in. : ) Any chance you could recommend a few good recent papers that I could kick off a good citation graph binge on? But they would be asked to share this back door with the thousands of law enforcement organizations, as well as other countries. If they had to do the same with their signing keys, those wouldn't be secure either. The industry was already there, we just have a much nicer set of owners now. Less beheadings. > Anyone sitting at a desk outside of a war zone should be wearing a service uniform, not camo. But how will you feel cool if you're not wearing your BDUs? How do you create a firmware ID system that provides anything meaningful? Wouldn't an hostile device simply spoof another device's IDs? No, it's supporting all of the linux system calls in the Windows kernel. Epoll, fork, exec, etc. It's a totally different implementation than cygwin. Tabs for indentation, spaces for alignment. Then everyone can setup their editor for whatever they prefer. Crazy, right? He was talking about the parents' jobs. Can't tell if sarcastic or not. Sure, if you had one giant FSM. You do if you need ARM. It looks like they just use x86 virtualization by default now. Huh, it looks like they removed that. Back in like, 2013, that was their shtick, the ability to JIT ARM binaries in a primarily x86 environment. Everyone is looking at ASIC fabrication, it's distribution that we're concerned about. "and wiring circuits up that can literally burst into flames if you do it wrong" > and can even restrict their usage to specific domains Because there's no such thing as a XSS attack? I did read the spec. It's very very close to the level of access that the kernel has to a USB device. Firmware update is exactly the kind of thing that shouldn't be allowed. The additional wear on the road. Where are you digging up the 20% to 40% profit margin? It totally is if someone else is paying for the power. It literally is the new Atom SoC architecture, the successor to Cherry Trail. Awesome. We'll take our cities back. It'll be what streets were like before the invention of the crime of jay-walking. http://www.citylab.com/commute/2012/04/invention-jaywalking/... You should look at the AS/400. They've actually been shipping a product using this scheme for almost 40 years. I mean, that's like saying it's not really a car accident because even though the front of the car is crushing into the divider wall, the rear of the car is moving at almost the same speed. They same way we are almost certain that the Voynich manuscript contains an undeciphered written language, by applying a combination of information theory, computational linguistics, and statistics. If he's able to reach "the wrong people", that still represents a failure on Microsoft's part. Releasing the final contents of the disc to manufacturing. Think 'gold master'. As someone who lives in Colorado, you'd be surprised how many of those people are just "Colorado drivers". I keep asking my mother in law "why are you doing 15 under; you're not even high?" "Oh, it's just so pretty, I wouldn't want to pass everything so quickly". >_ We also call this "meditating while driving" and "'This isn't my bike!? How do I drive something with 4 wheels?'" Around here, roads that have a maximum speed that fast generally have a minimum speed in the 45MPH range too. Will that talk be available online at some point? Well, I'm sure that part of it is that Oracle committed to Harmony. Sega v. Accolade was over the actual string "SEGA". SystemC is actually C++. It's built on a bunch of #defines for classes and templates. That's not a bug; it's a feature. Well, ART not JRE. Wait, he's the snob for suggesting that you don't need to have gone to a prestigious music school to be a well accomplished or well known musician? Also, the GPL version of Java wasn't available when Google bought Android. You can't use water like most fission designs? There is also the qemu-as-a-library, Unicorn. https://github.com/unicorn-engine/unicorn Funny how there's so many of them considering that the name Unicorn is generally supposed to have an air of rarity about it. I wouldn't say it's "designed around" it, but FreeBSD's netmap(4) is pretty similar to what you're talking about. > Samba never copied anything. According to this case, they did. It's not nearly as cut and dry as you're making it. Wiki of all places defines 'API' to be broad enough to include network wire protocols and endpoints. This trial was over "sequence, structure, and organization" rather than literal copying. And of course Samba isn't built of WIN32 APIs, that's not what we're talking about. That basically used to be true, but this trial was over the "sequence, structure, and organization" of the API. Via what's known as an "information disclosure vulnerability". Basically the program somehow leaks what address something ended up at. > Why not put the effort into a great MMU so that every allocation is its own "page" for the purpose of triggering page faults on overruns? We used to have that, they're called segments. In a proper type system a la Haskell, ML, Rust, etc. you can encode significantly more into the type system than you can with JavaScript's rather anemic offerings, even if it were statically typed. It feels almost like contact programming in that you must handle everything out else the code won't compile. > need to be multiprocess, which it cannot as an embedded library It actually can, it's just not ideal and leads to a lot of lock contention. Won't happen. Even as a Senator, Obama was signaling his support of the NSA in his vote in 2008 FISA amendments bill which granted retroactive immunity to telecoms when complying with illegal and unconstitutional search requests from the government. If Obama is secretly on the side of whistleblowers, it's one of the best kept secrets in the world. By the way, the Pi3 had ARM64 cores. This library has been around for many years, and predates anything resembling stable rust by more than half a decade. Yeah, I'm not surprised; that's generally how they handle these sorts of things. See /LARGEADDRESSAWARE. Mask ROMs will always be cheaper at scale than Flash. When I say 'at scale', I really mean ~1000 units. You can already get under your price point with Mask ROMs (and they're faster than flash!). It pretty much a complete implementation down to the kernel APIs. > What, if anything, is being done to try to inform these people that the situation has changed, to encourage them to try Rust again? Releasing something called 1.0. Like he said, vacuoles. I think it has more to do with the fact that GPU's memory accesses aren't cache coherent with the CPU, so a larger L2 doesn't really add much to the table. Also, PowerVRs look way more like traditional processors than most GPUs. They're less likely to run into weird hardware issues. Eh, not really. 32 'threads' share a program counter on Fermi; it's still actually pretty heavily SIMD. I'd call the original Xbox and the Xbox 360's OS an exokernel. Threads, timers, encryption, and interrupt dispatching were handled in kernel, but USB, Ethernet, audio, and GPU drivers ran in the application image. Exactly. First step in knowing something like that is putting into words what we don't know. And it's not insurmountable; the data from the Kepler spacecraft is giving us quite a bit of data that may go a long way to building a statistical model for one of the unknown variables. Is this enough to run chisel? Well, there's free and there's 'free'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_analysis > If they were going to run the whole thing in a SECCOMP container anyway, there is little damage a compromised C library could do. They can't block everything with SECCOMP, the code still has to be useful. It also must still do it's job correctly, which it won't if it's compromised. > If reasoning about uninitialized memory would take a review of the entire brotli code base, didn't the rust port require that anyway? (speaking as someone who has done a couple of cross-language rewrites) But even if you go through the whole original codebase (which I assume was in C or C++), and kept it in that same memory unsafe language, you don't have any guarantees that you caught even a subset of possible classes of memory safety bugs. > Designing a manycore CPU, which the Post-K processor will almost certainly be, with a simpler RISC core as its base, is inherently more efficient than trying to do that with a more complex architecture like SPARC64. Honestly, ARM is a very complex architecture these days. There's somewhere in the neighborhood of a thousand instructions. It's very close to x86 in complexity. Tons of cruft built up over the past thirty years too (although it was a cleaner architecture than x86 to start off with so it has that going for it). Not everything disclosed in the Pentagon Papers was illegal either. If the requirement is that everything in the disclosure needs to be illegal, then whistleblowing is de facto illegal. I think he's talking about this. http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2014/12/cops-illegally-na... But as far as the GPS tracking, that was declared to be a 4th amendment violation as well. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Jones_(2012) Reading the decisions actually shows Scalia's rare awesome side. Eh, OoOE and pipelines in the dozens of stages make a lot of sense at the gate count we're talking about. Sure, you won't get the best pure performance/watt, but you'll get a nice balance of raw performance and perf/watt if you play your cards right (which I'd argue Apple did with their cores, and ARM is finally catching up with their A73s it looks like). And I'm not a super huge fan of the raw ISA of the chip being hidden from you a la DAISY/Crusoe/Denver. And that's coming from someone who's haevily inspired by their techniques while writing a high performance machine to machine JIT. I'd love raw access to their underlying VLIW code though (maybe similar to 90s era Apple nanokernel with machine tranlator that allows you to start a native process context). > high-end Itanium chips My sides. I'm talking about IBM's DAISY, Transmeta's Crusoe, and Nvidia's Denver. These are more or less fairly standard VLIW machines that are designed to only run a JIT compiler for another machine architecture (PowerPC, x86, and ARM respectively). This JITed code is the only other code running on the machine, so they basically look like native versions of the architectures they emulate. Edit: These machines also do a lot of cool stuff under the hood. DAISY's native binary format looks more like a CFG than we pure instruction steam. The Crusoe has some really sweet exposed speculation hardware. I'm sure Denver does some really cool stuff too, there's just not a whole lot of publicly available information on it. Eh, 'circuits' are essentially free in these days of VoIP PBXs and you probably save money (at least in the short term) by people who get tired of waiting on the phone and just hang up. When compared to the cost of actual people you need on the other end to pick up the phone that scales at pretty much the same speed, yes, it's still essentially free. A voice stream is 64Kb (yes, bits) per second for full bandwidth over SS7. So my home connection can carry around 16,384 simultaneous calls for $50 a month. That's one third of one cent per incoming call capacity. So yes, essentially free. Holy shit, that JLink is expensive. What does it get me more than the JTAG FTDI OpenOCD GDB setup that I have currently, who's boards cost my ~$100 in super low volume? I mean, GCC and OpenOCD had CortexM4 support before anybody else as far as I could tell. Keil and IAR wouldn't even give us a release date at the time. Hah. https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/296238/8255083/14... Tower to baseband injected code (via some update mechanism explicitly placed in the code, or an exploit) that then now has DMA access to physical memory? > Cyberspace isn't real. You could argue it's just as real as the other fairly arbitrary borders that define public vs private property. Or SPI. The controller is just a shift register. How does tagged memory interact with standard LPDDR3? Do you need two chips? Are the tags aliased somewhere in regular memory DDR? Ship hull designs are special cased and essentially always allowed. Can I write DOS code in D? A large sample size of people isn't necessary to verify the ability. Case in point, the woman who can smell Parkinson's disease, to some ridunculous p-value. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/one-woman-s-abilit... Yeah, exactly. If they didn't have their APUs, they wouldn't have hardly anything anymore. The nForce wasn't really their IP though; it was AMDs. The original Xbox was in prototype phase and consisted of an AMD CPU and AMD chipset with some Nvidia IP for the GPU. Intel comes along and offers a PIII variant for really cheap. Part of the deal that Intel struck was that there can't be any AMD logos on the box, but they don't haven enough time to change out the chipset whoelsale, only to switch out the FSB. So Microsoft pays AMD to licence their 7XX chipset to Nvidia, so now it's all IP properly owned by Nvidia. For whatever reason, there were no restrictions on Nvidia only being able to use this for the Xbox, so they continued updating and releasing that genetic line of IP as nForce. There's only ~100MB of RAM so it's a bit ascetic. You're better off running an old PowerPC Mac with Linux as that'll give you better but nearly equivalent hardware. > Does ARM have a supervisor mode, along the lines of the Intel Management Engine, which would leave a chink in the provably correct operation? Sort of if you count TrustZone? Holy shit, that's awesome! I had the same basic idea for running a high performance emulator, safely, as a Linux user process. Basically run code inside a manually created KVM instance that can trap out into actual user mode for system calls, but get's the benefit of playing around manually with the page tables. Right now I'm porting the same ideas to Rust. https://github.com/monocasa/remu-playground > it is squarely economical (and quite a bit political) > Of course this is all hypotheticals and it could very well be argued that relying on destructors to do something actually critical would be a bad design. Eh, I'd only argue that in the case of garbage collected languages. In RAII languages like Rust and C++, it's the preferred way. > One thing I keep coming back to with VR (as a personal observation) is how anti-social it is Can you elaborate on this? The potential for social VR seems huge (which is probably why Facebook bought Oculus). I mean, sure. loop {} ^--- That'll also cause destructors to not be run. MSP430's only have 64K of address space, which isn't enough to run even uCLinux. Eh, it's low even for CP/M. MSP430s have 64K of address space, not RAM. Even the smallest CP/M machines had that. A lot even had simplistic paging hardware to exceed that. A few years ago I would have said that requiring millions of people to give up the ability to collectively sue in a class action via an obviously asymmetric contract wasn't how contracts worked either. I would not be surprised to see EULAs get more legal teeth at some point here. Maybe, maybe not. For systemic issues (like the 360's RRoD, and the Wii had dirty laser lens that kept them from reading dual layer discs) they generally fix them past the warranty to stave off a class action suit. It can. On non-M ARMs, pushing and popping is done by the interrupt handler, not by the processor. So if you want a really low latency FIQ, you can just rely on the half of the register bank that gets swapped in, and avoid the parts that don't. Fast being in the thousands of cycles last time I checked. > PRF is Physical register file? Yep, it's the actual renamed registers. > Register renaming and OoO operations are really enabled by micro-ops? In other words on a CPU with completely hard-wired control unit such things would never be possible. No, they're orthogonal concepts. The first OoO processor (the System 360 model 91) didn't have uops. At least in my state, they moved them to a 'secure' facility as part of all of the post 9/11 crap. It did register renaming too. It was designed by Tomasulo of Tomasulo's algorithm. Yeah. Trunk LLVM doesn't even have AVR support, so no Rustduino. You can say the same thing for GCC too, it's just that both of the pools (merged into trunk and not) are much larger. Define "middle class". Those code examples are all NEON or no vector ops. No SVE unfortunately. Intel absolutely lets customers use their fabs. http://www.oregonlive.com/silicon-forest/index.ssf/2014/07/i... I'm the maintainer of a proprietary C++14 RTOS for work. What do you want to know? We switched from C++11 to C++14 mainly for constexpr (it existed in 11, but had a lot of restrictions that limited it's usefulness). The advanced template techniques (and to a degree, I'm throwing type deduction in there too), when treated skeptically do lead to more efficient code. It's easy to go off the deep end though, which is why I said "when treated skeptically". As for lambdas, we have an entirely asynchronous OS, so they're really nice for callback glue. EDIT: Binary literals actually come up way less than you'd think, even for deeply embedded (I think the smallest thing we ship on currently is 16KB of RAM). Everyone here knows hex like the back of their hand. And if you use it once, you tend to use it multiple times, each with a little code. * Peek a value that's MMIO * EIEIO * Poke right back into MMIO * EIEIO Hahahahahahaha > IPs aren't tied to specific subscribers, and giving out a database of IPs to subscriber addresses would be a huge breach of privacy (as advertisers can use it also). Would that really stop BT? Or do you think that they wouldn't without getting paid first? "Hey, did you know that if you forward your receipt to this website with a bitcoin wallet address, they'll send you as much as $20 depending on how you voted?" It's still much more efficient than if all of the cars had been running gasoline engines. And if you're curious about how it works, there's this great article. http://fabiensanglard.net/anotherWorld_code_review/ Top 10% is a little inclusive for "wealthy". That's $118K household income. I wouldn't really put two people making $59K in the "wealthy" range. I mean, NYSE is owned by an Atlanta company now. There aren't a lot of true bus topologies out there any more for collisions to occur on. And Wi-Fi retransmits. Well, wired Ethernet isn't a bus topology anymore, so there aren't collisions. They do mention MOSTEK in passing, but this article is literally about who created the first single chip microprocessor. Those other companies aren't even in the running. Yeah he's wrong, routers don't buffer for downstream reasons in any context I've seen. That being said, Wi-Fi retransmits on more than just collisions. Under the hood, Wi-Fi actually has it's own acknowledgement protocol beneath the Ethernet layer. The idea is that with electrical bus protocols like Thicknet, each tap has a pretty good view of the whole bus. For wireless you might see your own frames just fine, but the destination might not. So you need to retransmit not just when you see collisions, but when the destination hasn't explicitly acknowledged your packets. That was my immediate thought too. Israel is known for playing rough when it comes to sovereignty concerns, particularly of a technological nature. Sounds good. Keep up the good work! : ) I mean, your swap file does the exact same thing. Copying from phire's reddit post > I had a quick look at the BAT mappings it was setting up. The data BATs were set up in a regular manner, with a 1:1 mapping from virtual memory to physical memory. But the instruction BATs was a weird 1:1 mapping with a bunch of holes. It mapped 128KB, followed by a 1.85MB gap, then 512KB followed by at 1.5MB gap. Then 1MB followed by a 11MB gap and a final 2MB. > My guess, is the important code that would run multiple times a frame was positioned into areas backed by BATs (with linker scripts), as BAT mappings are nice and fast. Then they would use page tables to fill in the gaps with more uncommon code. > Most of the uncommon code would be backed by invalid memory, until something jumped to it. Then a pagefault handler would decompress and/or copy that code from auxiliary ram into a cache backed by real memory, and set up page tables to map the code into place. > Complicated, but would allow them to squash a large executable into the limited ram of the gamecube. https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/51f1yz/booting... Given that we've had the source to both CP\M http://www.cpm.z80.de/source.html and MS-DOS v1.1 https://github.com/BlastarIndia/msdos available for some time, and given that there's sort of always been bad blood between DR and Microsoft, I'm going to go with 'no' being the answer here. DR would be suing. Hell, if I were Microsoft's legal team and if the answer isn't 'no' I'd be crafting up a scary letter involving libel. Meanwhile, for Rust fans... https://github.com/Geal/nom is a parser combinator library for Rust. That's awesome. It's an actual use case for a OISC. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_instruction_set_computer In that case, you could read /proc/cpuinfo and set your affinity mask. Uber also bought all of the data from Bing Maps, and hand categorizing the lot of it. I'm sure Google is doing something similar with their maps data. I for one would love to see the relationship between program size and code cache size on real applications. Or, better for marketing, a 'Pro' SKU which is actually targeted towards their bread and butter 'I don't know what an ethernet port is, but want "the best"', which removes anything and everything in the name of weight, power, and industrial design. _And_ an innocuous 'Developer Essentials' or something SKU that actually unashamedly focuses on being a work horse. Keep the Ethernet port, and USB-A ports (I'm sure those are next on the chopping block). If you're not trying to shave every gram and millimeter off, you can have a bigger battery. Function keys, and a 10 key would be nice too. Hell, if the lawyers have done a good job, both sides walk away from a settlement thinking that they won. That's awesome for your use case, but I've come across tons of times where it be useful, forgot the thunderbolt adapter, and was weary of thunderbolt adapters just laying around. Think not relying on WiFi while giving a presentation. 100%? No. More than USB? Yes. Do we have any data that Google is actually using their POWER9 boxes? I always read that as investing in anything not Intel (see also RISC-V), just to be in a better negotiating position with Intel for the vast number of CPUs that they buy. DMCA takedowns mean nothing to a site that has no safe harbor privileges anyway. IANAL, and I still know at least that much. > but false Any citation for that? It doesn't cost $6M to run a couple twitter feeds for a few months. https://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/lookup2.php?strID=C00578997 And she didn't say that Correct the Record doesn't have covert accounts, she said the Barrier Breakers accounts are always marked. In a lot of cases, these bloatware apps are in the RO root partition, and so you wouldn't really gain usable disk space. He doesn't have user mode yet AFAICT. It's really unfortunate too, because NXP nuked quite a bit of the NDA free support for the i.MX6 after they acquired Freescale. There's now tons of dead links, and they even removed stuff like a bunch of the SD Card images for their Sabre boards. When we asked where that stuff went we were directed to some crappy Indian outsourcing firm that kept it behind a $19,000 pay wall. I'm really happy that one of our more seasoned engineers essentially locally mirrors everything he can download when he starts a new design just for this circumstance. TrustZone is, for practical purposes, a little more open if you're the one designing the board. Most of the time, the crypto is opt in, and you as the final assembler control the keys. According to this, middle class in Loudoun county is ~$150K household income. http://www.loudountimes.com/news/article/the_loudouns_at_122... Looking at Zillow, it's cheaper than where I live (Boulder, CO). If you're going to go through the process of taping out your own chips, RISC-V is probably your best bet at the moment. The reason that modern cores are in the billions of transistors is to get performance with correctness. Tons of speculative work that can be rolled back if some invariants don't hold to be true. Yep. Went and tried the lookup method against a 5 step parallel shift and add method (which is the fastest bitwise way I know of without, and the lookup is ~5% faster than the bitwise way. https://gist.github.com/monocasa/1d44a03cbd0170bfffc6a4a5c37... For a 64bit quantity? I'm curious to see your algorithm in actual code. Which allocator? For those who care, they replace the allocator. 'Process' is an extremely overloaded term. It's more of a green thread for Erlang VM applications. > Why would they be doing a technical interview with a psychologist? Because every psychology major I knew from college either went back and got a masters in a different subject, or is working at Home Depot. They'd kill for a $12/hr job. They dropped the trespassing charges. She's now being charged with rioting. http://www.democracynow.org/2016/10/15/breaking_nd_prosecuto... To be fair, it's because Clinton and her staff have called both publicly and privately for him to be executed, extrajudicially if need be. I'd have a grudge too. Whataboutism is papering over your own deficiencies by claiming that others are the same or worse. It's not whataboutism to point out logical inconsistencies in the same legal system. He's unable to leave without facing extremely stiff legal consequences. He is, at least, metaphorically jailed in the embassy. Except the fact that Sweden in the past has subverted their judicial process to hand non Swedish citizens over to the CIA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repatriation_of_Ahmed_Agiza_an... I can't actually find any examples of extrajudicial extraordinary rendition originating from the UK. The best I can find is that some of the CIA flights refueled in a UK territory. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extraordinary_rendition#United... Well, while he's technically in the UK, he's not subject to the UK's judicial process. And I can't ind any examples of extrajudicial extraordinary rendition originating in the UK, unlike Sweden. It was initially in 2010 in response to the Manning leaks. http://truepundit.com/under-intense-pressure-to-silence-wiki... But still outside the UK judicial process. I see the Russian distinction between blues equivalent to the distinction between red and pink for English speakers. Couldn't you make the same argument for nearly everyone who's jailed? To be fair, even the non general QCs like D-Wave are supposedly great at protein folding, which is one of the barriers to various cancer cures. If you're not that crazy, you can build a fusion reactor, although the design necessarily requires more energy than it puts out. Teens have built these for science fair projects. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fusor Even if the government knew that said friend was there and spent ~£10M on 24hr security so that he couldn't leave without being arrested? They're typically taught to children as distinct colors. The first three images google gave me for "kindergarten colors": http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_kkd-_JfiGWA/TUdXevHfRUI/AAAAAAAAAb... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/fe/a8/da/fea8dad8f... https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0MfwZHSO9lA/maxresdefault.jpg There're a lot of unsubstantiated NX rumors. Right, outside of the UK judicial process. She allegedly said this in 2010, two years before Assange entered the Ecuadorian Embassy. The Vienna Convention is only the current basis for international law. The concept of diplomatic immunity is at least as hold as history itself. Yes it gets violated occasionally, like nearly every law and custom we've ever created. That's generally treated as an act of war though. You're the only one in this thread that said anything about Ecuadorian soil. I suggest you look at usernames. So when is Javascript not going to be in an experimental phase? A couple of years ago it would have been 'when browsers support ES6'. Now it's 'when browsers support ES7'. Next year it's going to be 'when browsers support ES8'. God, no. I think this is one of those "would be nice if" hypotheticals. Over JTAG, you're looking at ~200ms for each break which makes it untenable for a lot of embedded use-cases. Unfortunately NXP is nuking most of the iMX6 support from orbit after they bought Freescale. Even things like most of the SD card images for their SABRE boards were deleted of their site. It's only due to the large open ecosystem around the iMX6 that we were able to debug some issues while bringing up a board recently. Unfortunately, there's a lot of licensing issues. It was pretty much ported to the 360, but legal reasons kept it from being released. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRRuhviJGMQ Even before that, they had the N64 Transfer Pak. And before that they had the SuperGameboy. They've been trying to blend mobile and console since they had both. I don't know, their mobile products are so anemic that it's hard to call them "me too". A RPi2 is more powerful than a 3DS. There's a crowd that prefers GameCube + CRT for the extremely low latency. Word on the street is that the higher echelons of Nintendo are absolutely terrified of a pedophile picking up children on their network. When views through that lens, all of their Internet decisions make sense. I mean, the SuperGameBoy literally let you play GameBoy games on your TV. And it was hidden way deep inside of it, but Pokemon Stadium 2 had a GameBoy emulator that ran out of a Transfer Pak. And I've got a bridge to sell you. I mean... NASA has a team that works on how to warp spacetime in order to provide apparent propulsion. What? Chisel compiles to Verilog generally? GPUs had their own MMUs five years ago for running user shaders. No, there's flexibility in the general schedule system. It both goes from $18K to $133K, and includes cost of living adjustments. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Schedule_(US_civil_ser... Why not? You can be both ambitious and a dumb ass. Fun fact: ARC derives originally from the SuperFX inside some SNES cartridges like Star Fox. Honestly, the inside looks rindunculously like the NT kernel. Pretty much all HDL tools. I've heard on the grapevine that Apple's own internal chip teams have to use Linux or Windows because the HDL vendors won't port to OSX, even with Apple willing to fund the effort. Our shop treats our FPGA HDL as software. Robotics. Tons of IPAs are a sign that the brewery doesn't really have their shit together from a cleanliness standpoint. Tons of hops has an antibacterial side effect. You know how you can't just compile normal C to a GPU and expect a speed up because the underlying computational models are so different? It's like that, just a few orders of magnitude worse. Really? I'm one of those weird people that like VHDL more than Verilog. The whole reason hops are added is for their antibacterial propterites. > Hops are used extensively in brewing for their antibacterial effect that favors the activity of brewer's yeast over less desirable microorganisms https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hops > Hops have a long history of use as a natural preservative in beer. A little known benefit, however, is that hops also contain high concentrations of unique “alpha” and “beta” acids that can inhibit the growth of Gram-positive bacteria at surprisingly low concentrations. To that end, Hopsteiner produces a variety of natural and modified food grade hop products which can very effectively and economically inhibit bacteria growth in a wide variety of applications including food, spirits, fuel ethanol, yeast and process streams (to name just a few). http://www.hopsteiner.com/antibacterial/ And this rule of thumb was told to me by a brewer who just got a GABF medal. The guy knows what he's talking about. What state are you in? And have you done any brewing at scale? A lot of times you can tell that a craft beer scene is new because of how much everyone is into IPAs. Why do you think the IPA bandwagon got started to begin with? And why does it slow down in areas with a more developed craft scene like Colorado and the northwest? You're a couple years out of date with the metagame. What state are you in? It's vague because basically the only difference between a homebrew and and a nanobrew is that the nanobrew has cut the right checks to the right .gov entities. That's not always socially acceptable. Well yeah, it'd have to be the receive on the Ethernet, it is porn after all. And I'd heard rumors of the excuse in the past wrt even cross console play (eg. Xbox vs Playstation) was semi officially security. They didn't want their network running code that didn't go through their cert process, and their mutual NDAs kept them from being able to officially cert the other system's build. That being said I'm sure their were marketing reasons too. It costs a non trivial amount of transistors (when compared with an ascetic RISC core) to load words from arbitrarily aligned addresses. 'RISC' used to be about removing those kinds of features, although the term has been a bit bastardized since then). You're right in the abstract sense, but we're talking in the context of AArch64 vs. AArch32. "States' Rights" was always a red herring, IMO. Even in the civil war, the confederate constitution explicitly banned individual states from deciding to ban slavery. That article also says > One of the areas they focus on is scheduler performance. They do not have hard realtime requirements, but do care about wakeup latencies, he said. It sounds like their hard real time controls are on non-Linux OSs. Are those 4 billion people not in range of a cell tower, or are they simply too poor to own or rent a downlink device, be it phone, dongle, or what have you? Following that logic, iOS is also popular in the embedded space. It's a simple ISA, but built to be fast. It's specifically designed to map well to OoO cores at the slight expense of some features on in order cores that give you little boosts (like branch delay slots and other exposed pipeline features). Last I saw, BOOM compared very well to other OoO cores at the same gate count. They've made their compressed ISA a first class citizen, with code density that's in the Thumb2 range. I mean, invite only + downvote/upvote system looks a lot like how you'd create a safe space to me. Yep. And sometimes they'll have their super bright light on strobe. Bikers out there, if you want to make sure I can't tell your distance or heading, put your ultra bright light on strobe. There's no evidence that they're inviting from the waiting list. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/11/16/banned-alt-... Probably nearly all of them. Changing how Bitmap talks to ashmem doesn't really get a vendor anything. > truly "intelligent" behavior (including emotions), Why are emotions required for intelligence? ARMv7 was already approaching x86 levels of complexity. Something like 1200 instructions and 30 years of cruft. The title is literally "Why [the] Google Pixel lags 10x more than [the] Moto Z". If he doesn't show that fsync(3) is the gating factor, then the fact that the Moto Z nops out fsync doesn't mean that much. > The people-transport industry is also worth more than the goods transport industry [citation needed] I wonder if this was released due to Xen's recent x86 instruction emulation bugs. http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-9932 http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-9383 > I've seen engineers promoted to management, who suddenly drink the kool-aid that they're "better" than the engineers they worked beside a month ago. Now that they're managers, they know better. To be fair, while I've absolutely seen what you're talking about, I've also seen a slightly different phenomenon get blamed for that. Part of a manager's job IMO is to remove systemic paralysis. Some times that means making a totally arbitrary decision just so people move forward. Even if it turns out it was the wrong solution to whatever problem, just making the decision and allowing people to explore the problem space from different directions can have some value. Having access to the HDL for a chip would be awesome. We use a custom RTOS at work, and occasionally run into actually new silicon bugs (ie. the vendor ends up writing errata based on what we found). If I had access to the HDL, it'd reduce a month long debugging->fix cycle quite a bit and let me get back to more important work. I'm mainly waiting I can actually buy silicon, and can trust the company not to go under in six months since our products typically have ~10 year lifespans. But yeah, this work and other work like it has me super excited about the future. Same with Pixar/Disney/-$7.4B. TO be fair, you could consider the animation/film unit to be the marketing wing of Parks & Resorts for the purposes of this discussion. Why would anyone go to the parks without Mickey, Leia, and Iron Man? I always took the precheck to be a clever setup for a useless organization. They have the completing concerns that they both need to A) screen enough people that our looks like they're doing something and, B) minimize inconveniencing the kind of people that Representatives actually listen to. By adding that fee to skip the line, they add a de facto class distinction on who gets screened. At the cost of extra bandwidth and interrupt latency. Not if it's as inefficient as is claimed. > The most docile 60 year olds I know become positively vitriolic at the idea of even the age of benefit payout being changed by 5 years. I guess I'm afraid of a slow rollout. ie. everyone who's 40 and older gets normal social security, if you're ~35 now, you'll have to wait a few years more. It's exactly the kind of "we got ours" BS that the boomers are so known for. I mean, the FICA taxes were increased in 1983 in part as preparation for the Boomer's retirement. When that bubble is past us, we shouldn't need to increase again for a couple generations, even accounting for increased average lifespan. I'd point to the massive amounts of privatization of what was public infrastructure. If you're into documentaries, I'd really recommend some of Adam Curtis's stuff on the topic; he covers the topics much more completely and eloquently than I. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Trap_(TV_series) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Watched_Over_by_Machines_o... Honestly, I've heard worse out of sysadmins in some places. If that 'collective of one's legitimately only needs one worker, then that isn't a problem. If someone else joins him later then he has to share the MoP. I fail to see the logical inconsistency. I don't 'rely' on a debugger per se, but it's an important tool in my arsenal. When I know that memory corruption is occurring (I work in embedded C++), a debugger with watchpoints is about the only way to track down who has that stray pointer. Sure, a debugger isn't an excuse for not thinking about what you're doing, but banning them outright is a ridiculous idea. > all the debug capability is proprietary vendor extensions. To be fair, these are generally fairly well documented for most CPU cores. For the ones that aren't documented, sniffing a proprietary debugger isn't difficult. If I don't really remember what all was in my Linear Algebra class from 15 years ago, but have a working knowledge from graphics would that work, or would I need more of a theoretical background in linear algebra do you think? Overcommit of resources, causing near constant thrashing to disk. > Google claims coldline access within miliseconds Well, that basically tells you almost all you need to know. It's disk in JBODs. The only question is SMR vs conventional. Anyone who knows that can't tell you in public. Wow, they're really asking for another anti-trust case. Anything disallowed by executive order can be allowed again by executive order. There are informal systems. That's a big leap. They don't have to actually show ads for that analytics data to be extremely valuable. It'd make sense that there would be a mechanism for graceful degradation, no? It's hard to beat at that gate count. I mean, it's wholly owned by The Beatles and their estates, and AFAICT it's sole raison d'être is to protect their IP. And the PS3 before it. And the WiiU, and the Wii. And every AMD chip since about 2013 (AMD Platform Security Processor, their equivalent of Intel's ME). Honestly, pretty much every complex electronic device (and quite a few not so!) out there has a bunch of ARMs inside of it doing system management. This is borderline a non-story IMO. Hell, an ARM7TDMI was a pretty common core to use on SD cards a few years back. The damn things are everywhere. > engineers with the low-level experience probably are way harder to find than for ARM Eh, the instruction set doesn't matter that much for modern CPU designers (within reason). Apple's in house expertise came (in part) from their acquisition of P.A. Semi and their PowerPC engineers; Apple it seems immediately redirected them to working on ARM designs. And the Transmeta guys proved that a third party can put out an interesting x86 chip if you can get access to the licenses. I mean, around me the made a law that you can't be within 3 feet of a cyclist. After that passed there was a group of cyclists going around with yardsticks trying to smack cars while riding. Pretending that there aren't extremely toxic cyclists doesn't help the problem. Not being a dick and working together without everyone constantly on edge that everyone else is going to screw them the first chance they get is a totally valid strategy, even from a self-interest standpoint. Mutual Aid: A Factor of Evolution http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/4341 They were actively riding into lanes and hitting cars. They just don't want to commit to a timeline, but they plan on supporting Vulkan for end users (hence why they care enough to even put out a beta driver). https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/developing-games-and... VRML (and most of the scene graph style 3D apis) died in the 90s for a reason. I mean, that's going to happen anyway. The whole point of Vulkan/Metal/DX12 is that since GPUs have their own MMUs it's totally OK to seg fault your own process from the GPU side. You just crash your process, but you don't take down the system. That line of thinking doesn't really translate well to a JS API. > There are other companies too. In addition to what people have said about Intel, Qualcomm, ARM, and IMG are all behind Vulkan. Who else is making GPUs these days? > Temperature? Stability? Yes. Notice how after it was clear that P4 was a dead end they went and dusted off their P3 mobile line that they had been making more power efficient the whole time? Haha, yeah P4 had multiple pipeline stages just for propagation delay. > Otherwise more research could have gone towards solving heat problem. (ii) Each cycle of CPU was more efficient with ability to execute multiple instructions in a single cycle and with more efficient instruction sets. Dude, Intel spends something like $80B/yr on R&D. This is closer to hitting fundamental laws of physics barriers. They killed off their P4 line and developed their mobile line for a reason. Yep. As Gave Newell says, "piracy is a service problem." Or that stupid dancing baby CGI that blew up in the late nineties for some reason. Indigenous tribes can absolutely put their hands on some wicked strong psychedelics. Ever heard of peyote? $67M is probably a drop in the bucket for them. > both NATO and the United States have a range of capabilities to inform, influence, and persuade selected target audiences. Increase the flow of persuasive information and start to compete, seeking to generate effects that support U.S. and NATO objectives Yeah, it's called JTRIG. There's a reason why Eglin Air Force Base was declared 'the most reddit addicted city', and then the blog post was deleted. https://web.archive.org/web/20160604042751/http://www.reddit... There's no compiler writers throwing out if(undefined_behavior) { ruin_developers_day(); } It tends to be the effects of valid by the spec optimizations making assumptions that would only not be true during undefined behavior. Wouldn't Java's crippled generics actually help reduce the method count since due to type erasure they're all the same method at the VM level anyway? Thank god, maybe this'll slow down the whole "vaccines cause autism" BS. A huge part of that was that symptoms started to show after a big vaccine dose you get around 2 years old. I think they're just a victim of their own success. Particularly the iterative language concept of 'function' is by no means universal. They were kind of grafted onto mainframe architectures, and even the MIX from the original The Art of Computer Programming used self modifying code to perform subroutine calls. Functions are an extremely common pattern more or less expected by every language, but I'd definitely call them patterns still. Modern dev consoles use the same DRM scheme as the retail consoles, they simply use a different (most of the time per developer) certificate, and won't boot retail signed titles. Modern game systems are running on top of a real big boy kernel this generation, so you don't need hardware level debugging support. An equivalent to gdbserver is enough. The Ouya's SoC was out of date by the time they launched. I wouldn't say that the idea is invalid based off of that experience. I've seen systems that don't allow you to have direct access to the signing tools; it's an online encryption oracle. With this setup, it could easily blacklist known retail binaries and refuse to sign them. That's about equivalent to PCIe 3.0 4x, or PCIe 2.0 8x. That's not how pensions work. Seriously, the postal union was very against the law requiring this. There absolutely test kits that can tell the difference between, say, LSD and the 2C variants. They've always been underpowered, that's part of their shtick. Just some generations all of the competitors are underpowered too. It'll probably be a WebKit vulnerability like most initial console exploits these days. Huh, looks like they're still using the netfront browser (and it's webkit internals). https://www.nintendo.co.jp/support/oss/ Yay for exploits! > The Nazis didn't have anything like modern surveillance, and they didn't need it to enact the Holocaust. So I'm not sure what your point is; could you clarify? There was significant custom logistical technology developed for the challenge of tracking millions of people during the Holocaust. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_and_the_Holocaust NXP also nuked a lot of their free support from orbit when they bought Freescale. Doing stuff like deleting a bunch of the SD card images for their sabre boards. We were told by NXP that some Indian support firm still had them for like... a $20k support contract. They really pissed us off with that crap, and our shop at least probably won't be buying NXP parts for a while. > Although for any modern robotics project you definitely need a powerful gpu. Wat. I know this is hacker news, but not every project requires a DNN. There's more than water. A lot of things that freeze into a crystal lattice can be less dense than their liquid states. Silicon dioxide is another IIRC. Nah, it turns out the switch is using an OS derived from their custom, proprietary 3DS OS. They run the FreeBSD network stack in another process in user land, hence the copyright claim. Nah, it turns out the switch is using an OS derived from their custom, proprietary 3DS OS. They run the FreeBSD network stack in another process in user land, hence the copyright claim. CPU ones definitely fuzz, and formally verify parts of their chips. Unfortunately fuzzing ultimately has a random component, which doesn't really prove that you got all of these bugs. And (probably more importantly) reduces overall IPC by around 30% generally. The whole point of SMT these days is to have continuous work for the ALUs despite recent cache misses. This is what I use for the weird collection of rack mount stuff I keep at home. Works well. At a minimum you still need timer and TLB IPI shootdown interrupts hitting every core, just to have a working SMP system. While the engineer in me abhors the lack of process in their releases, I like the idea of their almost genetic distribution on a, like, LSD tripping level. You know what they say, "the 'S' in IoT stands for security." > won't publish their sources for the various device drivers needed. And how is Fuchsia supposed to help that? So, going back to Win32, it's as if OpenFile also took a HANDLE that represented your abilities (or capabilities if you will ) within the security model, with the explicit ability to forward these handles (or new handles that represent a subset of the original's capabilities) to other processes if you choose. Do they deanonymize aggregate data? Are they basically just saying "we won't sell to small fries", or is there an actual privacy concern here? I don't. This is the only project I know of. http://www.clifford.at/icestorm/ And GPUs these days have their own MMUs too. These days you don't even submit them via a kernel call these days; you've got your own GPU MMU context so you can kind of just go to town within your own process. That's sort of the whole point behind Mantle/Vulkan/Metal/DX12. You've also have Singularity style software isolated processes where the OS statically verifies memory safety so that it can safely run all of the code in ring 0. Last time I pinged their spokesman (Alex Voica), the answer was that they hadn't found someone with the 'right fit'. Source? That's a huge architectural change for them. It's orders of magnitude harder to statically check for at app submission time than Bitcode vs. Native is. AMD sold their mobile division to Qualcomm; Adreno is just Radeon with the letters rearranged. They may not be able to get involved in mobile. Haha, and then Apple would own MIPS. So that's tile based rasterization not tile based rendering. There's a huge difference. This is basically just a cache before the ROPs write into DRAM. EDIT: Also, I don't think his test is proving what he thinks it is. I mean, there's chips that have that in their top metal layers, and there's still crazy people out there with electron microscopes and tiny pins that subvert them. https://web-beta.archive.org/web/20111124050620/http://www.f... I wouldn't be surprised if increased physical security on ATMS isn't worth the practical difference in losses. sel4 is written in C. Last time I checked, the movs variants were microcoded slow path; you used SSE to get the fastest memcpy. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Bx4hafXDDq2EMzRNcy1vSUxtcEk... Eh, that's not the biggest deal, it's basically always been like that on consoles, and that's the whole point of Mantle/Metal/Vulkan/DX12. ie. the fact that GPUs have MMUs these days, so user space can just write raw to the command buffer without being second guessed by the kernel drivers. The switch to DX12 is just that you can write the same sort of code on Windows and Xbone (the 360 had enough extensions that you sort of had to have separate rendering backends for 360 and Windows, despite them both potentially being DirectX 9). https://www.crowdsupply.com/sutajio-kosagi/novena ARMv7a has the same thing (called LPAE by ARM). http://infocenter.arm.com/help/index.jsp?topic=/com.arm.doc.... That being said, the Cortex A9 in the iMX6 doesn't support that, and therefore it only supports 3840MB (4GB minus a hole for ROM and MMIO). https://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/01/world/senate-intelligence... > An internal investigation by the C.I.A. has found that its officers penetrated a computer network used by the Senate Intelligence Committee in preparing its damning report on the C.I.A.’s detention and interrogation program. They hacked Senate oversight computers. What do you think they used to do that? > They push the narrative that these tools are being used on americans, should be ashamed, don't trust your intelligence agencies etc. I then show public examples of the CIA not only using hacking tools against Americans, but against the very oversight framework that's supposed to keep them in check. > outside the scope of this article wat? I mean, your example is not really the best. Rifles are just another tool that I'd call for to be removed from the CIAs arsenal if they were on record as using them against the Senate Intelligence Oversight Committee. When they apply those tools against the very checks and balances governing the use of those tools, the only safe option is to (at least temporarily) remove those tools from their arsenal. Uhhh.. yes.. it's pretty common for the army to be temporarily disbanded for using tanks against the government (ie. orchestrating a coup). It's not hypotheticals or speculation that the CIA used hacking tools against the Senate. To be fair, the British government didn't give a Commodore 64 to every British child for free. Not defending Uber here (it's pretty obvious that they fucked up big time here), but in these cases it's common to allow counsel (and counsel only) to look at both companies' IP as part of the discovery process. Counsel then giving access to information they found in that process would be grounds for pretty immediate disbarring. So that means that they distributed, what, two or three orders of magnitude more micro:bits? You're just making a different point than the OP. He was arguing that there's no evidence that these tools have been used outside of the accepted bounds of the CIA. That's obviously false given the Senate hacking (which itself was over the CIA not liking the results of governance over another tool in their arsenal: "enhanced interrogation"). But going back to the temporary disbanding, how in practice do you think that would work? You can't just jail or execute all of the military. Wouldn't it stand to reason that the very weapons used against the government would be locked up until you could figure out who those 'domestic enemies' are that the Oath to the Constitution talks about? Yes the very existence of these tools isn't a problem, these tools being in the hands of those who have proved that they are systemically incapable of legally using these tools is a problem. You therefore remove those tools from their arsenal, going so far as to disband them entirely if necessary (ie. if their use of these tools threatens the country on a whole and you can't trust them to truly give the tools up completely). I don't have a problem with the use of these tools in general by intelligence agencies, I have a problem with the CIA's access to these tools. There's a lot of work being done to use IO-MMUs for user space drivers to allow safe hardware access even with DMA. > in time those would converge to the best midlayer design What makes you think that? I would argue that they're simply not internally consistent. I'd add in 1965's "The War Game" by Peter Watkins. it was commissioned by the BBC as an educational film to prepare the populace for a post nuclear attack world, but was pulled at the last minute as "the effect of the film has been judged by the BBC to be too horrifying for the medium of broadcasting." All of the VMs I've seen with hard real time guarantees also have more than an order of magnitude overall performance degradation over native. Yep, hard real time code tends not to malloc and free for that reason. Most hard real time systems only allow dynamic memory management at system initialization, not at normal runtime. I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't already have a team working on it's successor: an internet connected mini console that only plays virtual console games off their store. You could even have a custom common plug on the front and sell a bunch of generations of controllers for some obscene amount of money and know that their'd be a lot of people who'd get four each of at least NES, SNES, and N64 controllers. $40 a pop and that's $480 right there. Although it's Nintendo and they're kind of known for not catching some of the easy throws. I mean that was true for DOOM and the like. Optimizing it was really about optimizing the accesses to VRAM. See all the Mode X and unchained memory stuff. My point isn't about "graphics acceleration" (and the OP doesn't use that term either. It's about reducing memory bandwidth between from the CPU to VRAM. The huge emphasis that ID guys put on reducing overdraw to basically nothing really helped it run on relatively shitty platforms. The basically optimized it to the point where CPU->VRAM bandwidth was the bottleneck.