There are already people cheating. I'm looking at you Anon #2340. That's okay, there's time to work on the shielding. 0.03 c is the most that can be feasibly achieved using top-end near future technology like dusty plasma fission fragment rockets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fission-fragment_rocket This memo spends the entire time talking about the 'evil' al-qa'ida and how even if a US citizen joins them then legally they should get to kill them. It goes into deep detail about this scenario for a number of pages. But it skips over, in 5 lines at the very beginning, that it also applies to anyone they arbitrarily say are associated with al-qa'ida. No details about that. The important issue isn't the legal justification of some mythical US al-qa'ida as this document tries to stress. It's about the fact that they decide who is an 'associated group' they can also kill and that decision is secret and arbitrary. http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ provides a good background summary of microcode on AMD/Intel CPU in general. Here's a non-scribd link: http://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~jansen/papers/lira-ndss2013.pdf After reading the full text article I was surprised to find the protons from the aluminium foil/picosecond pulse interaction actually come from hydrocarbon impurities that were on the back surface of the foils. If they don't guard that hydrocarbon film on the back of the aluminium from the Boron-ionizing nanosecond pulse then they don't get protons. So that is why the second thinner aluminium film is there; to shield the impurity layer on the thick aluminium film. According to my tests (with many dongles of E4K and R820T tuners) it takes about ~50 milliseconds for everything to happen. Use keenerd's experimental branch for fast tuning with R820T tuners. I'm not sure the main branch has fixed the driver yet. My best guess is that something in libusb is slowing down the process which in theory should only take ~8 milliseconds. The cap is not the frightening bit of this announcement. That Comcast has declared they will MITM and hack user connections to all websites not using SSL is frightening. > ...we are fortunate enough to have an OptiTrack optical motion capture system in our lab. The 12 cameras capture at 100FPS, and the Motive software computes position and orientation... That part of it seems a bit less feasible for home use. This is one area where a native AR system like the CastAR wins. Okay, but does the baseband processor have direct memory access to the system RAM? If so, it is useless from a security standpoint. I accept that Russian bankers are getting away with various forms of theft and fraud. But so are the bankers in western countries like the USA and the UK (too big to prosecute). It is like this article's refrain of "In any other country,", "in most countries", etc is not only unaware of the same thing going on everywhere but intentionally ignoring it. This is a great comic. I just wish he had preserved the old format which was deep-linkable instead of switching to a "pretty" javascript interface. It's the magnetic field in the solar wind deflecting the charged cosmic rays. It is not a scattering effect from increased density. What is talked about here is the arrival of the high speed stream, but it is not the high speed stream itself. What is important is the momentum transfer from the high speed stream to the slow stream out in front of it. This builds up to a genuine shockwave by Mar's orbit but at earth it is just a smooth increase in dynamic pressure. There's a pile up of the "frozen-in" magnetic field at this co-rotating interaction region and that field's intensity deflects the cosmic rays (and other charged particles) from certain directions at certain distances. This is the pretty much the same mechanism as the Forbush decrease associated with coronal mass ejections. Lets put it this way: if you're anywhere you only have to melt snow a handful of days per year it is not worth it to have heating. Anywhere snow is seriously inconvenient this idea is silly. On some linux configurations flash 11.x doesn't seem to work with livestream. A handful of seconds play then it permanently buffers. One solution is to use the python program livestreamer ( http://livestreamer.tanuki.se/en/latest/index.html ) to play the stream in vlc. Probably, but I'll never know through this means because privacyinternational decided to rely on a javascript dependent page rendering. Now combine it with transcutaneous electrical stimulation on the inner ear. In the past (2000s) there were more than a few studies show this could control walking direction of blindfolded participants too. No. There's no mechanism of action. A tens of hertz a nanotesla magnetic field is not doing anything. It is not creating a significate potential anywhere, especially not the brain. The rate of change in the magnetic field is proportional to the induced voltage and here both the rate of change and field strength are tiny. Magnetic fields themselves have no effect. We are literally always surrounded by such insignificant fields. This paper is akin to someone claiming to be "electrosensitive". It's an extremely bold claim without the evidence to back it up. Finally a popular press article wanting that digs deeper than the old fables about dopamine. For more in-depth information Berridge has a big list of review articles: http://www.lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/public... The most popular low end quadcopter, the Syma X5C, has this. The blades are flexible and stop almost instantly when obstructed. This is great for preventing breakage when you hit a tree. I've stuck my finger in there intentionally without even mild pain. If a $60 device has it I bet the multi-hundred and thousand dollar devices will not have trouble. Since they will be in low earth orbits the radiation effects will be significantly less than compared to geosynchronous satellites. They'll be well within the magnetosphere. As for atmospheric ionization: it won't be a problem at the multiple GHz frequencies of interest. That really only effects stuff well under 1 GHz. Skype becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys Skype for the US government. eBay sells Skype. PayPal becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys PayPal for the US government. eBay sells PayPal. This page will reliably kill X.Org X Server 1.7.6 regardless of the browser used to render it. This article seems to think being stopped by the police because of jogging is a thing of the past. I live in a state university town full of joggers but I've been stopped 3 times for my "suspicious" jogging just in the last year. I guess it's because I do it at weird times with normal clothing instead of the standard exercise uniform. They always say something along the lines of "I thought you were in trouble." to justify themselves. Well, they require me to identify myself (by name) and what I'm doing so it seems to me that the stated justifications are post-hoc. But no, I've never been detained for more than a couple minutes. Cargo pants and a t-shirt usually. Well, this is all terrible. They mention having to use the nightly or developers releases instead of their walled garden versions. But both of those are unstable and very crashy. And how likely are they to keep the unbranded version up and updated as time goes on? And getting rid of the entire firefox add-ons community is just insane. The add-ons are what makes firefox good. It's why people use Firefox. I guess if they just want us to use Chrome this series of changes will work great. Have you used it? After I heard about the changes coming down the line in 41 a week or so back I immediately downloaded it and started configuring it to be my new main browser. The only problem was that it crashed constantly. It's just anecdotal but my personal experience backs up what I've said here. That's true. But that isn't what most users care about regarding this change. Just look at these comment threads: users care about the power-user extensions being forced out. There's a definite drop of support. Firefox is dropping the add-ons that made it special. The title now is just spin. Tell it to NoScript. Your website now doesn't render text unless javascript is enabled. This is bad design. Stop it. You can do this kind of thing yourself with a $10 rtlsdr dvbt dongle, NMEA GPS, laptop and various software. The most commonly used is Eartoearoak's rtlsdr-scanner: http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner NW0W has also done a lot of work on mapping powerline interference with rtlsdr dongles in multiple blog posts. An older represenative example is at: http://blog.dxers.info/2015/01/driveby-system-live-on-road.h... tautology2 showed his visualization implementation + code over at: https://www.reddit.com/r/RTLSDR/comments/2hbjyt/gsm_heatmap_... They're all (except the detail thumbnails) initally loaded as a blank.png and then substituted in with javascript for absolutely no reason. That kind of thing gets me to close the tab real fast. Except he didn't sell drugs at all. He ran a marketplace. It might be just me but I can't figure out how to even start compiling this to test it out on linux. That said, I'm always happy to see alternatives to Festival TTS. Hopefully it'll become a bit more user friendly in time. Flite is not Festival. It is a very cut down version for embedded machines. If a US national security letter with a gag were used it wouldn't show up here. You seem to be certain that the people targeted are actually "officers in an insurgency". After reading "The Drone Papers." stories I don't think we can take that as a given. The issue here is not so much the invasive tracking and such. That's bad but it is private land. The issue is that millions of dollars of taxpayers' money is being used to pay for things on private land as if it were public. I used terraserver to manually download the entire tile set for my town (right click, save as). Then I laboriously used Photoshop 5 to align and remove the watermarks. It took an entire week but by the end I had a clean ~150 MB jpg that I could scroll around in as needed. Huh. It seems like the justice system has been as corrupt as it is currently for a long time. "Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site." Sorry but your website needs HTML for readers to care. Direct democracy is great but it has problems. Even though I'm a technical user and early bitcoin adopter I still don't understand enough about the protocol itself to decide between the proposed solutions to transaction rate scaling. So I just end up running, and implicitly supporting, the core client from my distro's repositories. Then implement them in a way that allows for graceful fall back to just text, etc. They should've gone with hydrogen peroxide based monopropellant linear actuators. Unfortunately Canonical has stopped putting that time and effort into the desktop OS and is instead concentrating on mobile/tablet "convergence". Just wait until 16 is released and they switch over the desktop repos to their in house package system for phones: Snappy. That said, existing Ubuntu releases that still use Debian style packages are what I'd recommend (and what I use) too. I understand why they are going walled garden. Non-technical users cannot be trusted to control their browser. But Mozilla should know if they do this then I, a technical user, won't use their browser. I am not an extension developer but it's a rare month when I don't find myself popping open an .xpi to make changes to the JS and HTML for personal aesthetics; or bugs only I have. Temporarily loading extensions is not a solution. They say they'll be producing an "unbranded" non-walled garden version that for technical users but no such build has been revealed yet. And if they do make it the unbranded version won't be in my OS repos. This walled garden, the addition of Adobe EME/DRM, the bundling of "Pocket", and the incoming drop of XUL based extensions are too much. "Chrome did it." isn't an excuse. It makes it worse, actually. Developer edition is "Aurora". Aurora is alpha. Alphas have more bugs. It's not reasonable to tell me to use an alpha. Yes. When Firefox first announced their plans for the walled garden back near FF37/38 I did as everyone said and tried Aurora. It crashed on me twice in as many hours. I'm pretty hard on browsers since I typically have 200+ tabs loaded. That never happens with final release versions. Nope. I use Pale Moon. It's an actively developed full fork of Firefox. All my extensions work in it. It's more Firefox than Firefox these days. What's going to prevent malware authors from making a bunch of AMO accounts and signing their malware if it's so easy and automated? It's official. Aurora is explicitly alpha. When they bump the version number Nightly turns into Aurora turns into Beta turns into Release. Both this and the still to be delivered "Black-Swift" are minimal single board computers using the AR9331. It should be similar to the Black-Swift's power specs, "Power consumption: 120 mA typical (400 MHz CPU frequency, Wi-Fi enabled), 60 mA in energy-saving mode (200 MHz, Wi-Fi disabled), 300 mA max" This is at 5v so ~1.5w max. If you wanted to use even moderate power USB2 peripherals instead of the SD card reader you'd have to inject external 5v power. This is another terrible article citing studies from ancient history that confuse incentive salience (wanting) mediated by the dopamimergic systems with the mostly gabaergic pleasure (liking). Don't waste your time. The ideas proposed in this Huffington Post article have been known to be wrong for almost 40 years now. edit Apparently it's an excerpt from his 2011 book and he's a professor at a university. There's no excuse for him spreading this bullshit. If you're interested in the actual neuroscience of pleasure then check out the publications from Kent Berridge's lab: http://lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/Publicatio... Stick to the reviews if your neuroscience jargon is not strong. There's a few of them that are written for the laymen. This needs more electrostatic solar sails and fission fragment rockets. It was shown. It lasted for a bit less than a second. They are not running it longer right now because they cannot handle the thermal load. Thanks for this. It'll do for my router until a new firmware is out. I tried the above but --connbyte takes a range as input not a single value. Like, "512:8192" or "512:" for "greater than 512". In practice "512:" is interpreted as "512:4294967295". So it ends up looking like, iptables -t filter -A INPUT -p udp --sport 53 -m connbytes --connbytes 512: --connbytes-dir reply --connbytes-mode bytes -j DROP iptables -t filter -A INPUT -p tcp --sport 53 -m connbytes --connbytes 512: --connbytes-dir reply --connbytes-mode bytes -j DROP Opera hasn't been Opera since version 12. I think this is the tldr; When operations use the (Intel) CPU cache they complete detectably faster than when using system RAM. When OpenSSL performs an encryption/decryption (five squaring operations followed by one multiplication) it divides up which cache banks it uses by multiplier number. If an attacker on the same system has filled the CPU cache banks they can detect which section of the cache bank has been written to and how long it takes. That information and knowledge of the OpenSSL cache use obfuscation scheme give the attacker the multiplier numbers used for encryption. LE is okay but the 90 day limit puts me off. It's so much easier to do a self-signed for 10 years. The problem with self-signed certs isn't intrinsic to them, it's a problem with browsers scaremongering for the lowest common denominator. For my mail server which only I use, my websites which only technical people visit, etc, there's no reason to deal with the hassle of LE. >In order to successfully trigger the vulnerability, an attacker must be able to send a data message of more than 5.5 gigabytes to a victim Well, at least it's not trivial. The reprojection will necessarily introduce artifacts related to head movement in general. But particularly head movement in space rather than orientation. The PC HMD version of reprojection is called async timewarp. It only tracks and compensates for head orientation and not absolute position. The same will be true for PSVR's reprojection. https://developer.oculus.com/blog/asynchronous-timewarp-exam... More Rift than Vive applications have options to enable asynchronous timewarp but most applications on both sides don't bother. If you're using the cell phone network you're using a cell phone. Even if it's only providing network connectivity to your computer. My personal solution for using my laptop around town is to to use the 915 MHz ISM band for transverted wifi. Hills and valleys are a big problem but line of sight is not needed in terms of buildings or trees. At max I get about 3km range from my home station to my car at 50 Mb/s. At minimum a bad valley can cause the connection to drop within 300m of my home station. But generally it works around town. It'll obviously never work as well, or as far ranging, as the cell network. But it is private and it's nice not being tracked. As a user I can can explain. I was unhappy with Mozilla implementing a walled garden for their extensions. I am not an extension dev but it's a rare month where I don't pop open an xpi and edit something to my personal preferences. In a walled garden I can't do that. They are taking control of the browser away from me. Their choice to implement the W3C's disasterous digital rights managment technology in the form of EME was too much. At the very minimum including this DRM in the browser opens up any devs or researchers trying to port to other platforms/OS to legal liability and attack. Additionally Mozilla's choice to bake in bloatware like Pocket is very unpleasant. Basically every time I do a fresh install of Firefox I have to go through a long series of config to de-bullshit it (ref: https://gist.github.com/haasn/69e19fc2fe0e25f3cff5 ). Palemoon is more Firefox than Firefox these days. The changes are architectural but also ethical. I particularly don't like Firefox switching to a walled garden for extensions, adding digital rights management black boxes, baking in commercial software like Pocket, intending to abandon XUL for better security of non-technical users. But there's also much more ( https://gist.github.com/haasn/69e19fc2fe0e25f3cff5 ). Your implication that he's calling it a unique new browser is either intentionally disengenous or confused. A "browser product" is a product made from an existing browser: Firefox. There's nothing in the linked post that presents it how you do. Pale Moon's fork fixes some important ethical (and aesthetic) issues I have with Firefox's current direction. I'm glad that both (and icecat, iceweasel, etc) can coexist because they're open source. Re-forking from a later version seems reasonable to me since not that many people think the above issues are important. As the post said, there aren't enough contributors to keep up with the evolving web. Re-baseing from an acceptable later Firefox version would give me another few years of breathing room. The only part of this I don't agree with is the existing Firefox extension ecosystem not being compatible with the new Pale Moon. But I guess as Firefox abandons them the value of the old ecosystem dimishes. Not being able to install or edit my own extensions without Mozilla's approval is not a light increment in control. It crosses a very distinct line. Using an alpha (developer) or unstable nightly is not a reasonable alternative. Now if they actually produce the unbranded version of Firefox like they keep saying they will it'll be a start. In case anyone is wondering there are 540 images before it loops back to the first image. http://www.ospo.noaa.gov/data/sst/anomaly/2016/anomnight.3.2... - Here's relevant ocean temperature anomaly map. Predict away. This is not a desktop application. The browser chrome, which is required, is a desktop application. This is a browser extension. Not worth the time. Use Retroshare instead. An interesting partial survey but I'm confused. If it's going to include future tech like anti-matter and fusion I'm really surprised they'd leave out currently feasible propulsion systems like electrostatic sails or fission fragment rocket engines. And ultra dense deuterium? That's not even verified peer-reviewed science. That's fringe. You don't need to be convicted or even charged with a crime for police or the feds to steal all of your computer equipment and never return it. They're doing it without high price rare earth magnets. Wind generators and some aspects of solar cells use rare earth metals. The big advance of this particular company is not using rare earth magnets. I agree but that's a bad example. Macs are notoriously expensive for the performance they deliver. What browsers don't allow people to visit a site, or use certain features, without HTTPS? I've never run into such an issue but I only use Firefox forks these days. I agree with the problems of LetsEncrypt and other CA though. That's why I run all my sites on self signed certs. I don't need to prove my site's identity securely. I just need to put in a speed bump against easy sniffing. If they can't see through the browser scaremongering my websites are probably not going to be useful to them. If it's too much of a hassle hopefully they'll reconsider their browser choice. I am the change I want to see. It just saves me the hassle of intentionally blocking bad browsers. Even if I could get over it using Chrome as it's runtime environment requiring a phone number is a deal breaker. Stop using/requiring phone system in internet based instant messengers. He's doing great and useful work, there's no doubt. But requiring a phone number for an internet instant messenger is still a deal breaker even with Chromium as an alternative. It's really frustrating how much the web, software, and computers in general are being gimped for everyone just to support the "mobile" segment of the market. If my ISP's support agent knew what peering was I'd try to wake up because I'd know I was dreaming. Does this require a phone number like the rest of Open Whisper Systems products? I use Pale Moon, a firefox fork. I currently have ~200 tabs loaded (in a session with ~500 tabs) and it's only using 2.7 GB of RAM. > ... even though fairly close to Gecko-based browsers like Mozilla Firefox in the way it works, is based on a different layout engine and offers a different set of features. It aims to provide close adherence to official web standards and specifications in its implementation (with minimal compromise), and purposefully excludes a number of features to strike a balance between general use, performance, and technical advancements on the Web. Sexual misconduct claims seem to be the go-to for attacking providers of technological solutions to censorship. Oh boy. A blank, black webpage. Tab closed. > ... if LTE and Wi-Fi networks are forced to share the same channel ... at worst degrade the Wi-Fi performance as if there were another Wi-Fi network sharing the channel. All Our Shared Spectrum Are Belong to Us [32c3] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cZxMg8shbA#t=1193 Unfortunately that's not true in implementation because LTE-U doesn't know or care about the wifi channel announce timings. By piping up whenever it wants to wifi throughput actually degrades more than 70% at minimum LTE-U duty cycle spec (50%) and up to almost completely, ~99% reduction, at max allowed LTE-U duty cycle (90%) spec. No matter what they say this is a spectrum grab and LTE-U will degrade 5 GHz wifi to the point of being unusable. Well, Tribes was released in 1998. The best part of POWER8 is the ability to flash and verify the CPU firmware using a completely open toolchain. All modern Intel and AMD processors have secret sauce signed firmware (that can even access and use the network). You can't ever be sure what is running on them internally. POWER8 is a secure architecture even in the case of an NSA targeted hardware intercept during shipping. You can just reflash with known/verified good firmware when you get it. The available software to do the automatic 90 day cert renewals don't work on anything but the latest operating systems. Go back a handful of years and they just crap out. Sure. And the tooling only exists pre-made for modern operating systems. If you run anything even a handful of years old there's no support and you have to do it by hand. It's neat to see some of my tor domains show up in https://github.com/automatingosint/osint_public/blob/master/... . There's even the unicode art I put in my http headers in the resulting json entry. Session files of tabs are also better than bookmarks since they save per-tab history so you can see how you arrived somewhere. The per-tab process switch is bad for users like us (I have 300+ tabs right now) but what is even worse in FF48 is the implementation of a walled garden for extensions. Bookmarks don't save the per-tab history. With tab sessions you can go back and see what search terms and sites you used to get somewhere. Nope. I bought an HTC Vive because Valve promised linux support. It's 5+ months since release and there's still not even a hint that they're working on it. It was a huge mistake to buy hardware based on promises of software support. In a cashless society all transactions are controlled and monitored by third parties. There is no potential for individual volition except at the whim of those controlling the systems. Cryptocurrencies will mitigate this slightly but the loss of cash is going to be a huge blow to the individual. Try donating to wikileaks with a credit card. Try buying porn with paypal. Your strawman of sudden total control is silly. This frog will be boiled slowly. Install a neutered pirate version instead of using your license. rtl_power frequency hops at about 80 MHz/s max. You can use https://github.com/xmikos/qspectrumanalyzer or many other rtl_power frontends to see it in real time as you point the antenna. For windows there's https://github.com/pavels/spektrum Another approach seen on hackernews in the past had an omnidirectional antenna and used GPS tagging to make heatplots at different frequencies overlayed on a map. ref: http://www.tautology2.net/heatmap/ It uses the http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner software. In the medium term a 22 GHz radio interferometer using the sun as a gravitational lens would be able to resolve 80 km diameter water clouds on Proxima b. This talk by the inventor of the concept for SETI purposes explains it pretty well: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObvKVe5H8pc The real trick is getting out 600 AU to the gravitational focal line for the light opposite proxima centuari and staying with ~10m of it via station keeping. The only medium term solution to get out there in under 20 years are electrostatic solar sails. See Bruce Wiegmann of NASA Marshall Space Flight Center's talk from yesterday on the Heliopause Electrostatic Rapid Transit System. http://livestream.com/viewnow/NIAC2016/videos/133764483 Static site? Self host from home. Comcast changes my IP about once per year. I notice within a half day or so and manually update the A and AAAA records for my dot com, publish an update for namecoin domain, and my Tor address doesn't need updating. I've been self-hosting for almost two decades now with no problems. Reminds me more of Retroshare than data-agnostic anonymity networks like you named. Both Samizdat and Retroshare solve the public key encryption distribution problems then provide p2p services with a single client. Try out the Pale Moon firefox forks. I'm running it on an old core2duo 6400 (2.13 GHz) with 8 GB ram. I have over 700 tabs in my session right now with at least 300 of them fully loaded. It's using less than 3GB ram. And it's fast/snappy with smooth scrolling. Apparently no javascript means no text these days. It is obviously done intentionally. It is not like blocks of text require javascript to render. I'd shame bloomberg but the frog is well and boiled now; everyone just accepts that without JS websites aren't going to show you anything. And that is a damn shame. Except for Mozilla's policy of trying to making Firefox race Chrome to be the best browser for the lowest common denominator. You can't even edit your addons in Firefox anymore. They have to be signed by Mozilla. > And using an unmaintained addon is dangerous. And this is the kind of thinking I'm talking about. Firefore/Chrome/etc are all about protecting tech ignorants from themselves rather than allowing adept users to do what they want. Signal requires you to use your phone number. Am I the only one that believes that the kind of non-preferential routing and anonymity that the current exchange setups provide is a benefit? In terms of society as a whole this far outweighs the downsides of DoS attacks using IP spoofing. "Solving" the "problem" of ip spoofing is only a benefit for centralized authorities and services. The loss of privacy is also serious. People advancing this idea are advancing it to better their commercial interests rather than the interests of individuals using the 'net. I'm not saying IP spoofing is useful for many real tasks. I'm saying the solution proposed in the article will end up being abused and worse than the problems it solves. It's one more step to an internet where commercial traffic is prioritized over actual users at all steps along the path. Slack isn't an IRC replacement. It's business trying to embrace, extend, and extinguish the IRC protocol so they can capture the business market that uses IRC and collect rent. Compatibility with a real protocol, IRC, instead of just a marginal bridge. Mattermost will still splinter communities. I don't know about you but I have all of those things simply by leaving my bog standard IRC client connected to the networks. IRC is not a limited protocol. What is happening is that people are using limited computers and networks (smart phones) that aren't capable of the same thing a 1990s computer was. > video, audio, screen sharing You know what else IRC can't do? Be a version control system. And it can't be a webserver, or do GPU accelerated machine learning, or act as a spreadsheet. As for "First class support" I'd argue that those kind of things make for a less flexible chat system. It's like having a strongly typed classes instead of everything as strings; like Powershell vs a unix shell. REST API? Ah yes, in 2016 everything needs to be HTTP, I forgot. It's funny that all the examples previews use CodePen and, >Codepen requires JavaScript to render the code and preview areas in this view. It is a terrible idea. No matter their popularity phones have tiny screens and limited, slow input methods compared to desktop PCs. And mobile OSes have to be provided with special workarounds to deal with the absolutely terrible mobile IP networking that cannot even keep a TCP session open reliably. Convergence to a user interface that provides the crutches for these limits of mobile platforms neccessarily gimps the desktop UI too. Running a web server on your home machine is the best way to be part of the internet rather than a consumer of services provided by corporations over the internet. It does sound like he needs a better QoS or bandwidth limiting mechanism though. Push is a crutch for mobile platforms with gimped network access. It's a shame that browsers are bending over backwards to support these disabled platforms and making the experience worse for real computers because of it. The c2 wiki doesn't even have text anymore. It's completely javascript and without JS enabled you can't see anything but a loading spinner. It's sad to see such an accessible website fall so low. It also won't display any text at all unless you run their javascript. Pale Moon. I imagine he actually meant that Firefox/Chrome/etc are prioritizing a different demographic of users now than they used to. Both are becoming more of an OS in which you run web "apps" rather than just a browser to display and read webpages. Web apps need a consistent base set of features that may not exist on all OS platforms. By providing it internally they signal who and what the browsers are designed for. Other people might consider these features bloat. To answer his legitimate question: try Pale Moon. It's a browser that respects your freedom and does not include bloat. I don't care about the politics of this move but this is why I have never, and will never, use third party platforms to communicate. Centralization always leads to abuse. Anyone have a link to the story that doesn't send you to a nag page if you have javascript turned off? I think you're forgetting the other, more important, aspect of this change. It gives enforcers of the government the legal ability to get 1 generic warrant and then hack tens of thousands of people with that one warrant just because they are using network protocols that make them anonymous. http://archive.is/i2uno - If you received "The website encountered an unexpected error. Please try again later." instead of the article here's a mirror that can be viewed without running javascript from brightcove and newrelic tracking domains. As more and more ISP implement data caps and prioritize only some traffic mesh nets and other p2p software will soon become infeasible for most users. Already with Comcast putting a 1 TB cap on my data (up+down) I'm feeling the pressure to shut down my Bitcoin full node and I've stopped contributing bandwidth to I2P. IRC is for people who participate in the internet. For them it isn't hard to host their own website or just use any of the innumberable image/video/whatever hosts and paste a link. Discord is for tech ignorant people who consume things pushed to them by companies over the internet. Bundling up everything into a centralized, proprietary package will go bad for the consumers eventually. But for now they'll trade away their freedom for convenience and enjoy it. I run a similar number of tabs in Pale Moon (browser) with slightly better performance. But most of this is because I make a choice not to use shitty website that are written in javascript instead of html. More importantly, the headline should read: "Police use high time resolution data from modern water meter against man charged with murder." Basically this Abstruse Goose comic, http://abstrusegoose.com/553 , about the dangers of utility data logging have come true. The greater the time resolution of such things the more can be inferred. Such high resolution is completely uneeded and complex in order to just charge for usage. The new wireless meters could simply send daily lump sums and still be wireless and easy. But instead they abuse the functionality in order to intrude on the lives of everyone. How do you feel about bringing back "Best viewed in Internet Explorer" for modern times? tldr; some labs adopt a proprietary communication and content management system (instead of using existing open protocols) because they don't have the technical support, or time, to do it right. In the short term this increases productivity but in the long term the lock-in will constrain. Good, more alternatives. I use shadowsocks-libev version written in c, https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-libev . But I can see how this might be nice. That'd just add more uncontrolled variables. What they need to do is stop assuming they can disassociate effects from a superposition with a trend fitted by eye. This is about equivalent to saying, "I've stopped beating my wife." only almost everyone beats their wife in the scenario. It's not that you've done good. You've just stopped being bad. Why does your personal website need sponsorship at all? Why should people pay you for it? This commercial mindset is very weird to me. Nope. In space there would be even more thermal effects (due to varying amounts of sunlight). Then there's also photon pressure, uncontrolled outgassing, the variable ram pressure of the upper atmosphere due to it's changing height with the EUV output of the sun. As of right now the claimed effect is smaller than the thermal effects even in the lab. You put it in space and it'd be impossible to untangle the tiny real effect, if it exists, from all the other forces superimposed upon it that are much larger and literally impossible to predict the time variation of. So we should applaud pro dancers when they announce on a public forum that they're no longer selling your dance-viewing habits to marketers? Like I said, it's not good. It's just less bad. This is attention seeking for commercial reasons. After looking around a bit it's clear this is not a personal website. It's a promotional commercial website for this guy's workshop and speaking business that uses the 'blog' format for some of the content. I'm not denying the effort or the quality content in some of his posts. I just see no reason at all to celebrate him here. If there were any DA with integrity they'd drag the agents involved in this to a grand jury to get the evidence and code, then indict them put them on trial as the criminals they are. But it won't happen because no DA would ever go prosecute anyone from the FBI unless the orders came from some politically powerful source. Too much risk to their career and of backlash. Yep. The author, Appelbaum, is no longer with Tor after falling victim to one of the many successful culture-based attacks on privacy and free software groups in 2015/2016. If you want that you can use the Pale Moon browser. It's a very fast, non-bloated, fork of Firefox that has significantly diverged from FF. See https://www.palemoon.org/technical.shtml for details and in particular why they don't support WebRTC. At that point you should basically only be using the hardened tor browser based off (currently) Firefox 38. https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-browser-65a6-hardened-r... Sounds like your a bit behind that times. Pale Moon 27 is a rebase from FF 38 which has WebRTC. I'm not sure why we should trust your claims, already shown misinformed, when the developer's page states something else. The PM community is basically in consensus in not wanting WebRTC. As for external PDF readers I'd argue that avoiding the push for integrating or redeveloping more and more external applications into a browser is very sane. Again with the FUD? I've witnessed the last couple big 0-day discovered by the Tor people were patched in Pale Moon before Mozilla pushed out theirs for Firefox. edit : I'd reply to your response below normally but apparently I don't get to reply to any comments on HN anymore. The reply button has disappeared. When I log out of my 5 year old/458 karma account it's back. I guess my opinion isn't wanted here. You have a good point there. I bet a least a couple of those are present. But you've also completely missed my point. When looking through the FF known vuln list the vast majority are for things like WebRTC, WebGl, and other attack surfaces that Pale Moon intentionally avoids. Bitbucket has been taken down but someone made a torrent/magnet of opera12v15presto.tar.gz, magnet:?xt=urn:btih:C34ZPHM4A27XDGR5QYMZHPIBNYJ5A6EAC34ZPHM4A27XDGR5QYMZHPIBNYJ5A6EA Finding an arbitrary 8 character onion with scallion is easy even on a video card from 2009 (ATI 5770). You don't need fancy hardware for this. That said you could use an Amazon GPU instance for a handful of cents an hour and run scallion there. Cloudflare is doing this AMP crap too. If a cloudflare user enables AMP on his site then links from their domain to yours will trigger a visit of Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; Cloudflare-AMP/1.0; + https://amp.cloudflare.com/bot ) AppleWebKit/534.34" which then mirrors the content from your domain and re-hosts it on Cloudflare servers. Then whenever someone goes to the Cloudflare user's website and clicks a link to your website they'll instead be fed a version of the page from Cloudflare and you'll never see that traffic. And since you (or me, in this case) don't have a Cloudflare account you can't get any response from Cloudflare support to get them to stop re-hosting and serving your content from their servers. It's not even that I was using unsigned extensions before I switched to Pale Moon. It's more that I was tweaking a good portion of the extensions I did use by popping open the xpi if required, changing a bit, then loading again. Firefox's decision completely prevented that. I wasn't going to ask Mozilla for permission (every time!) to tweak. And beyond that Pale Moon's exclusion of bloat technologies (webgl, websockets, etc, etc) and performance for >>tabs sessions just fits my use case better. Developer edition is an alpha. I don't use unstable versions of browsers for my daily driver. Yep. And if you don't like it they (Google/Mozilla) tell you to use the developer's version. As if using an alpha was an acceptable option. > Extension signing is not forced though, can be toggled from about:config. Unfortunately that is no longer true. Their argument was that users could be tricked to disable it, or run extensions that disable it. So to cater to the lowest common denominator user they completely removed the option for all users of Firefox. The alternatives are the non-Firefox (unbranded) Firefox builds or using an alpha version of Firefox (developer version). Everyone misses weatherspark. It's been a year since they went down and there's still no replacement for their historical weather viewer. I know they decided to stop because their flash based API for the radar map was depreciated but even just the historical and predicted line plots of weather data I'd pay money for. Ventusky is no weatherspark replacement and I don't think the models they're drawing their data from would work for one. I received the same sort of self contradicting response from Cloudflare. Their AMP bot mirrors and rehosts any pages one of their subscribers with AMP enabled links to. And their FAQ is so badly written it seems like english may have been their second language: https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/11500063530... >Will Accelerated Mobile Links if the AMP links are pointing to content publishers who are not part of Cloudflare customers? >Yes. Only the discovery site (the website that has the links to AMP content) needs to be a Cloudflare customer. When I saw their AMP-bot in my server logs I emailed them about this. 2 weeks later I finally managed to talk to a human. That was about 4 days ago and they still haven't responded. If you're not a Cloudflare customer they don't care that they're re-hosting and serving your content. Yeah. After I saw the bot I added it to my robots.txt and I blocked all of Cloudflare's IP ranges to the server. But the bot had already come and gone. And the email I'm waiting back on from Cloudflare is about what to put in the robots.txt since it's not on the FAQ page. As of right now I'm trying, User-agent: Cloudflare-AMP Disallow: / Nothing exists in total vacuum. Check out early 20th century Russian cosmism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_cosmism >The Earth is the Cradle of the Mind—but one cannot eternally live in a cradle. And the 5 GHz ISM (wifi) band is being infiltrated by LTE-U from telcos. This is despite the fact that it causes loss of 80%+ of channel capacity when sharing with wifi. The telcos are doing everything they can to wipe out public wireless connectivity. It's worthless? So why are telcos are forcing their LTE-U into it then? It doesn't propagate very far? So how come it interferes with weather turbulence sensing and DFS exists? You basically refuted yourself. As for why not? That was the entire point of my comment: because it radically reduces the channel capacity of existing public wifi systems due to them sensing it and shutting off to not interfere. Paid telco LTE-U with it's proxied to uselessness "internet" without any control or ports is no replacement. It's deployment hurts us all and the only good it does is create more profit for telcos. They're requesting to run commercial services on public spectrum. As for directional antenna, the antenna doesn't effect propagation, which is a function of wavelength, which is what we were discussing. Obviously having more of the signal directed in one direction mitigates the marginal propagation at higher frequencies. But a sector antenna isn't exactly omni and down-tilt to limit cell horizon is still going to include lots of people and buildings. Your scarecrow argument about webserver on a phone as the only reason for having a real connection is either laughable or intentionally disengenuous. There are a million other reasons from privacy to p2p and beyond. And lets not forget that all wireless telcos have absurdly low data caps; that's the primary reason most people switch to wifi instead of staying on their LTE connection. Well, you've stated the solution. Don't have a gmail account. Don't have a facebook account. Don't use centralized services. It's not that hard once you start. All of your arguments in this thread have been assuming that what is best for mobile users is the only aspect that matters. The 5 GHz ISM spectrum, for wifi or otherwise, is used by people at home more often then while traveling. Mobile is not the only thing that matters. I have seen paid wifi hotspots. Luckily they don't absolutely destroy the wifi thoroughput like LTE-U does so I don't mind. Have you ever seen a free LTE service? A real world example is my use of the Retroshare (application) for encrypted communcations. It uses the DHT network to bootstrap and requires accessible ports as do many other completely legit protocols. Not using centralized services to communicate takes lots of bandwidth and it takes real internet access, ports and all. It sounds like you picked bad wifi equipment for your home network. Here's a mirror that works with javascript turned off: http://archive.is/nE8xx Says the guy who choses to use a centralized Medium web service to host his words. Unfortunately this will not work. That isn't to say that the construction, placement, and powering of an artificial magnetosphere at Mars-Sun L1 is infeasible. It can totally be done with today's tech and modest meter scale superconducting rings. Mini-Magnetospheric Plasma Propulsion (M2P2): High Speed Propulsion Sailing the Solar Wind ( http://earthweb.ess.washington.edu/space/M2P2/STAIF2000.PDF ) probably represents the core concept. Except instead of trying to go somewhere you stay where you are. The M2P2 paper says a 10cm diameter superconducting coil can divert solar wind in a bubble up to 20 km in diameter. It wouldn't take too much to scale that up. Of course diverting that much solar wind would create a force on the object. In the paper above that force is used to accelerate a craft. It'd be some handful of newtons at 20 km and linearly more to do what this project wants. One way you might get around that is to "lean into" the wind by going down the sun-side of the L1 halo orbit and allowing the force from the diverted solar wind to counter the sun's gravity's acceleration. But for the vast majority of the lost Mar's atmosphere the kinetic energy needed to achieve escape velocity is not from impact with solar wind ions or other solar wind related/magnetic field means. All those hereafter referenced under the umbrella term "jeans escape". Instead the majority of the kinetic energy needed comes from the ejected electrons from the sun's light ionizing the upper atmosphere. That ejected electron has quite a bit and it is distributed to the ions it later interacts with and as those ions interact with others. If there was no solar wind at all the rate of atmospheric loss at Mars would drop but not significantly if the sun still shone upon it. That isn't to say that, having no magnetosphere, Mars (or Venus) does not lose an additional small amount of it's atmosphere to jeans escape mechanisms. But that amount is limited due to the currents created in the upper atmosphere by photoionization creating their own local magnetic field. That creates a bow shock about the ionopause which slows the incoming solar wind down such that it's constituent ions no longer have the energy needed to deliver the boost required for escape. And because of the induced magnetic field other solar wind magnetic field based mechanisms which would pick-up the ions ionized by the sun's light are mitigated. I love the idea of this but it isn't going to make Mars have a decent atmospheric pressure in just some years. On a (much) lighter note, I was thinking if you put these artificial magnetospheres all over the inner system and then coordinated turning them on and off you could "paint" the termination shock surface of the heliosphere with different scales of tubulence in charge density. It'd be a multi-hundred AU wide screen visible only from very far away with sensitive polarimeters (detecting the changes in lines of sight charge density through faraday rotation). Might be a decent way to METI since it'd not require much energy or high angular resolution at the other end. tldr : It's technically and economically feasible. But it doesn't work like suggested for atmospheric protection because almost all the mass loss is from light caused photoionization, not the solar wind (and other Jeans escape mechanisms). Yeah, I just think the concept is intrinsically cool which may be a bit of a http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-08-08 issue. Taking it even further (and more absurd) the interface between the heliosphere and the interstellar medium (ISM) lets in matter mostly along a curved path at the bow who's size and orientation is defined by the relative magnetic vector orientations of the heliosphere and the ISM. This was a recent discovery by the IBEX interstellar neutral atom monitor. If you could get the artificial magnetospheres to influence the magnetic field around the region in the bow where this happens (by controlling the magnetic field in the plasmoids your artificial magnetospheres sends off with the wind) you might be able to control the direction interstellar neutral atoms come in at. And that'd allow you to apply arbitrary (small) force to the entire heliosphere and control direction over very long time periods. But that's so back of the napkin I doubt it's actually feasible. Skip to 1:36:00 for the start, 1:40:00 for the actual details. https://livestream.com/viewnow/vision2050/videos/150701155 There's also this very short pdf release which has no interesting detail. http://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/V2050/pdf/8250.pdf You can though because the reason they don't want to go into the details is that it wasn't targeted hacking. You can't target individuals on privacy maintaining networks like tor, i2p, freenet, gnunet, etc. You have you hack very large groups of people indiscriminately. That's why the FBI made changes to their procedural rules at the start of this year saying they could hack anyone who obscures their point of origin. Now they can get a single warrant and hack millions of people with it and it's still "okay". To be clear: they weren't just hacking "suspected pedophiles". They were hacking a huge population of people then sorting through after. Just like an attack on yahoo. Put your blog on on .onion address on the tor network. I get far more traffic from within tor to my hidden service than the exact same copy of the site on run on the clear web. Probably a fifth or so based on watching logs when I kept them (I do not keep logs now for the hidden service). But even accounting for that I get more human traffic to the tor hidden service. The list of public, interesting, tor sites is low. So if you get your site included in any of the curated lists it funnels a ton of both bot and human traffic your way from curious explorers. Tor hidden service public websites are like how the web was in the mid 1990s. Web rings, curated lists and indexes, and people literally surfing the web. It's really refreshing and non-commercial. Unless all these fancy new text to speech engines are released as actual software instead of cloud services they're worthless. And we all know that isn't going to happen. And only the most recent, large scale, implementation of the concept. I recall these pixel wars pages being popular in the early 2000s. Back then you made perl scripts to automate it. Now they (r/place teams) use python. Not much has changed. And I don't know if the author of the ars piece was just ignoring them or not, but there were plenty of dongs and other typical vandalism throughout. There's actually strong evidence now that both short term and long term episodic memory and encoded at the same time (immediately) by separate systems, http://science.sciencemag.org/content/356/6333/73 It's just that, when things are working right, long term memory only becomes consciously accessible days later. If you believe accessing a URL manually, incrementing a number in a URL, or using wget is a hack, yes. At least you'd be in agreement with the US Dept. of Justice in that. The web is open. If you put your a chair out in a public square with a sign on that back that says, "Only paying members can sit." don't be surprised when someone random sits in it. Better at running Javascript "Apps" than rendering HTML. The UK's doing it, http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/05/04/uk_bulk_surveillance... I don't think the theoretical maximum is wrong. It's just that the ion implantation can't be scaled up, doesn't work for bulk materials, and results in only ~40% of the material in the desired Iron Nitride form which has that theoretical limit. This is pretty cool. I just wish these recent "improvements" to the archive.org site weren't also associated with a massive decrease in accessibility and usability. The switch to a javascript-rendered site frontend has made using the wayback machine pretty much inaccessible to all but the most modern and bloated of browsers. Emails to support about keeping the old site going at an alternate URL or fixing fall-back rendering/operation for no-JS have been met with silence. I guess I'm just not in the demographic archive.org is targeting now despite being a heavy user for more than a decade. It's not the backend guy's fault but it does mean lots of us won't benefit from any backend improvements. file.pizza requires WebRTC support so I can't use it. It won't work because ISP are slowly but steadily turning home internet connections to one way flows. It starts with data caps and ends with IPv4 exhaustion and every single account behind Carrier NAT. The type of internet where anyone could host and interact freely with other parts of the internet are already past. People just haven't realized it. It'll be Internet TV. As someone that switched to Pale Moon (FF fork) because of the loss of large tab session performance in post-v30 builds this is great to hear. Now all they have to do is kill the walled garden and Firefox might be worth trying again. Cloudflare's AMP cache is even worse. If someone goes to a website behind/rehosted on Cloudflares AMP that has a link from that site to a third party site (say, yours or mine) that third party site will be spidered and also rehosted on Cloudflare AMP. Then when someone goes to the intentionally Cloudflare AMP site and clicks through to your site your actual domain never gets the hit. Instead all traffic remains within Cloudflare and you never see it. Additionally, after 2 months of trying to contact anyone at Cloudflare about this exact situation happening with the most popular page on my domain (saw the cloudflare AMP bot in the logs) I still can't get a real person. Their support is attrocious. If you're looking for more weird aircraft try https://www.reddit.com/r/WeirdWings/top/ Are you trying to tell us something https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=chenster ? I can't figure out what it is. Something about social media... > Pournelle claims that he heard at a science fiction convention that you (chris) had said that the real reason his account was flushed was that ``he (pournelle) is a fascist.'' Given the current political climate, this could raise some sort of ruckus, so it would probably be good to nip this in the bud. Nice to know the internet hasn't changed that much. I run two ubiquiti nanostation M900 at home on a 10m pole and in my car through the sunroof for a mobile data link. Both use custom made omnidirectional antenna. Because my area is very hilly it's super intermittent but when it does work it's fast. The ethernet bridge in the car is shared to devices with either ethernet to the switch or 2.4GHz wifi with a tiny openwrt router. As with all VHF and higher data comms what matters most is antenna height and line of sight. I can get 3km fine up on a big hill or lose signal only 300m away from home in other directions. It's no more hijacking CPU than the new normal 'web app'-style of webdesign that can't even render text without JS. This seems like an excellent way to monetize popular websites in a minimal impact way. And best of all since it's mining Monero all the transactions will be private. The important issue here is what exactly do they mean by Fast 5G. In many cases what they mean is femtocells using the very same frequency range as existing consumer wifi routers. The instant one of these femtocells starts operating around wifi the routers in the area will drop thoroughput drastically (ie, 80%+) due to their channel usage sensing. Lets be clear: this is attempt to use capture and use public spectrum by pushing things like home/building wifi out and forcing everything through centralized telecom. No more than the existing trend of 'web app' entirely Javascript rendered websites. My solution to both is very simple: I run JS only from white-listed domains. Sure this breaks many sites but, well, fuck those sites. It's a big change. Telco-provided wireless internet connections are not actually real internet connections. Half the time you don't even get a real routable IP address and nearly 100% of the time you don't get ports or even the ability to forward them. And that's not even mentioning the horrible data transfer limits and traffic shaping. Whereas home connections are real, have real IPs, and have full ports that you control and generally have at least a few hundred GB of data transfer with no traffic shaping. Anyone have a mirror of this text that isn't behind a walled garden? This article tries to imply that the millimeter wave spectrum was somehow undervalued and that now it will perform magic. But it won't. It's all line of sight and it won't go through walls. So yeah, they'll fall back on to stealing the appropriately highly valued public spectrum. Eh, I appreciate it. After all, what worth is the thread without the content to discuss? Good to have it front and center. > all major platforms No IRC. >In my case, that quite rapidly exhausted my curiosity. I've been exploring the world of radio emissions with rtlsdr since 2013 ( http://superkuh.com/rtlsdr.html ) and I'm still finding plenty of new things to do. IMO, the newest cool stuff with rtlsdr are computational hacks to align multiple non-coherent receivers in time to do distributed direction finding and the like. This isn't really a political issue despite the linked articles stance or your response. What both say is true, but politics isn't the motivation. It's general gentrification and pushing away the potentially controversial in order to bring in more ad money. I personally noticed it first when all the machining channels that discussed homemade firearms were demonitized. The difference in this case is that the claims made by op's article are legally actionable under protected class laws. https://www.rtl-sdr.com/tracking-wildlife-with-tdoa-directio... See also, https://ptrkrysik.github.io/ Everything is a violation of the CFAA. It's just a matter of who it is rocking the boat. They could just as easily make a ToS that would make it a violation of the CFAA to disable the monero miner. I don't see any problem with crypto-miners on pages for revenue though. They're no more resource stealing or annoying that the typical JS 'web app' that pass for websites these days. Even worse, it's a walled garden. You can't edit or make your own extensions without getting each change approved by Mozilla first. They say to use the alpha(dev) or unbranded versions but the former is unstable and the later has no packaging or language support. > Not letting "normal" users accidentally install I strongly disagree. Browser functionality for everyone shouldn't be gimped to protect a small subset of users from themselves. >"is unstable" isn't a good reason to avoid it. I'm not holding a controversial opinion in thinking that alphas are generally buggy for significant subset of the userbase. I get that it might work fine for you but there's a reason aurora isn't release. Also, http://www.panoradio-sdr.de/tdoa-transmitter-localization-wi... No repository, anywhere, has unbranded Firefox packaged up and with updates. If you want to run it that means manually downloading it and changing system config by hand each time there's a patch or version increment. At my -10 diopter in both eyes there's no winning with multi-monitor setups. It's a trade-off between chromatic abberation, internal reflection, and edge distortion. All the high refractive index lens materials I have tried have terrible abbe number and so their chromatic abberation is so bad I can't even LCD text out of the corner of my eye; or read a license plate on a car to the front left of me. I don't even bother with high index anymore. But moderate refractive index (and decent abbe number) means my lenses are more than a centimeter thick at the edges. In addition to being heavy they are so thick that the nose pad arms don't fit. So the edges of the lenses have to be carved off. This leads to very bad internal reflections. I've tried exaggerated spherical curvature in order to minimize thickness while keeping a good lens material (high abbe) but that tends to distort (compressing) the image out of the sides the lenses and that leads to nausea. I wish there were companies out there that would make custom achromatic lens for eye glasses. Their internal reflections can't be worse than what I have now. Well, you're wrong. Developer is taking the place of aurora/alpha as the below quote from https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Firefox/Developer_Editio... shows, >Firefox Developer Edition replaces the Aurora channel in the Firefox Release Process. Like Aurora, features will land in the Developer Edition every six weeks, after they have stabilized in Nightly builds. I've tried contacts a few times but they're such an incredible hassle compared to glasses. And with my astigmatism the contacts have to be rotated correctly. When they get nudged off-axis (by blinking) the vision noticibly changes. I did go in for an assessment for laser eye surgery. Unfortunately there's just not enough cornea for them to fully fix my eyes. Since I do optical astronomy I didn't want to risk night vision rays just so I could wear a slightly smaller pair of glasses. By far the best is Simon Funk's "AfterLife". The mystery keeps you on the edge of your seat and the tech jargon and concepts are both detailed and correct which is a rare thing for any fiction. Also, Charles Stross - "Accelerando" Daniel Suarez" "Daemon" Kim Stanley Robinson - "Aurora" Tobias Buckell - "System Reset" Don't forget their switch to a walled garden for extensions in order to protect users from themselves. Asking people to use beta as a main driver is part of the reason why people think, >They seem to by trying hard to squander their reputation. The other part of it is Mozilla building the browser for the lowest common denominator at the price of user control. If I need to get Mozilla's approval before I can run code in the browser running on my machine then I see a wall. That they've automated it so much as to mitigate the protection a walled garden normally gives almost makes it worse. I feel the same way about 'modern' websites that are written as JS-only 'web apps'. >or use a Linux distro's packages: most of such firefox packages do not require signed extensions That's actually pretty cool. Can you give me an example distro that does that with Firefox (w/FF brandings)? You don't own a traditional domain. You are given temporary permission to use it. A tor onion address is something you can actually own. I agree. I'll JS whitelist the domain itself in good faith but when it's more than 4 CDN and framework domains deep, all loading each other in serially, I'm just going to close the tab. It's even worse when all they're trying to do is show simple text. Another solution is to leave javascript off by default and only whitelist. They could try not writing it in javascript and actually make a native application instead hiding behind semantics. The original poster was correct though. Just because you only need to do it once doesn't mean it isn't required. As a person without a smart phone I can't use it. Nor would I since it still requires a phone number to use. Gotta be the change you want to see. None of my hidden service .onion sites are anything "of interest". They're just electronics and radio hobby stuff like the web has always had. Put everything on Tor as a hidden service and eventually the stigma will go away. I agree. It was bad enough when I needed to whitelist a handful of google domains to run the JS needed to display simple text. But this page just flat out won't even begin to load. After switching to a 'modern' browser I was able to get to the simple text which I've mirrored here, https://pastebin.com/fFJsPc56 I don't know if it's one of my favorite books, but Daemon is really fun. Unlike a lot of scifi it doesn't shy away from getting deep into technical details. But unlike most writers he doesn't get tech concepts wrong or use jagon in awkward, non-standard ways. It's obvious that computer tech is is native to him. It doesn't count when you use a javascript to generate the html. Just look at a site like NASA.gov. Without JS enabled it's just a black, blank page. The web of the 90s is alive on .onion. It also doesn't work in the Firefox fork I use. But that's probably an even smaller market share. I noticed this when Mozilla recently resigned their add-ons site and starting using CSS Grid support sniffing to determine weather to show the real site or the gimped mobile site. As it is all browsers without CSS Grid are forced to use the mobile site. It's super annoying. IBM Bluemix's technicians are by far the most rude people I've ever encountered when using an online service I actually pay for. That alone was enough to drive me away. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism It's the american way. Don't forget other relatively new features like only being able to install add-ons approved and cryptographically signed by Mozilla unless you use the beta, the non-firefox branded version, or your distro has negotiated a deal with Mozilla to provide non-freedom infringing full versions in their repos (ie, debian, arch). Yup. My ancient nokia works for me. All it does is make voice calls, send/receive texts, and last for a week on a charge (when left on 24/7). I carry it turned off and turn it on if I really need to make a call or expect someone to contact me. It's funny that you say these things with such confidence when you're demonstrably wrong (ie, 3) by simply looking at the Pale Moon update logs and the 'Defense in Depth' "fixes" for vulnerabilities that don't exist in PM but do in FF which are changed anyway just to be sure. http://www.palemoon.org/releasenotes.shtml Well, 1 is your opinion so it's hard to change that. 2 is obvious and not really a problem. So the only thing you had was 3. And no, I mean demonstrably wrong. But you are right that all the useless attack surfaces that Firefox has (ie, WebGl, Websockets, Pocket, etc) aren't in Pale Moon. Luckily for PM it doesn't need to do as well or better than Firefox because it simply doesn't have all the excess "features". Ah, I finally get what you're saying. You're complaining that forks will have to support code that Mozilla no longer does. Yeah. That's the point of forks. That's the problem with centralization, walled gardens, and proprietary protocols. You won't ever have a problem if you just don't go into the gardens. Self-host with mumble, teamspeak, matrix, or something. They all use the same Opus voice codec so it's not a quality issue. Cell phone telco propviders have monopolies on radio spectrum that come with certain obligations, regulations, and conditions. That's in addition to inheriting the rules from land telephony and public infrastructure/title II stuff. You can bet that this kind of thing will happen if they can make it happen though. Right. When you save session files full of tabs you get the history of the tab (how you found it, what keywords, etc) in addition to the site itself. It's very useful. Okay. But the solution is to not involve the browser at all. It's there to browse. Once you find and download the file have it open in a real application designed for reading pdf. Try https://millionshort.com/ . I immediately closed the page after it became apparent that it was one of those vertical scroll, static background, JS-required monstrosities. Luckily for me you found direct links to the interesting content. Thanks. >download it, organize it but I wouldn't go through the pains of doing that for every pdf I lay my eyes upon. You don't have to do that. Just set your browser to open the file in a real application. It'll automagically download to some temp dir (ie, /tmp) and you won't have to care about file paths or organization at all (unless you want to). I have tens of research papers open in my tabs at all times. But for a good experience reading I open the full text in my pdf reader. That's because long distance at UHF and up requires clear line of sight. And that requires at least one end of your setup being up very high on towers or buildings. Height is the reason the cell phone network works. And height is the reason mesh networks don't. Height costs money. The drug war strikes again. I'm not going to visit that webpage to justify their authoritarian bullshit with ad or page views. This is just run of the mill propaganda. Of course bitcoin fills the gap for hate groups. Just like it does for independent journalists when the US state dept. puts pressure on Visa/Mastercard/etc to prevent donations (remember wikileaks). Cash isn't evil because criminals use it. And they use it because cash is useful. Bitcoin isn't evil because people with opinions you dislike use it. They use it because it's useful. Just like all the other people using bitcoin that make up the majority. Oh. So they're doing a witch hunt with plans for libel too? Sounds like a nice group of people. Swatting exists because it's common knowledge that US SWAT teams are effectively military death squads in terms of both behavior and equipment. This is only true if your prescription is run of the mill and fairly weak. Anything above 5 diopter off, or with barrel corrections, astigmatism, etc and you should go to an actual optometrist. Zenni and the like use terrible materials with bad abbe numbers leading to chromatic abberation. They push 'thin' but what thing really means is high refractive index and generally low abbe number. Even their 'normal' lens material has a bad abbe number. So, get your frames online cheap. Then take them to your actual optometrist and get lenses made of good materials put in. Citation needed? What subreddits? If you mean the tiny deepfakes subreddit I don't think anything there is involuntary. In case it isn't clear, this isn't leaked videos or celebrities doing actual porn. It's synthetic renders similar to their faces based on publically available material. The celebrities aren't actually involved in any way. It isn't even really photos of them. It's an abstract model. But surely you understood that? And in that case I don't get what you're saying. That's true. But it's not involuntary porn of them because it's not really them. It's easy to see how it is different than a leaked video of an actual person if you think about it. Unlike some authoritarian countries where people are jailed for using the public images of public figures in most of the world it's considered fair use or acceptable under parody. Especially if there's no money involved. In any case it's not even the images themselves being redistributed. It's only features derived from public source material used to create derivative works. >you have to assume it's a small mobile device and arrange items on a single axis. Is there really no other way to detect if it's desktop? It seems like screen aspect ratio would be easy. Mobile sites look terrible on desktop browsers if they work at all. The one I encounter all the time is Firefox's add-on site. Just because I don't have css-grid it forces mobile which makes things worse. I know people like myself are a tiny fraction of a tiny fraction of users but we exist. There are photos of my face on my self-hosted website linked in my profile. There aren't hundreds of photos though because I'm not a famous public figure who trades privacy for money. Bit of a difference. Good luck regardless and send me the results. There's no better time than now (Meltdown/Spectre) to switch to whitelist only JS (NoScript works). The menu/ads completely fail to display but the text is just fine. You don't need to whitelist HN. It works fine without it. It just involves reloads. Also, it really helps to only ever temporarily whitelist so exposure is minimized and you learn what you can get by with. Pretty easily. Just temp whitelist if it's really needed (ie, a bank or government website). Otherwise close the tab and avoid the waste of time that 'web app' sites represent. Not unless you're the one renting out the miners. User kofk, 2 submissions 0 comments. Both submissions point to cityfalcon.com. Well that's the exact opposite of what I'd personally like in terms of Thunderbird dev time spent. The UI is already perfect. It doesn't need to be re-made to fit smartphone aesthetics. Seems like Laporte has a solid case with lots of documentation. He'll need it facing twitter's legal army. As far as I understand it they are pumping the equivalent thermal energy as an actual operating core would produce into the reactor casing and assembly using a specially designed electrical insert that uses external power. This isn't a fission test. It's a mechanical engineering test. Still cool. Thanks for the correction and a link to [1] which gives actual information on the tests. This is great news. Or it would be if it stayed this way. It was this way for a while with extensions. You could install extensions you wanted freely. Then there was a config bit to make it so you could install extensions without Mozilla approval. Then they decided grandma was more important and completely removed the ability to install extensions not approved by Mozilla. The only way around it is to run a beta version or use the unpackaged unbranded versions manually. I wouldn't count on power user features remaining for long given Mozilla's current target demographic. I wouldn't know about Chrome. But I do know I've never had a problem with malware extensions. And I know I edit mine. So I know Firefox is no longer the browser to use. I get that Mozilla's response is, "Don't let the door hit you." But it can't pretend to still be for power users. First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. It also shows why Discord isn't such a good choice for most people. They're obviously susceptible to knee-jerk moves directed by their public relations department. Second, it's not actually a Discord server no matter how much they market it that way. Just like it's not a Facebook server. They just try to muddy the waters vs. real voice chat servers you can run yourself like mumble or teamspeak. People should move away from centralized services where you are the product like Discord and use real voice chat servers. Now there's no ethical issue at all. Cut the gordian knot. I run into this too. Because I have Comcast as an ISP and they engage in malicious man in the middle attacks on their users I use socks 5 proxies to remote VPS for all my browsing. That means I end up in IP blocks that get blocked by many services or presented with captchas. Additionally, both Cloudflare and Google are trying to set up caching services to prevent people from ever leaving their network in the form of AMP. Bill Beaty's site was and still is amazing. It sparked my interest (and lifelong hobby) in high voltage back in the late 90s. Some of his essays (and ascii) art explaining concepts like coherence ( http://amasci.com/miscon/coherenc.html ) still stick with me today. As for the electrostatic wall story... it's fun but I don't believe it. Luckily in the free world we don't need "rights" in order to do things. In third world countries people are often put in prison for photoshoping their leaders. Hopefully this trend towards that kind of authoritarianism doesn't continue in the west. I really, really hope not. That'd be the one sure way for me to stop using Thunderbird (like I have stopped using FF). There's a really simple solution that everyone is overlooking. Stop trying to make applications in browser and actually make applications that run native on an OS. And no, I don't mean running on some trimmed down JS engine. That paper refutes very little by using adult humans. Some facial expressions are universal among human cultures and even among primates, and yes, even among mammals. Liking and disliking facial reactions to sweet or bitter water are universal among mammals. https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/a511/cb9d06d0f77132cad2ba5f... And relevant to the topic of this post and the original article, human babies will in fact smile when given sweet tastes right after birth. Yup. Now all your client's data can be stolen at once and isn't protected from government intrusion due to third party doctorine and network problems cause application problems. All these things that make it worse for the end user and more. But it's easy for devs so none of it matters. Anything and everything AMP is the opposite of "the open web". You gotta be the change you want to see. Start putting every site you register/lease a domain for on the clear web also on the tor network with it's own onion address that you really own. I do it and now I get plenty of good traffic (along with all the bots/scans) over Tor to my technical hobby (radio) sites. It's a better system that doesn't require you to trust the DNS companies to stand up to political/business/other pressure. Even for things that use 5v USB explicitly I try not to use USB power. Instead I use a linear regulator to drop down the voltage to it instead of the noisy/efficient switching power supplies in USB power units. I put a big H1 link with the tor address on my domain index pages. They also ban people who talk about video game cheats. I can justify your guilt. There are still many browsers and many users using them that do not support CSS Grid. It's a cutting edge feature. Please don't force us to mobile sites (I'm looking at you Mozilla/FF extension site) or just fail to have a fallback entirely. The problem with AMP is centralization. The problem with centralization is deciding who gets to talk about what subjects. Centralization provides perverse incentives to restrict this. That email operates as a significantly decentralized, federated set of privately run servers cuts the gordian knot of having to decide what is allowed. AMP is a step backwards for everyone in order to make up for the terrible performance of mobile networks and smart phones. Do you really believe that? They can't even hold a TCP connection open without running out of battery or terrible latency. And $diety forbid trying to host or use ports. The bury the real interaction (mediated via the mass in atoms not photon-photon) but the paragraph is in there, >If another photon is simultaneously traveling through the cloud, it can also spend some time on a rubidium atom, forming a polariton — a hybrid that is part photon, part atom. Then two polaritons can interact with each other via their atomic component. At the edge of the cloud, the atoms remain where they are, while the photons exit, still bound together. The researchers found that this same phenomenon can occur with three photons, forming an even stronger bond than the interactions between two photons. I mean, sure. But it doesn't mean that fear is valid or something to write an article about. There's no danger and amazon isn't doing anything wrong. It bet it does drive a nice amount of traffic to the bostonglobe site to write about it though. It has everything to do with it. Mobile phones have special needs due to their lack of energy and lack of a real network connection. Sure, they can be powerful... for a dozen minutes before thermal throttling and draining the battery. Sure they can stream video like a good consumer but you can't do anything productive on them. You can't even really run a decent NoScript interactively or related due to the lack of a decent UI. So, AMP. They're really quite shitty computers but luckily there are so many users that tech companies are figuratively bending over backward to make up for their performance problems. Upvoting this is just not enough. This is the worst aspect of the web currently. Even NASA.gov is just a blank black page without JS enabled. It's completely unecessary and sacrifices accessibility for ease of development. Websites are at least supposedly are sandboxed so they are not as much of a risk as running native binaries. But this is getting worse and worse though as browsers expose more and more of their host operating system's functionality. The benefits of using a website instead of a native app are quickly disappearing, while the drawbacks have only been somewhat mitigated. We're getting to the point where browsers are worthy of the decades old criticism Emacs has received. They have eventually become an OS with many fine features - simply lacking a good web browser. For the privacy conscious user, modern web technologies will undermine you every step of the way, or simply break if you choose to stand your ground. Used or super cheap (obsolete) android phones connected via wifi is probably that cheapest you'll get. Nope. Phones aren't too expensive. They're cheap. Portable computers that also function as status symbols and phones are pretty expensive though. " In 2017 Wonderful needed about 76,000 honeybee colonies to pollinate its almonds (at two colonies per acre). But that number will diminish by 320 this spring because Wardell will put 128,000 female BOBs into the orchards—the largest deployment ever. " So 128000 BOBs equals the pollinating effectiveness of 320 honeybees? That's a 400:1 honeybee/BOB ratio. Or perhaps they're just using really high margins because it's so experimental. The most important difference is that that HackRF has a huge ecosystem of established software now than it's been a handful of years since the kickstarter. With crowdfunded SDR devices expect a 1.5-3 year lag between hardware release and the software/firmware being there to do what it advertises. This is actually a step backwards in accessibility. The phys.org article could be read with any browser, text to speech, or sight assistance tools. But the NASA.gov page is just a blank, black screen until you turn on javascript and it renders the text in. This is both racist and illegal regardless of the point he's trying to make. And even beyond that, ultrasound interference to produce restricted audio volumes has been commercialized and used in places like museums for decades. RIP Slack. You followed the Microsoft strategy all the way to the end. Embrace, extend... but this extinguish will only be of Slack itself. >Let's take a deep breath and discuss why such large DDoS attacks are even possible on the modern internet. Because all traffic is treated at face value and not deep filtered and throttled according to some company's whims. Cloudflare wants to change this. Cloudflare wants centralization. Cloudflare wants blacklists. This is why half of the blame lies with Microsoft for following the rest of the industry into making software for grandma's protection at the detriment of software freedoms. An enterprising user can turn off these driver signing enforcement settings but it's quite a song and dance and first you have to even be aware of it. I know that Mozilla is not a single group and actually heterogenous but this talk doesn't ring very true to me when the Firefox add-ons site uses CSS Grid and when it detects you don't have it it shunts you to the mobile site which looks and works terribly (hiding things) on a real desktop computer monitor. Firefox is open source. There are lots of Firefox forks. Right now there are more add-ons that work in the Firefox forks then there are add-ons that work in modern Firefox. I'm sure. There are lots of us that don't use major browsers. I discussed it on IRC with some of the dev's from the Firefox fork I use. It was detecting CSS Grid and if not shunting to the mobile site. This was about half a year ago. Not with the amount of new attack surfaces that Mozilla is cramming into Firefox lately. Indeed that fork does. But due to them respecting the intellectual property of the extension devs they can't just willy nilly copy everything over. They have been contacting authors and trying to do it on a case by case basis for a lot of them. No. I should. I care about browsing, not about running web apps. Modern browsers are just attempts to re-create the entire OS within a JS engine. Well, it's not a priority for them. Pick a browser that prioritizes performance for web browsing instead of running JS web apps. Being someone who choses to take offense and get upset about every little thing is their problem. Not everyone elses. Since I host my own website this is really easy. Here's how I did it in 2006, tailbeep -f /var/log/thttpd.log -t /dev/tty1 -F 3000 -M 100 -s GET But it's obvious how to adapt this to my modern nginx setup. You can get tailbeep at https://soomka.com/tailbeep What does the word "toxic" mean to you in this context specifically? There are so many takes... It has reached that point. I'm moving to voat. You have to be the change you want to see. I have no problem with other people holding views which I think are disgusting. The only thing I have a problem with is censorship. H. L. Mencken quote is applicable here, "The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one's time defending scoundrels. For it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed, and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all." edit , The one thing I'm finding I really don't like about Voat is that it requires whitelisting Javascript from google domains in order to be able to post. This is compensated for by Russia's implementation of fractional orbital bombardment systems that bypass radar detection. Also ironic given that Mozilla continues to violate software freedoms by removing control from the very users they pay lip service to protecting. Until they go back on requiring their own cryptographic signature on all add-ons and the Facebook style walled garden this creates these PR moves will fall flat. And before anyone says, Yes, you can use developer version but that's a beta (yes, it is). Using a beta as your daily driver shouldn't be a thing. Yes, you can use the unbranded not-Firefox version. But now you have to install it manually (not in any distro's repository) and keep it up to date manually. It is supposed to provide increased security for users that don't know what they are doing. But because it's not feasible to have humans review every single change made to every single add-on in a reasonable time they've automated the system. So now instead of providing security all it does is make a walled garden where everything has to be approved by mozilla but no one actually checks what they're approving. So it both provides a false sense of security and prevents users from being able to control the software they run on their own machines. You are operating under the premise here that what youtube/reddit have banned is something illegal and immoral. Reddit literally banned forums for posting good deals they found for firearms and accessories online. And youtube is banning channels that feature people enjoying their completely legal hobby enjoyed by hundreds of millions of people. No, the problem here is that governments and large institutions are using truly evil things to convince people to ban completely innocuous things for commercial reasons. This is online gentrification for the corps. And for government, using kids/terrorism/communists is the oldest trick in the book to violate the rights of their citizens. We can talk about that too. In the original article's context you have government regulation using the tiny, mostly irrelevant threat of 'human trafficing' in order to justify imposing their moral standards on people who don't stigmatize sex like all those old religious farts in congress do. But really it's not even about that. "Think of the children" is and always has been a cover to simply expand federal power. Time to bring back web rings. I'm completely serious. Not only can we, but now with the CLOUD Act passed as a rider to the budget bill those countries have even more options since the law will, >Enable foreign police to collect and wiretap people's communications from U.S. companies, without obtaining a U.S. warrant. >Allow foreign nations to demand personal data stored in the United States, without prior review by a judge. >Allow the U.S. president to enter "executive agreements" that empower police in foreign nations that have weaker privacy laws than the United States to seize data in the United States while ignoring U.S. privacy laws. >Allow foreign police to collect someone's data without notifying them about it. Server side includes. It does everything required and doesn't bloat and doesn't change. I've been using them since the geocities era with hand-written static html content. Easy to mix and match. It's weird that people can get so upset about these limited excesses of surveillance by companies they've given explicit conset to when more and more of the governments of the world are literally recording everything forever and sharing it with a rapidly expanding set of organizations made up of the same kind of people. And I didn't have to know because I never signed up for Facebook because it's obvious that centralization leads to perverse incentives. It's been obvious from the start but dismissed without consideration ala https://xkcd.com/743/ That's reasonable. But it isn't reasonable to let your personal choices be dictated by where you work. I'm not saying use LibreOffice for work. I'm more saying that you shouldn't let your work define your opinions. Or reconsider the need for a VPN at all. By using a VPN you cut yourself off from participating as an equal citizen on the net. If it's just for browsing the web, irc, or the like it's much easier and better just to use a socks 5 proxy to a cheap VPS. I like shadowsocks-libev. But then again I don't use popular browsers that cram in fancy new features every week to expose new leaks and attack surfaces. You can't host servers off a VPN. You don't have control or use of your own ports. You can consume and that's about it. True enough. But they also aren't participating in the net. They're using other people and companies' resources to do things rather than participating yourself. And that's bad because it leads to centralization. And centralization leads to perverse incentives to spy and censor. > If I wanted to host servers, I'd host them somewhere else, not on my home internet connection. But why? You probably have a tens to hundreds of megabit connection that is always on. You have powerful computers that wouldn't even notice a webserver running. Buying a domain costs $8 and pointing it at home is as simple as changing the DNS entry a couple times a year or using DynDNS services. And what you don't have is a need for all the complexity and requirements that most automatically assume they need just because they're drowing in them in their day job. Hosting from home is more than enough for a personal website. It cuts the gordian knot of deciding what types of speech and content will be allowed on any given service. It prevents the perverse incentives of spying and selling users. It allows you to add things to your site on a whim just by copying a file to your web directory or opening an text editor. All the tools of your operating system, this refined and extremely usable software is now just there. Now you don't need a database. No need for a CMS. No need for scaling or containers or 99.9999% uptime. Hosting from home allows you to participate in the 'net in a way that is just natural. When there's not 5 layers of abstraction between you and the web you really can participate and build whatever you want. And since you don't need all that abstraction, dynamic content, and CMS (your OS is the CMS!) the security problems everyone loves to jump on simply vanish. Say you want to monitor your logs, well, you don't need to go install some dynamic language parser and prettifier full of attack surfaces. You just tail the log and grep. You open it in OpenOffice if you really have to have a GUI. You can set alerts as easily as tailing a log. You see day to day the type of bots, people, and referers and how they come to your site all without google analytics. You can respond to people using your site in real time; I love adding personal messages to people as they browse my site(s). This is what I mean by participating in the net. Getting down into it. It's a beautiful thing and it solves so many problems that can't even be approached when you're using someone elses computer and someone else's connection. And if you're in the USA you completely bypass third party doctorine and actually have an expectation of real privacy. I just don't get the hostility to the concept I see on HN. >Because what you're proposing shows extreme naivete. I've done it for 20 years without any of the problems you describe. I've never been DDoS'd at home but I suppose if you run in some circles it happens once or twice in a lifetime. On the otherhand the servers and upstream of my paid VPS providers I run other websites on have been DDoS'd and usually once or twice a year. AWS isn't immune from other types of outages either. It's someone elses computer. >Now I use an IRC bouncer in AWS to hide my home IP address. If you can do that you can use simple ssh port forwarding of 80 to AWS (or whatever) too. >10 hours of straight unplanned downtime is unacceptable for any server, even a personal website, IMO. I've been offline some for tens of hours too but it didn't matter at all because I'm not running an ecommerce site or some business. Is your personal site really that important that it can't ever go offline for half a day? I'd argue that it isn't a personal site if you're using it as a reputation device for work or portfolio or the like. The inability to separate work from life complicates things. > and see "Oh, there are a lot of people making requests to X resource and it's creating a bottleneck." And if you don't bring the work mindset home and run all those pretty tools on your server with the $cms turnkey of the month you don't ever run into bottlenecks because you're not running excess crap with 5 more layers of abstraction that create things dynamically when there's no reason to. > I can allow people to write comments. I can create the ability for users of my site to search it. A comment system is a bit of a challenge with my mindset. You can always just embed something like discus but I know that's not a strong argument. I personally implemented it with perl script parsing the logs and editing text files and iframes plus 1 line of JS. While parsing the perl script only accepts characters from a list of something like 30 that are harmless. I admit this is definitely not for everyone. As for search you and I both know that everyone only uses google anyway and it'll work better than whatever you implement. > If I'm hosting it myself, and my server gets hacked, my entire home network becomes at risk. The biggest security hole for everyone is using their browser for EVERYTHING by running JS apps instead of self-hosting and just using a native application on their OS. Some 0-day for nginx or $serversoftware is far less likely than the constant stream of browser exploits and far more likely to be patched quickly. You keep saying it creates a security risk at home that doesn't exist otherwise. But that's only if you make it that way and even then it's magnitudes less of a risk than simply running a modern browser. You don't understand him suggesting a completely straightforward and easy solution to the problem? If you don't want a solution and just want to talk about it that's fine. But his comment was productive and useful. I use youtube-dl almost daily to archive interesting videos locally. Direct link to the leaked rules for using spying on and using NSL against journalists at: https://freedom.press/documents/23/DIOG-Appendix-Media-NSLs.... In the linked page it is hidden behind a javascript interface. You gotta be the change you want to see even if you know it won't be enough to completely solve everything. Actually with the recent increased censorship and bans on reddit I left completely and switched RSS feeds read in a native client reader on my desktop (+voat, trying to make it better by being a good person and ignoring the rest). It helps that I never stopped cultivating them over the years though. You never needed browser multiprocess for that on linux. It was easy to just kill the plugin process. I don't know about windows. And since it's cloudflare if some site's politics don't align with the owner's politics they'll just block it arbitrarily. So, you're implying things here that I'll address with an H. L. Mencken quote, >"The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one's time defending scoundrels. For it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed, and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all." Wow. I can't tell if you're trying to be funny by being meta or you just don't realize what you just said applies to your very argument. Lets break it down. You want to protect free speech by taking it away because if you don't then someone might use free speech to take away free speech. First, speech is not an action that can violate your rights. Sticks and stones, etc. And no, just because communication can help organize your political opposition does not mean the speech itself is violating your rights. Actions and legislation do that. Second, deciding that some things are allowed and some aren't and then enforcing those arbitrary decisions through violence by the state certainly can violate those rights. And and gets easier and more every time. I suppose you think that limited free speech is a thing that can persist. I strongly disagree. The idea of universe free speech is because any attempt to regulate leads to the loss of all of it fairly quickly if not instantly; they only need to win once. It exists to protect opinions that are disliked by most if not all. I see your argument is basically that if free speech allows for speech that supports the idea of not allowing free speech then it will fail. And that may be true. That's why constant villigance is required even, especially, when they try to use people who's opinion almost everyone hates to justify it. There is no final solution. It set the precedent that they do filtering. It is now being used in legal cases against Cloudflare by companies suing them to force them to filter other things. Any censorship immediately leads to massive censorship even if they don't want to expand it. That's why it has to be stopped at the start; not done at all. Dumb pipe or censorship pipe. I'm probably not the only one that went in thinking this was going to be about Eve (the game). When I saw the spreadsheets and visualizations it only further confirmed this. It took me about half the page before I realized this was something else entirely I'd never heard of. I see the opposite here in the USA in rural areas. People are constantly holding up the lines because of the chip/pin updates or other failures and confusions. With cash it is always just simple and quick. And I know it doesn't matter but when you pay with a credit card or third party payment service you are not paying. Some other entity is. Whew. Looks like a dodged a bullet by finally leaving Reddit due to their increasing censorship last month. This new design looks terrible and it breaks reading the site without javascript enabled. Before reddit worked just fine and you could toggle JS on to vote/comment/submit. I imagine they feel they can do this kind of thing since new users now overwhelming outnumber old users and they've pushed most of the original users off the site. Facebook 2: This time it's Reddit is coming along nicely. Ignoring the well argued and sourced history from mises.org proving otherwise, even if militia did mean only organized groups at the time of founding the country there are two strong arguments why it doesn't now. First, by analogy, does freedom of the press only apply to hand cranked printing presses and not to roll to roll papers, radio, television, and the internet? It's an absurd stance to take. Second, no group of people has any more rights by being a group than a single one of them. Rights apply to the individual. If they want to group up and practice that's fine, but a group doesn't magic up more rights than the individuals bring in to it. Freedom of the press only means freedom to use hand cranked printing presses. That is all the founders were thinking about. They did not anticipate high throughput roll to roll printing, radio, television, or the internet. Consequently freedom of the press does not apply to any of these things. Only hand cranked printing press manufactured leaflets should be allowed. Freedom of the press should be banned for all other mediums. ... and in case you're wondering, yes, this is a metaphor for another on-going debate and an apt one. The round of an AR-15 is very much smaller and with much less power than those used for hunting medium or large game. In fact they're so much less powerful that it is generally considered unethical to hunt deer with them. >Yet withdrawal has never been a focus of drug makers or government regulators, who felt antidepressants could not be addictive and did far more good than harm. They're not addictive. They cause dependence. There is an important difference. Addictive things increase incentive salience of stimuli associated with the drug. They increase wanting. And that increased wanting leads to increased usage. Dependence on a drug does not have this aspect. It just represents the bodies physiological adaptation to the new state. Conflating the two is bad practice for an article ostensibly about medicine. And it leads people, and that set includes legislators, to think about using more government violence to enforce regulations of drugs which create dependence. I'm not a famous icon for an industry but I never signed up for Facebook. I'm really enjoying not getting anymore looks of confusion or hostility when I say I don't use it. And the occasional 'I told you so' is pretty sweet too. I just wish the public at large, or these icons leave, would acknowledge the more general problem beyond the simple partisan politics driving the flight from Facebook. Centralization is always bad. Walled gardens are always bad. The create the incentives and pressures will inevitably lead to the problems people blame Facebook for. But nope. These same people deleting their facebook accounts are still using gmail, still using Apple's app store, and switching to using Discord or Slack or the like to talk and organize. Same here. I had used RSS less frequently as I used aggregators like Digg and Reddit more. But after leaving reddit last month I found a lot of the old URLs had decayed. No problem. Most had just moved URL slightly or changed format so finding them on the http site was easy enough. And while finding the new RSS URLs I often checked out the entire blogroll/webring/etc too and found new feeds to subscribe to. For me RSS is wasn't ever dead. But it may have been left to itself in the nursing home for a few years. I started using reddit in 2008. Although I doubt it was intentional reddit was a refuge from the "Best viewed with Javascript" modern web for many years. It worked just fine to browse and read with no JS enabled and was very snappy and low resource usage that way. Sure, you had to toggle JS back on to vote or post but that was easy enough. I left just before they pushed out the redesign due their increased censorship but from what I can see now it is a random chance that a sub will work with JS disabled. Half the time the post content in a div that only is rendered visible when you turn on JS. You can read it if you view source but not in the browser's native interface. The reason to keep r/fatpeoplehate is simple. You cannot run a site where you censor things that some people dislike without falling into the hole of censoring all things. Just look at cloudflare. The CEO did it out of spite and now they'll have to censor everything. It's already being used in court against them to force it even though they don't want to. Once you're not just a host for discussion or not just a dumb pipe your job becomes to censor everything. Yep. A society with true freedom lets those like this unnamed person and yourself who want to curtail and destroy it speak anyway. Freedom is never a static thing and the fight against censors is constant. It's sad to see this battle lost but I hope for Europe's sake they figure out it was the wrong move after this becomes abused by the rich and powerful. If anyone is interested more in the latest science of teasing apart the neural substraits of wanting and liking I highly recommend taking a look at the review papers written over at Berridge lab, http://www.lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/resear... This article starts with the headline, "Because everyone using Chrome for everything is a bad idea" and it's right about the need for diversity in browsers. But that doesn't mean just Firefox or Chrome. On the contrary, for technically inclined users it's time to consider giving up on Chrome, Firefox, Safari and all the other locked-down anti-user walled gardens that violate software freedoms. I know this is a niche belief system but among the types that read hackernews more care than average. Firefox held out much longer than most but the pressure at Mozilla to make it 'safe' for grandma (only add-ons signed by Moz) and 'safe' for consuming commercial media (DRM black box, no exceptions for research) won in the end. It has become Chrome if only in target demographic and feature prioritization. Just switching from Chrome to modern Firefox won't create the browser diversity argued for in this article. I'm intentionally refraining from recommending anything specific because that gets comments in these threads downvoted and killed. There are plenty of good Firefox forks. Well, it won't be any large or mega city. Statistically as they grow larger they'll homogenize. It's far more likely to be some tiny hundreds of person, barely incorporated place no one has heard of. In those the deviation won't be smoothed out. I like (and use) Riot.im but as an electron app that uses ~300 MB of RAM (I just checked) it is definitely not lightweight. I can't think of any way they could make it lightweight either. Maybe if they treated the JS as pseudocode and re-implemented as native clients. This company's pages make a big deal about the 'secure cloud based software'. What they don't say is that the security is for them against Chinese clones. It is security against you, the owner, from owning your device. This skips from idea to idea kind of abruptly without clear linkage but the core idea definitely rings true: freedom cannot exist if all economic transactions are controlled and monitored by a centralized entity. People have to be able to privately enter into exchanges of value. It greases the wheels of the entire economy and prevents things like the State Dept. saying, "No, you can't donate to this journalist." As cash becomes more and more marginalized and moves from the majority of transaction to something seen as inherently shady and criminal some alternate is going to be needed. Cryptocurrencies that are (mostly) private like Monero can fill part of the void but none of them really scale like cash does nor are they as convenient. They have a role to play in preventing an East Germany like situation but they aren't sufficient. We still need cash. But go ahead, try buying, say ... a multi-hundred dollar bike with cash. Or even paying for groceries with it, they'll swipe every bill over $5 with the test marker and look at you quite suspiciously. And countries like India and Sweden are moving aggressively to eliminate it. Even in the USA having large amounts of cash is considered intrinsically illegal by both the police (who will seize the cash claiming it's mere existence is proof that it is to be used for or is from, crimes) and the IRS which makes transfering large amounts of cash something you have to report and be scrutinized for. And if you don't they'll throw you in jail for violating either the Bank Secrecy Act or for "structuring", ie, not triggering the automatic reporting provisions. And people, on a whole, love it. They love the convenience of never actually paying with or holding their own money. A giant multi-national corporation will promise to pay for them and it's reputation is so pristine no business will balk. It's a brave new world. Just like the old (east german) world. It's not true. Wireless spectrum can only be used once. Wires and fiber optics can use the same spectrum over and over and over. Additionally, wireless telcos have already gotten used to not providing real internet access to their customers. Instead they provide a proxied, nat'd, no-ports, almost web only service. This was a wonderfully written piece and a lot of it rings true to me even as a white as you can be person in a smallish state university town in the midwest. But maybe being 6'2" with a big unkempt hobo beard is almost as scary as being black. I too love walking the streets at night. And I too have to not be myself and behave in very conscious ways to avoid being hassled and detained by the police. Police just assume that if you're out at night you are a criminal. So much of his descriptions of having to learn to dress a certain way, behave a certain way, and literally go out of my way to avoid scaring people rings true. I get detained by the police a handful of times per year just for walking or being in places at times that most people aren't. I particularly get the police called on me if I walk through in rich neighborhoods. I've had firearms pulled on me just for photographing trees in a public park (at night). I tried to take up jogging for half a year but I quit and bought a bike after being stopped by police for being suspicious three times in as many months. Apparently jogging while not wearing a joggers uniform means I'm up to no good. No non-criminal jogs in cargo pants and a t-shirt. And that was in the day time. I wouldn't even consider trying it at night. I'm not trying to marginalize his message that skin color is the cause. But it's certainly not the only cause. The root of the problem lies with the police, and society, villifying anyone who isn't diurnal. Yup. And if you look in the usenet archives back in the mid to late 90s on alt.dreams.lucid you'll find people were building eye movement monitoring glasses that would trigger flashing LEDs even then. >If the closed web is a place where hate speech, harassment and bullying thrives, the open web can be, needs to be an experience where it does not. I am strongly against this appeal to censorship. Luckily in the real open web, where you host your own content the incentives and mechanisms for censorship are few and difficult to achieve. No, my dream of the open web is diverse. Full of things people hate and full of things people love. Not just some gentrified, marketable, set of opinions from a narrow slice of the possible. The overton window has shrunk enough. That's how the web was and how it can be again. Without extremes there's nothing exceptional. Because what a small, loud minority of people call "bullying" simply isn't. Because sometimes mocking ideas is the right thing to do. The idea that "bullying" or "harassment" should be eliminated comes from a place where people believe they can define an absolute right or wrong. And even more unbelievable, they think that there is a person (or worse, a group of people) that know these absolutes. If they want to block that communications on their forum it's fine. But I'll post to my personal, self-hosted website whatever opinions I want. The way to cut the gordian knot of what to allow is simple: everyone should self host, federate, and set up web rings. Everyone should be a full participant on the 'net instead of going through centralized proxies that create perverse commercial incentives for censorship. Except none of that happens because the people pushing for stupid things like anti-bullying were in the minority all along. Also, my self hosted website has been doing fine for ~20 years now. And because I don't care about reach or other marketing and business terms even in your scarecrow scenario I'm just fine too. True enough. But when the government creates the economic and legal incentives to force private companies to de-platform people (ie, FOSTA-SESTA) the difference is marginal. Even better, try not taking your phone with you at all. They're essentially ankle bracelets that use the carrot instead of the stick. At least in the US your location is recorded and stored for at a minimum of 2 and usually more towards 5 years depending on telco. This trick used to be the way I would download (or play in VLC) videos sent through Flash embeds in webpages. Way back in the day there was an actual temp file. But many companies didn't like that so they started deleting the file immediately to preserve the consensual hallucination that is 'streaming' and keep the lawyers happy. The way around this was to use stat, proc and awk in a bashrc function, ie: vlc $(stat -c %N /proc/*/fd/\* 2>&1 | awk -F[\`\'] '/tmp\/Flash/{print$2}') With newer versions of Flash this too went away (around ~2014). But I still keep a browswer profile around that uses an old one around just so I can access the downloaded file to play in VLC (much smoother). Or a solution like hash based domains that Tor uses. I know a lot of commercial sites balk but it really is more secure. And instead of just leasing a domain on the whims of a company easily swayed by politics and lawyers you actually own your domain on the Tor network. >In this hypothetical decentralized future internet, discoverability would be the responsibility of individual readers, Older readers may remember this as 'surfing the web' and it works just fine. I often click through to load up the page of an interesting RSS post (usually even). And it's there on the blogroll (read: webring) or the like that I find new sites. >Publishers have complete control over what goes in their RSS feed, And they don't over their web pages? At least on RSS I'm not getting embedded JS ads with tracking and analytics. It is easier than ever to brute force generate a readable Tor address. Even with my 2010 graphics card I generated superkuhbitj6tul.onion (for my superkuh.com and superkuh.bit (namecoin) domains) in about 30 minutes. With todays graphics cards you can go much further than that number of characters. But yeah, there's still the trailing sequence and companies that don't understand how simple that is. >and not superkuhbit6g4tfr4.onion You mean superkuhbit6g4tf.onion. Although longer Tor based address hashes are coming soon for better security ( https://blog.torproject.org/tors-fall-harvest-next-generatio... ) so the trailing length of random chars will be even longer. Kind of mitigates my objection. Still, Tor hidden services come with DoS/DDoS protection built in as well. Something Cloudflare and it's centralized service doesn't like to acknowledge. Cloudflare's business is providing DoS mitigation. Cloudflare blocks Tor users by default. Tor provides DoS protection for free. It's no citation but it's certainly reason to believe. That's great news. I looked it up and it seems like it's almost been 2 years; not a very long time. I understand defaulting to re-captcha is a compromise and no better option exists for Cloudflare but you'll have to excuse me for not noticing the difference when I encounter "Your network is sending out automated queries" so often it's effectively a block. Yup. Signal sounds great but I can't use it because I don't have (or want) a smartphone with a phone number. I use Matrix clients instead. Or worse, they're implying that minorities and women are all insecure and thin skinned which is the very behavior and thinking they're ostensibly trying to prevent. You should feel upset and scared. Sites like 23andMe are just a small subset of genes and variations of them. The number of false positives due to this limit is significant. In whole database fishing searches by non-experts (ie, police) it will result in false positives every single time. And also contributing is the increased sensitivity of the DNA amplification methods and lax procedures at most labs. See http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2016/03/forensics-gone-wrong-... >In 2013, geneticist Michael Coble of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Gaithersburg, Maryland, set up a hypothetical scenario in which a mix of DNA from several people had been found on a ski mask left at a crime scene after a series of robberies. Coble asked 108 labs across the country to determine whether a separate DNA sample, which he posited had come from a suspect in the robberies, was also part of the mix. Seventy-three of the labs got it wrong, saying the suspect's DNA was part of the mix when, in fact, it was not. Then put them in jail, or prison, for comitting a real crime with real victims instead of some imagined future offense. Future crime being normalized is more evil and does more damaged than any drug could or has. Statistical judgments against classes of people are bad, and worse when backed up by government violence. The vast majority of murders in the last 200 years have been because of this kind of thinking. https://xkcd.com/743/ HSTS seems to require the website to conform to what google defines as 'Serve a valid certificate.' Does this mean that self-signed certs will not be acceptable for a .app domain and centralized certificate authorities will be required? It never even happens if you don't have javascript enabled. Unfortunately as of last year archive.org changed their site and wayback machine design so that it is no longer possible to use without javascript. I was wondering what was up with the amazonpay.com domain that appeared in my NoScript list sometime the last couple week (on amazon.com). So far Amazon still works without enabling it but I doubt that'll last. Please stop censoring views that don't align with the hackernews majority. Just because these complaints are so common that HN hipsters now like to hate on them does not invalidate them. How would you know about the emails to you that were blocked and false positives? Or just make a website that doesn't require javascript at all that loads instantly, uses almost no CPU/battery, and renders on everything everywhere and for people with accessibility issues. Native apps are static. You know what is in them from version to version. Javascript changes every time you pull it down and even changes as you use it. I haven't tried Firefox since version 47 and haven't used it as my main since 37. I gave 61 (dev edition) a spin yesterday. All the extensions that make the browser usable for me were like 1990s geocities pages: "Under Construction" if they existed at all. They were just placeholders that lacked most features with links to bugzilla pages to vote for features to be added back into Firefox. Garbage collection was pretty terrible too. I managed to use up 4 GB of ram with ~10 tabs. In my normal (firefox fork) browser I run 300 active/loaded tabs and 700 'suspended' tabs for ~1k total and never get that high. There's seemingly still a lot of work to be done before it's usable as a main browser. I've been doing large sessions ever since Opera introduced tabs in my teen years (2000). It's how I grew up and second nature now. Tabs are great because they provide context both as a span of tabs showing how I got from point A to point B and as individual tab due to tab history backwards. I've been regularly saving my session files since ~2001 although I only have data from 2003 onward. It's great to load up an old one and see what I was doing on some old date. http://superkuh.com/number-of-tabs-vs-date-2003.png (2003-2006) http://superkuh.com/number-of-tabs-vs-date-2017.png (2013-2017) Nowdays the first couple hundred are almost static over a year or two. They are things I always want to have open. The most recent ~300 or so are in flux from week to week. There is a gradient. The older tabs and their favicons/etc form a landscape I know and can navigate just by a glance. The newer ones I can see the general topic of a group/span of tabs by clicking in and using tab search. I also use minimal browser skins/layouts to pack the max amount of tabs in. Every couple months I'll go through and "clean" up a session by closing some and bookmarking others. The tabs that make it through this are added to the static landscape of useful things for current projects. Kind of like how sedimentary rock is layed down in layers. Every year or two I'll start a new session. It always feels so directionless. I do not use 'web app' sites like gmail or Facebook. I have about 20k bookmarks. I use my bookmarks constantly and I have a well structured folder hierarchy so I don't run into the problems you describe. There is no downside to having lots of bookmarks. It isn't the same as a physical space in which the 'clutter' or 'less is more' ideologies may have merit. First eBay was encouraged to buy Skype. But they messed up and only bought the brand and users and didn't get the p2p backend which was still licensed from the European inventors. So then Microsoft was encouraged to buy Skype and they bought the p2p code as well and promptly put a stop to all the excellent end-to-end encrypted public communications going through Skype. That was the end of Skype. And it's obvious who did the encouraging. The war on cash marches on. The limit will get lower and lower and eventually individuals will have no right to trade or enter into transactions as individuals. You'll always have to use a third party institution to pay for things. Paying yourself will be a crime and transactions will be at their whim. All economic activity will be surveilled and stored. The same thing can be said about JS ad analytics scripts and ads. Or sites that turn the entire webpage into a JS 'web app' when it'd work fine as HTML with static images and text. I've never strayed from the ideas this site is talking about (though not practicing). All my sites are static HTML/CSS written by hand designed to display content rather than look pretty. I make them for fun or to scratch an itch. The only line of JS I use on my personal site is optional to trigger a page reload to display a submitted comment with the rest. The comment system itself requires no JS to use. It's just a particular string, '/@say/your comment here' appended to any URL on the site. A perl script tails the nginx log and generates/modifies the static html files. I feel like most of this kind of design has gone away because the people that make websites make them for commerce now and that requires a lot of bullshit. Bullshit which they bring home if only because of inertia. There are no available cellphone radio baseband computers/transceivers that allow you do do things with that. You would literally have to implement the entire cell baseband from scratch with a software defined radio. It would be a very non-trivial project. And it'd be useless unless you had many of these custom transmitters faking your signal spread out over large physical distances. The reason that cell phone networks actually work (they're effectively decentralized networks) is that they pay the big bucks to rent space on high towers, building roofs, etc. The only thing that matters for radio communications is line of sight. The only thing that gives you line of sight is relative height. The only thing that gives you consistent height is money. By works I mean, doesn't cut out permanently and from then on at every small hill or rise in the ground. I've done a lot of real implemention of 900 MHz and 2.4 GHz mesh wireless networks. I currently operate a 5 MHz channel at 910 MHz using broadband hamnet firmware on ubiquiti transceivers. This is for between home (custom antenna up on a tall 10m pole on my apartment) and my car (custom antenna popping up through the sunroof). By work, I mean, work at all for more than the first slight change in elevation. I've even tried using custom FPV narrowband solutions (56k SLIP) at 433 and 900 MHz and those do not better. The first slight rise in the ground kills you after a block or two. And I'm not in a super-hilly region. I have no confidence than any ad-hoc deployed mesh network of 2.4 GHz is going to be good for anything but within a single home or building. Many workplaces require college degrees when they aren't required for any direct reason because it shows the applicant is willing to bend over and take it in the way a good worker should. It's peacock feathers signifying you're willing to fit in. > they're willing to give them up Sure. But why are alternatives so scarce or difficult? Because federal and state governments are going out of their way to attack any non-banklike means of converting fiat to cryptocurrency. From heavy regulation (see: New York) to arbitrary abuse of unrelated regulation in form of police action (localbitcoin sellers atttacked and jailed under KYC). This funnels people into players that are willing to bend over for the establishment like Coinbase. In most political regions the max data rate for HF transmissions is very, very low. People make the same jokes about cell phones and location tracking. But it seems like with these invasions of privacy they're always unable to make the leap from joking about it to the reality itself. Not only that, but AMP pages are only potentially perceived as 'fast' when you access them through google's search. When you do that all the AMP links' assets are pre-loaded in the background so it seems fast when you click through. But AMP pages themselves are just the same speed as anything else or slower when access without google's monopoly position pre-load. Yeah, and it's by far the worst part of the GDPR. It's based on the implicit premise that you don't own your company and can be compelled to provide services to random people by the government at the point of a gun. Oh, I care a lot about privacy. Because of that I made many choices to never even start using services like Facebook or carry a cell phone with me. I also run white-list only javascript in browser and host all my own services (web/mail/voice chat/etc). These things have made it harder to stay involved with friends, harder to use the web, but it was my choice and the right one. The idea that people have to be protected from themselves and their choices is at the heart of GDPR. It prevents people from making the correct choice of not using services you disagree with and keeps those services profiting and ever more centralized. But digging even deeper, there's this delusion that your usage patterns of someone elses' property are yours and to me it seems crazy. You wouldn't say that physical grocery stores cannot keep track of who enters their premises and what they bought (or how long their phone SSID was in range of $x aisle). Or that they should be fined, and have those fined backed up with government violence, if someone demanded the grocer delete the data. All those things are true and yet the freedom you mock isn't a delusion. It's just not evenly distributed. And that's the key idea of the USA. Instead of concentrating on using government force to ensure equal outcomes for everyone instead it's about equal opportunities in a free for all. Free to fail and free to succeed. There's a lot of extremes here and the USA is a much larger, more heterogeneous place than many imagine from watching the exported news and media. re: this story, for example: nothing like this exists in states that are not on the southern border. From state to state there are huge differences in culture, demographics, and governance. It'd be nice if these same protected class laws applied to the rampant and increasing age discrimination against 18 to 21 year old adults. Discrimination of them is not just common but baked into the culture and acknowledged as a good thing (ie, car rentals, firearm purchases, etc). They get all the downsides and responsibilities of being a full citizen but are treated as second class citizens. Sure, discrimination against the old happens. But it's not nearly as common or widespread as discrimination against the young. If people don't like a product or service then they simply shouldn't use it, no matter how many of their peers and friends do. It's really simple and doesn't involve bringing in (literal) government guns that'll just end up controlled via regulatory capture anyway. Be responsible for your own choices. They aren't Tor network usability problems. They're clear web network usability problems. It'd be great if more people used Tor, NoScript (yes, I know this will not be baked in), and other privacy protecting mechanisms so that clear web sites would care about the users they're intentionally making the experience worse for. The darkest of these patterns of simple and becoming ubiquitous: nothing displays unless you have javascript enabled, not even text, images, or other static content. NASA.gov is a prime example of this. So the user leaves JS on and then the site does a whole bunch of bullshit unrelated to the site service using JS. A slightly less, but more overtly, evil version of this is hiding everything behind an opaque div that is only cleared when JS on their domains is enabled. Reddit's new design is a prime example of this. My interests in cryptocurrency and my interests in radio astronomy started at about the same time, ~2010. I've definitely been able to notice that broadband low VHF noise when mining at home. By now I have literal years of recordings of it. For me it's worst around 144 MHz with my series of AMD GPU (5770, 7870, 7950) using DVI. It is more likely to be perceived as a common opinion and then people tend to go with what they think the crowd thinks. (PDF) http://erewhon.superkuh.com/library/Neuroscience/Psychology/... Just because they're called hidden services doesn't mean they have to be hidden. Tor hidden services offer a lot that the clear web and normal domain system does not. For one, you own your domain rather than lease it on the whims of some institution that can be easily pressured to kick you off (like cloudflare and registrars did against stormfront, for example). And of course going completely within Tor is a great speed-bump for preventing massive surveillance. I run all of my clear web sites as tor hidden services too and publish the domains for both publicly on both. But I wouldn't trust Cloudflare to not censor anything controversial. They're already proven themselves an enemy of free speech and an enemy of tor by their behavior. Words mean little. >obvious anti competitive AMP pages are only potentially perceived as 'fast' when you access them through google's search. When you do that all the AMP links' assets are pre-loaded in the background so it seems fast when you click through. But AMP pages themselves are just the same speed as anything else or slower when access without google's monopoly position pre-load. Or, "Airbnb fails to warn travellers city plans to wreck their holidy plans." It's almost funny that the city is engaging in rent-seeking behavior against renters. In this move San Francisco makes it clear that they believe they own your property and you merely occupy it on their whim. Turn off javascript. It works just fine and doesn't bug you. This is the best way to surf by default. But, more back on topic, it seems to me that despite the headline picked suggesting something very controversial, nothing in Dyson's intereview really was. re: evolution and natural selection vs. random drift, it's not like this are opposing concepts. They're mutually complementary. re: climate, he's not wrong about humans not understanding how big climate changes (ie: ice ages) worked or what they were caused by. It's not a huge step to suggest that that inability to understand or create predictive models of past climate records suggests current extrapolations may not be very predictive. No reasons to get everyone riled up like this HN thread has been. Read the article and you'll see it's all very nuanced and not him just saying "EVOLUTION IS WRONG." or "CLIMATE CHANGE ISN'T HAPPENING.". Right, the premise of this is that it's their and not yours. You have to get permission to use your own property how you like. Living in a city means giving up rights to the authoritarians who keep high population density centers from killing each other. Living in a city is a big trade-off. More jobs, less liberty. And now that MS owns github there's reason to believe they're going to be more active/compliant about bullshit DMCA take down requests. Yeah, they should avoid New York state and their scammy, rent-seeking, regulators as much as possible. The idea of a cryptocurrency license is absurd and an affront to the very concept. So does Europe. Article 13 up for vote today and GDPR already passed. To quote the article, "Many of these elements serve a dual purpose: supporting domestic industry while further closing off the internet." No utopia exists. But IRC is a hell of a lot more pleasant than you make it sound. What I'm afraid of are the centralized proprietary chat networks and the perverse incentives that creates for censorship. Censorship is the worst in people. Anonymity just means people aren't constantly playing identity and power social games. The article seems to suggest the worst crime most were picked up for is traffic violations. But illegal immigration is a serious crime in and of itself. The crime that triggered them being caught hardly matters in this context. After I read this I went off to learn more about the dorsal posterior insula and pain. It's role in being a necessary but not sufficient or just something correlated is still being debated with many experiments for and against. https://www.nature.com/articles/nn.3969 and https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4706052/ then http://journals.plos.org/plosbiology/article?id=10.1371/jour... As far as I can tell on my very quick literature survey lately it's against, and because of invasive studies done with actual electrodes covering the relevant areas of the insula. And the activity there (which would be later picked up as blood flow inferred by MRI) doesn't seem to necessarily "track" pain like the foundation paper(s) on the theory suggested. Ah, I didn't realize this covered overstaying a visa. Sorry. That's not a serious crime so ICE detaining does seem wrong. Sneaking over a border being only a misdemeanor surprises me though. The amount of man power, deadly force and investigational power centered around the borders is disproportional to a misdemeanor. Heck, there's even a 100 mile no civil rights zone around all international borders. If it's not a big deal all that stuff has got to go. Same here, although I left because of the massive increase in censorship and gentrification right before the big redesign. And in the end the malicious actors are the centralized hosts. Even if they don't start that was centralization leads to perverse incentives for censorship. I've been using this ever since youtube dropped flash support. Early this year youtube began throttling certain file formats and qualities. The way around this is to call youtube-dl so that it uses an external downloader like, --external-downloader aria2c --external-downloader-args "-j 8 -s 8" I wrap the entire thing up in some shell script as a .bashrc function which takes a URL, touches the downloaded file (since youtube-dl saves the youtube file modified date), then opens it in vlc. Maybe he read it too old. I read it in high school and it absolutely blew my mind. It was a slog at parts, predicate calculus and symbolic manipulation like that was new to me, but I can say without qualification that it changed my thinking and life. Your assumption here is that regular people need to have their bad decisions to use shit services mitigated by government using threats of violence. It is bad for people. It allows them to keep using bad, centralized, censoring, services without acknowledging the problems that causes. It prevents alternatives from springing up both indirectly because they can continue to make bad choices without consequence, and directly because the heavy new regulatory load makes start-ups harder and gives giant corps (and their giant legal teams) an advantage. Additionally, you imply that regular people are not impacted. People are businesses. They don't stop being regular people when they run a business. I don't have to. It happened to me in 2010 in the middle of the USA. 6am no-knock raid by regional FBI agents with guns drawn. They stole all of my computer equipment and my flatmate's computer equipment too. There were never any charges brought. We never got our stuff back. The local police were brought in to try to charge me with something, anything, and the best they could come up with was a city ordinance called "Maintaining a disorderly house." -- yeah, it tends to be a bit messy after the feds have trashed it. Of course back then the feds were really up in arms trying to squash any and all grassroots political organizations (ie, wikileaks + occupy). Even more than now. You kind of ignored and then proved my point. Instead of not using services that are bad you keep using them but instead abstract away your violence and let the government hold them at gunpoint on your new terms. Life became full of uncertainty about the future and the lack of ability to plan that brings with it. I would go to bed every night half expecting that I'd awaken to shouting and guns pointed at me. 5+ years of panic attacks whenever I heard a loud noise like a car door slam outside or a heavy knock at the door. For many years I completely stopped posting about my political opinions online. A few years ago even just writing this the memories would've had me shaking. I didn't react well and it kind of ruined my life, but it didn't necessarily have to. All they really did was threaten me and steal my stuff. I never heard from them again after that day. You do realize you don't have to browse the web with javascript and other tracking features enabled? You also do realize that life's not an equal playing field and everyone is not equal in all aspects? I can't fix my car without paying someone to do it. Some people can't use the web properly. It's a tradeoff. It's straightforward logic. You don't need to use Facebook. They have no obligation to provide you service. Even if you do use it there's no threat to your health or wellbeing (unlike bad food preparation hygine). The threats of violence are from the government. If you don't pay their fines, say, if you refuse to be a slave and be forced into providing services to people on terms set by others, they will come at you with violence. Voat's been having some downtimes but otherwise it's alright. You'll need to to pick and chose which subs you subscribe to to avoid the more abrasive elements. Subs like /v/justgrowit are pretty good and I'm trying to make /v/radioastronomy good. You gotta be the change you want to see. Sounds like the perfect time to stop using AirBnB. You are not required to do so and they are not required to serve you. I don't see a problem other than you being upset by their rudeness. I only first used AirBnB 2 weeks ago. There's a single one in my town. I've never seen an uber. I think many on hackernews overestimate how many people use or depend on these kind (uber, airbnb, etc) services outside of high population density areas. 1. Battle Royale (the Japanese film) is released in 2000. 2. DayZ kicks off the survival genre in ~2012. 3. A slew of DayZ mods happen. A dev on one mod, playerunknown, creates a Battle Royale inspired mod for DayZ in 2013. 4. In 2016 PU is hired as a consultant for the DayZ knockoff H1Z1 to make a Battle Royale mode. 5. PU is hired by Bluehole to make PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, a Battle Royale game. Bluehole uses the Unreal 4 engine from Epic games. 6. PUBG is a hit in early 2017. 7. Epic games sees PUBG's success with their engine so they create a mod of their Unreal 4 building game "Fornite" that implements Battle Royale. It's released for free. 8. It's free, cartoony, and performs better than PUBG; this attracts the young youtube/twitch/etc crowd. Viral success happens. I like how the recent changes section has bug fixes from 1998. It's easy. Just don't use Facebook. Back in the late 1990s and early 2000s I experimented with a number of complex rich text, database, and proprietary formats for my notes files. It was a disaster in terms of long term accessibility. Since ~2004 or so I've used exclusively a single plain text file with embedded filepaths if media references were required. This has worked far better and now offers a remarkable resource for both nostalgia and getting stuff done. It's huge and search is pretty much the only way through it but I still add every day. Plain text is best. I feel that even using vim to automate time stamps is too complex. I just write it once by hand. It's easy and literally takes half a second. Yep. It's not surprising people fail to apply the same standards for privacy to things they are dependent on but it is sad. And it's not just smartphones but any cell phone. They're all tracking ankle bracelets. But more back on topic, buying everything from one store, as amazon's 'Prime' and business practices are focused on, represents a fairly large privacy risk and centralized liability in and of itself. Better to just buy from wherever has the best price/etc. A lot of people are talking about the respective pros and cons of dense metropolitan use of amazon vs. everywhere else and shipping times, and how they're slipping. But what really matters to me is the lock-in, or lack of it. When I order from Best Buy online (I don't go in person anymore) I don't need to pay $100 for just the privledge of shopping there. That kind of anti-consumer practice I simply won't abide. That parent comment is now also locked-in and will justify Amazon's extortion to themselves by buying more things from them without bothering to check other stores. They end up paying quite a bit beyond that $100/year fee. I guess that's exploiting the temperature differential for power systems but it's not exploiting the temperature differential for power generation. Solar panels are just more reliable than any heat engine and actually using the temperature differential in a heat engine (stirling or whatever) would decrease the heat shields ability to reject heat. And it'd add mass in the form of radiators with space already at a premium. --- But more in general, I'm super excited about Solar Probe+ (Parker Probe) as well as the completion of the Advanced Technology Solar Telescope (Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope (DKIST)). They're both going to be exposing never before sampled, very exciting, territory. The Solar Probe with actually in-situ measurements of the magnetic field of the corona (as opposed to inferences based on optical Hanle scattering or radio emission). It is going to put a lot of constraints on previously weakly constrained flare and CME models. Maybe in the 9 radius passes it might even detect (or more likely not!) the stupifyingly unphysical entire electron contents of the corona dumping down during flares most models call for. And the ATST/DKIST with it's diffraction limited imagining and fast optical spectroscopy of the sun at 100s of km scales projected on the photosphere. There's so much going on in the photosphere and chromosphere that right now is just blurry blobs. When resolved I think there's going to be a lot to see. Or in more imaginable terms: 9 solar radii out at the closest passes in the far future. Here's an older sim clip showing the process, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IClNiZ2-ee4 Yeah, it's getting pretty old and there are a lot of unfixed exploitable vulnerabilities. Plus I was starting to have trouble using it with sites that had bleeding edge https/ssl configs. I ended up switching to the slightly more modern Liferea a couple months ago. https://lzone.de/liferea/ I don't like the interface quite as much but it's workable. From their price list it looks like they decided to buy a Chinese clone HackRF instead of a HackRF One from greatscottgadgets or a distributor. >All the components are available off-the-shelf. The total cost is about 223 US Dollars ($175+$35+$10+$3). I'm using an ancient browser and youtube seems to always append this automatically for me. At least native applications are something static you can verify. With web 'apps' like, say, anything based on electron, the end user has no control about what code is run. Instead the 'app' just pulls down and runs whatever the company/etc wants you to run dynamically and differently every time with the permissions you gave originally. It's been obvious since Firefox 37 that Mozilla no longer cares about "power users" or the web in general. Every step since then has been removing features and removing customization in a race to the bottom (w/Chrome) for making a safe shell for grandma to run JS web apps. Electron is not a native app. Electron is a browser web app marketed as a native application. That's exactly what I thought until I saw the proposed timeline mechanism for exploring session history. That feature looks very useful. Ever since Opera came out with tabs I've been using huge session files. Back in Opera 5/6 that meant maybe 50-100 tabs. These days my session files are more towards 1000 tabs. I save my session file with semantic naming every week or so. I would love to have a graphical timeline of all tabs like this to explore older session files as well as my current one. Weather or not it is true Mozilla only cares about the less-tech-savvy userbase now. Just look at what they've done with Firefox instead of what they say. Yes! That's half of it. They've made it really fast for running JS web apps and safe for people who don't know not to do dangerous things. The other have is removing functionality like the user customization of XUL and jetpack style extensions (killing off a giant ecosystem that has yet to recover). And there's also the anti-freedom (pro-security) changes like the removal of the ability to install (or modify) your own extensions without Mozilla's approval and signing. And no, using a beta (developer/etc) manually installed does not count. Yeah, they bought PUBG too. Right after it stopped being popular. The problem with pictures and modern websites is that they aren't there. Instead the pictures are only potential pictures which will only be loaded if you load the JS loaders that load the loaders that load the pictures (and all the tracking stuff). With JS disabled you have no pictures or a super low resolution placeholder at best. Or a blank page showing nothing at worst (ie, nasa.gov). >The only benefit of AMP is that the pages are promoted higher in results. Not just promoted in the results but actually pre-loaded in the background when you're using google search. It's double the monopoly fun. It is also nothing for me in a Firefox fork with almost all add-ons disabled. Error console says there's a bunch of "class is a reserved identifier" and syntax errors of missing semicolons (before main() can even run). My guess it's trying to use some bleeding edge emcascript stuff which borks the parsing in non-bleeding edge browsers. And lets not forget that their CEO will arbitrarily censor and stop serving people he doesn't like. He's done it before. He'll do it again. Cloudflare has already lost my trust. Java/EMCA scripts are extremely far behind and sort of going backwards. Keeping up means slowly re-implementing the entire normal OS stack in a browser. If you really want to keep up you can just develop native applications and use webpages as webpages instead of apps. That's an interesting interpretation of my statement. Our context here is "Keeping up in the JavaScript" world. And yeah, unless you're making webapps you don't really need to "keep up". But he does and does. And now in the Perfect 10 lawsuit against your company it's biting you in the ass. Now you have to censor everything. Good going. > ... and does use the latest ES6 features without much attempt to support older browsers (unlike the production site at archive.org) Except the wayback machine which recently changed it's interface to be entirely JS dependent and fails on older browsers. And the old interface is no longer accessible. I've been posting to alt.cyberpunk every few months trying to get things going. I use eternal-september(.org) for my usenet access. Most web design has been corrupted by mobile-friendly concepts. It's nice to finally see a site that isn't made crap by giant buttons, whitespace, and thin vertical scroll. Electrolysis membranes. I don't know about ranking, but they do put them at the top of the page. And when you use google with JS enabled all AMP results will be pre-loaded in the background. AMP pages aren't faster. They just feel faster when you go through google search and the hidden background pre-load. If you're concerned about security you don't use a smart phone and don't use your phone as a computing device. I know it's a lot to ask of people and so most will simply ignore the massive, unfixable (at least yet), security and privacy issues (ie, 5 years of your location 24 hours a day tracked, stored, and sold to whoever wants to pay). But really, smart phones are bad. Even dumb cell phones are bad. And if you care about security you'll use a real computer without a closed, bug-ridden (an maybe even backdoor-ridden) baseband modem that can read/write to your entire user OS RAM. All this bikeshedding about the minor security issues on top is a waste of time. That Signal requires a phone number to use is all you need to know. It's not secure. My everyday solution is pretty simple. I don't carry a computing device with me. If I do carry a cell phone it's turned off. If I'm in my car I use an old thinkpad laptop and my own 900 MHz wireless network using ubiquiti transceivers and a 30ft pole on my house at home with a custom antenna sticking up out of my vehicle's sunroof. The car's kit re-serves this IP link to my home network over wifi to any devices in the vicinity of my car. ie, I park it in front of my friend's house. I have, quite a bit. Luckily a lot of the intel chipsets can be mitigated with me_cleaner. Additionally, they don't have raw network access since they have to go through my network (and firewalls, transparent and edge) before getting access to anything that's not mine. The problem with modem baseband cpu and their insecurity is they are the connection and you literally can't watch or mitigate them. The post's URL actually includes links to the sci rep paper and the full text pdf paper is available from there for free for everyone. No sci-hub needed. http://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-018-28254-8 http://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-018-28254-8.pdf What this kind of statement fails to acknowledge is that not everyone uses the absolute latest version of their browser. And CSS grid is recent. It doesn't take too old of a version to lack support entirely. The image at the top of the page loads fine. But the rest an so encumbered with Javascript to load you literally have to reload the page at least 4 times (to load the JS domain, that loads the JS domain, that loads the JS domain) to see them. I gave up and closed the tab. The solution is not to create more laws which will give the real danger (governments) more power to use their violence. The solution is to simply have everyone host themselves. Even a moderate home broadband connection is more than enough to serve up your personal website. Once you start relying on third parties you've lost. That's their property, not yours. When you claim it is yours and use government violence to enforce your wishes you are doing more damage to society than what you're trying to stop. Some might. But that's where this fight should be fought: keeping internet access as dumb pipe infrastructure. The solid base on which the internet rests. As long as that's true people can always route around censorship in services provided remotely. In terms of implementation notabug.io is a pretty cool (and simple for the user) way to do p2p + federated node discussion boards on the web. It's not perfect but this kind of thing paired with tor for domain resolution and transport could provide a communications platform as long as internet access is still uncensored. All these static site "generators" seem pretty silly. If you're going to make a static site then just make a few template pages by hand in html then copy and edit them to fill with whatever content. It works even better if your webserver has server side includes (SSI) turned on. Then you can make header/footer/sidebar/etc templates and just insert them with a line in the page templates. > https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/sounding-rockets/strong... It explains the temporal heating behavior at some scales. But it doesn't give a mechanism of heating. It could be electron beam target heating. But it could also be mediated by plasma waves. The electron beams need acceleration and the most common suggestion is x-point magnetic reconnection providing up and down voltage gradients due to changing magnetic field. But the amount of electrons needed is unphysically large; the entire electron contents of the relevant volume of the corona. There are plasma wave models that don't require unphysically large parameters. These two (and a couple other) options aren't clarified by the observation of heating profiles. With the launch of Parker Solar Probe and the DKIST (diffraction limited solar telescope) the two models above will finally be testable. Spectroscopy of ion species by DKIST will tell what kind of heating is happening and Solar Probe will be there to measure the input from the corona. All the author had to do with this "appeal" was present the text to be read. Instead they put it on gitlab behind javascript. Literally nothing renders without JS enabled, and even with it enabled in browsers more than a year or two old it's just spins forever: no text. Text is easy guys. Here's my appeal: stop hiding all content behind javascript. It's not required and because if it I am unable to read the author's appeal. It's 6.4 MB. But maybe the URL was changed? Here is a non-computational paywall (ie, you run untrusted code on your computer or you don't get to see) mirror of the article text: https://via.hypothes.is/https://www.bloomberg.com/view/artic... And here's a mirror of just the article raw text: https://pastebin.com/bqBWgDPk The easiest way to keep your apps accessible is not making them web apps. Instead of relying on an entirely redundant abstraction layer/OS built on top of your existing one just write native applications. But if you have to do it in a browsers then at least make it so the actual content (text/images) do not require JS to load and display. You shouldn't advocate for violence against people just because they have different tastes than you. It's usually socially unacceptable or against the rules. Yep. People like cimmanom justify that violence by arguing that if people use shared resources to support their non-optimal health choices they're violating other people's rights indirectly. This is an absurd view but very common. They often don't see it as advocating violence because the government has a monopoly on the use of force. But they really need to ask themselves if the damage done by government violence might very well be greater than the damage done by non-optimal health choices and potential future use of a share resource. Or maybe they're just authoritarians and believe the government owns the people for the greater good. This article is behind a computational* paywall. Paywall articles are against the general spirit of Hacker News. It should be replaced with a mirror of the text or removed. * A computational paywall is one where you have to run arbitrary code from an untrusted source in order to access the content. I did make up the term. Times change and new words are needed to describe new practices. But it isn't the first time I've used it. I've done so 2 or 3 times on HN. Paywalls are against the spirit of HN. They always get switched out with non-paywall sources if possible. The 'web' button unfortunately does not help in this case. The only source is bloomberg. The problem is that those communities chose to use Slack. And now they're locked in to a proprietary protocol controlled by a single company with perverse incentives for censorship. In prior years those communities would've chosen IRC. But nowdays everything has to be pretty hand hold your hand for you (ie, host your images, assume you know nothing of how to participate on the 'net by yourself). It is a zero-sum game. And Slack has done the embrace, they done the extend, and they've started the extinguish (by cutting off IRC bridges). Notabug.io is doing good work in this area. It's a reddit-alike with a distributed architecture. It has federated nodes hosting the website but also the in-browser client distributes posts p2p between nodes in the federation. Additionally, voting is proof of work based. It's the early days now and the lens/filter system for individual users hasn't rolled out yet but the idea and implementation are far ahead of anything else I know about. That's not a big of a deal as you're making it out to be. I can say this because I use bitcoin regularly in commerce. I pay 3 cents equivalent (typical fast fee over the last handful of months) plus maybe 20 cents if I'm silly and use something like coinbase to purchase bitcoin initially. And then my transaction clears in 10-20 minutes instead of a day or two like the banks' ACH network. Bloomberg's use in news keeps falling too. They have set up computational paywalls to prevent people from reading their articles. But for some reason people on HN just keep posting them. It's a weird exception to the no-paywalled article status quo. It's not intel gives up or asian semiconductor companies becoming increasingly competitive. It's just the end of the road. You can park your car a block or two from the end and be just fine. That's what GlobalFoundries is doing. One of the other benefits of bitcoin is that you can use it or send it anywhere. Not just Europe or $otherrestrictedproprietaryregionssystem. Driving a vehicle is the most dangerous thing most people do regularly. Not just to themselves but in terms of potential of hurting or killing others. Software is the most unreliable thing that most people use regularly. Combinging the two is kind of crazy. Especially since no one has even begun to demonstrate a self driving car that can handle inclimate weather (like, say, the 5 months of snow covered pavement for a large part of the USA). That place still exists on the internet. The 90s are alive on Tor. > This situation all but confirms that Slack has well and truly become a investor-first, user-second company. You know how to predict if this will happen? It's pretty easy. It will if the company's product or service is proprietary and centralized. It's just a matter of time. The idea that the cryptocurrency market relies on tether is absurd. Everything follows Bitcoin. Tether is an irrelevant scam. After manned narco subs and towed sub capsules were mitigated by new police efforts drug traffickers experimented with magnetically attached parasite containers on the side of large shipping boats. But they didn't have to move. The problem with modern cmake is that it cannot run on older systems. So if you want to use it you end up either static compiling an incredibly hard and tedious depedency tree or have to use some just released OS. What I want out of a make system isn't bleeding edge features. I want to be able to use it for more than 3 years. All these things only matter if you think of cryptocurrency as a get rich quick speculation scheme. If you care about actually using cryptocurrency and look at actual use then nothing is in the same league as bitcoin. Additionally, even if you're a speculator it's obvious that the price of alt-coins follows bitcoin. Websites are at least supposedly are sandboxed so they are not as much of a risk as running native binaries. But this is getting worse and worse though as browsers expose more and more of their host operating system's functionality. The benefits of using a website instead of a native app are quickly disappearing, while the drawbacks have only been somewhat mitigated. We're getting to the point where browsers are worthy of the decades old criticism Emacs has received. They have eventually become an OS with many fine features - simply lacking a good web browser. It failed at the cover story but succeeded in moving a large amount of people way from cash and so increasing government control and surveillance of transactions. Funny that this discussion, extremely relevant to tech and start-ups, has now been flagged on hacker news. It looks like our town square has a biased censorship problem too. >Hacker News isn't a town square. True enough at it's inception. But a look at the front page will disprove it today. It's just that some perspectives on some topics are more equal than others. >in comments There's no debating that re: comments. But it's not relevant to this topic or my comment about the topic (which is high quality, relevant, and tech). Of course meta comments like these are exactly what are justifiably moderated and removed. You could argue this one was flagged because it might lead to these kind of comment threads, cutting it off before it could start. But it wouldn't start if the flag wasn't confirmed. On systems were you don't need to do this (new enough) it'll work. On systems where you need to do this it will break things. And because it's pip, it'll be incredibly hard to figure out what broke and how to fix it. Part of the reason this happens is people say things like that and don't chose to be the change they want to see in the world. Voat had plenty of friendly, decent spaces run by decent people (and plenty of horrible ones). The difference is that it allowed everything. It was just a place to talk. Not a place that decided what could be talked about. That said, if you're the type of person that cannot stand to see people saying things that you find distasteful then yeah, you better stick to Facebook. Imagine saying this about a native application like it's some special feature. Web 'apps' are terrible in so many ways. Yeah, everything on mobile is terrible. Both web and native. That's why I've chosen to never use smart phones. But using a feed reader on a mobile device is kind of silly anyway. It's not like you can do any serious reading or work on a mobile computer. I have not ever changed my relationship with Facebook. I never even started because it was obvious that a proprietary centralized platform would have perverse incentives for censorship and spying. It's nice that other people are finally waking up to it, but unfortunately their motivation seems to be primarily driven by partisan politics rather than the root problem. True enough. But at the least I get to say "I told you so." for the rest of the year. I put up with so much shit from everyone and everything for not having a facebook account for a decade. Well, the UX had a huge overhaul because Firefox decided that prioritizing grandma's safe experience on Facebook was more important than features. So they removed them. The great extension holocaust. NoScript was big enough to get special attention from Moz but even it is severely gimped now. It also drastically decreases the likelyhood of potential harm from the government's use of violence in it's drug war. This is not an insignificant part of the danger of opioid use. If it's a problem you should stop using both gmail and Chrome. Don't support companies that are anti-user. Thanks fo linking bookmark-archiver here. I liked the sound of reminiscence but unfortunately it requires bleeding edge python and tries to integrate the webserver (and many other things that don't need to be). It's a matter of taste I suppose but I couldn't get it working. bookmark-archiver just works on all my systems, old and new. Sounds like you've made your choice. A bad employer at a job you like is more important than software ethics. No need for my input here. But it is your choice. I didn't mean to come across as "talking shit". I think almost all people (myself included) would prioritize their job over software ethics if forced into that situation. But, what do you use for personal email? To avoid these kinds of issues I've been running my own mailserver for about 5 years. You're not wrong. But it's a step backwards and not forwards. AMP is not any faster to load than the actual site not on google's CDN. The only reason it appears faster in most situations is because google is abusing it's monopoly search position to pre-load and prioritize AMP results. AMP gives google more control and that's why they push it so hard. This plus their quest for hiding and/or getting rid of URLs so they can use AOL-style keywords within their AMP walled garden is multiple steps back. All the way to the late 90s. Well, the article is from 2005. And it wasn't the first to describe increased new neuron survival in the hippocampus from CB1 agonists. But it's always nice to inform those that missed out. Hell, some people still believe in continental drift. Old ideas are persistent.