University has never really been about real world application. The professors and lecturers that i've encountered are really smart people on the cutting edge of thier fields, if they wanted to lecture about these technologies tey would have no issues. University is really about teaching you the principles which rarely change much, then depending on your course building up to more real world situations. Theres no point focusing a whole course around the newest technologies then having someone not have the flexability to adapt to new changes or work in an older area. they could just captcha the poll, it's not like they really need the random votes of people to lazy to fill it out in the first place. seems like ip authentication is useless now because of the amount of proxies avaliable to people. I'm guessing that this wouldn't be competitive in the market at a higher price point? From a personal viewpoint if I was going to pay for a backup service i'd be open to paying more. I guess free alternatives would make that hard to be a competitive business move though? For many startups I don't really see a great advantage to a formal office setup in the in initial phases. In the current climate where funding is had to come by solutions like this make a big difference. Even if it is good enough, the perception of what is good enough is constantly changing. At a point in the past the steam engine was probably considered good enough. I think it would be a dangerous thing for the technology industry to fall into the trap of thinking what we have is good enough and killing innovation. Even if the product is good enough there has to be a driving force to constantly improve. There is lots of possibility for computing that just isn't attainable with current machines. Things that probably weren't even thought of when we were back a stage from where we are now. Seems there were many advocating real estate as a safe investment during boom times. Just goes to show that there is no such thing as a safe, high growth investment. Gauging by my mostly non tech inclined friends list the average person is only interested in quizzes and top5 lists in terms of apps. Still considering giving facebook a try for promotion of the site I'm working on but don't hold high hopes for a lot of traffic coming from it. Any information source as rich and as useful as this would be impossible for the indie iphone developer to obtain for a decent price or free. Apart from social networking based information which would be a very competative market on the iphone already. I think the real money for the indie developer is in casual games. At the time though the things that were happening with the internet were all largely new concepts. New graduates who had been studying heavily web based technologies would have had the advantage over an older person who may have come from a DOS background. These day's although still evolving I would say web based technologies are a lot more stable. Unwritten hacker news law that every coding horror post has to at least get a mention. For someone like myself that hates working with flash but likes JavaScript i'm glad things like this are being made. This is one of the ares which will really pay off from the new wave of browsers competing to create the best JavaScript engine. Unless specifically stated otherwise most major sites would be tracking and storing IP addresses. I have been using the prototype based one. Good to have something like this around if I look to try and standardize everything in JQuery later on. We should see this for what it will most probably be. One step on the path to creating a search engine which understands and computes your question based on the sum of all knowledge on the internet. I think it can rival a structured dataset if it is done correctly. The big advantage that google has, and I know there was a paper they put out about it a couple of months ago, is that they have access to such a large source of data that they can use a great deal of sources to weed out the noise by only using the stuff that appears over many sources. Then you could also assign sources a reliability rating based on how acurite the information they provide is compared with other reliable sources. Kind of like a new pagerank but for data integrety. I'd pay for my hotmail mainly because it's an established mail account that's used everywhere plus I like what they have done with the windows live mail program. I'd probably pay for a lot of other random small sites to if a single micro payment provider got universally supported. 2 javascripts running the same algorithm with slightly different performance might not actually make a large difference in who ends up winning, or you would see lots of draws just because in the alloted time examining a few but not a lot of extra moves and probably no more moves ahead might not help much. There is of course though a fine line between going the extra distance for a client and being taken advantage of/ underpaid. Sounds like more of an indicator to me, so they can go talk to the person if the red flags go off. On there size scale many people would probably slip through the cracks if they just used a regular method of trying to get to know all the employees that work under them. Can't say I've ever had a problem paying a decent amount for a book. Never been a fan of ebooks either. I think we'd be in a lot of trouble if most traditional journalism disappeared, so much blog information is just opinion on news generated by traditional journalism or opinion pieces. While in the web company area that hacker news covers this may not be the case a lot of blogging is. This idea is about as old as google itself. I find the fees for recieveing payments from ebay auctions kinda stupid. Just eBays way of hitting you twice. Wordpress defiantly encrypt there passwords in some unreversable format using a salt. I don't think SSL is really necessary for a community site like the wordpress one. It can also work the other way though, relaxing during senior year could put you in the wrong frame of mind entering college and result it you not putting the effort in there either. Would be interesting to see if someone could use this data to incorporate into an intelligent Google squared/ wolfram alpha type search engine for programming questions. I've found recently that at crunch time on uni work/ freelance work I seem to just omit the having a life part of my day to maintain a similar amount of sleep. Also the sleep moves from say midnight -1 to 10-11 to about 5-6 to 12-2 I find the issue runs in programming as well although less important in day to day life it is certainly an advantage to know whats going on with the programs and websites the average person uses. What I find more frustrating is when people in computer science courses basically dismiss something your explaining to them to be over there heads. Defiantly not anything useful at the moment, even there example searches seemed a bit sketchy. I think it will probably be a company like Google that cracks this problem just because of the sheer data/ processing power you would need available to have a good crack at it, we are a fair way off that though. There is also the aspect of trying to catch up to Google, even if it isn't a great investment they may see it as there last real chance to catch Google. Customers probably wouldn't respond well to another rebranding in future. Theres also the emotional aspect, you'd imagine Steve Ballmer would like nothing more than to take Google down a couple of pegs. I think this seems to be aimed more at countries where the resources for higher learning are absent apart from the very rich. In those cases accreditation wouldn't be very important because the main focus would be on developing skills and the qualifications gained would speak for themselves. Although I think if it is being aimed at the very disadvantaged the fees still seem like they would hold people back. appropriate is really just anything of interest to the HN crowd i'd say. Would take a toll but it sounds like the way he works he could just randomly sleep an extra couple of hours to make up for it. The same would be true of startups that become big companies. For example I'm sure it would be a nightmare at somewhere like Google to make UI changes to the core search listings. I think someone who has worked on both sides would provide a better insight into the problems faced at large corporate companies compared to the startup environment. One of the problems I'm seeing where I go to university is that with budget cut's one of the most effected area's is course preparation. Lecturers aren't getting paid properly to update there courses and as a result are using the same or very similar lecture notes/ assignments and exams for years. Basically meaning that any innovation in the courses is coming out of the lecturers own time. A pattern emerges in that the young, recently graduated lecturers will put the extra effort in to make there subject good and the older ones by and large will just run what they have been running with for many years. Decent idea, in the same way that there is something special about a book over an eBook there is something special about handwritten notes on a big birthday or farewell card which may impact usage of something like this. Looks well done though and the handwriting like fonts may combat this. The point about how obama can claim a victory no matter what the outcome is closely paralleled here in Australia where the government has a 42billion stimulus package including giving nearly the whole population $950. They have claimed that the handouts have been effective in saving jobs despite the trend towards higher unemployment still occurring like America. It's impossible to truly gauge the effects of the handout on the economy. Sounds like the author used to be an avid gamer that has only really skimmed over modern games. Should be a compulsory upgrade, at least from IE6, not exactly like anyones using FF1 anymore, and the only usage I seen of 2 is from some machines at Uni that have had a serious lack of IT staff attention. Hmm, kinda sucks my name got taken minutes in. It would be interesting to know how many of that workforce actually work in engineering type roles. MySpace, being part of news corp, also probably has a large amount of people in traditional media content type roles. I think they have managed that side of the business well, they are certainly better at monetrization than facebook. It's just the state of there platform that lets them down. I wonder how that traffic breakdown would look if they only ever did pieces on actual news relating to twitter instead of pretty much daily news. It also depends if your trying to attempt some collaboration for a short period of time, most people would rather not have to learn a new system for a short/ small project. Everyone has an email and is comfortable with it, it may be hard to convince non tech people that a web collaboration tool is the way to go. There is a lot of upside to them, with time I guess collaboration methods other than email will become common, especially with Google Wave on the way. Reminds me of my AI class assignment last year in CLIPS. I'm guessing there taking the same concepts that have been around for a long time and applying them to a very general setting with a healthy dose of people power to constantly improve it. Now if only everyone was tech savvy we wouldn't have these problems. Microsoft would actually have to make a really good browser rather than leveraging it's near monopoly on the OS to deliver an average browser to the masses. I think thats the most it can ever really hope for without alienating it's users. I don't get why there isn't a twitter feature that allows you to use something like bbcode tags to insert a url and only leave the link name in the message. Sometimes if an application is well designed and built that can be enough. It depends on other things though, such as if the marketplace is crowded or not. Google is an example of something that won out because it was the better application, search wasn't a largely cluttered field though and they were taking a largely new angle on in. If your putting out another social networking app at the moment though it's unlikely to catch on just because it is the better designed app, just look at the troubles something as large and as well backed as friend feed is having. I'm not sure I understand the concept of all these startups with names warping the English language. There has to a be a limit to the amount of data that can be taken from what is provided to improve the effectiveness of the suggestions, I'd say there close to the point in which techniques to make sense of the data have reached there limit. The system can only be effective to a point because of the unpredictability of a user. Would also be interesting to include those that never got close, those that blew large amounts of time and money on bad ideas. Very much a self interest article. As for EA's pricing, there's no rule that says you need to make a profit off every product you put out. It wouldn't surprise me if a big games company made free iPhone versions of there games to drive interest in the console/ PC versions. Just after a general opinion, what would people rate as a fair penalty in this case? If he is genuinely interested in what he is selling you then it shouldn't be to hard to run through the in's and outs of it . What I hate is when I witness sales people in action selling people technology who don't really have a clue what there talking about. My experience with sales people in a retail environment personally is very limited because for most products I much prefer to do my own research on them that believe the person trying to sell it to me. Definitely best to sift through them slowly, get the most out of them. No use hammering through a good book then taking nothing from it at the end. Not a legal expert by any stretch but couldn't a later group of authors challenge who the outcome of the case applied to? If there in no way affiliated with the Authors Guild? Fine line between relevant life tips and some the trash that fills the stupid amount of these books out there. There have been some really insightful posts from people documenting how they have adjusted there own lives to achieve a good work/life balance. Sure, if your building something simple and you find a good area to innovate in. If you making something big though it's going to be a far longer process. He wasn't claiming though that it defiantly pointed to the election being rigged, just pointing out the statistic likelihood based on that method. I know it's not always possible with websites but developing on your own server or locally can reduce this problem. I'm not sure about the circumstances in the article but the customer isn't going to be able to make these demands if they haven't got th product yet. I'm assuming this may need to be done in conjunction with holding the copyright to the end. Probably not if you have a static IP. An interesting idea I just had while reading this, just wondering if anywhere in the world does something like this. What about selling cards that are like game cards are for access to online news where newspapers are currently sold. A lot of the general public would be against having to signup for a subscription to a newspaper online with a credit card or other online payment. I think a lot of papers online to are structured toward a model of drawing people in story by story from places like Google. I a non tech person who still has an interest in a physical newspaper would go for a scratch card activated subscription service to an online paper structured more like a regular newspaper. I don't think the founders would be to concerned, they made there millions. It wouldn't have done much better solo unless they had seriously changed there engineering and removed all the backwards compatability. As far as I'm aware how it works at the moment means that everyone on a shared server would be working from the same cache hence you have security issue. It's possible all the translation would bring would be more offers of free work for more sites that are big. Hope this works out for them, great way to moneterize the platform without having the rely solely on a advertising supported business model. I was wondering the same thing about the book price, it goes against what he is saying because the book is in his idea/ information type category. I think if more of the net unified with a single payments company which was accepted just about everywhere, had low fees and as many ways to transfer money into and out of as possible. A paypal that is even more widely accepted, on such a large scale that it can offer smaller fees and a more wide range of ways to transfer money in and out. This is probably one of the more relevant posts of it's kind though. In the same way they question DEMO's advertising giveaway you could probably question the TechCrunch one. It's just going to be advertising on there site? Unless your aiming your startup purely at the tech community doesn't sound great. Nice article, I know I for one can give these issues little thought when coding at a higher level of abstraction but certainly necessary knowledge for performance critical code. 10 rules everyone who cares has heard before, I guess they would have been unable to capture a section of the corporate market with the beta tags. Obviously a one person web based start up that doesn't pay wages is going to be a lot less risky than a 40 employee business that is buy supplies in advance for each job. Surprised they wouldn't have just paid for it. Got to have lost more than $3500 of ticket sales from this. Yeah, you could learn everything that presentation was about just by caring enough to click there button on the ads. Sounds a lot like all the other press swoopo has got. While on the surface there new offer to allow the bidder to make up the difference for the item on lost bids seems like an improvement, there retail prices seem to be high enough to negate any benefit there is buying online over your local retailer. The thing with HN is that if a website owner cares enough to put the HN submit button they could just as easily sumbit there own article. I guess if the button worked as an upvote/ submit like a digg one it could be useful. Another point, I think no matter which model you pick the best way to manage it is to have it in from the start and stick to it. People may have no problem paying $10 a month for a service, but when that same service was previously free or at least free at there usage level there is going to be a backlash and if you are in an ultra competitive area like this one that could be a big problem. I think it would be best if there was no editing on another persons code snippet. But instead of a fork have it as alternate code under the same title then have some kind of voting to decide the display order. So the main one would come up as it as as a slide down with a link down the bottom that would say something like 2 alternative snippets. They are only keeping a small amount of information (name, type of store, location ect) which links back to the original site I'd imagine? In that sense it is legal. No matter how unlikely life is determined to be, we still have a massive universe to help balance the odds. What if you did have more interesting projects but focused more time on your studies? When your paying large amounts for a college education you want to make the most out of it. Dunno what it's like in the states on free to air but they don't even try and put something decent on in Australia daytime TV wise. I find even if most TV programming is pretty average and dumbed down it's still good to sit down and chill out to when you can't be bothered with anything else. Its also necessary if your a sports fan. Reading this and a lot of other similar pieces makes you wish you were in a position to do something. Really though America's the only nation that could really pull off any real space progress at the moment and even that would be questionable with the current state of the enconamy. Really though with a trillion dollar bailout, imagine the jobs that could be created and the uniting of the people with something like another space race but to mars. I doubt a contest like this is really about the prize for many people. It's an opportunity for people to play around with code and learn. This would be a very nice thing for facebook to add, I usually scroll down to the bottom of the news feed then stop rather than checking further back. It really depends, if the author was worrying about .1 of a second processing time on the back end for each script load you are exactly right. If the server is crashing or only intermittently serving pages because of load there is nothing front end optimization can do about it. I guess sometimes you also have to weigh up just adding some extra hardware to smooth a transition to a new back end, or even to buy some more time with the existing one. Hackers are more likely than investment bankers to come up with a mostly automated agricultural system. So now any website could setup a web worker in the background of pages to massively improve there processing power. Very cool feature though, makes the entry level to distributed processing very low. Cool video, going for the we'll throw a heap of acronyms out to wow the average internet user. Twitter also allows more ability to get distracted than the averages persons email inbox. At least with email everything is directed at you. There is no partial payment plan for those who quit or get fired before day 90 of coding is reached. Wonder what the reason is to load the last payment and underpay on the first 2, more pressure to push to complete the project at the end? Theses win's are especially pointless given that there never going to see the money. I guess they feel that they need to pursue them as a deterrent to the masses. At least most electronics can be made very small, as in they could always develop a backup system from a different contractor if something was important enough. There is a fine line that has to be drawn though, can't let people not buying anything sit there all day in the hope that in the future they will start buying a decent amount. That was the problem they have had though, if they can't make any money then there is little point in their continued development work. winner, me to I think if a 15 year old was put into the position of having to make adult decisions and behave like an adult they would be perfectly capable. It's just that they either don't have the chance or given the option, prefer to cruse through and muck around for as long as possible before being force to get serious. Hackers like me would be interested in what they have done even if it made no significant difference to the end results. I think there main go here is trying to position them self against all the new real time search offerings. Well nothing but I mean it would be interesting, should they happen to go into a technical explanation. Maybe the reason album sales are out of line with singles in growth/ decline because bands are cutting corners and releasing albums with a couple of good songs and a load of average stuff just to get to album size. Given the relative low payoff from making an album these days I think some bands would be better served making new music bit by bit between tours rather than trying to push out an album every year. It usually gets to the point with a good band after about 2 or 3 albums that they don't have time to play everything you want to hear at a concert anyway so slower production of songs isn't an issue in that reguard. Looks very promising, first I have seen of it. Seems to be missing import and export though currently? Web based show! I think it would be interesting if they made a little documentary following around 3 months of YC, commercially though I guess it wouldn't be overly viable, would be great to see though. If sounds like they would need new funds now though, not way off into the future where they could hit profitability. The interest in another round of funding would probably be low for a company that has chewed through a sizable chunk of funding and so far not produced the results they were hoping for. Or more consistent batsmen, there's a reason why where not playing hauritz, he's no good. I don't really think it's a big deal doing something on the cheap for a first project, the experienced gained and the reference to show future clients is worth it. For a company of facebook's size though, I'm sure the chef's hired would be a very small amount of the people hired. It also would come off to employees that they care, they have probably pulled off lucrative hires that they may not have got without the meals they provide. You'd imagine that its just using a very simple minimax algorithm and not stepping a great deal of turns ahead? Can't imagine you could build to many rules into code of that length. Really sucks that they don't seem to be able to get an guidance on whether there app will get through or not before they create it. I'd imagine building an app like this one would be a sizable task, even more so in Google voices case. Most of the 40 hours a week people would probably be people just working full time jobs with no startup on the side. Take any popular site on the internet and at any one time you will be able to find a group of disgruntled users who are going to cease using the site. As long as Facebook's overall direction is up then they don't have a lot to worry about there, there feature set is obviously not for everyone. This is a good point, a lot of the time your unable to discuss technical concepts/ ideas/ research with the people around me the same way you can online with people who have a large depth of knowleadge in the areas that your interested. Meebo have just branched out into embeded chat as well. I think these guys might struggle. The question is though, If I were to take one of these degrees on this website and pass it, how would it compare in a perspective employers mind to a 4 year cs major degree? Another point about online courses, it's would be like working from home as a one man startup. Unless your very driven, have good support around you or know friends doing the online courses as well, it could be a very lonely experience. If mt_rand is really that much better, what is the point of keeping them both? Shouldn't they just make rand map to mt_rand? A more interesting list would be for say ranking countries by there fastest internet available at say under $100 a month. I'd say the US would be very competitive on offerings? Just that the vast majority of the population probably wouldn't want to pay the extra or don't have the option in remote area? I think it is possible that some area's are going about the problem wrong way. With current hardware attempting to simulate the brain as it works I don't think is the viable option. I seem to have the problem also that we are using the thing we are trying to simulate to work out how to simulate it. From our perspective the problem could be almost impossible. It can break down with any service. If you suddenly find yourself not really getting enough sales any more to justify continuing, if you have a subscription cost you can sit back and let things play out with your current users. Otherwise your footing a monthly payment with no return. Also depends on what type of deal your running, people might be more than happy to pay a subscription given that they know the plug won't be randomly pulled on the service depending on future sales. I think it really depends if java is a language you know or java is a language you work with every day. I think it's ok to be rusty on some specific cases until the time comes to use them if you don't use a language all the time. They have to remember not everyones in startups to change the world. I don't think many here would be to upset if all they ended up with a $170 million exit. If there not willing to give NASA more funds there almost better off pulling the plug on the thing and instead giving the money to private space companies, or retaining NASA as a purely research/ robotic exploration company. That's the problem though isn't it, you start off light weight and you continue working, adding more and more new and useful features until you have it all but now have a giant slow bloated system. It depends on how you approach things, I would rate someone that works 14hours a day/ 7 days a week in the same regard as a full time job and working 6hours every night. Devoting all you free time to something, be it with a full time job or not, would get you taken equally as seriously. On the other hand if someone quits their job and settles down into a 6 hour a day routine they may not get taken as seriously. I guess you would just have a new of tech news people and spam the news out to everyone at the same time. With any luck enough of them will invest enough time in it before they would have decided it was a waste of time. If anything the embargo setup was probably stopping stories being written after people didn't trust it to stick. Even the biggest skeptic I'd think would find it hard to still believe that the moon landings could be fake. No problem with an opt in model, or even an op out, but I'm guessing you can't even opt out? Damn he's really struggling. I bet everyone's saying, if only I applied this simple idea of twitter first. Unfortunately most people coming across there website would be none the wiser. Very dumb patent to give, Maybe at the time this was a fairly unique idea, but now it's common place for many many websites. Hopefully taking action against so many companies will indicate to the courts how broad and obvious this idea they have patented is. I think that blogs is something HN could implement, I mean it could take advantage of something like posterous for it. Just to give people who don't really want to run a blog but want to write the occasional long form post on HN. Combined with a low bar to getting noticed and thought of as successful. As many people have said before, you can get reprinted news from everywhere, people will never pay for that kind of news as there will never be a situation where someone doesn't find value distributing in with the advertising model. Investigative journalism and niche long form articles are the way to go, you create an interesting enough website for long form in a niche and people interested in that area will pay (well at least I could justify it). I'm assuming this is just some over 100's world record? The world record appears to be 22 meters according to wikipedia. I propose an alternate theory in which the LHC does destroy the world thereby never allowing time travel to be developed. Hopefully slightly more interesting than farmville. Can't win I guess, the booksellers group is making the same money on more volume with the retailers taking the loss. More worrying is there opposition to the digital book price, if this was to close to a physical book price piracy would reign and they wouldn't get anything. The book industry is lucky in a way because while a illegal download of music is mostly as good as the legal cd, people have a strong affinity with a physical book and getting away from electronic screens to read. For something like this I would prefer if they took a bit more time to flesh out options, as could find a button to remove things like friends adding other people as friends from the live feed. Also this should come with a box up the top with specific help pages written up to explain it all, if people who develop and use web apps every day find it different and confusing, imagine the average facebook user. This book seems to be more of an introduction that promising anyone there going to fully learn a language a week. I think the week in the title implies more about the introduction size. From personal experience using facebook and twitter, facebook is a much richer source of information to be mined, to bad though that facebook is for the most part a closed platform, at least on the level that you get with twitter being able to analyse the stream of tweets or searching all tweets made. Wonder if people have created facebook apps for the sole purpose of getting access to a lot of users data then on sold that access to others? If that's even possible. Something else you could think about in a rating system like this would to instead of using generic faces, you could associate each with a common tea that most tea lovers have tried. The notches kind of do this but theres always the risk of someone rating there first tea 80, then deciding subsequent teas after are better so they need to be rated higher, when the first one should have been more around 60. It's going to be really hard to compete with Google on these offerings as a 3rd party mobile platform provider or a GPS software provider when there main product is up against a quality product given away to improve the overall advertising business. Could play into Google's hands though if they tried to directly compete against windows, they would now have a great angle to convince people why they should make the change to a more open and neutral system. Interesting to note that so many still hand write there drafts on paper. It would be hard as a full time novelist to avoid distraction, I guess for some this is a way of avoiding the distraction of a computer hooked up to the outside world. I don't think he wanted to completely free himself of a modern world, just free himself from money which he has done. Unlike a lot of similar stories you read I don't think he was really trying to prove anything. It's interesting that the article calls into question monetroization because they won't be making a significant amount of money given the team size. Heading towards cash flow positive should always be an aim, I don't get how people think that not charging for something now will magically make the same people want to pay for it later, if anything the pricing structure should be there from the start, let users know that you have some value on offer with your service. In this case the legality of modded consoles to play backup isn't an issue because it sounds like Microsoft have something specific in the Xbox Live TOS to cover all modded consoles. Pretty smart move really, something has to be done to get on top of this before there is no longer a video game industry. I always find it interesting that say if someone asked me to describer every article I read on HN in a day I wouldn't be able to but if conversations with friends come up where each of them were relevant I'm usually able to describe there point of view and information and detail. Also it's similar with studying, I will go through the material and write all the key points down. I won't actually read them again, unless I forget something relevant later in study. I find in the exam when I'm given a relevant question I have near perfect recall on what I've studied no matter how large the amount of knowledge that I've gone through in a couple of days. I'd focus on strong inbuilt support for band pages and giving bands all the features they want. Bands are one of the last pieces of the puzzle, they still appear to me much more active on myspace. I'd probably give bands the ability to within limitations customize there page layout, as in they may have to keep the same box structure but can add additional graphics and background. Also taking this route if successful would greatly help integrating a music business, possibly even acquiring a company like spotify or similar to complement. I had this problem with quiet a few of the questions, but the end result (INTJ) seems to fit well to me when reading the description. This could just be that I haven't read the other descriptions and am bending it to fit to myself subconsciously though. Wonder if there is much in this book different to The Google Story, sounds like another rehash of the same story. I always thought the 4 weeks compulsory time off in Australia (same as UK I guess) was on the low side. I mean if you don't get some time every year to sit back, take a holiday and enjoy what are you working for? I guess there is a big difference between doing a job you love and being stuck in something to. A site could start blocking certain IPs and user agents as well if need be to prevent being indexed, I'm sure there's was for crawlers to get around it but a site could certainly make it hard to index there content. With chrome now Google has a vested interest in pushing the benefits of JavaScript in web applications, then telling IE users that chrome will improve performance. It seems to be more about the detailed and correct answer voted up the most that you find from searching something on Google, for that it works really well, not being part of the community there I don't care about that other 10 half assed replies for badges/points Probably because in their new roles they won't be able to give Etherpad the attention it deserves? Seems like Google was after the talent/ underlying tech more than the full product itself. Don't really know anything about the app store but maybe there should be some sort of listing by rating of people that have paid for it? It seems a bit stupid that to see more copies you need to have a high volume to crack into a best selling list. If ever they could monetize it would be with firehose, not something I think it's really worth giving away for free. I guess it would be a good way to get some interest in a new service, thinking of it similar to a HN review my app post which you can keep at the top for more than a couple of hours. I can't imagine making a great return selling something directly on there unless you product was so cool that a regular post would have had nearly the same effect. I'd say a lot to Jeff, not only is it a popular blog standing alone and probably generates a decent income but it's also very important to him for cross promotion. Defiantly Javascript, pretty much any web developer these days will be making at least some use of Javascript these days and if not like PHP you will end up dealing with things that do. MX is a little light on content is shifted a long way towards gossip rather than news. Still it's a good size for some light reading while catching transport home. I think they do have a fairly healthy business model going forward though. Sounds like a better role though, not necessarily pushing Microsoft products. Couldn't the government require that money collected from UK residents go to a UK company? The taking a picture task to could be though of as fun and something different compared to a lot of the jobs on there. So in this case someones motivation might not having anything to do with the dollar on offer. You could argue though that having a table like wp_usermeta can actually be more confusing that having explicit tables for things. I guess it's all a trade off, personally when hacking away at it I'm not a big fan of how wordpress is laid out internally but I do have to say it's a lot better than something like Joomla I would go as far to say any results page which is the result of an in site search should be removed, rarely if ever have I found any value from these pages through google. It really depends on downtime, if it was more than say an hour a lot of people would probably buy elsewhere, small amount of downtime you wouldn't think would effect sales though. And from the article it doesn't sound to be the case. It's the same thing that happens with programming languages. Two bored sysadmins could play from the command line Bigpond ain't to bad now if your willing to pay a premium, 30mbps and 100gb download on cable for $140 If something doesn't interest people here it shouldn't get many up votes and not really be seen, obviously for an article to be sitting up the top it must interest a fair section of the community. Well removing is actually making the social graph better as most of the people removed aren't people that should have been closely connected to the user. One problem is though I guess that there is no set way in which people decide where to cut off there graph. Some people will have friends of friends that they met one and work colleagues just because they work in the same building whereas others may limit to close friends and family. The dropbox comment sounds a little cheap. Making $12k and going out of your way to avoid paying $10 for a quality app? I think with the market you would be aiming for you would want to make this as simple to use as possible. I'd ditch even really making much mention of CRON and make a solid and easy to use UI for setting up the tasks. Your really aiming for the crowd that uses basic shared hosting so the simpler the better with the web service taking a back seat. As a business model possibly you could make viewing the results of jobs and stats visible on the website only for people that use the UI to create. People setting up through an API are less likely going to be able to be monetized anyway. Actually it would be good if a resubmission includes the previous submissions comments. There is a small amount of value here in that you and your friends can discuss good deals but you may not feel compelled to take up an offer until a friend that reckons it's a good deal actually does themselves. Apart from that there isn't a lot of value to the user. I've thought about various implementations of this to do with affiliate marketing, but I wouldn't go as far as to link accounts, the value there would more like the people that have brought this item also brought type thing we see today. I'd imagine at the top level being able to see say the 20 best moves ahead would regularly occur similarly as predicted by the player and if things deviate it could be there there advantage anyway. Have you thought about the economics of having a program where people earn money from allowing use of there processing power vs paying for it regularly/ having your own processing power. Even if it was barely worth it for the user after factoring in electricity costs the novelty factor might attract people. Looks about like what you'd imagine for something probably mostly guided by non technology types, they are trying to be a content site similar to myspace. I think for a site like this your much more likely to be successful if you can be the only network people use. Most users of a site like this would probably still have say a facebook. A myspace with good tech would have achieved this. This comes up a lot for me with programming, so many different languages, platforms and APIs are flying past us here on HN as well as languages that have been around for a long time. So many times I see a cool new API and say that would be great to have a play around with if I had the time. As a society we put a lot of effort at the moment into incremental improvement rather than completely new innovation. When TV, Cars, Computers, The Internet were invented they were all breaking new ground in innovation because they were big areas that helped with life. Now I think more smart people look at the way things are and can't see as many obvious things missing, so instead choose to incrementally improve what we have, either that or the goal is very ambitious and puts people off attempting, such as manned spaceflight beyond low earth orbit and a cure for cancer ect A logical extension here would be some kind of app where you could specify certain events happening in say a certain radius of you depending on the event or just events in general and get a real time window open if something that you have specified has happened and starts updating. Wouldn't even have to know about an even initially then to search, even though this isn't an issue with an earthquake you feel yourself. For me, not that I use netflix, the 28 days doesn't seem like that big of a deal to me. If I really want to see a new release it will be in the cinema which is a much better viewing experience unless you happen to have an expensive home theater, if I didn't see something while I was at the cinema your already waiting a couple of months, I just couldn't see to many situations where I have no interest in the movie at the cinema but could wait the extra 28 days. I don't know if this increases piracy because most of the time you will be able to get a DVD quality download before it's even been released to rent and buy. Luckily we have good dating techniques to avoid this :) Id assume that it's not going to be faster for all uses, maybe it means faster than C for a problem that can leverage concurrency well. Yes, sure you are performing these tasks but your not really concentrating properly on any of them. It's like when my housemate plays WoW and watches a show at the same time, I question the point, your not really playing the game properly and your not really getting the whole show. I do this at work when I find myself with code opened, but also HN, facebook, MSN, and maybe an ecommerce site, it mostly is during the bug fixing/ finishing stage where it's hard to make much quick progress on things. Given the prices listed of comparable products if they deliver more value than there competition they should be charging at in the same range. If your app gets the job done better than visio for a company why shouldn't they pay you a comparable amount? Well there trying to say that they have a better feature set than a product that's worth over $200 but the average price there getting is $5, it's just devaluing the product. I'd have to say it would probably be really awkward if people could see what pages I clicked through to on something like facebook and when. The other one is at work, sometimes explaining why I have something set up the way I do and how I'm using it is awkward. It makes a lot of sense for a site of facebook's size to do away with most of the dynamic language coded stuff on the backend. In terms of identity, this is facebook, I'm sure they could work out what employee it was (if it was an employee) without the office visit details. Most of us doing business through email though don't have a developer that didn't bother to check 50 emails that you have sent, that seems kind of weird. I had the Telstra 60GB plan up until they upgraded them about a month ago, because of the excess usage charge you would have to try and stop a safe distance from your cap, never getting the full 60GB, it would also lag behind on updating, although not as much, up to about 12 hours I think. They also have a tendency to list some of your usage on the next day when it was used before midnight. Really annoying when your using your plan up on the last day, then some of that gets transferred to the next month. If Google were to put a link on there front page which kept using a different key as an argument to link to the post would they block the whole of Google to? I'd kind of disagree in terms of people that are working on there start up only which is profitable yet. Never knew levenshtein was in there, just wrote my own function for it when I needed it. There are definatly a lot more people now, stuff of limited interest can pull 100 or more upvotes, I guess a better way to compare would be upvotes / active users. The graph should only count things that have reached at least 50 karma, or even maybe 100 recently. I doubt they meant to do that, I'm was sitting there thinking wow they want people to pay for this and they make mistakes like that that I never usually see from bloggers. Well if you are a single person looking for a co-founder, getting a business person straight up means that your still solely responsible for getting a product out, I guess either you are doing something you can manage, can afford to outsource some code, or you want a co-founder who can help. I would have sold, at any time twitter could basically undermine his business, actually the more successful it becomes the more likely twitter would be to integrate it. Their probably was a very basic internet infrastructure to begin with, based on the graph you can pretty much conclude that internet pretty much doesn't exist there right now. I think mars is one of those places where if we ever want to get there we will have to come up with a first mission that doesn't pass current safety standards. I think it's such a big undertaking that to plan for all circumstances wouldn't allow the mission to happen for a long time. Thing's like no rescue if something went wrong and only accounting for one launch window back to earth, I've always hated this attempted separating of the roles of programmer and software engineer. You are taking people best suited to programming and giving them the job of creating a specification which is then given to lower paid code monkeys proficient in Java to churn it out. I'd kind of cheapens the craft when people look at it in this way, my AI lecturer last year was describing the different roles in creating an AI system and saying that that the job you want is a knowledge engineer is the position you want and the programmer is just a nobody who translates it all into code. The question is, are there no women because they have problems getting into it because of male domination or are they in general just not interested? Only way that will work is if you require everyone to make an account, which won't do wonders for traffic. Maybe only showing the start of articles without an account would be the only way to prevent people getting around it. Seems useless to if you can just Google search an article and see it anyway. Their worlds apart though, enterprise would be bringing in a lot of the money on Office, they'd want something they can roll out and only periodically patch, they want something they can rely upon from day one. Chrome is a free product that already achieves it's main aims, if chrome was a $200 browser or something I'd imagine it would have to conform to the big release idea to. Gotta love his defense, given the collection of names he has seems like a decently crafted lie. This may be because there are more comments on each submission so your comment may be glanced over instead of being read properly like it would be if there were only a few comments on something. The comment system is usually very good but for things like the Google/China post it is very hard to come back a few hours later and see what's new because of how things are ordered, I'm sure there would have been a lot of valid points in that thread which didn't get upvotes. I'd say that would be one feature useful here, I don't think it would over complicate the simplicity of things. Maybe it could be factored into the display order so things that are new since you last looked at a submission move to the top. Yeah saw some code yesterday it's a wonder a browser accepts It's stupid how a browser will parse just about anything. mmm bad example then, also according to the spec it's valid to have a without a or related tag, didn't know that Does anyone else have the same problem as me in this area? I am more than happy to pay for things, I just find it very hard to justify paying for some things that don't give any benefit over a one that I can get for free. So if they were to find a way to totally stamp out piracy or make it as likely to get punished for as taking goods from a store I'd be happy to pay for everything. A good example is things like the WSJ, sure I probably don't read them enough to pay anyway, but the fact that you can just Google search things to not pay means that I would never see the value in paying. I think when you feel that you are paying to support the content producer rather than to acquire the content something is wrong. With a VHS you had to fast forward the ads and still be somewhat exposed to them, I think now TV networks are more worried by the fact you can easily skip them all together. Well he does have a very large interest in the success of technologies still being a large shareholder. I prefer websites to use silverlight over flash, I think you like silverlight a lot more after using it, even if it is exactly very web friendly. I have been thinking that a subscription model could work if you got enough big name papers to go behind a common pay wall and remove themselves from Google. Really unless there was enough to put a dent in the quality of news you get by using Google's aggregater then it wouldn't work. A simple common system though that gave access to many publications content with a single payment could be the only thing convenient enough to work, I guess the payments could work in a similar vein to cable TV packages. Problem is though if your already losing money, increasing your quality is initially going to send you bankrupt even sooner. Turning around your readership numbers I'd imagine would be a slow process over many years. The pay isn't exactly the most important thing though, in software development I think you can get away with paying market rates and pitching at incentives. So think I'd rather work at a company that gave a top of the line machine to develop on, used a good development stack, had a good working environment with plenty of space, had talented coworkers and interesting projects to work on. I'd certainly take a pay cut for that instead of working in a cramped space on an old workstation at a megacorp pushing out some small part of a massive product. More in a general way, being a uni student I've just noticed that the only real workplace I've worked at in development is kind of lacking in quality development systems, comparing it to freelance developing on a decent system at home you realize how much more productive you can be on a decent system. If he can launch something successful in a couple of days of coding well good luck to him, unfortunately that's not the case for most startups, unless your going for a minimum viable product that in most spaces isn't going to attract more than some feedback. Wouldn't this be similar to what Google does, large amounts of average CPU's? For that matter I request Google be taken down for being to much like altavista I find for me if I have a more interesting class that one that I don't really like or just don't get initially I won't go to. Last year we also had a group project which you could end up spending near unlimited time on, got a little unhealthy but I'd pretty much written up the whole core of it and was pretty happy with it so I kept pouring all my time into it. Also had an operating systems (mainly concurrency/compilers/memory management) which I loved and really aced. Also had a class on probability which was the first time I've had probability taken past the basic stuff you learn in general maths. Didn't get it well at first so it got next to none of my attention, didn't end up doing the homeworks which contributed to the end mark, crammed for it but still just failed. Hoping I find it more interesting this year. I also know plenty of people who are skipping because they either have no idea what they want to are to lazy to achieve what they want. College is such an easy life if you don't need to work to much to support yourself, many are happy just staying where they are and are fairly unconcerned about failing things. I hate this, the other example is using lectures a good 10 years old that they inherited from a previous lecturer. Lectures from a book are terrible, they present a little bit of everything and nothing really substantial because there just a big book condensed down into some key sentances. The lectures who have taken the time to write their own lectures always have more interesting lectures worth going to. Could always do it off geoip, for example in php: $loc=geoip_record_by_name($_SERVER['REMOTE_ADDR']); if($loc['country_code'] == 'au') { // echo out js } Yeah no doubt, hoping to get my head around it better this year. No you didn't lose any money on them, but it does go a way to validate that persons activity as a social norm. If I can afford a game but my housemate can't and pirates it. I may then decide that I may as well do it to and save my money for something else. I don't see how this differs from a physical good in this way, say I don't like your price so I'm just going to take it can be applied to anything. I think if piracy was completely stamped out people may be willing to pay a price point that they previously wouldn't have. I do like the idea of the PHP documentation style comments, high quality reviewed comments that add to the text. Maybe the answer is open text books. Schools most of the time, especially in K-12 wouldn't think about writing there own text book, but the combined power of teachers all over the world could surely produce texts that are far better than what we have today and I think a lot of teachers would contribute if it was just some pages here and there on things they were passionate about and the school sponsored them. Sure you could still do limited publishing runs of this resource for people who would rather have a physical copy but it would mainly live online. This is why I pretty much always go for the cheapest brands. Electronics get replaced so often that it's not the end of the world if your Chinese import bluray player turns out to be sub standard. Little bit of a coincidence as I was just reading his Coders At Work interview today. Good read. I'd say it may pay to develop a game which works really well with the iPad size. May cash in on the initial rush when everyone gets one and wants a good app to see the advantages of the bigger screen. Probably why a lot of the world doesn't like the game, I don't mind it every once in a while but certainly don't follow it. Random question, they can pass more than once right? If so why don't they? There's no way around the symbols being filtered out? I run into this all the time to, always assumed there would be a way around but never bothered to look into it. For me a drive wouldn't help a lot, unless I guess you live in a quiet area. I prefer walking where I don't have to devote any thought to avoiding other cars and following road rules. I can only see this setting things back, mainly because of all the talent, methods and previous effort already gone into constellation. It's probably good in the long run though to work towards privatizing it all, it seems so political the way it is now, it seems like the support for the program comes more from certain states making tax dollars off the program rather than a real thirst to explore the unknown. Maybe it's more that this is normal and the web has been surprisingly open in the past. Of course big companies are going to try and use their advantages to try and sway people to their platform or ideas. I find freelancing perfect around uni, sure most of the downfalls are valid but what other job could I do that got me more experience in the field while being able to navigate around changing uni commitments. Also depending on how demanding your clients are you can afford to have a slow week where you don't get much done if you don't really need the money, then ramp it up again when things aren't so busy in your life. Could always just extend the current jobs board for YC companies. I think the community would be effective in up voting real opportunities and flagging spam. Sounds pretty good being in Melbourne myself and not really being regularly surrounded by people really interested in start ups. Should be there if other plans don't get in the way. Yeah I have found that, stumbled across quiet a few things I knew nothing about, looked them up and learned even more in the process. They should cut military spending and focus more on nuclear type weapons, sure they will no longer have the same power in tactical ground warfare but it would be basically saying, sure you may be able to out maneuver us now but we can defiantly blow you off the face of the earth if you try. Guess my message was taken the wrong way? I'm not advocating nuclear weapons but rather scaling back military spending and using them as a deterrent to other countries so that the current US defense force size doesn't need to be maintained. PHP is "easy" because anyone can grab some code snippets, rewrite some mysql_query's and have a terrible little my first dynamic website doing in a couple of hours. Developing something on a large scale or even developing something of a normal size while maintaining good programming techniques and structure can be difficult. I think for people looking for outsourcing to it probably comes down to price, on average it's going to be cheaper to get get some php that works that get some python that works. Just look at rentacoder and the like, most of those people don't care how it's written or think about how much trouble the code base could give them in the future as long as it get's done and works. It would have been a great freedom for the devs, at a company of facebook's size it wouldn't have been disastrous had they not really achieved a great enough performance boost to justify it's use. Well me either, but just by some of the random bid invites you get sent you can see that's what a lot of people are going for. What I was thinking, worrying giving that I'll probably be doing a fair bit of work in language processing this year. It is refreshing to see a city being realistic about their budget problems. From what I have read a lot of other American cities seem to just be digging themselves a bigger hole. If your offering news that is being reported by 2000 other sources and your not a big player then you are really asking for problems. The problem I see with Google news is that a long thoughtful, drawn out opinion/ investigation piece gets lumped into the same pile as paragraph summaries in the 2000 sources. What needs to happen, and I think the best way to approach this is a combination of software and community, is that the straight news piece i split from the further investigation and opinion pieces and the best quality piece rises to the top. I've also though about the possibility of making money from ads on a news aggregation site and then passing part of the profit onto sources based on the clickthroughs they generate, so basically it would be another incentive for content producers to produce better content. The apple price would factor in the constant innovation they bring, if this were to stop then I'd imagine they would lose a lot of value. I think the app store would still be a big thing because it would still be the easiest distribution channel. Even if there was good flash support, there would still be the issue of developers trying to extract revenue from there apps. The app stores give people easy access and instills a quick impulse buy mentality which would be hard for someone developing for the iphone independent of the app store to achieve. Performance for some graphics intensive apps I'd imagine would never be as good just because no matter how efficient flash becomes it would still be an extra layer things are being ran on. Given professional workplace without a dress code/ uniform it is interesting to see the large variation in what people decide to wear. From shit pants and nice shoes down to t-shirt shorts and runners. Possibly if the app is really good this kind of advertising could generate a lot of word of mouth buzz around the app. Aggregation itself doesn't necessarily create value, but depending on what is done with the aggregation can create much value. Google news is a good example, no one could really say that having all that article discovery and grouping was providing no value. Google scholar provides no content by itself but is very useful. It wouldn't really surprise me if a lot of the people freelancing in PHP wouldn't know enough about the interpreter so see any advantage in compiled code. It's the same criticism people have had with wave really "I log in, nothing much is happening, it's boring" Wouldn't facebook be pretty much the same if all your friends weren't posting? What would be very interesting would be a book based on one YC group, from profiling all the companies and people, to following the experience and how ideas and people change over the time. From those benchmarks though it seems it would only be really effective with HipHop in a high CPU usage environment. There is always the chance that they aren't trying to attract customers but give themselves the best opportunity to win patent cases by actively pursuing their patent? myspace also had lock in. I think for some people they have opposed so many UI updates on facebook that they no longer remember which UI they considered good. There is a significant portion of twitter though who probably would see value here, seems to make sense for a lot of the tech stuff on twitter. Your right about facebook though, it doesn't seem the kind of thing that will pull in the less tech inclined. Although some people would have said that about facebook, with it's plain unchanging layout compared to all the things people could do on myspace. At the same time though he says that he is obsessively monitoring every aspect of the business. Possibly these people liked their idea enough and though they could make a lot more going it alone, now they like the idea of Google support in perusing continuing to peruse their idea. Just a guess really, but what they are doing now make be considerably more exciting than what they were doing at Google previously. I think this number also depends on the bound on markets that can be monetized, when you see the scale that some startups need to achieve to become profitable their is only really room for a finite number of successful startups in any one market space. Arguably the best place for that though is a startup where your first employee with a large stake? There's no doubt there would be many very interesting positions at Google, but I'd imagine there would also be some very boring positions for developers straight out of college. A better model would be for the organizers to take a 20% stake and let participants sell their stake to each other if they want out I guess, the numbers involved from 48 hours work wouldn't be big I'd imagine. In this case novices which assume it is the all powerful magic bar which they can type anything into and it will take them where they want to go. Depends what virtual good your paying for, more content in a game I'm spending a lot of time playing would be worth it, although I don't see myself liking any of the flash app games on that level. Google ads can be useful from time to time, random ads not really, I think most of the random ads I click on are non purchase interesting looking things or ads for physical stores I know because they have a decent deal in the ad. It does seem like the mentality that if it was a HN/YC startup it would be frowned upon but since its mega media corp is ok. There can only be so many minimalist apps, some startups have to aim a little bit higher than the low hanging fruit where it isn't so much about good marketing and a clean intuitive layout. For these people I don't think a long time programming is procrastination but rather a necessity. Also if you have money tucked away to survive in some cases it would be better to sit back, re factor, add/ improve features until you have something your really confident about spreading it around widely. There is a lot of talk about release early, but for smaller unknowns you may only get one chance to make a good initial impression. I would say the same, a lot of the uni I've done, especially the straight computer science stuff has been basic looks which I picked up before I took the classes online. There are though benefits in that these classes kind of force you to take a slower and more in depth look at some things and you end up learning the area better. I know with my operating systems class, I already knew a lot of the basics about how it all worked, but taking the focus to learn it well taught be quiet a bit I think. How Hard would it before for them to come out with some sort of container that fits into a normal hard drive bay that these can be slotted into and sata would be plugged into a similar place to it is for a normal hard disk drive. One issue here is though, if you really want to be a doctor, you need this education, you can't just start as an assistant/ secretary or hospital cleaner and work your way up. Whereas say a career as a programmer, there are plenty of back doors and ways to learn and move up without having to get the formal education. There's still the reason to get that education but I can honestly say if I don't end up making back the difference on what I spent on it during my working lifetime it won't worry me at all. I have an issue with this kind of thing, the kind of elitism in some fields. Say someone getting education to become a doctor, after their years of study it seems that they come out on an initial low wage and an you should be glad were going you a chance kind of attitude. Correct me if I'm wrong, it's just the perception I have seemed to get about some fields from things I have read. Very true, it depends on your product though. If your getting a lot of your business through things like adwords/search and occasional articles/ recommendations your exactly right. Although if your developing something big the first impression is going to mean a lot. Take something like Google Buzz (admittedly even bigger than the range I'm advocating it for), I think that kind of first impression, where the service is all over the tech media and being talked about in social media, the first impression is going to mean quiet a lot in terms of future adoption. Another example, Age of Conan, great game idea, early execution was off and it set them on a path where they were never really going to get back to initial subscription numbers no matter how much effort they put into the game. I think we also have to much demand for housing in Australia to have a really bursting of the bubble. IN recent year immigration has kept demand up. There is also the artificial raising of the value of new estates by only allowing small new allotments at a time to be sub divided to become new suburban areas. I could imagine you could create a book focused around start ups just by extracting the wisdom of the best responses on HN. So much collective knowledge here from smart and accomplished people. If in this theory though one person was able to make all the worlds food, they would would in turn employ the people so they would have something to give back for the food, it would be in the single food producers interest to put as many people to work as possible. I got the impression that Joel just wants to give the big risk venture with a big payoff for success a go. As he says Fog Creek is build the safe slow constant growth way and he always has that to fall back on. So by your logic, if they cut the code base in half, took out everything that made it just work. We would then have something that easily looks twice as complex and this would be twice as awesome? Not to mention it used to work a lot better to, more recent versions have been complicated resource hogs which don't just work with LAN gaming. This is true, otherwise why would the first thing taught be Java? (what happens at my uni). The ordering that follows seems to much more promote churning out a Java/C++ programmer who knows how to use and create detailed UML documentation. You don't do any assembly or VHDL type close to the metal stuff unless your doing a 4 year degree that incorporates EE classes. There is a class called computer systems architecture that's in 3rd year I think. I've seen people in this class just not get it, so in a sense they have been learning to program for years in an abstract way and don't have a clue what the computer does with their program. Thankfully there isn't to much .NET which I feel would be even more of a specialization than java, especially if it were VB.NET Hmm, I had the same problem with those fast food/ supermarket customer service jobs in my teens. Got to the point where I was like well I wouldn't want one of these jobs even if they came after me. I kinda find it funny now that I probably still wouldn't be able to get one of these lowly paid casual service positions. I have a mate who takes uni the same way, clearly smart enough to pass programing classes easy judging by what he's done programming for fun, but just doesn't seem to care or apply himself enough assuming it will be really easy. I'd say so, we get a bit of lisp in AI and some C systems programming later which are done right, with more focus on the concept than the language. It's just the initial Java classes which place a lot of emphasis on the language rather than the concepts. I still usually type what I want into google followed by wiki to get the relevant Wikipedia entry first. Google is also better at finding the page you want that Wikipedia itself, such as if you type in The Simpsons wiki, but you really want the episode list page, it will be the second result indented under the main page. It may not really save to much time, but if a tech guy like myself does it that way, average internet users would probably be even more inclined to. Individual people don't need to be on the internet but if the internet as a whole were to disappear society would crumble. No one is saying that the 80's were a dark age but things we could previously manage without the internet have now become totally dependent on the internet and more and more things are every day. Surprisingly enough the US isn't the only country in the world :P Makes me think back to the american airlines incident when the designer was like I have 6 on my own designs lying around which will never see the light of day. Corporate bureaucracy was part of the reason they got into the mess they are in, and with the recent CEO resignation this shows little signs of being changed. Myspace's strength is the bands which use it, that's what they should be focusing on, the social networking side if it is largely dead. There has to be a demand aspect in the price because otherwise it wouldn't at all be economic to sell aged wine. Scarcity becomes a big thing once there are only a handful of bottles of something left. The question is though, is what is coming out of those bottles any better than the stuff you can buy cheaply? Being a predominantly beer and bourbon drinker though I can't answer that. A problem I see in a big company with judging people on their output rather than closely monitoring their hours is that if you do have an employee that is only doing say 2 hours work a day but is getting as much done as some of the people putting in 8 you want to identify them and give them adequate compensation so that you get the full time out of them and as a consequence get more done. I think flexible work hours are great in a motivated group with clear goals but they could be costly if you have an unmotivated group doing it for the paycheck. If this completely keeps out all piracy then it's a good move on their part. I think though if the game does manage to get cracked their should be some kind of update that removes it, it's unfair for pirates to get a better game play experience than paying customers. Without going in depth this looks like very impressive honors thesis work compared with some of the other work I have seen. There is always the stuff that goes the other way though like how Seti@Home does FFT's which is computationally expensive and benefits from a distributed system but the file size is quiet small. I don't know what vacancy rates are like over there but here in Melbourne they are very low. There is some real trash being pushed for around that $1380 figure here and they still have plenty of people turning up. Going down to the $1000 figure that you can find a few very average houses in very average areas for and you have over 50 groups turning up to inspect. I've been to a few of those and though, just one of these people has to be a full time 2 income couple and we have already lost being students in casual/freelance work. Yeah, the problem I see with direct hiring is that a lot of the work entrepreneurs do is about creating efficiencies which remove these people from the workforce. Mechanical Turk would be a good counter example but I don't think anyone in the US could realistically make a living from it. Maybe the answer is a start up that aims on giving these people a new skill set, which allows them to do something that is fairly procedural but something that can't be automated. Some of the jobs we find boring and monotonous may seem new and exciting to people just moving into tech. Government insures that account is kept around with crazy regulation that complicates the entire thing. A simple tax system which could be done by anyone online because of simplification of the tax system would create an enormous efficiency gain. Having done a little bit of work in plumbing with my dad I'd have to say that the home service type plumbing isn't getting automated anytime soon. But the manufacturing based plumbing such as installing plumbing into caravans I can see eventually getting automated. I guess this is a good way to weed out people as well? Depending on the type of company you are, you probably don't want someone who has never written any stuff they can show you at all. I always noticed the awkward goodbye, in other people, not so much myself because of lack of phone conversations really. But it seems people have to make an excuse for every time there hanging up rather than just saying im going to go now bye or something. The issue I see here though is that people will pay a lot of money if they think that they can get really high value out of your videos, such as you claiming to have a short cut to millions. Andrews videos are useful but they aren't your short cut to millions, start ups are still going to be a lot of work and a big gamble no matter how much wisdom you have gained from people on the subject. It really depends on your financial situation, if your successful then yes, if your a student just getting by it's more like well if you must get me something I have really been wanting..... The coffee machine has to be an exception to this, The appliance that just keeps on giving. I look at this another way, if I'm sitting at a cafe with someone else, usually a newspaper will stimulate conversation by commenting on articles. Laptops on the other hand encourage communication with people not actually in the cafe, lowing interaction at the cafe. Maybe a better middle ground was banning laptop use on a weekend beyond the quick checking of email, part of this would involve not allowing laptops to be plugged in. Agree with this, I think their would be more people that regretted not doing a start up straight out of uni than their would be people in start ups regretting not going into work. If you don't have a great deal yet you have everything to gain and little to lose. Wouldn't be surprised if cricinfo made a big offer for that domain at some point. Where do you pull the scorecard data from? You can also see it conceivably helping with a start up idea that pushes the boundaries, something that requires you to do years of research to pull off well is probably going to be a bigger gap in the start up market that something that just does something in a crowded market slightly better and more efficiently. The question is though would they make up the difference on the volume, it really depends on the game. Games with the latest graphics and massive game worlds that take years to make do need to sell at a certain price to turn a decent profit. Selling everything around $30 would probably mean games would have to make do with smaller development budgets. I think there is also the point of trying to restrict what the card receiver can buy. Most people when giving a gift card do it so hopefully the person buys something that is a gift like a dvd rather than food/rent/alcohol ect Problem is journalists looking for a stable income from a high quality operation won't jump on this because it's unproven but to prove this concept you need these quality journalists. An area like this probably requires a large initial investment to give journalists who do join some job security while the site looks to build up readership. As far as addictions go it is one of the more positive ones. I think it's great that I can sit here and get excited about spending 12 hours of a day doing thesis work or programming. How much of the comments do you read? I find it hard to believe you would have the time for so many posts and peoples opinion on them. Problem is for a lot of power users and developers, the people that will be the hardest to convert to using IE, the existing addons for firefox and now chrome would mean that they probably wouldn't bother. Probably right, the long Microsoft release cycles may work for OS's and Office but makes it very hard from them to stay at the cusp of browser technology with the fast moving constantly releasing competition. Sounds similar to rm2k around 2000-2004. The language idea's sound similar and it was all ui based programming where you selected commands off menus rather than click them. Part of the challenge though was overcoming the engine limitations as you could only display 20 pictures at a time but you were able to use sprites as images and change the sprite being displayed. The opposite here, very few cinemas have reserved seating, certainly though this would present a reason to buy your ticket in advance online for a popular new movie. I don't mind say 2 or 3 trailers of movies somewhat relevant to the one your seeing. Frequently though you get hit with a lot more than that and ones that the crowd for the movie your seeing would generally have little interest in. The suspect thing I see about this is that it doesn't link back to Mixergy at all or even mention that it is summarizing another websites content. Seems to step a little bit over fair use if it's an unauthorized site. Ahh ok, that's fine then. They do it with youtube, the big banding ads near the top of the main page usually. Could easily do the same thing with news, they do have an image to preserve though that anything coming off the google.com domain be highly targeted. I'm like this, basically frustrating to someone who is standing next to me when I'm trying to fix a problem or just being the one at the keyboard at work or something. Have a tenancy to dive in and click through skimming dialogs, most of the time it works just fine. I'd imagine with building into such a space on the back of apples success you'd be expecting some competition for the big players. I think it's one of those things where if they pushed it to far and really broke it they wouldn't have the resources to fix it. It's such a long term project already that it is wise to take every precaution. I don't think were at the point where you must know technology well to live a good standard of life. We are heading that way but at the moment it seems you can still do everything you need to get by the old way, you can still write a check out or pay a bill at the post office, you can still get a printed version of things like the yellow pages. I think in the future when the only way possible to do a lot of the basics is through the internet then the people left behind will really have problems. Defiantly, this was the comment I was going to make, when I interned recently I got thrown onto bit part stuff and learning for quiet a period of time before the project I was meant to do was organized. Not only does this get less out of the intern it also lowers motivation and makes you feel like your project isn't important at all. I'd say from that picture that area is about 4 people to crowded than would be comfortable at all. It's weird that in the context of outsourcing people are outraged at setups like that but in the context of interns it's fine. People feel more comfortable giving out simple work in something like PHP to cheaper countries which in some cases can come back to bite you with more complex stuff as a decent size C++ project can be. You get what you pay for, just in terms of what the freelancer perceives to be decent money. Paying someone from a cheaper country $5 an hour will probably give the same kind of hacky late rush job that giving someone local $10 an hour. As far as I have read in the past they don't have a set quota and will assess each team being interviewed on it's own merits when deciding whether to fund it. Maybe there making a play on high end storage requirements knowing they can't compete on price/ speed at the smaller end of the market. A lot of the manual labor is taken out though, if my factory is pushing out same 10,000 units of something a day with 25 employees mostly keeping a close eye on the equipment, the other 200 assemblers I would have hired before advances in technology are still out in the cold. It's also a bit of a worry from the sellers perspective that they can't afford to get even one bad review. I guess this has come about because all the sellers are trying to hard to prevent negative reviews that even one puts you back compared to others. On a related note the threads page seems to load very slowly now. I guess because it would place heavy load on the DB grabbing all your comments from different threads. True, depends what the product is though, for some things like the basics, milk and bread, I'm perfectly happy with the home brand version given the price difference. It's interesting though because Microsoft would have to lose probably hundreds of these cases before they would be in support of removing software patents given the amount that they have. The handgun can be used for perfectly legal purposes, if a program they have written only serves the purpose of doing something illegal I'd imagine it's a different story. If a handgun manufacturer made a custom weapon with the discussed intent of using it for a specific illegal purpose would they not be liable? Doing an internship that was required for completion of my course I got $10 an hour, it was good experience and over a full time week was enough to get me by while I did it. There is a big difference though for most people in receiving about $400 to reviving $0 in terms of getting by. You could justify it if you were going to come away with a lot of new skills but to be honest here it looks like their looking for someone who already has the skills required to do a lot of hard work. Not everyone would be able to do this though. Working more than part time I'd feel that I couldn't put enough time into my education. I know some people are better at quickly being able to switch tasks and work effectively in short blocks but not all. The long term trend is about the company. It seems worrying that the best solution to a more efficient and cost effective system they come up with involves spending a lot more money now. Looking at American policies from an outside perspective, it seems the government is unwilling to be the one that will actually suggest that maybe the answer to many current budget problems is to spend less. Mmm, a better quiz would be how much do you read hacker news and include answering questions about a heap of the bigger threads. In the year and a half(lurked for quiet a while) I have read this site it's always had the kind of interesting stuff your saying that it shouldn't. I have found most of the time that something that interests the HN community usually interests me, maybe that is just because my interests align with the site really well but I certainly wouldn't want this to change in favor of a few narrow areas. I think HN promotes having a broad knowledge in a lot of different areas rather than reading about the same stuff all day. I guess it's about having an image to keep up. 37signals has been built on these kind of posts, their business advice should include being a business guru. I doubt their brand would be as successful without these posts. While I understand why they have to do this, I hate those types of names. I don't think you could ever have an amount of money you couldn't do anything with. Even if you had $100 billion, as Bill Gates shows their is plenty you can do with it. I think I would head down the spaceX path if I even became mega rich. If government no longer wish to fund space exploration it would be great to take up that role and push humanity forward. You could never have enough money with a pursuit like this. Another benefit is that you miss the peak hour commute, pretty sure Melbourne at some point promoted alternate work hours to ease the congestion. Our rail network is free if you arrive before 7am. I understand the need for many workplace to have close to standard hours but freedom to alter hours given your day should be a must. Where I did my internship had people arrive from 8-10ish and leave 4-6 and was very generous about people being able to come in late or leave early if they had something to do on the day. Same, I've never been more consistently tired as I was in high school, even though at times since then I have ran similar hours. I think there is a tenancy for the hacker type to be a night owl, maybe it has something to do with the ability to be able to do work at any hour and the relative peace you get at night. I'd imagine though that once trained this person will derive more value than someone on minimum wage though, assuming that you would pay someone at least 10 times minimum wage. Although they could also spend most of their time learning and not return even minimum wage value, I guess it's a trade off. Especially in this situation I think, when you are somewhat motivated to click the link by title. I'd hope hacker news readers at least have the patience to scroll down if they don't get instant content gratification. And how is this justified, does the companies brand and support structure really outpace the value that consultant is creating by a factor of 20 or 30? Depends if your doing something with comsci classes in it to. There has never been a time I couldn't get a computer at uni but if you didn't do comsci classes you can't get into those labs and the library has a lot but usually all being used around peak times. Really good book for people that haven't followed everything they have said though. I've followed some of the stuff that has made it to HN over time so I recognized a bit but it is really well put together into book form. They follow their advice of cutting back the idea's to the essentials although I would have liked them to go a bit more in depth, you could easily have whole chapters on some of the good concepts. I think the article skims over a little bit at the end the cost of developing software in this way. For the vast majority of non critical systems there really isn't much value in this methodology. Given budget constraints and the level of safety required in something like the shuttle I think they have lived up to realistic aspirations. Even if this doesn't generate a lot of sales by itself, it will get the product out there and exposed to more people so it's a good move that way. Defiantly a lot of people out their which would find the product really useful that wouldn't have heard of it. Once technology catches up to the Avatar level in the home, coupled with ever increasing bandwidth downloading, the same people which pirate their movies now will go back to the same thing. I think movies do to an extent go the other way, with higher production costs leading to the epic blockbuster perception the public gets which drive them to the cinemas. As long as the big budget is spent wisely on a great concept. Innovations such as the Red camera technology and mostly green screen filming continue to drive down TV costs for those using this tech. For example I'd imagine Sanctuary is a better investment for SYFY at the moment over Stargate Universe even with low ratings just because it's production costs would be so much lower for similar effect. It seems like there is an element of this being a means to an end, I don't think they really want everyone to use this. Rather widen what researchers in their field can work on and persuade the companies that make this software to include solid UI research down the track. On a semi related note, Jeff Jarvis book What would Google do? put me off pretty much anything else he ever had to say in about 2 or 3 chapters. I see this as a problem for startups to get traction in the future if there continue to be these early product shut-down exits. What wants to go use a marginally better product when the is always the chance it will disappear into one of the bigger options at any time. Not being in a position to judge this specific instance, I'd think in general you are better off showing some power, saying no to a deal, maybe entering into a partnership instead that keeps the focus on your product. Full of buzz words and repeated points using the word Google about 5 times a page. It seemed like he'd landed a big book contract, which he described in the book despite claiming old style media was dead, then come up with the specifics of the book later. Problem is though that I doubt there would be much chatter that far out for a method like this to be overly useful. Chatter is usually the result of advertising with movies so being able to use it to predict things like what kind of advertising spend to use would be hard. Even without practical information it is still a good demonstration of the type of information that can be extracted from twitter that would have been very hard previously online. I think it terms of sentiment, the IMDB average rating can be a great way of capturing that easily. I'd imagine the sentiment detected would highly correlate with that rating. If it is from public profiles though it doesn't matter, you could just go break privacy already by visiting a persons public profile. It is refreshing to see someone post their idea outright at the earliest stage. Most people would be far to worried that their idea would be ripped off by someone before they have started which would rarely ever be the case. Really depends where you live, in some places it's not really practical to get around everywhere you need to go without a car, either that or it takes a large amount of time longer. For example my girlfriends would take about 2 hours to get to with a combination of trains and a walk yet takes me about 20 minutes to drive. Wonder if there are many people like me here, I mainly read non fiction, stuff about business, the world and statups and programming ect, a lot of the stuff featured on here but in longer format. I read the occasional fiction but because of my limited reading time and my reading speed not a lot, I can certainly appreciate well written text and love a good story but I find myself having zero interest in reading a lot of the classics of literature. Everything seems easy until you get down into the specific implementation details. I guess it depends where you are at in life to, as you said in your blog post in some areas of non fiction you have reached the point where it give you little value to read more on the subject. I watch quiet a few TV shows, a well written TV production can give you a similar feeling to a well written novel without the time investment. Certainly not arguing that a TV show is a better form than a novel, just a good substitute in which a great story can unfold over time and only take up 45 minutes of your week. Also, if your product can be used by a customer in a way that they can see a direct dollar value stemming from it's usage don't be afraid to charge an amount proportional to that dollar value. Even a very simple product may be worth $100 a month to someone if they can directly see $500 being added to the bottom line with it's use. Sometimes these types of products cheapen themselves by selling for proportional low prices. I guess when they have direct gain, ie- people accessing facebook profiles through google searches, they are more than happy for this to occur. You could then claim that the lawsuit is against the wrong person or would they argue that the original scraper was in the right and the secondary person was in the wrong? Things like this always make me worry about the patience levels of some people. One thing they will need is an open device for their custom software. I think the iPad's play is individuals and other similar open device might capture the speciality business use cases. I think they have hit the long tale of firefox browser adoption, people that don't care much what browser they use. I'd ask what your product is but someone who created an account an hour ago and pulled out some unsubstantiated large figures probably won't give specifics. Sure certain products can pull in stupidly large revenues, but this is an example of a person with limited time applying a small amount of time to a niche and being nicely profitable. See I actually much prefer having big intellectual conversations with people when I'm drinking, including things like politics. Much better than the "dude I'm so wasted" type conversations. From the sounds of it, it sounded like a pretty high up person? If it were everyone allowed to why would they be so concerned about the one persons copy, wouldn't there be a lot of copies? If the mangers can't stand working with someone their going to favour another person who they like to work with and fits their mood and culture. Even if the other person is a better candidate for the position, we don't work in a bubble, the relationships between people are going to play a part. There would be workplaces which work the other way, where people abstaining from alcoholic fueled after work events look more favourable. I thought the SMS problem was that the phone carriers apply higher fees to them? Problem is with the app store is that a number of developers could reject these changes and decide to develop elsewhere, but instead of improving the situation on other platforms it would probably just be that the remaining app store developers would be now getting a bigger piece of the pie. I think there is an incentive for developers to turn a blind eye to some of the more crazy apple app store policies because if people leave it benefits them and there is no viable alternative at the moment for someone wanting to make a living selling mobile applications. Of course you would, there is nothing wrong the feature in itself and even if the applications compiled with it get rejected it will still cause a headache and put apple under pressure to change their decision. Sounds a bit like adwords, keep well in line otherwise we reserve the right to destroy your business. I find the experience idea their very arbitrary, so no experience from when your in school counted and 1 year no matter how many years in a "menial" position. It kinda implies that while in school you couldn't have possibly picked up any experience that would define you above someone who has a year of industry experience. I doubt it would have come out in this state if it were still the CrunchPad, Arrington and co aren't stupid, they would have known they are onto a loser in this current state judging by the reviews. Maybe some of his success can actually be attributed to taking it a little easier, it does say in the article he used to train a lot harder and was held back by little injuries. This seems to happen in a lot of sports, once people get the chance to get over all the little niggling injuries performance really improves. Well if someone decided putting all there eggs in the easy to implement Twitter feature basket they are asking for trouble. I wouldn't assume there was any feature that just worked around the Twitter API only that Twitter might not implement themselves at some point. Well it's not really like anyone will be running these sites independent of Joel, Jeff and co. So really this is just a mostly automated method of spinning off the software and getting a vibrant community at launch like SO had rather than stabbing in the dark at what people actually want. I think it may be the format the result is presented in. It acts as if it can give the world then gives very little. If they were upfront about the level it is at by making the design more about listing pieces of information rather than trying to assume they all mesh together nicely they may get better reviews. No doubt it's a huge problem area, been researching around areas that would be involved in this like clustering and summarization, Google Squared attempts to be less ambitious and still feels very incomplete and they probably have some very smart people and the backing of the most complete index of the internet and probably the most computational power afforded to any work in the area. This goes back to the idea that once someone gets to a certain level they can't write code any more. It can be argued that writing the code is just as important as some of the other CEO tasks. It's the nature of web applications, for common applications at any one time there will be someone who are prepared to be offering a free service or at least a freemium one. I guess at some point Grouply will look to monetize their platform and someone else will step in and offer a free service. No harm in giving people options, in a perfect world people should be able to easily move in between platforms. I know for a long time the better forum software have offered converters. How many companies got AIG to insure there junk mortgages though fully expecting them to default? Wouldn't exactly call them blameless. Well myspace has always been in the business of cashing in, I doubt they factor in a long term profitability when they decide that this is the optimal amount of ads on a page. Easy to combat this though, a HN ad would just be a sponsored thread, although people can eventually ignore this given the time that HN has ran ad free, if there really was a need for an ad they could be really picky about only advertising things that the community would be interested in. You would have to think farmville would have a high churn rate to, I played it casually for about a month before I realised there was little point continuing. Even some of the most dedicated amongst my friends eventually stopped after a few months. If anything the achievements in the game seemed to keep people coming back, even though some of them were just arbitrary large numbers of things done. I don't think it is really a fun game at all which makes me think how successful a similar game would be if someone got the fun factor right, something like a civ for facebook or something. Wouldn't it be a lot easier for Google to build a JS parser, and just examine the requests and follow it through as a normal browser would? Nothing like a only x% of you can write this to get programmers frantically posting code fragments. Affiliate Marketing can deliver excellent value to both the affiliate and the merchant in some cases. A merchant only has to pay when they make a sale and are being sent more business than they otherwise would and the affiliate is making money from their marketing and web application skills without having a large initial outlay and all the other areas you need to deal with being a merchant. Of course the stuff you hear the most about is usually the scams people are trying to pull to make a quick buck. From a quick look the facebook app comes off as intrusive which is a bit different for a YC company, you can't even look at it without giving them access to your email address, then while clicking through products it will pop-up with refer a friend and post to wall. There are quiet a few of these sites around now that give you a small list of deals and presumably buy these items in bulk. Unless all the products are in a niche it would be pretty rare that much that I wanted would crop up, other people could be different I suppose. Seeding good conversation on your blog? Not a chance. The idea of buying comments ain't bad though if all you want to do is give the impression of activity on a site. Weird that this is news now, given the amount of time it's been in print. If I recall this was the same case with guido having to do the python test. No they have a better one (connect). Actually given the stated time span, I think this would have been an occasional side project. Well if you want to be a startup loyal to your employees you wouldn't back yourself into this kind of corner in the first place, if I was applying for a job at a startup like you mentioned I wouldn't expect much job security and expect to be compensated accordingly. There is also the situation of someone that wants to code and not be a manger, if they continue to receive interesting projects, are rewarded with pay rises accordingly, I wouldn't say that these people have no ambition, even though they are not really moving up into management ranks. Well an unrealistic timeline, if your idea is solid enough you shouldn't have to promise the world in a couple of months to get VC backing. There is the slowly building up a startup or leveraging big VC money in an all or nothing approach, one which you don't take if your goal is employee loyalty. Similarly to the author I don't use any frameworks, well except JQuery for front end and XTemplate for templates. Main reason being when I'm a lone developer I prefer having stuff I'm comfortable with and understand back to front. I'm sure I could get this from a good framework that doesn't have a lot of linking between parts but I'll admit I haven't put a lot of time in to try and find this. The more I learn about PHP internals the less confidence I have in the language. The main things holding me to the language is comfortableness with the syntax- been using it for years can code very quickly in it, understand a lot of the functions and extensions I would want to use normally and a good feel for what will run fast and what won't. The being said I would like to learn a ruby/python like language when I get the chance, I have previously done web stuff in .NET and Java but much prefer PHP over those for my uses. It depends, PHP does have the reputation for being the language of choice for low paid outsource quality jobs. Knowing it well can land you a lot more but I think you'd be on the right track with saying enterprise type Java/ c# stuff would on average get you more. Sounded like it, the FAQ mentioned it ships with a prepaid return, still it does feel a little expensive. Off the top of my head I'm not sure but I guess Facebook is unable to use javascript inside an iframe to determine the current url? What about when the like button is clicked, no way to confirm the url? Dropbox are charging more for additional space that competitors that also have to have the physical disk space. So I'd image that margin for premium accounts would be higher, they can justify this due to the easy of use and simplicity of their product. Those accounts don't come with trusted real world connections. I'd imagine playing it right people buying these accounts would get really high conversion rates on offers they try and push through them, given that people are likely to trust friends with accounts that have been used properly before and aren't just accounts with 5000 random friends that don't actually know the person (there seems to be a market for those as well). As a user of adwords I always feel bad clicking on an sponsored link in Google knowing I'm not going to buy anything. I think to work a facebook ad can't be trying to directly see something. Providing a link to a game or a fan page or anything the person wants to do I think would be the way to succeed. I've seen figures before for a direct sell type campaign, they were horrible, the cpc was a lot higher than the usual long tail adwords stuff and the ctr was a lot lower. I think if nothing else brand advertisers and facebook app advertisers would keep them going, I can see how it would be cheaper continuing to shove something like coke in our faces on facebook than TV ads. Since when have web platforms ever not been moving targets? It's a pretty simple equation really, if people see enough value with being part of the twitter platform they will update their code, if not, well twitter of decided that it doesn't bother them to lose those people by making this change. Well they think that because that is meant to be their role, it's not their fault that industry at some point imposed a lot of artificial degree barriers so people that don't want to be at university need to be there to stand a chance. I think in software dev the trend is going the right way, you see a lot of degree helpful but not required. There is a lot of benefit in the degree but there are many paths to a goal and they should be objectively compared in hiring. Maybe the answer is more aggressive pruning, I don't know what it's like in America but in Australia someone can probably spend 5 or 6 years barely trying before they would get kicked out. Yes these are generally useless, sure we can make a forum in 1kb but why? I can appreciate an elegant piece of code that shows a much better way to preform a task but lets make something really simple and see how small we can do it is pointless. Doesn't look like it, a quick Google search reveals discussion on it from 2008. Interesting that because of the amount of people doing startups on HN the average income is probably actually quiet low. Whereas I'd imagine to earning potential of the HN community would be high if everyone got the jobs they could get if they didn't want to start their own venture. I'd expect that facebook would be prepared to lose some well informed and privacy conscious techies in the decisions they have made. The general public consensus seems to be that they either don't care about privacy or don't care enough at this stage to outweigh the benefits of using the social network all their friends are on. I don't mind personally, my account is all public and I never post anything that I wouldn't be comfortable with anyone seeing. I guess I mainly use it to see what others are up to and posting and engage that more than I put my whole life on there. That is true, the network effects make it a more complicated equation though, using Firefox didn't mean that you can no longer use certain aspects of the web. I guess it has to do with a critical mass of people, first enough trying your product that it's visible that facebook is no longer the one stop shop for all your friends data (I guess this is what Twitter is, although it's not so much a general purpose social network). Then eventually you need to get to the point where enough users are on board to make it a better use of a persons time to communicate through the new network without losing to much value. Once you hit this point there is no coming back as has been shown with myspace. I guess a parallel could be drawn with IE - FF there, once a user has been converted to FF and decide it is better IE faces a monumental task to get them back, something they may never achieve, always appearing to be one step behind with a heap of non standards syntax for good measure. Having it in firefox and chrome would encourage a lot more development around it. As it stands I don't think people would want to invest to much past experimentation in taking advantage of a feature that is only present in chrome. Well they are listing every problem that factors into the decision. I think it is about control more than just the bottom line, Apple don't have control of design decisions that are made in Flash, its much more in their interests to push people towards the app store and to a lesser extent open web technologies where they get to set direction. Still, even if they probably won't get sued they would always have it hanging over their heads. Making an investment in technologies which even have a small chance of causing legal trouble at some point in the future could be a bad bet for them. To give themselves the option? Having a high install base could prove to be useful down the track. I think silverlight helps the developer more than the end user. I don't see it as something really necessary for its graphics/ multimedia functionality. More so for allowing a .NET developer a better model for making a ajax based web app. And of course for .NET desktop ports. It is a nice fit for enterprise internal applications, it's an easy sell to upgrade systems written in .NET/ VB6. True, it depends on the service your offering though, in a case like this the right thing would be to ensure (baring bankruptcy) that the streaming will be available long term, or be more upfront with people that it is limited. While it is true there is the offer you can't refuse type deal I'm not a fan of some founders who you hear a lot about their big plans and the quality of the product or service they are providing, you get interested in purchasing and the next second they are gone. While Jeff's issues with CSS are valid ones, the post feels like a lot of his, "here is a little bit about a few things both nothing really deep or helpful, click my ads now?". I guess it's a bit like his business partner Joel quitting blogging, hasn't got a great deal left to say. And now the network effects on facebook are way stronger than they ever were on myspace, they would have to really screw up privacy(a lot more than they have) to lose to another network in the foreseeable future because I don't think they would lose on engineering given the team they have assembled. My guess is that VigLink maintains 100's of affiliate accounts, so it would take a lot time to get the same coverage in house. I think there is a big difference between trying to restart their civilisation and cloning one. Sure morally it would probably be the wrong thing to do, but there would be a lot to learn from doing it. I guess it's a fine moral line, if they're considered humans then people probably be against it but the past has shown animals are another class altogether with cloning research. This should just be let go. It would be different if someone downloaded something like a terabyte over and then wanted the bill cancelled, in that case they are obviously trying to game the system. A stupidly large cost that can reasonably be put down to a mistake should always be removed on the first discretion, at which point the customer service representative should make sure the customer knows the rules and mark it down that they have been explained to. It's not like anyone would ever knowing pay such an outrageous rate for internet. While were at it, text messages work out to be something like a million dollars a gigabyte of transfer (at least in Australia I don't know if the US is still so backwards). Now you would think the marginal cost on each text message would be so small that they would just throw them in for free as a deal sweetener? Unless I don't know something about the costly way they are sent? I'm guessing it's just so much of a cash cow for carriers. I should be able to determine something similar to this in a few years time from RescueTime, with the added bonus of how long I wasted on certain activities. One of the comments to the blog post mentioned that if you have good word of mouth you don't need to worry about these strategies. I don't think this is true, of course there have been notable exceptions but in general unless you have reached the household name status of Microsoft, Apple, Google ect there is always an untapped market out there of people that would gladly be customers of your product if only they knew about it. Even with the big companies still not everyone knows that about all their products that they may be interested in. The question is, if a transaction does go sour who foots the replacement bill, if it is irreplaceable what happens then? Seems like there would be an accountability problem, in a big shipping company the drive would lose there job taking anything, to much risk for them, here if someone takes something what would be the repercussions? So your trying to say quality scifi is an unsustainable business model? If your targeting the long tail on Google then those click through rates are terrible in comparison. I guess it depends what your advertising, facebook are always going to be lower because people aren't generally looking for anything. Thankfully I cleaned out the cans last night hiding my current lit survey due soon crazy caffeine addiction. Still running windows xp, nothing special. http://www.robryancoding.com/03052010049.jpg By in comparison I'm more comparing say having 20,000 long tail keywords with having a facebook ad driving people either to one landing page or some key landing pages. It depends on your business, if you can create ads in this long tail way then search will easily return a better ctr, if your are sending people to a small bunch of landing pages from a small group of keywords the result will be a lot closer. I think the Internet will do a lot to lessen the effect of this when it does happen. People who can work from home probably will, when it costs a quarter to half your days wage just to make it to work it will offset any benefit you get by having a team in the same building. Also online distribution, things like books might become prohibitively expensive in the physical form and drive everyone to ebooks, all creative products really. True, without any specific knowledge I would guess that power online services would still be more economical than revering back to an offline business model. Sure the costs will go up but freighting costs will go up more. The majority of those game anyway which attempt to appeal to the lost common denominator. I'm talking about it terms of actually playing them, not the developers side of things. I understand why they would want to reach the biggest market possible. What would be useful, not that I have looked into this to much to know that it isn't possible. Would be to group the time spent on HN with the time spent on anything linked from HN. It's hard to know how much time I spend on HN/HN articles. Great tool though, RescueTime and DropBox are the two ycombinator companies which I could instantly see a use for in my everyday work. Your almost better off writing a book than running a subscriptions based service, easier for people to justify than a collection of articles. Other problem is though, A380's cost a lot but probably get built at a decent rate. If someone had say caused a software bug in say new horizons, that could mean no pluto mission for a decade if not longer. So no loss of life but certainly a big loss. So the alternative is unions which empower the opposite form of abuse? It seems that a balance is the problem, one is always stronger than the other. Why wouldn't they support this? With their share of the browser market constantly decreasing do they really want a large amount of websites taking advantage of the canvas in the future throwing up a not compatible with IE and links to download another browser? Especially in the case of Avatar, did anyone really watch a cam and thought of it as a substitute for seeing it at the cinemas? On the scale of Google I wonder if that little bit of added complexity lower overall click through on the ads. Wonder why they don't also stretch the search out across the page like their top bar is, when you have 1920 pixels across it seems cramped. Certainly not, sure not all layouts can easily scale, but I think Google could afford to maintain a few different widths. I realise from my own web design and development experience that this is easier said than done but on their scale and the problems that they deal with I don't think it's to unreasonable. I don't really like though how we justify piracy by saying people wouldn't have brought it anyway. Isn't that how our economy works? You either have the money for something and you buy it or you don't have to money so you don't get it. If someone exchanges 3 hours of pay for a game how is it fair for them that the guy sitting at home doing nothing gets it for nothing and it goes down to he wouldn't have been able to afford it anyway. The special thing is basically not being able to legally view shows when they first air overseas. Services like itunes are forced to put geo restrictions on things because of the local rights holders I'd imagine. Regularly these shows could air months later, if there intermittently within a few weeks the TV networks seem pretty impressed with themselves. There have been times in the past where I have attempted to pay for shows and this restriction prevented me. It's great right now, big budget productions for free. What happens though when enough people creating the content can't make the economic model work no more? I think the result will be drastically lower budgets to the point where someone can make a dollar selling the content for a dollar or putting ads around/before it online. It's just a matter of whether we can accept that, it may be a good thing? The budget models for movies right now does seem to be a bit out of whack. If effective DRM could be developed that didn't make life worse for the buyer I'd support it. Anything less though (everything we have currently) and DRM is an issue. I agree, I'm sure there are lazy seasoned developers that love programming more than anything. People that are likely to get distracted by new stuff and their own projects. Regardless of skill level there are people that work well from home and others that don't. Great idea, would be useful at uni for me because for some reason a lot of the time they have seemed to installed a latex specific editor, recommended latex, but not installed the compiler. Yeah can second this, managed to hang the browser after zooming in then trying to scroll on the latex based paper in FF 3.6, was a little slow, also in full screen seems to slightly hang at the page boundary. Doesn't that go back to the roots of a lot of computer software privacy, keygens? The worrying thing is this isn't the first time I've though about the irony of getting distracted from what I'm doing by reading an article on distraction. I'd be surprised if someone really wanted my IP they couldn't get it just by getting me to visit something off facebook. Yeah this happens now, pages get a list of relevant status updates down the bottom, sometimes not so relevant. Almost seems like this should be restricted to people who like the page to keep it relevant. Also I wonder if there going to do anything about page fragmentation, they create a page for the exact way you typed something in, even though there is a more relevant page with different word formatting. Facebook could always hire their own team to build games, and give them priority placement as some kind of special class of application all over the site. Then launch facebook credits with these games and give more perceived value with some kind of half price credits on these games deal. It's true that discovery can be a problem. It's interesting though to tackle it by trying to emulate TV, the thing that that online video has been trying to move away from as a selling point. I think the key is something that will start by having the option to air everything you do on it on facebook also. People would be more open to change if it meant they could still keep up with both in the interim. I know when facebook was just starting out with people I know that a lot were happy to post actively on both, same with Twitter/facebook now. Long term I don't think people really want to but when something is new definatly. The other issue is monetising the new site, your selling points are also your ones which make being advertising supported hard, I think the aim would be to keep lean unlike the monolithic structure facebook has today. Getting an IQ test also informs the child that their "gifted", meaning that they are less likely to put in the same effort later on as their peers assuming that their superior intellect will get them across the line. Sure there are problems with the education system, but whatever path you take I think you need to show some intelligence in knowing what you need to do to achieve what you want. If you do want a degree, follow the rules of the degree, it may not be the best education, but it's what you want. If you don't, well great go that way. Sometimes you have to work within the limitations of the system to get to your goal. Needing a degree as a tick off prerequisite for some jobs is of course another problem entirely. Well everyone knows this is coming, even without the code. It would be news if facebook wasn't pursuing location based features. Does it have anything to do with betting on the browser they can probably influence more in the future rather than one they essentially have no control of? The central server would just contain a reference to your data. Your data would remain on your own hosting or a 3rd party of your choosing and updates you post will only be pushed to your friends. That's how I'm getting the general idea. One thing that could be done would be to go back to a -8 points limit for down votes which may reinforce better what are really bad comments. At the moment a comment with an unpopular stance that is decently written can go -4 along with plain stupid comments that would normally get down voted a lot more. I doubt others with good idea's could do the same thing though. It's this particular idea, the facebook replacement, which interests so many people right now. Actually reading this I wonder why facebook gave applications the ability to collect email addresses easily? Lowers platform lock in as someone like Zynga if they do move away from facebook can just use the email to keep the user base they have acquired. I think I'd fall into the impulsive group, have a desktop/ laptop/ netbook/ decentish phone but still could see myself buying the ipad if I had a bit more money currently. I don't think they really need to wow people on release, the ipad already had plenty of information out there beforehand. Everyone has a fair idea of what to expect from the next iphone, no one is going to be overly surprised that there moving towards the A4 for new mobile devices. This seems to be quiet common when mainstream media reports astronomy stories. You have no obligation to them though, most are donating small amounts of money to support while knowing the realistically the dream may never become a reality. I would say there written on interest, some startups that are going well probably aren't as interesting as this. Mainstream press has always been about what will draw the interest of the most readers, everyone knows facebook and anyone reading tech at all would have heard about the privacy concerns of late. Defiantly, imagine how many young talented engineers that have ended up at places like Google, Apple and facebook they could have got for that amount. It's kind of like how myspace, just because there is this so called middle America that still loves yahoo today, doesn't mean that they will be there much longer if yahoo stands relatively still. Probably won't worry Bartz who can just jump off the sinking ship at some point with a massive amount of savings. Interesting the you mention that some courses will only sometimes be challenging. When I did Algorithms and Data Structures, the assignment was all about applying them to get the fastest execution time on quiet complex set of data that had an inner loop inside each data point to optimise. Completing it the worse way possible, ie setting up arrays and traversing them linearly would give you an execution time in the hours. It really took experimenting with different versions of most of the structures and algorithms taught to get the best execution result. This years assignment that my brother is doing, seems that to get the fastest execution given the stuff taught in the class it's just a matter of using one hash table and a couple of numerically indexed lookup arrays. So the people doing it this year will get nowhere near as much out the assignment. Depends if you have also used other languages, I mainly code in PHP, but also have experience in other languages. I would say though you would develop a stack of bad habits if PHP was first and only language someone used. Given a one hour overview though there has to be some of this. No time for the history of cryptography and the pros and cons of all the methods employed. It seems he wanted the audience to take away some key points that if without any other knowledge should prevent the majority of attacks. I think we have all had situations where we would have forgotten something if not for someone calling us back as we left or holding onto it and giving it back next time. It's hard to believe that these guys thought it a good idea to make a couple of thousand dealing with something a company has literally billions invested in the product line. Better idea would be to inform people somehow that they are running insecure wireless. I'm sure the vast majority of people have no idea there doing so and these days probably getting their internet leached by neighbours. I would think army of loyal followers would factor into it. If this guy makes something the people will come. Whether you can monetise this traffic though is another question. One thing for me I guess would be phone calls, pretty much don't like phone calls unless it's from a small select group of people or is something that would take many messages to resolve. Which kind of puts me at odds with those who like to call no matter what over messaging. It's just those formalities of phone call that put me off, unless your close to a person focusing just on the question you have can come off as rude. Far from it, amazing complexity in how certain parts of the page load and certain page changes are coming through ajax. Very much a web app, probably as complex as any web app out there. To be fair I don't think they were out to raise so much attention, just enough money that they could actually spend there summer on this vs needing alternate employment. They could turn money down but at this stage they already have the attention and that money could fund years of an open source project instead of having to worry about supporting themselves later to if things work out. Isn't this almost what DDG is avoiding? That would just violate the less spam and ads point. Unless you kept it to say one ad per search term or something. Seems she was only willing to let him do these things once she thought she may lose him. Why couldn't he do these things at any time if that's what he really wanted. I think for a lot of people it's more about getting the best value for money than actually needing the better CPU. Yes there are people that actually need a mobile machine with that extra power but for most uses cases it's perfectly fine. I just brought one of the new 13inch mbp's, for development I can't really say it's any less responsive than the i7 machines I use at uni. Make's it easier for your competition to position themselves to. In this case it's such a niche market that most people wouldn't mind releasing financials. Other things though, I think there is a big advantage to keeping the competition guessing. I'd assume this is slightly sensationalist? As in not all species of fish and areas are fished simply because of depth, remoteness and species unsuitable for eating. Say he kept them, apple tanked and he lost everything, now that would have been dumb. I think if we did cause our own extinction we would take most species with us beforehand. This seems to be a good example for the idea of setting your prices at the right level from very early on. Much better to err on the expensive side then drop them later than significant rises like these. Or initially offer a special deal so people know it will eventually cost more. Similar thing happens when going from freemium/ indirect revenue to charging. There was a big backlash when invision board did that, even though they could say there product was as good as the paid competition (Vbulletin). They had built a lot of their success on the back of a free product.