I'd love a feature like this that I could use with pypy. I don't need 100ms billing resolution, but 1s or 1m would be nice. Does "unified virtual memory and pointer-passing for dedicated GPU" suggest some kind of cooperative paging between the CPU and GPU? But it's not as if the GPU could just fault in pages that it needs on demand, right? It would be really nice if curl took the content-type and results from isatty(STDOUT_FILENO) into consideration when deciding whether to spew to stdout. Well, the messaging is discrete too. Is there any way to measure empirically the safety of a hashing algorithm? This might sound silly, but I wonder what is the environmental impact of absorbing this energy with PV instead of having it be absorbed/reflected by rooftops, grass, etc? Presumably its a net benefit over combustion of fossil fuels. If solar power continues its efficiency pace, should we be concerned with its deployment? The triumphant return of clearcase‽ > You have a fortune-5 company here. Translation for you: They are a very large target for lawsuits. The open source software provides no indemnification. I work for another fortune-5 company who uses linux in many products that we sell. Another well-regulated industry, too. I will concede that the hazards for operating automobiles are well-beyond many other industries' products. I own a 2010 Ford Fusion with SYNC and I really enjoy the features. I suppose it could've been done better, but the speaker-independent voice recognition is stellar. I'm confused: $1000-2000 days? Are you suggesting that there are "many of you" who pulled down ~250-500k USD per year back in the 80s/90s/00s? Which industry(ies)/career(s) are you referring to? Correct me if I'm wrong here, but isn't that only helpful if you have multithreaded python programs? I have found that if my process is too slow, I can consider porting it to numpy/numba, cython, using pypy or dividing up the work using multiprocessing. multiprocessing is barely more work than using the threading module, and completely avoids the GIL AFAIK. It would be super-useful if this enabled something like beignet [1] to be ported to the vc4. 1: https://01.org/beignet > I have found some strong criticism of his basic understanding of economics. Does anyone know what proponents of stock buybacks would say in response to his arguments? Given the downsides, why is it appropriate/fair/legitimate? Hey, that's really useful/helpful info! I'll endorse TestDisk/PhotoRec as a mechanism for recovering deleted files, should be appropriate for most (though you might want a trusted tech savvy person to execute this recovery). The System Rescue CD includes these packages. http://www.cgsecurity.org/wiki/PhotoRec http://www.sysresccd.org/SystemRescueCd_Homepage > You just can't have a place where anyone with enough money (a few k EUR/USD) can perform murders without any reasonable risk of being exposed. I strongly suspect that we will see a whitelist-endorsed-by-some-reputation-broker approach sometime in the future. The suggestion of this kind of thing usually creates a big backlash among many Bitcoin supporters (for good reasons IMO). But eventually there will be many folks using Bitcoin without any ideological attachment to it, and they'll be lured by the appeal of interacting with agents endorsed by some other party. AFAIK Chromecast uses DLNA underneath (which is mostly RTSP + mDNS discovery?). Don't leave me hangin'! I got to "How do you build a VMM? (part 3)" and ... that's it? I feel like I need some kind of epilogue. You are absolutely correct. Revolution is strictly a brand name. 160mm and 0.28s is an incremental improvement over GE's CT750HD, albeit in two dimensions. I'm on the design team for this product. In the CT "super premium" market, the major players focused on different specs and tried to convince hospitals that the future of CT was in this direction (volume/slices/coverage, temporal resolution/cardiac, dose, new imaging/spectral, spatial resolution). Revolution CT is GE's attempt to deliver something that unifies on these goals and they hope to sweep this high end market. Interestingly enough with modern CTs you can get more than strictly density/attenuation. Though you're right that indeed these images are using some transform between what they think bone and vascular densities and their colors. Revolution indeed provides superior temporal resolution over its predecessor. Though arguably Siemens dual-tube, dual-detector design provides yet better still temporal resolution. Hour-long reconstruction times are very abnormal. GE sells a low-dose feature branded "Veo" that has ~30-minute reconstruction times. CT750HD spectral imaging (branded GSI) takes as long as 20-minutes. Revolution imaging takes on the order of minutes (2-3). Indeed the 3d post-processing takes time and probably includes many manual steps/tweaks. The dose is primarily a function of the power delivered to the X-Ray source, the size of the beam and the scan's duration. The big features of this device are coverage (160mm) and rotation speed ( mostly dose neutral). If you were imaging 160mm before you had to use multiple sequential scans, so the dose is not significantly different from that scenario. Revolution has similar or superior (meaning less) dose than GE's previous high end scanner. GE's high end scanners tend to offer better dose than the competition. Hmm, that's too bad. I could've sworn it had hit the 30-minute mark. There haven't been many refreshes so I don't know that it's been improved since the initial release. Well, IMO, after five or so minutes there's not a huge difference between 30 and 60. But it does depend a bit on how the imaging workflow goes (do you wait for those images before letting the patient leave?, e.g.). But you can get some pretty dramatic image quality or dose improvements from Veo, so maybe it's worth it. CTs are uncommon in family medicine offices. They'd need to forfeit square feet that could otherwise be used for several exam rooms. The offices that do have them probably opt for really low-end ones. So "never"? As an aside, I think GPs (General Practitioners) are probably phasing out a bit in favor of Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners. Though "Family Medicine" still employs lots of MDs. Great questions. I suspect many operational details were a factor in working with WKBH. Patient load, available space, willing to work with the GE team on issues. CCN [1] in Paris was another trial site. As of now, there's probably a couple dozen installed globally. Cardiac is one of the big growth areas for CT and Revolution is designed to get better temporal resolution. So absolutely angio imaging is a big part of the publicity. AFAIK there's no direct comparison with cath. But if the Revolution CT cardiac dose was better than the competition (I think it may be), chances are the team will update their dose comparisons between GEHC CT and cardiac cath. 1 - http://www.centre-imagerie-nord.com/ To be fair, while this product is a big improvement, I wouldn't distinguish between it and "traditional CT." It's just the latest evolution of CT (from one particular manufacturer). Radiation Dose for CT has been a big issue over the past decade. It continues to improve due to better algorithms and hardware changes. The big features here over GE's other CTs are the fact that it rotates faster and covers more anatomy in a single rotation. Neither of these has a significant impact on the dose. One of the dose oriented features of Revolution is called "ASiR-V" and GE claims that it "is designed to deliver reduced noise levels, improve low-contrast detectability and routinely reduce dose up to 82% for patients of all ages." In the US I think that they may be by prescription-only? Maybe not, worth a call to your local outpatient diagnostic imaging center. Don't call a hospital, they'll charge you too much. I'd guess you could get one from any-old-CT-scanner for something like $500 to $1000? Someone who just bought this Revolution scanner will probably charge much more. Apparently some people get charged upwards of 10k USD [1]! But honestly if you just want images of your guts you'd be fine with any old CT. Once you have the 2d axial images, you can probably find open source software that will do the 3d projection. 1 - http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine/2012/07/that-ct-... Believe it or not, there is a mobile CT! It's on a semi truck, though. > xz + scp will still be faster than this That's not the case if the data you're sending is already compressed. But you're right that it's not a fair comparison. scp/ssh also has integrated compression with "-C". scp's beauty is in its ubiquity. That host over there that I want to copy to? I need no extra configuration there because sshd is already running. I agree that scp is dog slow and it can be pretty frustrating. As others have mentioned, cranking down the cipher provides a modest improvement. Ad-hoc netcat based solutions like this one are the way to go if you need throughput and not security. Agreed. But it's disappointing that Google doesn't feel the same responsibility that they think Microsoft has. Who's eligible for the class? Only employees of those corporations? Or the tech/engineering marketplace at large? The original e-ink Kindle had a real keyboard. It's a little less awkward than the e-ink Nook which used (uses?) a small LCD touchscreen keyboard. > What if you just shut down the computer Good idea. It's probably the safest/most paranoid to trigger an NMI or bus reset. Should be extremely low latency. 'shutdown -P now' is slow, maybe 'echo b > /proc/sysrq-trigger' is more effective. Trick is knowing when that sync is "really" done. Stanford. Indeed, this is centralization. But as others have mentioned, it's much more like "exchange your CPU time for equity in our security" than it is like "participate in our distributed, decentralized currency." No sustainable decentralized currency could use inputs like protein folding, SETI, etc. Counterparty is really innovative, and this is a great way to leverage it. Unfortunately, it's really easy to confuse with typical altcoins which really use miners. I think Storj may have some similarities. http://storj.io/ I use these units frequently when measuring quantities of bytes for which there's a significant difference between the power of ten and the corresponding power of two. I like that these units are unambiguous. From what I've seen, very few of my colleagues know about this distinction and understand how to use these. How does this compare with the ODROID-C1? http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code... IMO the pogoplug is really simple to reload with Arch Linux and it's super cheap. However, it's worth noting that it's really lacking in horsepower when compared with the Pi and other contemporary offerings. But for ~15 USD shipped, it's astonishingly affordable. http://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv5/pogoplug-series-4 I'm pretty surprised that you can't get some funding from Canonical, Redhat, Microsoft, SuSE, Linux Foundation, et al. Is there anyone on the team who could engage those organizations? Several linux distros have much of their customization features written in python. Microsoft seems to be trying VERY hard to change their course and attract more developers back to their platform(s). They're clearly willing to make strategic investments in open source projects. I've found that PyPy works wonders for the vast majority of python code I've thrown at it. In order to close remaining gaps, funding is key. That's great! > For machine monitoring Prometheus offers the Node exporter Is it possible for the frontend to utilize data from the cron-invoked sar/sadc that already covers much of this data? http://sebastien.godard.pagesperso-orange.fr/ It's probably hard to get a CE mark or FCC certification for a PCB-style product, right? Those organizations probably want to know about emissions but it doesn't make sense to measure a PCB for radiated emissions since it has so few protections against it. Arguably, that's your job -- when you buy the PCB you are planning to integrate it with an enclosure that will solve those problems and now that you've designed this new product you should get the certifications. Initially I'd have agreed, but it seems more subtle than that. Let's read from Verizon's "Postpay Device Unlocking Policy" > ... We do not lock our 4G LTE devices, and no code is needed to program them for use with another carrier. So I take this as "we don't have a subsidy lock that prevents you from moving this phone to another LTE vendor." Indeed, they clarify later: > “Unlocking” a device refers only to disabling software that would prevent a consumer from attempting to activate a device designed for one carrier’s network on another carrier’s network, even if that network is technologically compatible. But these phones do ship with signed bootloaders, and it doesn't sound like Verizon provides the mechanism to replace it. It doesn't sound like this re-legitimizes 3rd party businesses who offer unlocking services. TFA refers to FCC negotiations with carriers, and not the LoC changing policy. I'll wager that's the only thing that would let you install your own OS. I think shibboleth is a shibboleth. I feel similarly. I do think that there are some folks for whom this interface makes sense, though. Which tool(s) do you use for Glacier backups? bitcoin's not really that anonymous. Sure, the ledger doesn't contain identities, but it's not extremely difficult for the mapping between addresses and identities to "leak" and once they do, it's anything but anonymous. When I spend money with a vendor I often reveal my identity to them intentionally (so that they can ship me goods!). There's the join right there. You can argue that I shouldn't have sent money to this vendor but I think that eliminates an enormous existing use case for cryptocoins. > they are sending the smallest possible ethernet ethernet frame at 84 bytes It's impressive, but I can't see its application. Does that mean that it will scale well to many different types of traffic? Are there extremely low-latency applications that need these tiny frames and yet want to use 10GbE? > If you're using more realist payload (eg. larger packets) you should be able to scale it further. eg 40Gbit Yes, I would think so. I was able to saturate four 10GbE links simultaneously (using 9000 byte frames, among four separate CPU cores spanning two memory nodes). This was using ~2010 hardware using linux 2.6.27. > Just like you give me a work computer to do work related tasks on, the same should go for mobile devices. I'm issued a mobile phone by my employer. Today I don't have any option to "carve out" a niche for my personal activity on my phone. AFAIK they can know anything and everything. Google Play for Work sounds like it would help out here. Can you declare a license for [2]? Here's a cool Hugo-nominated story based on "The Thing": "The Things" [0] -- it's retold from "The Thing's" point of view. [0] http://clarkesworldmagazine.com/watts_01_10/ sure, just like everyone else's programs just use libc, python standard library, etc. Which license? How about BSD or GPL? My first reaction to the magicbands was pretty cynical, like this. But it's really astonishing how much more convenient and enjoyable it made the vacation. No need to slog a camera, wallet, etc. I was surprised that even the smallest out-of-the way Disney feature (Magic Express at the airport, entry into the resort pools, e.g.), they still had a way to scan the magic bands. If we did end up spending more because of it, it wasn't much more. And it might just be worth it. They do. We paid for an "all you can eat" photography package. There's many photographers at each park (usually near something fairly scenic), and whenever we were inclined, we'd pop in front of the photographer, click, swipe, and off we went to the next destination. The transport for this service is HTTP? I imagine most competitors use that as well, right? How does encoding factor in here? I have to transcode my data to base64 in order to put it in or take it out, I assume? I "know" I'd only get billed for the data stored as the original octet/binary encoding. But what about the egress fees? Encoded or decoded data is the input for the billing? It's not completely clear to me how the build start times were used to calculate uptime. Especially since a popular usecase for Travis/github integration is to trigger a build-upon-PR. If that triggered build fails, the PR is marked as such and normally the content wouldn't get merged. This is designed to prevent the exact problem described, but are these Travis PR-triggered builds filtered out of the uptime input dataset? ASan is wicked awesome, to be sure. But despite its existence, it's not IMO widely-used, or at least as-widely-used-as-I'd-like. Aside: are there any good open/online resources for learning about bayesian reasoning, NLP, machine learning or similar topics? I've read "Probabilistic Programming & Bayesian Methods for Hackers" but it didn't feel like it explained enough of the concepts. I'd love something like an undergraduate curriculum/text if someone could recommend one. I got 25x on sum_naive_python() and 6x on sum_native_python() (PyPy 2.7.3 vs CPython 2.7.6 on Intel Arrandale), using timeit to measure time and not cycles. But IMO it's a nice article anyways. I'd wager the final implementation he comes up with is faster than PyPy. Someone linked to a coursera course on machine learning in that thread, but the URL seems to have changed. It's now found at https://www.coursera.org/course/ml "Andrew Ng's Standford course has been a god send in laying out the mathmatics of Machine Learning. Would be a good next step for anybody who was intrigued by this article." > Mars One was hoping to generate $6 billion from a reality show. That dollar amount sounds pretty ludicrous. But if you could somehow bootstrap some faith that it was real, I suppose maybe they could generate global viewership that would translate to large revenues. In turn, those revenues could actually be used to fund a real launch. shrug , of course people would only watch in big numbers if you could also supply some washed-up C-list celebrities and oddballs. I can relate, on some level. Sometimes I feel like writing test cases that increase coverage is not enough. There are days where I think I need a sat solver in order to get confidence that I'll never see incorrect behavior from my code. > type hinting will dampen the effect of type inconsistency I feel I'm not sure that I see type hinting being that advantageous. I kinda hope that it could allow PyPy and other VMs to make assumptions that would otherwise require heuristics. Perhaps type hinting could make static checkers/linters for Python more effective, though. AFAIK the Pixel is one of the best around this class, but it's a bit more expensive at 1000 USD. > NumPy which requires installation of our fork of upstream numpy... At some point in the past, there was a "numpypy" -- does that name still describe PyPy's fork? Does the numpy team see a forward path where they can take some of these changes back upstream (presumably some/all of the changes could support CPython and PyPy)? Anyways, keep up the great work! I'm always happy to see my code scream on PyPy for a "free" speed boost. IMO numpy support is probably one of the few barriers other people see to utilizing pypy more. FYI this is marked "sensitive security information" and makes reference to 45 CFR part 1520. § 1520.17 describes "consequences of unauthorized disclosure of SSI ... Corrective action may include issuance of an order requiring retrieval of SSI to remedy unauthorized disclosure or an order to cease future unauthorized disclosure." So AWS and/or HN might end up receiving such an order, right? [0] https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/49/1520.17 So as a result of the acquisition, IBM has disabled the service? Seems odd. Their only interest was supplementing/enhancing Watson? I agree -- IMO being dogmatic about 100% or any other number can be a big waste of time. But a coverage ratio and/or browsing annotated source is a good feedback mechanism for how many tests you've written. > Where does this come from It's defining the term "code coverage" to be the ratio of lines covered by tests to the total lines. > why did they suspect this would be indicative of anything? If anything, it's a useful feedback mechanism. e.g. "Gee, we wrote sixteen unit tests for this module but we're still only at 34% coverage. Ohh, I see it now -- framistan.cpp doesn't get used by these tests at all. We should write a test that enables framistan mode!" > In what country would it be deemed legal and normal for people to shoot down drones? Do people take pot-shots at light aircraft? Why would people suddenly want to shhot at drones? I don't think it would be at all routine. But I can imagine trouble-making adolescents doing that (here in the US). Probably wouldn't be make-or-break for drones. But it would be an interesting challenge for Amazon -- how can we retrieve this equipment and how can we investigate its attack/distinguish from part failures? Is there a transaction module that provides a null/no-op implementation for compatibility with CPython? The search strategy is described in the docs [1]. I wonder if they could capitalize on the algorithm NIST uses in their ACTS software [2]? It's great for maximizing time spent testing parameters in N different dimensions. [1] http://hypothesis.readthedocs.org/en/latest/details.html#sea... [2] http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/SNS/acts/ Well, I doubt Intel sees it as a security feature first and foremost. But even if they did, they don't have an obligation to be "responsible" in how they market their features. Many of their pricing choices ultimately end up being related to yield. If they need to devote more transistors in order to enable an IOMMU, seems like it makes sense to charge more for it. A graphical representation of the dose relative to the patient weight or the dose prescribed relative to the recommended dose would be a great way to help users from accidentally making this mode error. YHBT. :( ...except for the aforementioned PyPy. Which is quite good IMO! (and supports ARM) Based on the research I've read, one of the most valued skills for workers is communication/teamwork. I'll speculate wildly that the loners who perform well at these tasks don't have the leadership/teamwork skills that are so highly desirable. But don't "trusted lieutenants" (yourself included?) mitigate a lot of the challenge posed by that high rate of change? afl-fuzz is pretty powerful, no doubt. But beyond dynamic analysis, someone wrote a static analysis feature to find heartbleed as well: https://github.com/awruef/find-heartbleed I read it and thought it was super cool. I was inspired to write my own checker to demonstrate how easy it was to my software team. And when I get a chance I'll try to contribute some general-purpose checkers to clang. I dunno if it will work, but IMO it matters. If for no other reason than inspiring other folks! Every few years, my team compares other filesystems against XFS for sequential write throughput to disk arrays. We consistently get near-block-dev performance with XFS and other filesystems are only starting to approach XFS'. Consistent throughput is far and away our top ranked requirement, so XFS has ruled for over a decade. I just changed my diet in a few ways: • stopped drinking diet soda • started drinking coffee • reduced calorie intake • limited consumption to 12hrs • shifted diet to more fresh foods and fewer sugars I've lost some weight (about 10% so far). I see slight differences in how I feel, mostly related to the changes in body mechanics due to the lost weight. I think these changes will be critical in avoiding serious health complications. Next change I want to phase in is some reasonable exercise regimen. I find myself with some cognitive dissonance. This makes perfect sense. But selfishly, I've worked for many corporations that operate an http proxy that they scrutinize and they proxy https which they cannot scrutinize (without detection), so I feel comfortable that they are not. (Yes I periodically review the certificate store for changes). If the vast majority of sites were https, they might decide to do MITM for those https connections and either instruct everyone to ignore the warning or install their own certs on all of the computers. Indeed I think many corporations may already do this. I would probably not use many websites if they made that change. > Wouldn't the corporation install it's own root certificate in that case? Yeah, but I can audit the certificate store (and I have). On some systems, I am granted local administrator privilege. I wouldn't take out any certs that they install, but if I found that they installed and/or used one, I'd probably stop using most public websites (at least the ones that I have a username/password with). > casual copyright infringement is the norm on the internet (eg, distributing images from god knows where) Many of the uses you describe are covered under Fair Use (and then therefore are not infringement). > I think the argument can be made that command lines tools shouldn't provide versioning and help text at all - leave it up to the manual pages. I'd have a real hard time agreeing with that. But I could make an exception for /bin/true. It seems inevitable that continued advances in PV will either destroy the power utilities or force them to reinvent their business as electricity brokers (focusing on distribution and/or storage). Regulatory capture can slow this trend. But as the article indicates, it's only temporary. Advances in energy storage and moderated consumption allows customers to disengage from the grid entirely. I think POSIX almost always specifies strict additions in the form of function declarations and expected behavior of those functions, and some generic system-wide features. Your suggested change would amount to a delta on the language spec. That would probably be unprecedented. > " 'Umm... a thousand dollars' ... unfortunately for some people, 4th grade math remains difficult for them." patio11 himself was merely citing their misunderstanding. For many use cases, it would seem like container-based approaches are even better still. I see -- you're right. > Even the "randomness" is deterministic. But isn't rand() deterministic too? It's only governed by the seed. Only /dev/random is "really" random, AFAIK. And even that is only as good as the nearby entropy. If they'd have called it a "static analyzer" they might have had an easier time selling it. Businesses regularly shell out big bucks for C/C++/Java static analysis tools like Coverity, Klocwork, etc. Static analysis is less likely to yield fruit (design errors and not false positives) in a language like Python. So the bar's definitely higher for these guys than it is for the static analysis tools for static-typed languages. If they'd have called it a "static analyzer" they might have had an easier time selling it. Businesses regularly shell out big bucks for C/C++/Java static analysis tools like Coverity, Klocwork, etc. Static analysis is less likely to yield fruit (design errors and not false positives) in a language like Python. So the bar's definitely higher for these guys than it is for the static analysis tools for static-typed languages. I guess so. It's too bad. > does anyone have knowledge that this occurs If you have any doubts, click on the padlock icon using your browser. On Chrome, you can click "Connection" then "Certificate Information". It will display who the certificate was "Issued By" and "Issued To". Well-meaning eavesdropping corporations will likely confess their [or the device's manufacturer name] identity here. > 97. Have Pixar make 3001, A Space Odyssey, with HAL replaced by a Mac. Kinda like Wall-E's charge-cycle-complete boot sound and EVE's iPod-inspired design. Thanks for sharing! > Software Engineer 2015 $ 96,000 - $147,250 Uh...really‽ Is that range like [new grad - experienced]? Should I expect the same range from a software engineer at a device manufacturer not-on-one-of-the-coasts? I'll confess, I have looked ever-so-briefly at D and Go and I figured that Rust was probably similar to Go but I just didn't take the time to learn about it. I like the idea of D (especially design-by-contract), but I have difficulty convincing my colleagues (and myself) that a product with a garbage collector can perform consistently well enough. Then I read this in TFA: > Despite guaranteeing memory safety, Rust does not have a garbage collector or runtime, and one of the benefits of this is that Rust code can be called from C with no setup at all. Maybe I should think about it as "you always enable ASan in your production binary"? That suits me just fine, if that's one of its major benefits. I will resolve today to follow up on Rust and try to learn more about it. > at which point you're as vulnerable to programming mistakes as C. Yes, but if you start off in C's typical domain, then you cannot decompose your problem set into safe and unsafe bins using C. So you're stuck with unsafe-lowest-common-denominator everywhere you go. > uncovered some things Those were problems with the rust compiler or the binaries it generates? > Without fees, your transaction will get processed eventually, but miners tend to put profitable transactions first. IIRC this is only because some generous folks run miners willing to process zero-fee transactions in order to clean them up and forgive those who probably made the transaction fee too small in error. What if they decide to stop upgrading their equipment to keep up with the difficulty? > that just means it is rolled into the price of the car. True. But if there were an option for all-you-can-eat fossil fuel, a lot of the market would probably consider it very seriously, especially if it were less than 5% of the cost of the car. > I tend to believe that mass incarceration isn't responsible for the dramatic decrease in crime rates... In fact, wasn't there some research that concluded that it was indeed the introduction of unleaded gasoline which decreased the crime? > I can say that security is not always a high priority in medical device designs. Agreed. But it's because generally it's not (yet?) a problem. The wires are crossed on HN or your tabs. Your tmux response is in the github-ipython notebook thread. Is this a true "leak"? Maybe I'm naive but I would think you couldn't have a leak without using JNI. Maybe a reference cycle is hard/impossible to GC? >Later, in a background thread, it checks if the reference has been cleared and if not it triggers a GC. > If the reference is still not cleared ... Sounds to me like it's not a leak so much as unbounded-memory-growth. But sounds like a useful tool. And I guess you can suppress warnings using AndroidExcludedRefs.java if you have intentional cycles. Using a waterway as a heat sink for a server farm may not sound as bad as dumping waste, but it's bound to have an impact on the wildlife there. > I was curious to find interesting scripts, i.e. scripts that trigger unusual edge cases. In my limited experience with afl-fuzz, it seems to record test inputs which cause crashes (at least by default). Did you change the criteria for it to consider a test failed/crashed or otherwise worth recording? Oh, neat. So does it remove them from the queue at some point later? Or can I go back after exiting a long afl-fuzz run and still see them? > They're really going to claim that the Edge sandbox is better than Chrome, with no basis? Edge has yet to be exploited at Pwn2Own and Chrome gets exploited every year. Clearly that's a better record. ;) An image I found of a heartbleed logo with the word "heartbleed" superimposed indicated the same response -- "instrumentation." Why don't F2P games use in-game advertising? That seems like a simple way to chip away at the expense of running the service while not being as frustrating as pay-to-win. Mathworks makes a sat solver kinda product that does those kinds of proofs. Pretty interesting concept, IMO. I just purchased the same laptop. It's really excellent. But I am a little nervous about occasional panics when entering/exiting standby (15.04 vivid, 3.19.0-18). "except Exception:" is rarely what you want IMO. It also catches SyntaxError, which is almost always a design error -- one you'd typically prefer would halt the system. Unfortunately there's no common parent to EnvironmentError/SystemError/RuntimeError/etc that excludes SyntaxError. SyntaxError can happen as a consequence of loading a module (hitting an import statement, etc). But for a simpler example, replace SyntaxError with NameError and it's still almost always a design error that you probably have no sane way to handle in an exception handler (other than to mask the problem). Python's a very dynamic language and so of course you could come up with examples to the contrary (ones where the user input could trigger SyntaxError or NameError). Guilt by association? Perhaps SF is not the true source of badness/malware but instead they tend to host the projects most likely to include such malware. Tsk, that's pretty damning. We saw some performance issues with Intel's DC S3500 firmware. But they were able to fix them without too much hassle. > + "Run your own infrastructure" is currently a pipe dream for what is 99.9% of people. Or not even a dream, because those 99.9% prefer not to run their own infrastructure even if it's easy and cheap. However, "local apps" (ones which don't require infrastructure) could be appealing if they could achieve parity with the enormous-backend apps. I've cited this message by Franklin in the past but I've since learned that he was making the case for the legislation to have the power to tax wealthy landowners in order to fund the French and Indian war. He's not saying this in anything like the context we tend to use it now. http://www.npr.org/2015/03/02/390245038/ben-franklins-famous... When I first read your comment I thought you were referring to the employer with respect to the H1-B visa requirements. :( > But in my remote, the batteries are not arranged in serial; they are arranged in parallel Are you sure? That's pretty uncommon. Are the poles oriented in the same direction or opposite ones? Is one set of poles connected to a pair of terminals shared by a single conductor and the other set using two distinct terminals? Google doesn't have any SCIFs...do they? I enjoy the challenge of programming interviews. When I interviewed in Mountain View, I thought it was just super cool to have been invited. It was like the mother ship had summoned me home! I was mega-underwhelmed when I botched the last session, though. And after doing so poorly, no one escorted me out or summed things up. Efficient, I suppose -- I'd met with the recruiter at the beginning of the day and there was nothing left to discuss. But there was no denouement. A big build up all day and all of a sudden -- nothing. That last session I was asked to implement a particular matrix manipulation. IMO a bit more utility than tree inversion. And I tried to talk through my thought process but I'll admit it just wasn't getting there. After it was over, I went back to the hotel, wrote a test case and kept coding until I made it work. I'm a little ashamed to admit that it took 1.5-2hrs to get it to work -- so probably not just intimidation/stage fright. After writing the code, I don't think I understood the design well enough to explain it -- but I did do it on my own w/o any reference. I guess I wasn't surprised when I didn't get an offer. So I've been contacted again as a part of this latest hiring campaign. I'll give it another try, I suppose. My ego's buoyed by being contacted again and doing well on phone screens, so I suppose I can take another bruising. :) Yeah, that's in series. > The reason nobody has anything to say to you at the end of the day is because none of that has happened I just meant typical American (or global?) politeness stuff -- escort your guest to the door, thank them for coming, you'll hear from us soon, etc. By the time I reach this level of complexity, I usually think that what I really want is a daemon. But I suppose this is a good way to split the difference. > But, unlike asbestos, graphene won't be literally all around everyone right? Also unlike asbestos we may be able to manufacture products which use an astonishingly small mass of graphene to be useful. Perhaps that small mass can be suspended/isolated with other materials that will mitigate the likelihood of impacting humans. Won't work on: (1) systems expecting COFF binaries, (2) systems who support ELF but use a different architecture. For #2, there's several very popular archs to support: x86, x86_64, arm*, mips, x32. AFAIK ELF doesn't (yet?) support multiple arch-in-a-single-file. I work for a company that benefits from the TAVR procedure becoming approved, so I've heard a lot about it in the context of our growth. It's great to see the clinical benefits described here. > assuming they are cool with it That reception is probably not uniform among Marvel, especially since they have to mount an affirmative defense against trademark infringement. But just don't get too popular and it will never matter. ;) Hmm...it's got a user and a machine...k... Inspired by turtles, LEGO and ICs, k... "Or with JavaScript in general" -- there's a hint "Web Frameworks: Given that we're building a web framework" -- well, I wouldn't call it a given , but -- mystery solved! Wow, things move really fast in this space. Is "back when" May 2015? The only context I have is the "Didn't you just release Famous in May?" quote from the article. We do. (some of us do, anyways). > Mike: "Clang is my favorite. Its built into the compiler. You don't have to invoke anything special." I agree with Mike. I've also used Coverity Static Analysis and various other tools. Some of them are better than others. Also, "-Wall -Wextra" or "-Weverything" are fantastic for a simple first-pass static analysis. Yeah, with previous generations of chipsets/CPUs, I couldn't saturate quad-10GbE receive streams unless I bound the buffers to particular nodes and IRQs to corresponding cores. Perhaps it's generational? Maybe Mr. Poettering is a talented individual who lacks some specific experiences/history which requires re-learning some lessons from developing linux? Paul Graham writes about this phenomenon -- http://www.paulgraham.com/avg.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Graham_(computer_programm... Hmm..what would happen if you were to attempt to write that time to an RTC in that window? I suppose some RTC parts might be designed to reject those writes. Does the RTC interface logic in the OS just not care about leap seconds and therefore misinterprets the time? Or does it need some sort of special correction for this case? `xmllint --format` is probably pretty good at recovering readability. and how old are you? And yet traditional BIOSes reuse features, implementation and design from the dawn of personal computing. They strike me as an unreliable black art. Bootstrapping computers is "hard" and there's a huge disincentive to breaking compatibility with operating systems' installation/bootstrapping. I'm not sure if EFI/UEFI are ideal, but it strikes me as a net win. But the ifdefs likely negate performance concerns for the most part. Decomposing this function into different implementations with appropriate abstraction doesn't need to break compatibility. Or don't use them at all. For where the behavior must be different, create different source files with the same function signature. When building, link only with the implementation appropriate for the target being built. also at https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9902420 Radiated, but not conducted. Do you plan to follow up when you've made a decision? Without a doubt, the modern compilers' *san features are great at closing the gap between C/C++ and higher-level GC/memory-safe languages. No matter how you feel about open source software licenses, I think we can all agree that llvm/clang has inspired the world to create better technology that we can all benefit from. I had a relatively sane comment (IMO) about whether github should instead consider allowing users to opt-in to "show unsigned commits which claim to be from this address as unknown." Oddly enough my comment itself was altered to be a mindless obnoxious comment! (does github use git commits to track the comments themselves?) yeah, my favorite's the "fuzz testing python" one. Mine. ;) It's ready to rock and roll right this minute. security FTW. Advertisement-supported and privacy focused need not be mutually exclusive. python's not necessarily slow -- are your tests typically CPU bound or I/O bound? If the latter, I suspect the difference between Python and other languages will be insignificant. More powerful ARM CPUs (ARM7 or better IIRC) can take advantage of pypy. > fully general purpose Programmed via OCL? Don't I need some kind of OS/host CPU functionality to load the inputs into DRAM and retrieve them? > what does "slimmed down" Google mean? Hopefully less likely to run afoul of antitrust regulation. Note that it's from March 11, 2014. It's relevant background for the recent post though. Great contribution! How different is this from backbone peering? It's certainly "legal" and RHI would only need worry about whether it's permitted as a part of their service. Presumably it is permitted, but certainly not all providers would allow it. Baked into the cost of the service no doubt. A great baseline that would make me feel better would be other foodstuffs' lead and cadmium concentration. Are these contaminants a part of most food production, at some astonishingly low concentrations already? "Since Soylent is marketed as a meal replacement, users may be chronically exposed to lead and cadmium concentrations that exceed California's safe harbor level. We’ve worked with a few companies making protein powders and they just need to look at their ingredients and investigate." Well, if it's extortion, they're doing a great job sounding legit. Maybe Soylent has a problem sourcing their ingredients from reputable providers? A low cost target was a big part of its appeal, so I could understand if they were aggressive in finding an affordable business partner to provide materials. As an aside, maybe we should try to avoid linking to sites who bar copying article excerpts to the clipboard. A bit ludicrous to suggest that their article's copyright justifies this silly barely-DRM-measure. I suppose Soylent has markings that confess that it "contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm". EDIT: From Soylent's FAQ [1] "This warning is triggered by extremely low levels of the regulated compounds, and as such, the notification is a familiar sight to anyone who has eaten at a restaurant, stayed in a hotel, attended a theme park, or parked in a parking garage in California." [1] https://faq.soylent.com/hc/en-us/articles/204197379 > I wonder what it means, from the standpoint of using or modifying code within the copyright framework, to have this right to "fork your repository?" It's a conflict between the hosting T&S and the copyright of a derivative work. Just because Github says you can, doesn't mean you can. https://github.com/Max00355/HTTPLang/pull/11 Concise, thought-provoking articles. IMO healthcare here in the US is ripe for disruption (regardless of how it's paid for). Maybe the rest of the world too? Additional info beyond the adafruit article: https://github.com/dekuNukem/Amazon_Dash_Button > " innovative cross point structure of perpendicular wires" Are they really "wires"? Or is it fabricated in some kind of 3d litography? This kind of new manufacturing technique strikes me as one that will take some time to mature. But anyways, it's pretty interesting. How could/should OS paging change when this arrives? Do we need another tier or will they just consider this as faster swap? Is this appropriate for other marketplaces where intel doesn't dominate (mobile)? C is excellent in its simplicity. C++ is valuable in its richness. Its richness comes at a price and indeed, fitting it all in one's head is very difficult. also here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10085093 As in "haven't" or are barred by FSF or other policy? It would be nice if those two things which have an important but very subtle distinction had names which were not just the reverse of each other. It seems like despite you explaining this, it would be very easy for one to mistake "zone time" for "time zone". XFS is hands down the best at sustained write speeds. Each time I've stacked it up against the competition it wins. > I simply do not trust XFS enough yet You should give it another look. My team's used it for a mission critical project for over a decade. It's older and more mature than ext4, IMO. For sustained write throughput, it does much better than ext4. That said, many folks have utilization which looks more like random I/O than sequential. I've always lived near the Great Lakes in the US, and in general have never felt the need to filter our tap water. That said, I know others who do (either charcoal or reverse osmosis). I have friends who live on the east coast and they claim their tap water is awful and they typically drink exclusively bottled water. > In a thread w/300+ comments a hitler reference was inevitable Indeed -- it's Godwin's Law[1]! [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law I find that it's easier to submit a PR than ask on HN. Usually omitting a license is an unintentional error. > Now, of course what immediately jumped out at me was how insanely linear this is ... > It may not look like it at first, but there are 741 data points in this graph. No kidding! It looked like the graph was intended as a visual gag with two samples: (0, 0) and (5, 4000). >For example, the latest Raspberry Pi 2 ... handicaped by the IO speed which is limited to USB The ODROID XU4 (referenced specifically by this link) has much better I/O throughput than Pi 2. It's still pretty affordable, too (75-80 USD). > supporting at least 8GB This is less common, but I figure it should arrive within 12-18 months. It is on PyPy and CPython. Which ones don't? And when they don't support it, how do they behave? Return an empty dict or give an error? Keep up the good work. Looking forward to this in a future pypy release. You sound pretty authoritative here, so I'll ask a semi-topical question: are the creative teams the ones driving this kind of development? "We need better fidelity/IQ because I would like this film to look more impressive that previous ones." Or is it more along the lines of Pixar demonstrating industry leadership? Meh, they just need a push in the right direction. If they didn't care to post a license in the first place they might not care which one I pick for them. But you're right, in this case they took the PR as an opportunity to select a license but decided not to take the one I suggested. > 1. TPM on recent Intel hardware is controlled by Intel Management Engine ( http://libreboot.org/faq/#intelme ) which basically acts as a hardware backdoor which cannot be disabled or controlled in most cases. Seems kinda like this point is conceded: "plus there is a pretty high degree of certainty that state security agencies have ways to defeat it (probably by design) ..." Other than perhaps misplaced faith, you're no worse off than you would be without TPM? IIRC D has a GC that you can opt-out of but in practice it's difficult to use its standard library when you do. I'm just repeating a critique that I read, I haven't evaluated them against one another. Having a GC excludes you from some programming domains -- well controlled latency, bootstrapping/operating systems. > I think I can be a software engineer I have no doubt in my mind that you can. Keep at it. > ... not everything I have ever done has been a success > ... algorithms are challenging > ... new javaScript framework every week > ... thousands of other men and women trying to get jobs This may sound rude, but -- no one cares about any of this. All you need is more experience IMO and creating websites or writing software to scratch your own personal itch will be your best investment. > ... willing to keep trying ... until I die Okay, that's probably good. Don't give up. > build using modern web technology ... Using tools like Grunt, Git, GitHub, JIRA are second-nature You mentioned github but don't include a link to your account or any repos on your resume. If you haven't published anything, take time to demonstrate some competence and create a public repo. It will serve as a portfolio that employers can review. > Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Wow -- BusAd? A university degree is so expensive these days. Why spend so much money getting a degree that intersects so little with your interests? Well, regardless, it doesn't matter. For my degree, I learned about automata and all kinds of other stuff that I so rarely apply to work. Just get experience working on software and the career will follow. Is twenty enough parties to give them each confidence that the network is trustworthy? Seems to easily manipulated it only takes a couple of dishonest parties to defraud the rest. Is the AST structure preserved when minifying? If only identifier names and whitespace changed, then it seems like one could verify that the minified matches the original. There's debate in that thread whether this project is satire or not. I must admit it looks remarkably like satire, especially the test suite. That said, I have met some developers who would find this as an advantage and might actually try to put it into use. Generally these are folks who prefer the default soldier-on-in-the-face-of-errors behavior from sh and perl. Great! I had trouble with vmprof at 2.6.0, so I'm looking forward to giving it a try on 2.6.1. > Nobody in the Perl world prefers that, outside of people who are complete newbies I think these are actually old-bies. They don't opt-in to `use strict;` because they like it that way. I suppose they just have an astonishingly high pain threshold. So, how do I manipulate these grains? I created a gitweb repo and I'd like to rename it, etc. But how? > And Gitweb itself should present you with some basic instructions on setting up a webkey to push code to it. Yes, but the name of the repo itself has _RENAME_ME as its suffix and AFAICT there's no way to change it. It seems as if gitlab behaves this way too. EDIT: ok embarassing mistake on my part, it's all clear now. Do you have a reference to the jemalloc issue/tracking for this bug? Or maybe the Redis one at least? Thanks! EDIT: NM, it's clear from the release notes: > "Fix an OOM-related regression in arena_tcache_fill_small(), which could cause cache corruption on OOM. This regression was present in all releases from 2.2.0 through 3.6.0." https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc/issues/98 I think in general it's related to the conceptual shift Sandstorm is trying to drive. There's a lot of touting "control of your own data" and it took a while for that to sink in for me. I think it took so long because it's so different from what I'm used to. It seems like a powerful idea but challenging to make sure your customers' expectations are managed. The sidebar/navbar clearly is part of the strategy, well done there. But the gulf that exists between the specific-app content pane and the sandstorm navbar is the tricky bit. Ok, the problem is that it seems to not work well in a virtualenv, from what I've seen (both 2.6.0 and 2.6.1). Outside of virtualenv, the _vmprof extension gets built automagically, but that step got omitted in the virtualenv install (via pip). In the film it's referred to as "Excalibur". Some of you might be wondering: "Who is this DJB?" I was. Daniel J Bernstein. [1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_J._Bernstein I bought a B&N Nook 9" tablet and put CM on it. It is decent for reading. Later I bought an XPS13 laptop and I find myself using it much more often. Similar weight, great battery life but allows me to surf or code, whatever I feel like at the time. > Is the world ever going to come to grips with the fact that many tens of thousands of thousands of logos and trademarks are registered each year [3], and it's fairly inevitable that some of them will look alike? "This logo was designed by Akisato Ueda for a Japanese drive-in called Azuma in 1975." So, not a big deal methinks. US Code calls for the standard to be confusingly similar and in the same industry. > ditch that business model I think it's great that they're branching out but they didn't stop production on their other models, right? If business doesn't pan out for EcoTank, they won't keep it around. > a) slow hardware/slow software, causing judder or b) poor design which moves the player in ways that cause discomfort Couldn't it just as likely be the inherent conflict between proprioceptual cues and visual cues causing sickness? Yeah, I was talking solely about b), which seems impractical/impossible to mitigate. I speculate that it's because it's not treated like a Real number, where values increase like [0.1, 0.2, 0.25, 0.27, 0.29, 0.30]. React 0.14 supercedes 0.13 but it is not superceded by 0.9. As other posters indicate it's not that simple IMO. Then again, we are off on a bit of a tangent -- just my guess, not KenanSulayman's actual reasoning. I find this mechanism of versioning mildly irritating (but I wouldn't call it 'crap'). I recognize that it's popular and I just suss the convention from the history. Yeah, FWIW it's not a new problem and I'm not confused by this in general but I don't prefer it. But I think we can all take a step back and see the ambiguity right? iOS downloads updates in advance of you agreeing to executing them. Maybe OS X does the same? I suppose iOS, Windows, and others all have an opt-out for this feature. Sounds like a great feature. Most of the time I find it pretty easy to make it compatible with both 2.7 and 3.4. Usually just a few "from __future__ import print_function" and a few other tips. If your codebase is large, it can feel daunting, but it's not usually that bad. > All anyone would be able to do, is distribute free or paid copies of a historical cartoon film. But perhaps you could also legitimately create derivative works? If you didn't offer them for sale, perhaps trademark would not apply (not used in commerce)? It would be interesting for them to demonstrate injury. I generally use reddit as logged in and with thumbnails disabled. It might be a closer race under those conditions. > There are now a number of tools that are using seccomp filters, including the Chrome/Chromium browser, OpenSSH, vsftpd, and Firefox OS. Does Chrome seccomp itself at all, or just 3rd party helpers/plugins? What about other popular services like http (apache/nginx), SQL (postgres/mysql), DNS -- do they plan to add seccomp support? if(commandQueue[itr].first().def== typeHidden ... else if(commandQueue[itr].first().def == typeMemGateIn) I don't know if it's still the case but in the past CUDA/OCL kernels would do all of the execution work for each path in the CFG and only write the results for the actual path to global memory. All this modern TPM stuff had me a little confused, I thought this was counsel for the Intel corporation, not US intelligence. > So he advised "keeping our options open for such a situation." If this isn't just cherry picking on the part of the journalist, it strikes me as fuel for conspiracy theorists. Perhaps there really are agents of the government who would sabotage ourselves in favor of their selfish interests. As a practical matter, how do you go about getting the trusted compiler for DDC? Does this include an audit of the source for that compiler and/or the path that the compiler source or compiler binaries take to their destination? The first I'd heard of DDC was here, so I might misunderstand some parts of the concept. But Wheeler seems to state it pretty plainly in this summary: > In the DDC technique, source code is compiled twice: once with a second (trusted) compiler (using the source code of the compiler’s parent), and then the compiler source code is compiled using the result of the first compilation. If the result is bit-for-bit identical with the untrusted executable, then the source code accurately represents the executable. I'd speculate that you need at least one of the compilers to be trusted otherwise they could both be subverted to produce X, Y that would produce matching V, W binaries with the attack still in place on both. No, apparently I can't. > I'm honestly wondering if I have any realistic legal recourse, beyond sitting around and waiting for the "$500 off your next VW" class action fiasco. As long as you opt-out of the class (or don't opt-in?), you could probably sue them yourself. Maybe you could do small claims in the jurisdiction of your local dealer and have simple headlines and these papers as the evidence. ... or was it really him? IIRC, anyone could lay claim to that email address for their PR and github would resolve that to his account. And yet it's been improved upon. IMO, SCTP offers a superior set of features. TCP wins on ubiquity and SCTP loses by virtue of not making it past firewalls/routers configured to drop traffic that's not TCP/UDP/ICMP. > The recent award of $3 million in NSF funding — announced at a White House summit last week — will cover the engineering and software development needed to deploy 500 of these devices throughout Chicago ... When NSF grants this kind of money, do they mandate that the recipient provide the source material (code, schematics, etc) under a liberal license (or public domain)? Seems like it would be a big benefit for cities everywhere to leverage the technology and not just the concept. CEOs are often seen as these rainmakers when they preside over these gains and scapegoats when companies see their revenue slide. I wonder if, despite their maximum authority, most companies gain/lose primarily because of independent-from-the-CEO changes in marketing, R&D, the general marketplace/economics, etc. Maybe v-dub would've gone from 100B to 200B even with the null-CEO or cointoss-CEO. > use it to build another app that i manage to do with my vision? What are the COPYING terms for the code in the repository? Regardless of whether it's a paid app it's entirely possible (likely!) that the code is on github to encourage folks like yourself to use and extend it. Hmm. Sounds like an opportunity for a new business? Fluber will spawn itself as a broker to both services -- you just go where the app tells you and pick up your cargo (packages or people) and shuttle them to where the app tells you to go. Is this similar to the concept used by Amazon's "statistically improbable phrases" (word-based instead of n-gram based)? EDIT: according to SO, yes: http://stackoverflow.com/a/2009546/489590 Wow, I hope you're joking but I can't quite tell. :/ Agreed, that would've been much worse. No reason to ask them, just search for their name -- it's all public in the US. https://projects.propublica.org/docdollars/ > CME-credit holidays Many/most healthcare companies do not allow pharmaceutical and device manufacturers to reimburse their providers for their travel/accommodations for CME anymore. Market segmentation is a big part of the difference in costs between here (US) and there (everywhere else) -- not because the cost of marketing their drug is more here, but that people/insurance plans are willing/able to pay more than they are elsewhere. Would this/could this replace Hangouts? Or maybe WebRTC is a good complement for Project Fi? Bloomberg's title seems a little baity. The article states, "... its marketplace sellers that it will stop selling Apple TV and Google’s Chromecast." So "the everything store" will stop selling their competitors products? Not exactly earth-shattering. > Their explanation is just insulting. Do they really need to explain their actions here to anyone? They don't owe Apple and Google a spot in their inventory. I wouldn't call it manual at all. It looks remarkably like automatic storage duration IMO. It's funny you should bring that line up -- "The Andromeda Strain" (also by Crichton) features a microbe that's able to decompose plastics and rubbers. I bought a Dell XPS13 refurb recently and it is just excellent. I have ubuntu running on it. I don't know if Photoshop and Illustrator are available for ubuntu, but everything else likely is. Sometimes it's nice to spare yourself getting milled. :) > You enroll in the program as an Amazon vendor, which means you sell your product to Amazon on wholesale terms and Amazon sells the product to consumers at the retail price. The value of the program to you is reflected in the net wholesale price Amazon pays you for your product. Seems like a nice symbiosis. This is valuable feedback. It's great that Rust has been so receptive, making changes where appropriate. > Interdependence and trade have led to a much safer world and a rising global standard of living for all. Sure, but can't we have global trade in the absence of such a treaty? Too late. This would fracture Android's identity. As the networks currently pay a subsidy they're effectively Android's customers, at least in part. They like the bloatware. The device manufacturers are able to embed their brand's identity into the device. They're members of OHA and they like "needless recreated basic features." I think it'd be awesome for some commerce/business organization to champion electronic data on paper receipts. But I think it's much more likely that we'll sooner see itemized electronic receipt data from the smartphone-based payment brokers (Apple Pay, Android Pay, etc) -- assuming it doesn't already do that. Computability theory, automata, graph theory, these seem remarkably science-y to me. They also seem to be very distant from topics discussed in software engineering. But why shouldn't computer science be a science? How is lichess different/better from other chess websites? (I had not heard of the site, I play chess so very rarely). I like it too. I think systemd has the misfortune/honor of touching decades-old subsystem interfaces. Any time anyone ever makes a change to something that's worked the same forever faces criticism. systemd's feature set is so attractive that it's getting/gotten adopted by the vast majority share of linux distros. The folks who didn't prefer it but thought that they could ignore it may have been surprised and vocal when it showed up in their favorite distro. >undocumented 200+ line init scripts ... undocumented shell scripts Maybe we've just traded those for undocumented C init programs? > those firms whose models don't reflect reality will blow up, I'm picturing one of those dystopic films/novels where the main character is deleted/fired/jailed as a result of an algorithm error. Yes, in real life the trends will overcome the bad models. But just think of the potential consequences for harm on an individual basis! Seems like a pretty clever way to bootstrap Metcalfe's Law. > The root cause appears to have been a switch that was corrupting packets. ... The hypothesis is that occasionally the corrupt packets had valid TCP and Ethernet checksums. One "lucky" packet stored corrupt data in memcache. Did the server (both source and destination) in question both/all have ECC-protected memory? Hopefully that's a foregone conclusion but that's another big opportunity for errors. How delightfully relevant -- is the content legitimately licensed to be reproduced on Youtube by its owner? It's certainly not old enough for its copyright to have expired. Are there any breadboard-style releases implementing this spec? I'm looking for the low(er) cost and open ecosystem that I find in ODROID and RasPi style boards, but still the robustness and standardization of this common spec. Interesting caveat: "We have only focused on all-cause mortality. Other outcomes may also be relevant, for example, non-fatal cardiovascular end points." I bought one of these: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005GM1Q1O/?&tag=bcgpfeed-2... It's dirt cheap ($10-20), easy to load linux on [1], and it can be a simple file server, it can run minidlna, google cloud print [2], all kinds of stuff. 800MHz is not a screamer, but most simple I/O tasks like A/V streaming and printing are a walk in the park. [1] http://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv5/pogoplug-series-4 [2] http://geekvisit.com/hacking-pogoplug-mobile-adding-airprint... Thunderbolt is much closer to the PCIe bridge/RDMA style interface you seek. Not as ubiquitous or cheap as USB, though. > I'd rather outline the major components of a system by drawing (on real paper) simple boxes and lines, One of the most constructive things you can do when designing software as a part of a team is to review these diagrams with the team. Inevitably, if you create boxes and lines, you'll need some sort of legend that identifies the relationships established by the visual style of boxes and lines. UML is intended to be a common legend, like the schematic representation of circuits (resistors, capacitors, diodes, grounds, etc). > Not sure what code-as-picture achieves - it's generally has worse tooling (less editable, less versionable, etc.) and tends to be used by 'architects' who don't write code, only for that UML to be essentially ignored by the coders on the ground. An error that happens more often than we'd like to admit is when we totally mis-assess the requirements or omit big portions of an element's design. Sketching a quick diagram that shows "the UserAccount has a user_name, user_id, and a password_hash element" allows the team to sanity check the design approach -- "Oh, but a UserAccount also needs an email_addr element." "Are you kidding? How would we email them, there's no interface for that on this system." It's sad, but sometimes entire (enormous) features like this don't get caught until much later in the design cycle. > We already have a perfectly good way of representing the details of a system - it's called source code. Interestingly enough, that's a bit of a false dichotomy. Imagine it's your first day on the team, and there's thirty classes (or thirty functions) in this software package, and you want to understand their inheritance/composition, what's a good way to take a step back and just see how they relate to each other? You can browse some interface files or some source files, accumulating a model in your head. But the visual throughput into your brain is just so much better when you can see it in a diagram. Regardless of whether a human draws the UML representation of the design in advance of the implementation or a machine deduces this from the existing source code, you can still benefit from a class diagram that will cut out the noise of the implementation itself. As long as we're drawing a diagram, why not have a common way to represent the concepts we use in software? Nothing about UML specifies its use in relation to when or how you wrote the code. Like I said, it's a false dichotomy to suggest that we can have source code or UML but not both. Yes, UML diagrams or any other design docs rot quickly. But like you said, we can generate diagrams after the fact too (or in lieu of ever writing UML diagrams before coding). > perfectly good way of representing the details of a system - it's called source code. ... > simply use a tool to generate a class diagram from the code Once you resolve to generate that class diagram you have a choice in how to represent it. UML is just one way, proposed as a standard way, to represent that visually. All you need is logical AND, logical OR, and logical NOT. I suppose they could compose them from the operations there. Algorithms and economics can mitigate 2 and 3. Requiring LOS absolutely kills this for replacing WiFi, though. Maybe could find its way into applications where we need high throughput and we can easily get stable LOS. I haven't encountered these problems with tox. But I'm all for having more explicit environment definitions while testing. The effect of an unreliable or malicious leader is fewer transactions than possible or unfair prioritization of transactions, but limited to a single (10 minute) block. Seems like if it were an uncommon event it should be not-very-consequential. Then again, if the lottery likelihood is a function of hashing power then maybe it's not so well distributed. worked for me w/chrome on linux. I agree with your all of your concerns. But what if all campaigns for office were funded with public money instead of private money? Seems like it would solve some of the stated problems without arguing over what some would call a "loophole" but others would recognize as "free speech." > In comparison, the average age in more traditional tech industries like data processing or web publishing was almost 10 years higher than Silicon Valley/Internet firms. Maybe this could be explained by younger folks, not bound to a family's worth of obligations, moving to California in droves from places all over the world? So maybe we should normalize the data based on the age distribution in silicon valley. Delicious irony: my employer's web proxy supplies their own certificate in place of the real one for https://letsencrypt.org/ . Though, to be honest they do this for >90% of https sites, in my experience. ...or it could easily be re-titled, "Electric drive engineer fulfills life-long dream of working at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA. Invites colleagues to join." I think Apple's easy to villify for their participation in the policy not to "poach" (or hire) from other tech companies like Microsoft, Google, et al. This article seems to focus on the damage done when they nab top-talent at smaller companies (that never would have been part of that no-hiring deal). It's hard to fault Apple for hiring talented teams. It is regrettable that such hiring can have a devastating impact to smaller companies. MS Office is likely superior to LibreOffice in terms of feature set. But as long as LibreOffice is reliable it likely satisfies the vast majority of Word/Excel users' needs. > ... providing the Verizon employee with a fabricated employee Vcode ... got the information they were seeking. This included Brennan’s account number, his four-digit PIN, the backup mobile number on the account, Brennan’s AOL email address and the last four digits on his bank card. What's the use case for giving out the PIN? Seems like some elements of the account holder's record should be revealed to no one by default and only accept input and give confirmation. Perhaps the default behavior should be not to trust the support team with this information. I think they just want the bar to be high enough to avoid arousing the suspicion of casual snoopers. Single DES is enough to do that. The Schengen zone is pretty valuable to the EU and to Germany, it seems likely they'll re-establish it. Storj ( http://storj.io/ ) is an interesting decentralized approach to this problem too. Well, attorneys are likely a bit paranoid about the requirement to protect their trademark against abuse or lose it. Apple still brokers the key exchange, so they can be used to facilitate a lawful interception at that point. > I’ve never been a huge user of debuggers. Being able to diagnose my code line-by-line, statement-by-statement sounded theoretically good to me, but I’ve never really “clicked” with it in practice. Years ago, I would've been floored by a comment like this. But lately I find myself using them a little less often. These days, the codebases I interact with leverage more and more small-scope unit tests. This usually means that an unexpected test failure requires much less imagination to explain. But debuggers remain a terribly simple way to identify the cause of a segfault/bus error. Even with code I've never seen -- if armed with just a stack trace I can identify a system misconfiguration or a workaround to avoid the error. Kudos to the pypy team! I suspect pypy would benefit from some kind of marketing campaign. It rarely lets me down and yet lots of python devs don't know about it. The most popular package(s) that don't work with it have been numpy, scipy, etc. When I first encountered pypy, there was a numpypy and I wouldn't be surprised if that's different now. But bottom line, tons of python code out there needs more performance and has no dependency on numpy or any C extensions. Indeed that's what I meant and perhaps pjmlp thinks that the feature set in numpy could have been / could be implemented in pure python, now that we have PyPy. Keep up the good work! Hm, 1600 sounds like a lot. But depending on the applications it sounds like it might not be that much if it's 1600 over three square miles. I was surprised to learn that NCLB was remarkably effective at making some schools shape up. [1] http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2015/10/27/443110755/no-child... Wow, bit banging radio? Neat idea. But there's gotta be USB SDR kits on the cheap, too, right? Agreed! I like to think of the fuzzers as merely an automated tool to drive test cases, maximizing on coverage. So when asked, "Why fuzz test?" I can answer, "remember when you wrote fifteen test cases and wondered to yourself whether you needed a sixteenth? But then you decided that it would take more work than it's worth to do that. -- Well, now we can tell the computer to just keep trying stuff until it finds unique cases." So we're watching the progress of a public interface to the keyboard of a linux computer? And it accepts one keystroke per individual at a time? I think I'm climbing aboard the hype train. The thing that made a difference for me was the lack of GC. I knew I could have an easier time selling that to my team than GC. As soon as they hear 'GC' they will probably start to think of unacceptable latencies and lump D in with Java, Python (et al). That said, D's compatibility with C++ is a big plus. Are 802.11r/k branded somehow? Sometimes spec sheets omit these kind of features. Is there a way to see if the feature's enabled from the NIC's host? Agreed. Thankfully, commerce and many other well-accepted forms of traffic are end-to-end-encrypted by design. Distinguishing between the legitimate forms of encryption and those presumed to be illegitimate will be difficult/impossible. Can you imagine what it might be like to try and add TLS/IPSec to the Internet only just now? However ISPs can filter endpoints that they believe to be associated with undesirable activity. Actual article (PDF): http://poseidon01.ssrn.com/delivery.php?ID=68408807100406401... How long do you have to be on the site or how much karma do you need in order to downvote? It's astonishing that Backblaze would release its drawings as open source, good for you! But there's no explicit license declaration anywhere in the drawings zipfile and in fact some of the drawings claim "PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DRAWING IS THE SOLE PROPERTY OF BACKBLAZE MANUFACTURING. ANY REPRODUCTION IN PART OR AS A WHOLE WITHOUT THE WRITTEN PERMISSION OF BACKBLAZE MANUFACTURING IS PROHIBITED". Maybe it's just boilerplate? Or maybe you really don't want to face competition in your specific industry. Regardless, an official open source license (even with commercial restrictions) would be much clearer than this. Ok I will email my attorney that "Some guy named atYevP on HN told me it was okay." ;) That quote refers to something very specific and you may not want to align yourself or your thoughts about licensing with that movement. The creative commons and OSI are two excellent places to start looking at licenses. creativecommons.org and opensource.org A big problem for BB if they were to have open source-licensed tech and got acquired by a megacorp, or a big problem for a "kinda-sorta-licensee" of their tech once acquired? > CentOS 6.5 was used, SSDs were formatted with XFS and they were mounted into /mnt/ssd1 and /mnt/ssd2. XFS was used because that is our main file system for databases. write barriers is a mount option [1] [2]. [1] http://linux.die.net/man/8/mount [2] http://lwn.net/Articles/283161/ The dreamplug is probably closer to the pogoplug in feature set (and definitely cost!). http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005GM1Q1O/?&tag=bcgpfeed-2... It's dirt cheap ($10-20), easy to load linux on [1], and it can be a simple file server, it can run minidlna, google cloud print [2], all kinds of stuff. 800MHz is not a screamer, but most simple I/O tasks like A/V streaming and printing are a walk in the park. [1] http://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv5/pogoplug-series-4 [2] http://geekvisit.com/hacking-pogoplug-mobile-adding-airprint... IMO it's all due to the developer ecosystem. NVIDIA had a big head start with CUDA. AMD effectively embraced CUDA and transformed the best of CUDA into OpenCL (jointly with NVIDIA, Apple, via Khronos). NVIDIA's OpenCL support lags the standard, while they keep improving CUDA. NVIDIA probably feels commitment to their early adopters and doesn't want to divide up their engineering capability. Meanwhile NVIDIA also seems to have really good marketing behind their GPU software stack. Lots of people who use CUDA have no idea that OpenCL exists and no idea that porting between CUDA and OCL is not super difficult. (It's been years since I've looked at CUDA it might have diverged more significantly since). AMD's stability (on linux at least) is pretty poor. I don't know if it hurts adoption much, but it can't help. Also, AMD absolutely dominates on integer workloads which is why it had been used so much for cryptocoin hashing machines prior to the widespread availability of ASICs for most algorithms. On floating point workloads, NVIDIA might do better than AMD, and those seem much more common in science than integer math. No, unfortunately not. I did a "cat >/dev/null" before pasting so I could see what it was. Clever masked/hidden content, with embedded shell commands and newline to commit the commands. No, I just put my terminal into a mode where I could see what I pasted without any possibility executing it. If you don't give cat any arguments, it reads from stdin and writes to stdout. I could have just as easily opened vim/emacs/notepad and done the same, or for that matter, written the contents to an actual file instead of redirecting the contents to /dev/null. > Why is Nvidia this dominant, and why are so many researchers using a proprietary API like Cuda when there's open alternatives? CUDA came out first and was really good, IMO. OpenCL is also really good, but doesn't get as much love from NVIDIA. NVIDIA really hypes CUDA and when they add features, they add them to CUDA first (and OCL never in some cases). See my other comment for more - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10554601 Great point, we've just fired another salvo in an escalating war. The only winning move is not to paste. :) 99% of gmail users will never know that the feature exists until they see the warning. That can only have the benefit of encouraging the correspondent to get their provider(s) to enable the encryption. > stymies passive surveillance... presence or absence should never be communicated ... to avoid suckering them into a false sense of security. I think you're not giving enough weight to the first point. This really does provide an advantage for individuals who receive their password/reset url or some other credentials via email. At least it wouldn't be intercepted on that hop. Seems like the benefits outweigh the drawbacks. Yes, I have. :( I believe that they may be improving, but in general I have seen far fewer functionality problems from NVIDIA than AMD. Generation after generation, it seems to replay itself. As others have pointed out it's the difference between bits and bytes. But "among bytes" units, I prefer the base-2 SI units (KiB/MiB/GiB) because as written, they're unambiguous. Can we backport some of those features to GPLv2? GNU may not have an interest in that, but presumably we don't need GNU's permission to create a "GPL2.5" like license? > sort of a failed launch Yeah. But I think it's good for Intel to follow through here instead of abandoning it like they did Larrabee. Intel has some real design talent, so it would be great if they can get their software team and hardware team to work on a solution that competes well with GPUs. It doesn't help Phi that Intel's OCL support isn't quite there yet, IMO. If they could just put their weight behind OCL and add their own extensions to support the cases where their accelerator design is different from GPUs, it would be attractive to HPC types to port their software to support it, IMO. > What are people using the Xeon Phi for? I don't know but I suspect it will shine for CPU-bound code that folks don't want to waste time porting x86 executables to a new language/framework. Memory-bound stuff will probably not see an advantage over GPUs. I don't think they'll attract enough attention to TBB/Cilk or whatever they're promoting alongside Phi. Yeah, Intel's behind the curve for sure. But what if they had a soup-to-nuts open ecosystem? IMO that can be a real winner for simple, convenient deployment of a total solution. It doesn't make up for being a generation+ behind, but I expect they'll catch up over time. I don't think you understood the post (admittedly the title is unclear). If the title were "Comcast injects ... to show notices of reported copyright infringement against their account," there would probably be less confusion in the comments here. What every programmer should know: large capacity and blazing fast NAND is poised to change everything you used to know. JEDEC is working on standardizing large capacity NVDIMMs [1][2][3], and that will probably mean at the very least a new tier in this hierarchy. And perhaps changes to swap, filesystems, databases, and boot/initialization will come to capitalize on this new tier. [1] https://www.jedec.org/news/pressreleases/jedec-announces-sup... [2] http://www.jedec.org/sites/default/files/files/Brett_William... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NVDIMM The new design, as far as I can tell, is per-user and not per-repo. So this link does not effectively exhibit the new design. I could see the new design as my current logged-in user but I saw the old design when I used incognito mode. Hmm. I had thought GH-Enterprise was monthly per-developer. Per repository sounds odd. So each fork is paid for independently? Can you talk more about this? What kind of jobs do you get (pay, duration, deadlines, etc)? Qt? Because there are a lot of companies hiring specifically remote for Qt? It's not my impression that in general, the majority of jobs using C++ expect/leverage Qt. There's tons of embedded work using C/C++, but indeed remote work is harder to find there. We're talking about monikers, so it's perhaps critical to point out that the name is "jawngee" and not "jangwee". This sounds remarkably similar to another recent Ask HN on remote C++ work. In any case, a good bet is to refer to the monthly "Who's Hiring" / "Who's looking for work" threads? There's actually strict recommendations on the status of "remote" versus "onsite" for these postings. Please look and then just ctrl-F "remote". I just made my first PR for rust and it's been a pretty positive experience. How about this? for f in $(cat a.txt); do basename "$f"; done Yeah, I think I prefer yours. Probably more robust wrt filenames-with-whitespace too. Coverage is pretty awesome feedback for reminding you that "oh yeah, I should probably test that case too." And if you start out with this kind of feedback early it can help influence your design to increase its testability. If X% coverage is a goal measured by non-technical team members, it likely loses much of its value. I think the biggest things working against Yelp are the reports from businesses that Yelp offered to censor bad reviews and/or promote/shill positive reviews in exchange for money. I've heard about it all N-th hand, so I'd imagine that Yelp's team is very careful about wording it such that it's some sort of legit promotion that they're offering. I hadn't heard of it. But I looked it up: €529.38 and impressive specs. This thing looks downright competitive. And dual-SIM‽ That seems pretty uncommon, but probably nice to have. > 1000-ish lines in python ... Well, an if/elif/elif block that spans 300 lines is often much more difficult to comprehend than 100 - ten line functions (especially if all 100 share the same function signature). That said, I'm not sure if I prefer the xml configuration option. But the design is overall likely more flexible now than it was before. Thanks for sharing. "Awesome-CV" looks particularly interesting. Remedial question, for the unfamiliar folks: how do I establish a bootstrap trust w/DNSSEC? Does it require backwards-incompatible changes at the root? I've used TaxACT [1] since ~2005 with great results. I'll admit that there's still usually one or two other niche programs that don't work on linux, though. [1] https://www.taxact.com/ That was my initial impression as well -- this is remarkably similar to Wave. Wasn't Wave open-sourced? I suppose that makes sense, but it's not really a dichotomy. The ultra-wealthy pays taxes and the state does decide how to spend it. Should the ultra-wealthy get taxed more than they are now in the US? Yes, probably. Neat. Interesting that Slack (et al) seems to have succeeded where Wave failed. Is it just that Wave was pitched as obsoleting email instead of complementing it? Or does Slack actually have a better feature set than Wave ever did? Or is the world just "ready for it" now in a way that it wasn't when Wave was proposed? My knee jerk was to assume that this was a reinvention of cgexec. You had me at "limiting already running process to cpu 30%". My poor laptop has never loved a feature so much as this. ありがとう, Matsumoto-san. Is this the same phenomenon as Rayleigh scattering [1]? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rayleigh_scattering soheil, you should note that blurring digits is often an ineffective way of preserving privacy. In this case it looks as if the blurred data is only IP addresses, so unlikely to cause any real damage on its own. But API keys, passphrases, private keys, and the like -- don't use gaussian blur. Crop them out or overwrite them entirely with an opaque color. Also, don't put anything important in /tmp. As a practical matter it won't matter much if no one else has access to this machine. But it's a good habit to get into. I signed up but I don't honestly recall what it is. Is it called "Starfighter" because it's like the excalibur game from "The Last Starfighter"? Interesting that their json variant uses trailing commas. Too bad that's not more common. Unfortunately the browser only accepts mind control commands in Russian, no i18n for you. > The bandwidth-specific value we're getting from the ISM bands dwarf nearly all other uses. This is totally true! And it was a "junk" band to begin with. What if they allocated another unlicensed band that had room for 3-4x as many exclusive 802.11 channels as the current one? The article speculates about some other possibilities. > Then again, perhaps Rescator’s site simply noticed something amiss when my source funded his account with Bitcoin. Maybe they walked the transactions back to some well-known funding source for law enforcement/government. > On Android today, nothing is built from the ground up for tablets. shrug , the two most common applications for me are the terminal and chrome. If I had a Pixel C, I'd load a linux distro on it and be pretty content. > compile-time "surprises" ... bugs the crap out of me .. . No unanticipated code. s/I hate the C++ keyword auto/I hate C++/ Sorry, "this" is a reserved word. ;) Thank goodness for revocation lists. It's too bad -- they list "Affected Software" but they don't seem to disclose when the earliest time that xboxlive.com shouldn't have been trusted. Maybe they aren't web. Congrats to the team! I recently wrote my first Rust [1] project. Great experience, IMO. I faced a lot of interesting challenges because my use case was a little outside of typical. But I tried to minimize 'unsafe' and I was still satisfied with the results so far. I know I've only just scratched the surface of the language and I'm looking forward to learning more. [1] https://github.com/androm3da/libfaultinj Good suggestion: https://github.com/androm3da/libfaultinj/commit/9e11fadf6f8b... I don't think there are any that I know of. There's several tools that leverage LD_PRELOAD hooks though. ElectricFence is similar but focusing on out-of-bounds memory accesses. Actually, that's not really fault injection, more like sanitizing bad behavior. There's other fault injection stuff for linux, usually at different layers (I've seen some that use systemtap, e.g.). > 512MB of RAM Well, ok, but unless I'm going to do some ridiculous amount of paging, I can't really take advantage of the 64-bit much. And in the meantime my 64-bit executables will suffer from larger pointers. The stuff that arm does well (IMO) is stuff that uses Python and other high-level languages. Those tend to port with little to no effort. Yet they use a ton of indirection so the size of those pointers really matters for memory consumption. $15 for an ARM board still seems like decent value, though. Hardware design isn't limited to gates, PCB traces and ASICs. This seems remarkably like hardware design to me. As much as you might not agree, plans for building a birdhouse constitute hardware design too. Well IMO "open source hardware design" can have items in their bill-of-materials whose design themselves are not open source. I think that's where we'd end up disagreeing on terminology. > to make a similar 32-in-64 kind of mode worthwhile Yeah, I kinda doubt AARCH64 is that much better. Yeah, I am pretty sure this is doable but it's not covered by libfaultinj yet. I opened an issue [1]. I'll get on it. [1] https://github.com/androm3da/libfaultinj/issues/1 On HN, "engineers" is usually a plural noun. This took a few re-reads to parse. A link to the data: http://results.myconnectome.org/ -- pretty interesting, IMO! I don't think this relates back to the topic at hand, though. Disqualifying these games as "games" probably wouldn't have much if any impact. I'd used "set -e" and "set -u" before, but I had never seen it written as "-o nounset" and "-o errexit". The latter makes it clearer exactly what features are being enabled, and it's a bit of a false economy to try and "shorten" the script like this. This is pretty cool, good job! // A sqrt function I got from the web that uses integers only (since Pebble emulates floating point math)" [1] Pebble has a soft-float implementation? So is this integer sqrt approximation is faster than the soft-float one? [1] https://github.com/PebbleSeizureDetect/PebbleSeizureDetect/b... Are you making a joke or is the "RZA" that he refers to the same? Well, is that really fair? autotools' scope is great, like you concede. But it was designed around 1991, right? > That everyone else just kind of seemed to go with it There was nothing else better available, and this was effective -- is effective. If you haven't seen the effect of momentum in software, then this is nothing. Look at how x86 systems get bootstrapped; look at how we interact with important platform devices like the RTC (I/O ports). Virtually none of this has changed because it doesn't introduce significant limitations in operating systems or hardware but it's downright odd. This is a useful walk through optimization in python. > The lesson is clear: do not write Python code as you would do in C. Use numpy array operations rather than iterate on arrays. For me it meant a mental shift. I think the lesson is that "performance critical software requires attention to very many specific details." Using a garbage collected language that allocates objects on the heap by default means that you'll have to take special steps to change the default behavior of the system. You will see very similar behavior with C++, Java, etc. > I didn't use Pypy so far because it only supports part of Numpy, and not Pandas, Scipy, and Sklearn. It may be that Pypy supports enough of Numpy to run my closest distance code though. If that's the case, then I'll blog about it soon. I'll confess, I was eagerly waiting the pypy results. IMO using pypy means I get the best of both worlds: more code that can be naively python with python idioms and still yield sufficient performance. For critical algorithms where I can't hit sufficient performance, it's appropriate to use cffi or something to optimize. I really liked SCons, but it seems like it never really hit critical mass. Ubiquity is important for a build tool. This is a good example of Sayre's Law [1], which I only learned about from another HN post the other day. ;) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sayre%27s_law You could do that before with % substitution too. But I prefer .format() because (1) it's the new idiom and (2) will coerce to string without me binding the type in the format string. Unfortunately I have no answer for those. For now scikit and pypy seem mutually exclusive. I've seen these once -- a couple years ago, it was pretty neat. I'd only read about it and seen it in photos before. I think that sites like this and similar ones become a real culture. And it's a much more uniform culture than the world had known in previous centuries. So there's a great opportunity to share culturally relevant items like this -- here's something I think you can take advantage of during this season. Unfortunately the title makes it seem like a systemic problem. That's not clear because in this case it was a mis-typed MAC address. If there's any systemic problem it's that there's no check/verification to close the loop on whose MAC address is whose. "SuperMalloc is an implementation of malloc(3) designed for x86 Hardware Transactional Memory (HTM). It turns out that the same design also makes it fast even without HTM. " Does anyone know if there's a cpuid feature flag for HTM? Do all haswell-generation SKUs support the feature? Interesting. "In August 2014, Intel announced a bug in the TSX implementation on current steppings of Haswell, Haswell-E, Haswell-EP and early Broadwell CPUs, which resulted in disabling the TSX feature on affected CPUs via a microcode update." -- So only (non-early) Broadwell CPUs support it now? Wow, "On average, college graduates earn $640,000 more over their lifetimes than nongraduates do." $640k/lifetime is really small. I'd guess that the optimizer can't really count on it because it could get aliased by code the optimizer can't see and then casted away. > Intel is also catering to the market for supercomputers for scientific use. Intel's Knight's Corner ... a small niche market ... RAM speed is now often a serious bottleneck. Many of the scientific supercomputing applications are migrating to GPU workloads with OpenCL and CUDA. One enormous benefit of making this migration is the extremely fast memory that's available on GPUs. > 1 defect in 10,000 is not arbitrarily 'good' Phew, agreed -- my jaw dropped at grandparent's 'minor'. > we don't collect statistics nationally. So, how do we improve? I think there's plenty of open-loop approaches that could be considered (training on de-escalation, refresher on citizen's rights, praise/laud the interactions that result in no arrest or arrest without aggression). Waiting for national consensus is unnecessary: cities, counties and towns can recognize the crisis and establish best practices that are effective. National consensus is likely useful to allocate funds that may be necessary to make these improvements, though. It appears to be working well for me, so perhaps a temporary glitch. EDIT: no, I was mistaken. I can "download PDF" but it looks like that's typically only introductory content and not the entire book. >Since this is an official W3C doc, I see no reason why people shouldn't use this. Well, as far as authority/canon goes, it's typically dictated by the IETF and not W3. And, sure, they could cooperate with one another but, really -- if there's an authority on the protocols that describe email (SMTP, POP, IMAP, etc) -- it shouldn't be the World Wide Web Consortium. That said, the IETF does tend to draft RFCs that reflect actual implementations (at least their intended design), but since they often bias towards interoperability, it's unlikely they'd narrow the scope of the email address grammar. > ... alternative way is to use the linker ld as follows: Good to know. I've always used objcopy to do the same. But this looks saner because it uses the native arch by default. > by default you will build a "debug" binary which enables checked arithmetic The check failures trigger a panic? Is there any work to enable an ASan-like feature for unsafe blocks BTW? The "long ban"? On XBox/PS/etc? Similar stuff exists for HP48G (et al) for all you RPN fans. http://www.hpcalc.org/hp48/pc/emulators/ pcwalton said a correctness proof of the type system is in-progress [1]. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7601944 I am probably in the minority here, but I don't agree. I understand why the security program does it and why they think they need to. I just think that, regardless of who owns this computer and the network it's connected to, if I'm using it, I should be able to use TLS without any interception. It's difficult for Firefox to determine this. In this MITM case, Eve is your employer and she's modified the cert store that Firefox implicitly trusts. Now it would be interesting if firefox could distinguish between the cert store that it came with and new certs installed. Another idea would be for users to write an extension that could say "such-and-such cert is my employers and you should create a UI flag when it's being used." I know I looked into that for Chrome and it's impossible since it's not available to the extension system. Ok, I expected it should be feasible. I wasn't optimistic when I read a Chrome bug that was nofix'd to make certificate info available to extensions. You sound kinda authoritative, are you suggesting that you could propose this change to firefox and it might get accepted? I read some of the slides, focusing on the sybil attack mitigation. Just how hard is this PoW? Is it really hard relative to the potential gain from fraud? Interestingly enough, satoshi's paper never mentions the term "anonymous" though it does describe separating one's identity from the transaction. Some other cryptocoins (Monero, et al) use ring signatures to truly disguise the path that the money takes through the system. I don't know why you brought that up, because it's not exactly what I was talking about. But it's interesting. That is some really good perspective. The incorrect C program is a bit of an externality that's felt by QA/testing/customers/etc. I liken programming w/Rust to programming with C or C++ with warnings and a static analyzer barring object files from being created. If I were new to C/C++, I would probably find it baffling how anyone ever gets it to work. > For modern programs, you should #include then use standard types. Unless you're doing memory-mapped IO, or other very-specific things, you probably only need the _least_t or _fast_t types (int16_least_t, e.g.). > The NaCl technique is straightforward. You're required to ... Wow, what a great idea. Does anyone use anything like this to create an entire OS distro? Modified compiler behavior + binfmt verifier? What's the impact on executable performance/cache performance? Oh, perhaps I misunderstood, then. Is it not likely that the vast majority of C/C++ userspace programs could survive this change-in-compiler-output-to-meet-restriction without functionality impact? int8_fast_t meets this description (because the range for this particular loop only spans 10, but you should use the int16_ or int32_ versions as appropriate). int8_fast_t will likely use native-register-sized integers (probably 32 or 64 bit on many architectures). This is IMO very close to the inference you describe, while still providing some stipulations about what you need. int8_fast_t and its siblings are defined in , described in this article (though it would be nice if the article mentioned them). > In this case, no code will get executed on Python 4 at all! Maybe `import six` should trigger ImportError when imported on python 4. Only "eight" or "twelve" should support Python4. :) Still wouldn't matter unless you allow for pure evil like 'import twelve as six' EDIT: wouldn't matter because "six" shouldn't allow itself to be imported on PY4. I only imagined a need for spanning pairs of subsequent releases, but sure, why not? Was ist "Wassenaar Arrangement"? It's an export restriction that impacts software [1] > In December 2013, the list of export restricted technologies was amended to include internet-based surveillance systems. New technologies placed under the export control regime include "intrusion software"—software designed to defeat a computer or network's protective measures so as to extract data or information—as well as IP network surveillance systems. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wassenaar_Arrangement And UBSan for finding undefined behavior. I love cryptocoins. But I think these high profile thefts will continue. And I think adoption/popularity will continue. If so, I would wager global law enforcement organizations will want to step in and offer merchants and users a service which traces and blacklists the outputs from thefts like this (until/unless returned to the original owner). If so, it would create a big rift between the many who enjoy cryptocoins' fungibility and independence from the state and those who want to punish/deter thieves. Big merchants like Overstock would want to publicly align themselves with "bitcoin is legit" and "we don't want to profit from that theft" activity. There'd be little that anyone could do to stop the law enforcement agencies from providing such a theft tracking service. And little anyone could do to stop merchants from integrating it into their services. It would be an interesting threat to the fungibility of bitcoin. Some cryptocoins (monero, et al) use ring-signatures that mask their specific input/output address path. I suspect if these events came to pass, those coins would become much more popular. Aren't LEDs and CFLs significantly more durable than incandescent? Certainly they're more durable than tungsten-filament incandescent bulbs. Hopefully they can do better than just parity with LED/CFL power consumption otherwise it wouldn't seem worthwhile. That would work, but only if people appreciated the scope of the risk of continued operation of their vulnerable phone. I love failure testing, this is a great article. Molly looks pretty interesting. Netflix is remarkably bold for enabling their failure tests in production. Shameless plug for libfaultinj [1], a fault injection library. It's remarkably simple (and still not quite as feature-rich as I'd like). You can use it in a unit-testing context to make sure you do something sane for things like file-not-found, disk-full, or extraordinary-delay-on-open. Or you can use it in a larger-scale integration style testing with random likelihood of failures popping up. https://github.com/androm3da/libfaultinj W00t, I made the contributor list! lol it was a paragraph or so of a doc revision. But I'll take it. :) Yes, it's likely that github had more (or better connected) users at first and then Metcalfe's Law took over. I'd used minimax before but not heard of Monte Carlo tree search. It sounds interesting. From [1]: > Although it has been proven that the evaluation of moves in MCTS converges to the minimax evaluation, the basic version of MCTS can converge to it after enormous time. Besides this disadvantage (partially cancelled by the improvements described below), MCTS has some advantages compared to alpha–beta pruning and similar algorithms. Unlike them, MCTS works without an explicit evaluation function. It is enough to implement game mechanics, i.e. the generating of allowed moves in a given position and the game-end conditions. Thanks to this, MCTS can be applied in games without a developed theory or even in general game playing. > The game tree in MCTS grows asymmetrically: the method concentrates on searching its more promising parts. Thanks to this, it achieves better results than classical algorithms in games with a high branching factor. > Moreover, MCTS can be interrupted at any time, yielding the move it considers the most promising. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monte_Carlo_tree_search#Advant... HN discussion about another article regarding the same event: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10981729 We've been hearing about Stingrays so much I wondered what the average Joe can do to avoid 'em. This is about the only thing I found, but it's promising for the long term -- http://secupwn.github.io/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/ -- note that they list themselves as still in alpha and to expect false indications. I think the typical advice I've heard -- turning off your phone or turning off the baseband functionality is pretty impractical for most folks. I prefer Clearview, but it was disappointing to learn that it's [essentially] a public work and yet it's proprietary and requires jurisdictions to license the typeface. Works for me on firefox 34.0 linux. Are you sure you aren't encountering a MITM from a corporate proxy? That's a good data point. I've been running 15.10 since I got it with minimal issues. This is another good resource: https://github.com/advancingu/XPS13Linux/issues It's great that someone took the time to curate the list. But maybe it'd be better as one of those awesome-X style list of actual repos. With all of these libraries distributed as a mega-lib, it just seems like a bit of a junk drawer. > CVE-2016-0778... is "unlikely to have any real-world impact" because it relies on two non-default options being used by the client (ProxyCommand and either ForwardAgent or ForwardX11) cringe -- I know I've got both in my ~/.ssh/config, though hopefully not both enabled for the same server(s). The only way you can build fault-resilient systems is to frequently test fault injection scenarios. Netflix is pretty mature in this regard, perhaps Github can learn from their example. That said, it's possible that github may have considered that this particular style of outage is rare enough that they don't want to make their design tolerate it. Though if that were the case, I'd wager they'd re-evaluate the cost/benefit right around now. :) MIT licensed. glider_pro doesn't publish a license, but hopefully that's just an oversight. The trademark holder has no leverage on recordings/copyright until/unless the recording were used in actual trade (marketing of products, etc). No, you're mistaken. Fair Use is for precisely this kind of purpose and protects those who share copyrighted content for educational purposes. Refer to USC, Title 17, chap 1, § 107 [1] http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap1.html#107 Note that "educational purposes" are described, but not "cultural/historical relevance". Up for debate as to whether those intersect here. I'd be worried that the risk of disclosing offers is that the response might be "sorry, can't match, good luck there." In which case you'd need to be prepared to take those offers. If you tried to stay after they can't meet your offer, they probably won't take this claim seriously ever again. > "If you stream some copyrighted gameplay ..." I guess it's not the first I've heard of it but doesn't it seem odd for the gameplay itself to be copyrighted/copyrightable by the game's creator? Doesn't it seem just ludicrous if we were to try to do the same for board games or sports? What's the duration limit? It can't be perpetual, can it? That would be ludicrous. This article's interesting. But my biggest takeaway is the existence of Bandit [1]. It looks really neat. This "try_except_pass" check for example [2], is a great one. It might be rated "Low" severity from a security context. But from a functionality point-of-view, it's high on my list. It masks NameError among many others. You very nearly always want NameError to propagate, lest you conceal a glaring design error. [1] https://github.com/openstack/bandit [2] https://github.com/openstack/bandit/blob/430dfceca9cebd7ebe4... Proving that crime would be a great challenge and the defense has little leverage to bring that charge about. > arcane syntax Python's seaborn has visualization capability that seems to compare well with ggplot2. Considerably more readable, IMO. Does SCTP have a better CRC/checksum than TCP? EDIT: yes, it does. As of RFC 3309, it uses CRC32c (the one which has an instruction in SSE). > does not register as dated because Reubens designed him, from the jump, as untethered to any one moment in time I happened to catch a more recent reincarnation (~2011?) of a stage performance of Pee-Wee on Amazon Prime. There was some entertaining references to decades past and Konky/Magic Screen were acknowledged to be a little 'out of date'. ...here in the USA > Chinese people don't grow up thinking about democracy and decentralization and individual freedom and liberty." > He says while the West wrings its hands over how to upgrade the network, the Chinese Bitcoin community's attitude is, "Don't bother me, I'm trying to make my money here." It's interesting. The Chinese merchants, users, and hashers all have inputs here. Ultimately if they want to make money they should consider how the global marketplace reacts to the blockchain debate. So, really, it's shortsighted to not consider the "western handwringing." I get " ERROR 503: Service Unavailable: Back-end server is at capacity." as of Tue Feb 16 23:07:18 UTC 2016 > Has this now changed (at least for Seagate)? I suspect rotating drives have a variety of several failure modes, some of which could be predicted by SMART, others which it's unlikely to be predicted. Each new model is probably bound to have a different pareto of failure modes. Ok, but IMO this is a much lesser evil than (1) compulsory lawful-override of encryption/back door or (2) legislation to exclude devices which don't provide back doors. Ultimately states will develop the capacity for brute forcing and you have relatively little recourse. While I hate the idea of a three letter agency doing this at any scale large or small, the potential for corrupt local LEOs to abuse their power with an encryption backdoor is very great. Tsk, this appears to be from 2009 and not 2014. But still pretty relevant IMO. > That works for Qwest's CEOs, but probably not Apple's. For everyone else's sake, this appears to be a reference to Joseph Nacchio [1]. I hadn't heard of him before. It's a weird feeling to have sympathy for someone who has resources enough to bring their criminal case through appeals all the way to the Supreme Court. From the wikipedia article alone, I have no idea what to believe. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Nacchio Yeah, fair enough. That was not appropriate. No, it means that pastebin just wants credit (ads etc) for serving up the page. Use http://pastebin.com/nxYG07xk (it's the original, no mirror required). Sure, the article seems to acknowledge as much: > "I actually prefer it when people do identify it as the worst game of all time because I also did Yars Revenge and that's frequently identified as one of the best of all time. So between the two, I have the greatest range of any designer in history!" I really liked Yars' Revenge. That constant droning sound -- it was really unlike anything I'd heard at that point. > ... instead of going to Congress for a new law I hate to be in the position of defending the FBI, but this new law would be irrelevant if it's ex post facto, yeah? > Game theory, tit-for-tat, and mutually assured destruction all make intelligence gathering necessary Are you sure you meant "mutually assured destruction" there? That generally refers to annihilating one's opponent -- that's out of scope for intelligence, right? I'm almost positive that I heard about it here. It's Raft's primary distinguishing feature from Paxos, right? But hey, if you hadn't heard about it then there's a good chance that other HNers haven't either. I was pretty quick to knee jerk ask myself "Why is this any better than any other schema?" (I was not convinced that "API discovery" was, by itself, a good enough case). Then I read the very practical first sentence of the jsonapi page: "If you've ever argued with your team about the way your JSON responses should be formatted, JSON API can be your anti-bikeshedding tool." That alone is probably huge. May not mean much for individual projects, but it's good enough for me to bookmark for the future. Indeed, it sounded as if the bugzilla page somehow had a hand in bringing down the palm site. Poor Yuhong Bao, probably not what he'd hoped for when he opened this bug. No good deed goes unpunished. :/ I think some of us HNers might fondly recall the Palm series and nostalgia is likely responsible for many an upvote. Refer to the product identified as having the bug: > Product: Tech Evangelism > For reporting web pages that need to be upgraded to support web standards and Gecko-based browsers. And for reporting add-ons that exhibit common problems that make Firefox run sub-optimally. It's not clear to me what the whitelist referred to is. Sorry if it wasn't clear by linking to a post instead of the repository itself. There is indeed something to try out, here's the git repo along with details on how to build and run the tests and create new tests: https://bitbucket.org/ebadf/fuzzpy/ You've posted this in the "Who's hiring?" thread instead of the "Who's looking for work?" thread as it seems you were looking for. I am. No, someone is probably confusing this with something that would be related to derivative works. Unless perhaps the software ships with audio samples that are granted royalty-free usage to anyone who has a legit license to the software package? Extremely unlikely, just trying to imagine why someone would think this. > Prepend cd to directory names automatically, so you can cd into directories just by typing their name; I'm pretty sure this is a solution to a problem I don't have today. > Treat hyphens and underscores as equivalent; > Automatically correct spelling errors during tab-completion; I'm terrified to put this in my shell. Then again, it's not all-or-nothing: > cherry-pick the options you like most ... everything is open for discussion I hear a lot about it -- could you give me your favorite 2-3 features that make you prefer it over bash? You mean it saves you one edit in the case where you've mistyped the directory name? Otherwise it seems like no keystrokes are saved among the two you show. EDIT: groan, ok, you win. Net -1 keystroke for most keyboards. I read some of the slides, focusing on the sybil attack mitigation. Just how hard is this PoW? Is it really hard relative to the potential gain from fraud? This is super neat. Is the vertical scale fixed? Midwestern US hills are a challenge to bike IMO but probably not impressive when compared w/these fantastic alpine landscapes. Nice! She'll need it. Recovering micro-g is rough stuff. IMO unless you have trouble falling asleep, the "bed is for sleep or sex" advice is not as useful as "just make sure you get enough sleep." > I find it pretty amazing how modern "programmers" are lacking in knowledge of basic computer science concepts. IMO this is the natural evolution of programming. It has gotten remarkably easier to write complex programs that deliver real value to society. How fantastic is it that modern programmers don't need to understand the science of computers in order to be productive? Yes, we will always need science and engineering and folks who understand the underlying technology. But the field is broadening into new places. Like it or not, when uncle Fred writes an excel macro, he's programming. And good for him! Since it told me "yes" (because the weather is nice?), I still kinda think that's what it is. it does seem to exclude media. > Built-in speaker for voice feedback when not connected to external speakers > Includes a built-in speaker so it can work on its own as a smart alarm clock in the bedroom, an assistant in the kitchen, or anywhere you might want a voice-controlled computer Does Crater ever find unstable tests that don't pass consistently on a good baseline? If so, do you just blacklist those packages and/or feedback improvements? NM: after reading more carefully, it's clear that at least in the case where rust causes the "regression" you feedback the improvements, so likely the same for unstable tests. Ah, I thought it was doing "cargo test" to see if the compiled code had a functional regression. But that would be challenging to investigate regressions (especially in the face of unstable tests). Presumably any request from the FBI for new software includes the fact that the new release has been signed. What good would an unsigned software release do for the FBI? The resources to create that signature likely exceed the ones to jump past the code that does an erase after too many attempts. The signed software with bad behavior is precisely what Apple is afraid to unleash upon the world. Some FBI agents have recently shown themselves to be extremely untrustworthy with valuable items [1]. [1] http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/30/politics/federal-agents-charge... Actually it seems very likely that one or more of the popular linux distro package manager ecosystems would fare well on other OSs. Arch Linux's pacman was ported to Windows, e.g.. OpenMP FTW! Also, I'm using libFuzzer in my CPython fuzzer [1], and it's getting more awesome with each release. [1] https://bitbucket.org/ebadf/fuzzpy Thanks, Alex. The newsletter is handy. And belated congratulations BTW. There's a C/C++ frontend/variant of clang that's useful for cross-compiling: ellcc [1]. [1] http://ellcc.org/ I don't think that's right if there's really a fixed cost per each snapshot. The website says this in the pricing FAQ: > Each snapshot is billed €0.50 per creation and €0.002 per 50GB/h up to 500 continuous hours. Why is the snapshot billed per-rate instead of per-time or per-capacity? > energy efficient and more cost effective ... engaging the industry to identify better disk solutions for cloud based applications My pet issue w/IT infrastructure is the management modules. Finding a server w/a management module that works everytime is nigh impossible. Do google and Facebook design their own or do they somehow just work around their quirks? Yeah, here's a similar neural network image analogy one that used photos with interesting results: https://github.com/awentzonline/image-analogies Well, great job, team! I get a free speedup for my non-numpy/scipy projects and that's flipping awesome. The 2.7 and 3.2 support is just fine for my needs. Your focus on the C API emulation seems totally appropriate to me. If numpy and friends worked well on pypy, IMO there'd be little reason left to use CPython. My username is a reference to Project Wildfire from "The Andromeda Strain". In the novel, Andromeda mutates into something that can consume rubber -- the same materials used throughout the world as seals against contagion. So, yeah, if life imitates art it could get pretty interesting. Wouldn't it be interesting if ancient historians found evidence of the flood and it made its way into mythology? "Science inspires religion." > The problem came to light in a lawsuit challenging the racial makeup of the grand jury that indicted Luis Colon Osario, a defendant in the $7.1 million robbery of a Wells Fargo depot in West Hartford in 1983. Gee, it started out as a chuckle but this is scary. Tsk, seems like there should be some sort of check in place. How would we know if our counties had a similar issue? Sure, sure, that was 1992 but we've got plenty of clever bugs hiding in code written in this century too. What if the side effect of the chemotherapy (on appetite, etc) were actually responsible for more of the therapeutic value than the primary effect? Well, correct me if I'm wrong: you can understand the mechanism by which the chemotherapy acts in the body, but when trying to understand the effectiveness of the treatment you couldn't really isolate the "side effect" from the primary effect in terms of its therapeutic value. Unless you had chemotherapies which were effective despite a lack of those side effects. Does it support code syntax highlighting? (I'm not already familiar w/Jekyll). But a fix should come via the normal update channel soon? I'm on wily, should I expect to add this PPA or risk vulnerability? > On October 15, 2003, almost nine years after Bernstein first brought the case, the judge dismissed it and asked Bernstein to come back when the government made a "concrete threat". I guess the threat's technically not here yet, but seems like it's right around the corner. djb, pack your bags for the ninth circuit. Oh, to be constrained by "a few TB/s".... :) This blog entry is remarkably clear about the problem and why the suggestion of barring non-key escrow'd encryption won't work. All of the points in this thread which indicate a distinction between what is and is not speech are all based on the legal precedents up until this point. The US legal system finds precedents valuable, but there's always an opportunity to find some new distinction or test. SCOTUS can make special distinction for encryption because implementations in practice are both a tool with independent utility and communicate an idea. I think it might actually be the case. It's a testament to how valuable it is to have a ubiquitous platform (especially one that's fairly uniform) on which to run your software. But, sure, SO is extrapolating here. Well, even if there weren't a problem with age bias I would expect the median to be skewed lower. The details indicate that not all respondents are professionals. This could include youths, still in secondary school who are learning to program. But if the age distribution of people is such that the median age of humans were 27, it shouldn't concern us that the median age of this population of survey respondents is 27. I don't know what the human population distribution is but I took a quick peek at the US census bureau and it seems to indicate much more young people than older. I suppose that shouldn't really be surprising. Yes, you should reply. What's the risk? The protocol is that they disclose their discovery to you first and then you reward them. If you honestly tell them that you plan to offer them no reward, then you and they can feel comfortable continuing the transaction knowing the terms have been made clear to all parties. I'm looking forward to the first theremin app. So is there a super PAC that supports the agenda of encryption as a right? If not, should we make one? The original audience might not have been as broad as HN's, but it should've been expanded upon first usage IMO. > It's strange that on every podcast episode they don't suggest a way for me to contribute. On NPR one app, they do occasionally have a "donate now" opportunity and their pitch ends with "we're looking forward to connecting with you...". If you're not using that app, then you might be hearing content that NPR syndicates but if they raised money it wouldn't be for your local station. You can tell NPR went to some pains to integrate local broadcasting in their app. If NPR-one hassled you with every item, it would get old fast -- some of the news clips are just over a minute or two long. > many island solutions with firewalls I wonder if it will be less pernicious than this. > Same goes for China, Russia ... great firewall. I don't know about Russia but it certainly seems that China is establishing some social networks that are wholly distinct from other western ones. In that way they're "island solutions" but less malicious sounding. Trump's pretty bad IMO, but worst case scenario he'd only be the president. There's really good checks against the president's power. The unfortunate (glaring) exception being that we've somehow lost track of the bit about Congress being the only one who can execute a declaration of war. > the best of C# and Rust e.g.? I've only just scratched the surface of Rust and dismissed C# as a Java clone (but maybe I shouldn't have?). What's some examples of the best of Swift that you see? It's not clear from the submitted title nor the page requesting login what the feature is for. I only know now because you've explained it here. EDIT: I'm not the grandparent poster, I wouldn't have written it like that, just trying to explain that I was puzzled about what this all meant. I would hope that content type negotiation should mean that we could capitalize on it where it's supported. How great would it be if coreutils could get replaced with this implementation? We've seen vulnerabilities come from here before. I suppose this coreutils impl doesn't do it but one could perhaps use rust w/o its standard library and use strictly some libc instead. Would probably still be a net win. As best I can tell, that last graph would've been clearer as a bar graph and not a scatter plot (or at least better labels). The x axis merely indicates the location. So, "mean annual salaries by location (in kUSD)" might be a good title for the last one. I can endorse the Dell XPS13 9343: small, light, great battery life, great screen/keyboard. It's not perfect, but it's pretty good. Some folks decided to replace the Broadcom wifi with Intel, because it's not ideal for linux. I believe that the newest XPS13 uses Intel instead. It's excellent IMO > Isn't the whole promise of testing is easier maintenance in the long run? Well, it's not as if the point is regarding testing vs not, it's regarding the balance of what kind of tests LLVM should have. LLVM and Clang have extraordinarily well-defined interfaces at their boundary (C/C++/LLVM IR|executables), so writing regression tests is bound to reap great value over time. Writing unit tests, less so. The benefit of unit tests over ones with larger scope is that it's often easier (or possible at all) to write tests that cover uncommon use cases/environments/errors. A less tangible benefit of unit tests is that it helps guide sufficient decomposition of the design-under-test. From what I've seen, LLVM doesn't need any help in this area, they're extraordinarily well-disciplined here. The interesting bit I was eagerly anticipating is buried way down in "3.1 Exception-Less Syscall Interface." How'd they do it? Syscall pages. This sounds really interesting, though apparently not terribly new. I'd be really concerned about trust issues, but I'm sure it could be done safely. Lots of room for corner cases, especially w/NUMA. > The group has since released 19 free online games, along with accompanying lesson plans, with the idea of making civics education less about rote learning and more about giving middle school students an animated glimpse into how different branches of government and the Constitution work. What a great idea! Which? You're one who bakes or one whose surname is "Baker"? But as copyright holder you're not bound to use that license ever-after. You can change the terms for all versions to be "strictly proprietary." I would love to hear from a lawyer but I would speculate that it would mean that you would effectively subject yourself to infringement if you published a derived work even if those terms changed after your publication. I wasn't so sure, so I checked. IMO based on this info it's not settled. http://law.stackexchange.com/a/837/4947 http://law.stackexchange.com/q/8132/4947 From [3]: > If GPL or Creative Commons-type licenses are subject to later termination by authors (or their heirs), and this termination power cannot validly be waived, then users of such works must confront the possibility that the licenses may be revoked in the fiture and the works effectively withdrawn from public use, with potentially chaotic results. Although a number of judge-made doctrines may be invoked to restrict termination of a license granted for the benefit of the public, the better course would be for Congress to enact new legislation expressly authorizing authors to make a nonwaiveable, irrevocable dedication of their works, in whole or in part to the use and benefit of the public-a possibility that the Patent Act expressly recognizes, but the Copyright Act presently does not. [3] http://scholarship.law.uc.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=11... I wasn't so sure, so I checked. IMO based on this info it's not settled. http://law.stackexchange.com/a/837/4947 http://law.stackexchange.com/q/8132/4947 From [3]: > If GPL or Creative Commons-type licenses are subject to later termination by authors (or their heirs), and this termination power cannot validly be waived, then users of such works must confront the possibility that the licenses may be revoked in the fiture and the works effectively withdrawn from public use, with potentially chaotic results. Although a number of judge-made doctrines may be invoked to restrict termination of a license granted for the benefit of the public, the better course would be for Congress to enact new legislation expressly authorizing authors to make a nonwaiveable, irrevocable dedication of their works, in whole or in part to the use and benefit of the public-a possibility that the Patent Act expressly recognizes, but the Copyright Act presently does not. [3] http://scholarship.law.uc.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=11... Yeah, kinda scary right? I'll keep digging, I'm surprised that a change in the wording of the license can't solve the problem. I'm assuming that if that's all it took, the author of that paper wouldn't have called for legislation changes. npm's TOS is not quite the same because it's not a license. Therefore it's not governed by 17 USC (Copyrights). But if it were a contract, changing the terms of the contract probably is bound by some laws somewhere. I doubt that the TOS constitutes a contract but it seems like an analogous problem to whether the acceptance of the open source license constitutes a contract. Here in the burbs I'm thrilled w/USPS delivery. Weekends or weekdays, I get good results. And Sunday deliveries! It's great that they've got all that explanatory prose for the metrics. That would help when reviewing data with other team members who aren't familiar with the context of each of these. I have less of a realtime system review need than a post-mortem need. Today, I'll use kSar to do that, but this tool looks much more capable. It's too bad that it doesn't provide an init script or other startup feature. The installer, while it doesn't seem to follow typical distribution patterns, is otherwise fairly complete. There's a typo in the URL for the "process" link in "They even have a process for deciding what to do when a vulnerability is discovered." Should be https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2014/04/28/heartbleed-unders... It's interesting that the government (at least this part: " Special Assistant to the President and Cybersecurity Coordinator") recognizes the pros/cons: > Disclosing a vulnerability can mean that we forego an opportunity to collect crucial intelligence ... Building up a huge stockpile of undisclosed vulnerabilities while leaving the Internet vulnerable and the American people unprotected would not be in our national security interest. > Fuck it, we're based in Ireland now Apple has an enormous investment in their design team in Cupertino. It would be an enormous impact to their product development capability to start over somewhere else. It's not enough to say "HQ is over here bro," court orders still work in California. Then again this whole All Writs effort to "build me a tool to help my investigation" seems to break new ground. Maybe it wouldn't even be enough to pack up and move all R&D out of the US (e.g. injunction on US sales until the foreign Apple company complies). For the past 5-6 years I've used https://taxact.com/ and haven't needed Windows. My house has a pantload of computers, none of which have Windows installed -- it's actually been this way for years. I have an ubuntu laptop, my wife uses OS X. My kids mostly use iOS/android devices and occasionally another ubuntu laptop or chromebook. Maybe the NT kernel could gain a linux-syscall-compatible layer, instead of adding compatibility in userspace. That would allow for compatible (same-arch) binaries! (EDIT: this would also require ELF loaders and all kinds of other good stuff, but still a possibility IMO)