With XorShift as the PRNG, Rust is now almost on par with C and beating the DMD and GDC D implementations. If the syntax were stable, and the standard library and documentation improved, then we'd seriously consider it as an alternative to C++ for parts of our current project. I should have made it clearer; when I said "Lazy evaluation often tricked me up", I meant that I made the stupid mistake of thinking Haskell could somehow magically evaluate the shortest branch first via lazy evaluation. I.e. lazy evaluation tricked led me to make mistakes due to expecting too much from it, not because of any inherent fault in lazy evaluation. Excellent, that was just the kind of thing I was looking for, thank you. It would be great to this documented in the Rust Tutorial section on vectors. My apologies, I was in a hurry; I'll try to put more effort into presentation in future. Are there prominent guidelines for good-looking code in Rust? The most recent Haskell version uses the MWC PRNG rather than Mersenne, reaching 1.05s (53% the speed of C). That's a respectable number, especially for such an expressive language. I imagine if someone could adjust it to use XorShift it would run even faster. Is it possible to use LLVM? That generally compiles faster code for me than GCC, although that may be because my LLVM version is slightly newer. Although it wouldn't really be relevant for the level generation we're doing unless the memory usage was outrageous, I'm open to including memory usage in the table for comprehensiveness's sake. What would you say is the best way to measure ram usage on Linux; is there something as simple as 'time ./ThisExecutable' is for measuring time? Take the code here: https://github.com/logicchains/levgen-benchmarks/blob/master... and run it. Then, take the same code, change the genRooms function to contain: where noFit = genRooms (n-1) (restInts) rsDone tr = Room {rPos=(x,y), rw= w, rh= h} x = rem (U.unsafeHead randInts) levDim y = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 1) levDim restInts = U.unsafeDrop 4 randInts w = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 2) maxWid + minWid h = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 3) maxWid + minWid And change: let rands = U.unfoldrN 10000000 (Just . next) gen to: let rands = U.unfoldrN 20000000 (Just . next) gen The running time should double. Does it? Or does it increase by orders of magnitude? The latter is what happens to me. Thanks, I've included max resident memory statistics on the benchmark. The benchmark now includes maximum resident memory usage. Go does indeed perform quite well (at least with 6g), using around 30MiB, compared to around 25/26MiB for the non-garbage-collected languages. Scala is memory-heavy, as expected, and Rust seems to use a surprising amount of memory for some reason. I'd like to test it with the new Rust-coded runtime, especially if it's faster, but I won't have time to build it for a couple of days. I actually avoided building it earlier because I thought the new scheduler was slower and needed time to mature (I think I read that it doesn't yet swap tasks between threads, or something along those lines?), but I must have misread. True. I didn't actually realise the Nimrod implementation was garbage collected, I just assumed for some reason it managed memory in a hidden manual way like the C++ implementation. Note that garbage collection may not actually occur in this benchmark; for the single threaded benchmark at least, the Go runtime didn't make a single call to the GC, so D and Nimrod might be similar. It's done differently in Go because someone else wrote it, and I found it to be faster than the version I wrote using a worker pool of 4 tasks. If you look closely you'll see it doesn't actually ever run more than 4 goroutines simultaneously. Thanks, that makes it faster than Scala. No worries. A commenter here submitted a faster version, so it uses that now instead anyway. GCC outputs a jmp in the assembly for GenRands rather than a cmov. This involves branching, leading to branch misses, which waste time. I was using LLVM 3.2 because Rust and LLVM-D use that, so I thought it was fair. GCC 4.7 followed from this because I assumed it was of the same generation as LLVM 3.2, and that 4.8.1 was newer so less fair to compare to LLVM 3.2. Maybe a compiler bug? I'll post a question on Stack Overflow then when I have time. You're right that it probably makes for a better benchmark, and I tried to use recent versions for the other languages, I just didn't bother for C and C++ as I assumed they'd already be the fastest in class so there was no need to test on the latest compilers. Thanks! And sure, I'll put the compiler versions up sometime next week, along with the compile times. I tested it with the new runtime, but it only ran at around 87% of the speed of the original. I also needed to add a task::deschedule() call to make the scheduler behave. That simply isn't the case any more. The GCC and the LLVM can, for the majority of cases, write far faster assembly than the average assembly programmer. Naive C or C++ is faster than naive Go, but naive assembly is probable slower than even naive Go (the Go compiler produces optimised assembly, just not as well optimised as the assembly produced by C compilers). I would be interested to hear why they're "biased against using placebos because [they] consider it unethical". There is rigorous scientific support for the effectiveness of placebos in some situations, so by not supporting their uses they're effectively cutting patients off from a cheap, easy to produce treatment. Sure, lying isn't particularly ethical, but neither is denying a patient a valid treatment, so I wonder how they decided between the two. Statistically speaking, people have reasons to distrust the competence of doctors. From the article here http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142412788732342380457902... , for instance: "Both studies also found that about 25% of the time antibiotics were being prescribed for conditions in which they have no use, such as viral infections." Anybody who's studied even high school level microbiology (or spent a minute on the Wikipedia article on antibiotics) knows that antibiotics only work on bacteria, not viruses. I imagine it's hard for people to trust doctors when they make basic mistakes like that. Even the CDC ( http://www.cdc.gov/drugresistance/threat-report-2013/pdf/ar-... ) has stated that: "Up to half of antibiotic use in humans and much of antibiotic use in animals is unnecessary and inappropriate and makes everyone less safe". So if doctors can't even be trusted to not prescribe antibiotics as treatment for viral infections, why would people trust them regarding other more complex matters? Thanks for pointing that out, I'll pay attention to their next post. I skimmed over the content you linked, and it did suggest that placebo "can influence patient-reported outcomes, especially pain and nausea". It reminded me of this article: http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/01/28/the-depress... , which seemed to suggest a legitimate use case for placebo treatment. A cynic might say "follow the money". There's an awful lot of money behind the push for GMO, and a powerful company with a reputation for doing unethical things (Monsanto). Many people are quite emotionally (and/or politically) invested in the concept of global warming. I'm not saying I disagree that GMOs are harmless or that global warming is occurring, only that often when people speak with such vitriol they're doing it in the name of money or emotion, not science. Well then maybe if there was some kind of register of the doctors that did in fact practice science based medicine, public trust would be improved, although I imagine there's probably some legal or political obstacle standing in the way of that. Well if they're all aware of that yet some still prescribe antibiotics for viral infections due to pressure from patients, isn't that an ethical issue? If for some reason bloodletting came into fashion again among the populace, would doctors be acting ethically if they caved into patients' demands to give them that therapy? Doctors won't prescribe useless treatments like homeopathics to patients, so why can't they say no to patients asking for antibiotics when antibiotics would be ineffective? Well if patients are the problem then the whole thing's a moot point; patients are just getting what they deserve for refusing not only to trust doctors but also to do even a tiny bit of research for themselves. The problem is that such things can harm the whole population, even those who make sensible health decisions, due to how antibiotics overuse encourages the development of antibiotics-resistant superbugs. If doctors can't stop this, then who can? You wouldn't think such a major search company would allow one to watch movies or listen to copyright music free of charge just by clicking the 'movies' or 'mp3' search tags, but Baidu does (at least to residents here; I'm not sure if the same is possible for people outside of China). Maybe because it's hard to imagine an organisation being outside of the reach of the MPAA? It's interesting to see the statement that a problem like this can 'probably only be solved by governments' when governments so far have completely failed to solve it, and the proposed non-government solutions (such as removing the limitations on the liability of polluters, and allowing those whose health or livelihood has been injured by pollution to sue, potentially by class action) have never even been attempted. "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and inspecting a different result." After a few large polluters went bankrupt after multi-billion dollar payouts to fishermen, beachgoers and such, I imagine industry as a whole would be more wary about pollution. Without limited liability - limited by government, I should add - BP would almost certainly be bankrupt by now. As would whichever company owned the nuclear plant that leaked in Japan. If you have X amount of money and Y goods/service, the ratio of money per unit of good/service is X/Y. Economic growth increases the amount of goods/services provided; tractors dig more holes than shovels, and so on. This means Y increases, and thus X/Y must decrease: the cost per unit of good/service decreases. The project was completed using fewer than 45 lines of it, as suggested in the title. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MathematiciansAns... http://www.buzzfeed.com/ludwigwittgenstein/fantastic-ways-to... I lived in China for a couple of years, and it was generally accepted among the technologically savvy people I knew that most large web/software companies (Baidu, Tencent, Sina) spied on their users for the Chinese government. "To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback; it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment. And to do that, as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it, Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble." - Paul Krugman, 2002 He doesn't always give the best advice... I'm not trying to defend the guy if he actually meant what people here seem to think he meant, but it's possible he was referring to how society ('we') doesn't care about minorities, rather than saying that he himself doesn't care about minorities. The minimum wage is ultimately always zero; employers can simply choose to not hire you if they think your productivity is not enough to justify paying you the minimum. As an Australian who spent a couple of years in Asia (where minimum wages are much lower than Australia's $16/hour), one of the most stinking things I noticed was how much easier it was to find work there. I have 'unskilled' Australian friends who have spent months looking for work, without luck, whereas in Singapore for instance it seemed rare for somebody to take more than a week or two to find work. While the quality of the work may be lower than that of minimum-wage work in Australia, it at least provides unskilled individuals with an opportunity to develop the experience, skills and confidence necessary to move onto better jobs, while their Australian counterparts are still sitting around at home feeling dejected at being unable to find work. The American people. Isn't this kind of thing the reason why your constitution gives you guys guns? If a tyrant took over, if all else failed you could always just shoot them. "Children aged 5, 6, and 7 remembered 60% or more of the early-life events. In contrast, children aged 8 and 9 years remembered fewer than 40% of the early-life events". It is wrong to disbelieve him without knowing the standard deviation of the results. 40% is an average! For all we know (I can't check, as I don't have access to the original paper), there could have been two kids who had 90% recall and eight kids who had less than 40% recall. Knowing the standard deviation (and the nature of the distribution of results, whether it's a bell curve or whatever), would allow us to determine the probability of somebody having 90% recall post-childhood amnesia. Even if that probability was only 1/100, considering more than 100 people frequent this site it's expected that a few of them would have said 90% recall. More scientifically: happy faces are more attractive. http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02699931.2013.817... Note the study I reference only used faces, and used the same facial images, digitally altering them to alter the facial expressions. As opposed to Happy Guys Finish Last, which used different photos and included the upper body in the shots. At least this is the internet; if the creators remained anonymous, it shouldn't be too hard for them to continue providing the service in spite of the administration's wishes to the contrary. Especially with for instance something like Tor, assuming that's still functional. And Himler was taught that killing millions of minorities was a good and honest action, yet the judge still found him guilty at Nuremberg. It's generally accepted that "I was just following orders" is not an acceptable reason for perpetuating atrocities. The reasoning you describe is not the only reason people oppose market regulation. Personally, I find the idea disgusting that somebody could be imprisoned (and killed if they resist) simply for selling something to somebody else, something that the other person was happy to buy. The idea that violence is perfectly justified just because somebody provided a shitty phone experience almost physically sickens me. How about 'Root Null'? With a name like that, their systems would tremble. Marriage is marriage, no matter how good one's job is. TempleOS would beg to differ. Because it's much easier to move if your government sucks? It's hardly productive to call crazy one of the very few senators who has consistently and without compromise opposed the kind of things the fightback in question was referring to. It's no wonder America's in the state it is, when someone is called crazy for opposing war, but the presidents who readily kill children and innocents by proxy (drones) are seen as perfectly sane. Translation: everyone who wasn't an auto worker would be slightly poorer. American auto unions fundamentally undermined any incentive auto manufacturers had to innovate. If a man with dynamite digs more holes than one with a shovel, is that man's increased productivity the result of his own effort? No. Auto unions claim pay raises proportional to increases in output per worker (productivity), regardless of the sources of these increases. This means manufacturers have no incentive to invest in better facilities or to innovate, as any profit from this innovation would be eaten up as wages. >I think the theory is that if all workers were unionized, they would be able to negotiate for a larger share of the profits that are currently taken by the owners of capital. How would them negotiating for a larger share of the profits be a good thing when they were already taking enough of a share of the profits to drive auto companies into bankruptcy? >You are assuming a world where the union has absolute power; The role of a union in a market system is to negotiate with the owners of capitol. If you have laws where only union members are allowed to work in auto factories, or that non-union members aren't allowed to work there, then the unions do have absolute power within those industries. >It's important to at least understand what your opponent is trying to say. I understand what they're trying to say. I'm just responding that paying auto workers more would not result in a net benefit to the middle class. If as the parent's scenario implies there is nowhere else for manufacturers to find labor (which implies no outsourcing), then for every increase in automobile prices that's brought about by increases in auto workers' wages, that means less resources available for car buyers to spend on other things. Unions in the American style cannot make the pie bigger, they can only divide it differently. More pie to unionised workers hence means less pie for everyone else (including the other workers who now can't find work as auto makers can afford fewer employees as they have to pay them more). I believe it's what used to be called 'craftsmanship'. Taking pride in creating things that are efficient and not wasteful for no other reason than the desire to make the best product possible. The point I was trying to make is that if you spend your time to make something that works really efficiently, and you take pride in it, then you haven't wasted your time. It doesn't benefit nobody, it benefits yourself, because you can take pride in your work. At least, I believe this idea is part of what's implied in the traditional notion of 'craftsmanship'. An example might be working nine hours per day rather than eight to produce something that only uses 10% of the resources (and that extra hour is unpaid). For some people, that extra hour would be a waste, but for others, it would bring them greater satisfaction knowing they'd delivered a more efficient product, even if it brought them no extra revenue. >Similarly, if your software runs in 1% of CPU on a typical customer's machine, spending 10x the time and resources to make it run in 0.1% is not laudable. No, but spending 1.2x the time and resources might be. That's not an unreasonable proposition; something written in Go, C# or Scala can run 10 to 100 times faster than the equivalent code in Ruby, but it certainly doesn't take 10 to 100 times longer to write the code. It also conserves resources; you're reducing the amount of the world's non-renewable energy that your app consumes by up to 90%. You're also freeing up your users' machines to do more things simultaneously while running your program, potentially increasing the user's enjoyment of the system in the case of a desktop app. > Except the difference at the margin is never just an extra hour of a day. It's almost ways weeks instead of days or years instead of month. Maybe we're thinking of different things here. What I had in mind was more along the lines of for instance choosing Go or Scala instead of Rails or *.js and getting a 10x speedup at the cost of simply adding a few type declarations. There are situations like yours where deadlines leave little choice, but there are also situations where a bit more leeway is available. Generally electricity use is roughly proportional to CPU and RAM usage, as they're powered by electricity. If you have two otherwise identical programs, one of which uses 50% of the cpu and the other of which use 10%, chances are the latter will use less electricity. Maybe German manufacturing would be a better example? You're right I suppose. I think as someone who's not a webdev I just have trouble imagining the productivity benefits of something like Rails or Node.js. I assumed that nowadays there'd be frameworks in statically typed languages with type inferences that were almost as productive as Node and Rails, and hence could provide both fast development speed and efficient executables. You could always take the job and then build a tiny vulnerability into the exhaust ports. It'd be incredibly difficult for anybody to take advantage of such a vulnerability, so you'd probably get away with it. The proportion of sociopaths is usually estimated to be at least around 1%, so that's almost 70 million potential guilt-free killers out there, 3 million of them American. As someone who's written a bit of Common Lisp, I can say that the macros are a pretty awesome feature to use. Common Lisp has the advantage over Clojure and Scheme that the SBCL compiler is incredibly fast; it can come close to C#/F# on Mono for some tasks, in spite of Lisp being a dynamic language. It also compiles code and expands macros much faster. It's got more power than the other lisps, but it's also less elegant, so make of that what you will. Mother Teresa told Africans condoms were evil. Gandhi was a racist. "We were then marched off to a prison intended for Kaffirs. We could understand not being classed with whites, but to be placed on the same level as the Natives seemed too much to put up with. Kaffirs are as a rule uncivilized -- the convicts even more so. They are troublesome, very dirty and live like animals." - Ghandi 1. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/irene-monroe/the-gandhi-none-o... Thanks! I'm rerunning it and updating the tables progressively every few hours as optimisations are suggested. Feel free to make a pull request. Ideally within a day or so the implementations will have all been optimised enough to make for fairer comparison. I understand that a Pandas table would be a better idea, but the purpose of this benchmark is comparing the speed of the raw languages. It mentions that later in the post. The implementations in the final two tables use bignums for fairness and to avoid overflow. Great, I'll include that in the next run of the benchmark. Is it Python 3 or 2? (Does it work with Pypy) Also, if you're comparing it to C you should compare it to C3.c, from the final tables, which uses bignums like Python does automatically. *Edit: I tried your faster_py.py, but it didn't seem any faster than Pypy2.py in the repo (running both with Pypy). I haven't yet got the Pandas version to work due to library compatibility issues (I've got about five versions of Python installed; still working on it). Interesting, thanks. It might be faster than FS.fs but not FS2.fs, as I think: tradesArray.[i] TradeId = idx; ClientId = idx; ... } would lead to the creation of a new object every time whereas: trades.[i].TradeId doesn't. Ah, right. I've included your version (converted to Python 3) as Python3_fst; it's around twice as fast as regular CPython 3.3. No problem. The style of implementations 1 of F# and C# is meant to mimic the style of Java1, the implementation from the original post that inspired the benchmark. F#2 and C#2 use a faster form of allocation. JavaUnsafe uses an implementation more directly comparable to C, but it's actually slower than the Java2 implementation. Interesting. I suspect for this particular program it'd have to be in low latency mode for the entire run. It doesn't seem to make too much of a different to the C#2 implementation however (the one using sensible allocation), so I suspect that one isn't generating too much garbage. It ran at about the same speed as my FS.fs, so I've updated FS.fs in the repo to use your code. Interestingly, I had to change "let main() =" to "let main =" to make it run. There are words in other languages, French for instance, that with an accent changed or removed have completely different meaning. Name one historical instance of bank runs leading to riots. Presumably under the assumption that an exchange such as Mt Gox would be able to keep the coins safer than they themselves could, which now doesn't seem like a particularly sound assumption to make. So instead of the the people who knowingly took a risk in investing in a risky prospect suffering, taxpayers who took no such risks have to foot the bill instead? Great. That wasn't the bank run causing riots. That was the government policy which froze deposits, to avert a bank run, that caused riots. The riot was because the government froze deposits so people weren't allowed to withdraw money from the banks. My original (implied) point was that bank runs themselves don't necessarily cause the chaos they're made out to, so if anything this supports my case: if the government had allowed the bank to collapse, there may not have been riots. I wonder if it would be possible to write an AI to manage a Bitcoin exchange; cut out the human element and the potential for mistakes/scamming completely? Before the exchange is launched, publish the AI's source and have it undergo an extensive public audit. To quote the Wikipedia[1] article on the riots: "The uprising was a predominantly middle-class uprising against the government of President Fernando de la Rúa, who had failed to contain the economic crisis that was going through its third year of recession". "The unrest started when Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo introduced restrictions to the withdrawal of cash from bank deposits, intending to stop the draining of deposits that had been taking place throughout 2001 and had reached the point where 25% of all the money in the banks had been withdrawn." People had were previously gradually withdrawing money over time.; no 'bank run' had occurred. The Corralito occurred, which among other political factors lead sections of the populace to riot. Read the article. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/December_2001_riots_%28Argentin... No, they weren't. To quote the Wikipedia[1] article on the riots: "The uprising was a predominantly middle-class uprising against the government of President Fernando de la Rúa, who had failed to contain the economic crisis that was going through its third year of recession". 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/December_2001_riots_%28Argentin... The Cyprus riots were not due to a bank run; they were due to the government's decisions to prevent citizens from withdrawing their money. From the article you linked: "Riots are now being reported in Cyprus as citizens are furious at the Troika’s decision to rob the citizens to pay for the bad debts of banks." I'll give you the others, however. The fact that two are from over a century and a half ago however seems to support my implication that bank runs don't necessarily lead to riots (and more specifically, that not bailing out banks won't necessarily lead to riots). Seems like a great opportunity for Bitcoin, if Bitcoin can overcome the many other hurdles it faces: anonymous crowdfunding, capable of circumventing ridiculous laws like this. >Former US presidential candidate Senator John McCain said he was "disappointed" by the UK's position and said European countries were "ignoring the lessons of history". I'm not normally one to agree with McCain, but he does have a (sad) point here. As opposed as I may be to fighting costly wars in far away places, it's disheartening to recall what happened when this attitude of non-intervention was applied to Hitler's invasion of Czechoslovakia. -WetPsyyyyyyy Just for reference, the parent is a reference to a lyric from Psy's (the Korean artist responsible for Gangnam Style) song 'Gentleman', wherein he parodies the expression 'Westsiiiiiide' (not that this necessarily makes it any funnier). It can be explained by the concept of radiation hormesis. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiation_hormesis How much of the funding of Intel/Amd/ARM, who probably built the cpu you're using to access this side, came from the government? How much of the funding of this site itself, and of other sites you may use on a daily basis such as Google and Facebook, came from the government? How much of the funding for the GPU that's rendering this site came from the government? How are you not benefiting from all these things? Long term profit has no space in models of a _perfectly competitive_ market, a theoretical concept used in the exploration of various economic ideas. The "free"ness of a market doesn't necessarily imply anything about the potential for profit within that market. Unfortunately, the poor in America are more affected by 'lifestyle diseases' (smoking and obesity related illnesses, for instance), which may be more difficult to cure as they need to be addressed from a social angle, not just a medical one. No, I'm not familiar with the history of Google and Facebook, hence why I was asking for data regarding what proportion of their business was funded by government money. As in, a percentage. Well according to some graphs I found on Google, malaria mortality rates have reduced significantly in the past few decades [1], as have AIDS death rates [2]. Diabetes rates and mortality have however been continuously increasing. 1. http://www.umich.edu/~csfound/545/1995/land05.jpg 2. http://www.drugabuse.gov/sites/default/files/images/colorbox... How might it be attacked, from a medicinal perspective? It really surprises me that somebody can get away with such destructive behaviour as reverting someone else's commits without reasonable cause. What justification is there for not firing on the spot anybody who puts their own personal vendettas over the good of the project? What did senior management think of this? I can't imagine them taking kindly to the architect delaying shipping for weeks over such a trivial thing. Hmm. I suppose that's a disadvantage of having a less formal code-review process, compared to one in which the reverter would have to specify a reason for each reversion, making it easier to detect spurious reversions. I wonder if they financial benefit they gained from keeping him around was greater than the financial loss due to continuously losing good devs... If Horvath's characterisations of the founder's wife are correct, then she seems somewhat similar in temperament to Lady McBeth. It's easy to see why his work is considered timeless. Does Horvath's characterisation of the founder's wife remind anyone else of Lady MacBeth? The situation seems suitably dramatic for it. Note that there was a 'terrorist attack' in China a week or two earlier, in which five Uighur separatists with knives killed 30 random people and wounded hundreds in a crowded train station, before being shot by police. This shows that there are definitely 'terrorists' (not using the scare quotes because I necessarily disagree that they're terrorists, only because I honestly don't know what they are) who are interested in killing large numbers of Chinese people in the name of their cause. Uighur separatists? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Kunming_attack As someone who likes C and Go for their lack of support for exceptions, the thought that someone might actually want to implement exceptions in C is mind-blowing. I think it's fair to say at this point that if somebody placed all their life savings in Mt Gox, they themselves probably deserve at least some of the blame for their loss. Truth is sometimes funnier than fiction. "A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read." - Mark Twain Note that the original Roller Coaster Tycoon was written almost entirely in x86 assembly, and by a single person. The TOR website is blocked in mainland China, as is TOR itself, but it works via obfsproxy, all it requires is someone to send you the executable/source. Most people who bypass the great firewall use VPNs, however. >What's objectionable is when an outside empire comes in and says "You guys are all one country now." Didn't the Roman Empire do something like this to Europe? To be fair, it probably wouldn't be too hard to write a parser/translator to turn into into a more readable language. Unlike something like Perl of C++, where you'd pretty much have to be superhuman to write a parser single-handedly. As a market anarchist, I think it's important to point out that the concept of 'reputation' plays a significant role in many justifications of how a market may function without regulation or any other form of state oversight. Making a market completely anonymous significantly limits the role reputation can play, which leads me to wonder whether some of the standard arguments for the effectiveness of markets don't apply in this case. But if the identity is not connected to a real world identity, there is no legal recourse if that identity cheats you. Most who advocate a pure free market still accept the need for a legal system (not necessarily a State-based one), such that for instance people who take your money without delivering the good may be sued. An anonymous market means that there's no legal recourse if someone cheats you or steals from you. Interesting. Would this prevent something like some of the Silk Road clones happening, wherein somebody spends months to years acquiring trust, and then makes off with the money for all incoming transactions, which is by then worth more than what they've spent on building the reputation? Anyone who successfully used brainfuck in production would be an ubergenius in my book. I wonder how viable doing this openly would be as a free-to-play business model? Being upfront with the user: "we're not going to show you any ads and you won't have to pay anything for extra content, but we'll be using a tiny proportion of your CPU time to mine cryptocurrency to pay for the development costs of this app." I've seen some statistics (not sure about their validity) stating that around 10% of the population are gay/bisexual, so if this were the case then having 7% more males than females wouldn't necessarily be a problem. That's true. Well at least the imbalance is only in a single age group, not for instance like in China where selective abortions have lead to a nationwide gender gap[1]. http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/asia-pacific... I lived in China for a couple of years and found the same, but I don't think our experiences would be representative of those of the average mainland Chinese male. Steam, or something like it? If the many worlds interpretation of waveform collapse is correct, it's possible that there's actually a universe somewhere in which the entire arctic is covered in such snowmen. Yep. Some people might consider the design of Javascript to be idiotic, but nobody was calling for him to resign over that. As a QQ user I'd like to note that it seems quite superior feature-wise to MSN messenger, Gtalk, Facebook messenger and Skype IM. You can for instance paste multiple images straight into the input box and send them just like text, and it also has an extremely quick and easy to use screen capture feature. Not to mention a reliable, indexed message history, offline file transfers (you send it when the other person is offline, and when they sign in they'll be able to receive the file), and accurate notification whenever a message you send fails to be delivered. Note however that I'm referring to the International Version; the mainland Chinese version is less appealing, full of advertisements, and hides some features behind paywalls. You can share screen via remote access, and optionally give the other person shared control over your mouse, but I suppose that's not quite the same. This is probably a stupid question, but I wonder if the author could have used slices instead of maps with integer keys. It would have used more memory, but it would probably also have been significantly faster. A significant proportion of the performance issues I see raised on the Go mailing list seem to involve maps. The invisible hand isn't in the business of making moral judgements external to those of the society in which it exists. If people wish to support each other's healthcare, then they're quite capable of doing so without any external assistance. Regarding pollution, it's interesting to note that in America at least it was originally considered a tort (if someone harmed you by polluting, you could sue them). But various judges have, in the name of the 'common good' of industrialisation, eroded this right. Yes, support of the free market is non-scientific in the sense that Mainland China, Russia, Cuba, North Korea and similarly non-'free market' countries are much wealthier than historically pro-market countries like Switzerland, Singapore and Hong Kong. /s Neither did the parent comment, so why am I the one you're calling out on it? If you look at all world's countries in terms of GDP per capita[1] and economic freedom[2], the countries with higher GDPs per capita have higher degrees of economic freedom, and conversely the countries with the lowest degrees of economic freedom have lower GDPs per capita. This is obviously not perfectly scientific, but I don't have the time to describe the whole theory of developmental economics in a HN post. 'Filthy rich' in the sense that a king is rich is different from a nation being rich in an economic sense. The wealth of a country, measured by GDP, is a measure of productivity. A king has the ability to purchase many things, but he's not rich in the sense of economic productivity, in fact his economic productivity may well be zero. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28PPP... 2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_economic_f... It makes the implicit claim that people interacting freely will lead to worse outcomes under some metric then people interacting under the constraint that actions contravening some centrally determined directives result in punishment via violence or the threat thereof. I believe such things are covered under international law, although I'm not sure how successfully it's enforced. There is however a link between centralisation and distributive outcomes in the sense that the former is necessary to ensure certain forms of the latter. If for instance the democratic companies in your thought experiment were somehow structurally less competitive in the market than companies led by a single CEO (I'm not suggesting this is the case, just using it to illustrate), then in a decentralised system the CEO-led companies would outcompete the democratic ones and naturally come to dominate the market. It would hence not be possible to bring about the distributive outcomes of a market dominated by democratic companies without some centralised force capable of granting the democratic companies some advantage over the CEO-led ones. In short, if a decentralised economy necessarily leads to greater concentration of wealth/power (again, I'm not suggesting it does), then people arguing for a more even distribution of wealth/power must necessarily also argue for a more centralised economy. Qatar and Kuwait are still within the top 20 in the economic freedom list, as is Singapore (at number 2) and Denmark, while Norway and Sweden are still in the top 30. Economic freedom is multi-faceted: while Singapore may be 'socialist' in in the ways you describe, for instance, it also has extremely low personal and corporate taxes, no capital gains tax, and fewer regulations, which contributes to its high economic freedom ranking. The US scores below Bahrain and Chile because there are some ways in which the US market is quite unfree. For instance, bank bailouts of large corporations, massive agriculture subsidies and tariffs, and incredibly onerous regulations in some industries. Even Sweden has a freer market than the US in some ways, for instance via its voucher system: parents are able to choose to which public school they'd like to send their children, rather than having it determined by where they live like in the US. Surely it's not a coincidence that the top 20 countries in terms of GDP per capita are almost all within the list of top 30 countries in terms of economic freedom. That's a good point. I think however that proponents of economic decentralisation would argue that it requires 'less' centralisation of power than economic centralisation (assuming centralisation of power can be quantified). How is this so? Classical liberals argued that the fundamental duty of government was protecting its citizens' lives and property rights from each other and from foreign aggressors. This would largely take place through the courts: if someone attacked you, or stole your property, or rose up and took over your factory, you could sue them, and the State's only role would be enforcing the court's judgement. This thus would lead to a relatively decentralised power structure, with most power lying in the courts via their interpretation of the constitution / 'natural law' (a bit like English common law) and the executive having relatively little influence. From this it follows that arguments for any economic structure other than "an economy the structure of which is purely determined by what occurs when the State only protects property rights" necessarily require more centralisation of power, as the State would be required to do more than just protect property rights. Assuming that by some intrinsic property that "an economy the structure of which is purely determined by what occurs when the State only protects property rights" is likely to be a more decentralised one, then arguing for a centralised one thus entails arguing for greater centralisation of power. Of course, this ultimately depends on the exact form the property rights in question take, but I think it's reasonable to suggest that for any particular set of rights, a State based solely around defending those rights would involve less centralisation of power than one based upon ensuring the existence of a particular economic or social structure. 'Victimless crimes' are an example of this: they wouldn't exist in a purely rights-based legal system as there'd be no parties whose rights were violated by these activities, so such things as the immigration department and the departments required for the war on drugs simply wouldn't exist. While no 'true free market' has existed in real life, it nevertheless exists as a fairly clearly specified theoretical construct against which actual markets can be compared. Those countries in the top 20 economic freedom list all have markets closer in various ways to this theoretical 'true free market' than other countries. They also generally have higher levels of economic development, hence the suggestion of a correlation between market freedom and economic development. As someone who's married and somehow managed to avoid ever having to buy an engagement ring, to any fellow cheapskates I highly recommend the use of some more diplomatic version of the expression "what are you, some kind of prostitute?". If somebody's love is conditional on the amount of money you spend on them then I'd argue that's not the kind of love that leads to a long, satisfying relationship. Why is the symbol '|' used for or in pattern matching, not '||'? If '|' is used for bitwise or elsewhere in the language then this might lead to confusion. I suppose I just assumed that logical or is closer in meaning to the or in pattern matching than bitwise or is. It's interesting that the graphs there exclude a few countries with higher GDP per capita than the US, such as Switzerland, Hong Kong and Singapore. I imagine the numbers for the US would look less favourable if such comparisons were made. As of 1.3 Go has a fully precise garbage collector with a parallel mark phase (not sure about the sweep). I imagine the next step will be a generational collector, however the extensive use of internal pointers may prevent further development into a moving and/or compacting collector. Singapore. In response to the preferences they expressed on Facebook, it's got little bureaucracy, a small government, no wars, minimal regulation, a strong judicial system, a relatively free market (ranked no. 2 in the world for economic freedom). Not such a free place if you want to displace the government or use recreational drugs, however, but business-wise it's pretty open. Sounds like smoking. Some smokers still manage to live healthy lives into their 90s, but the majority don't. I wonder what the exact numbers are for mesothelioma. As far as I'm aware though they haven't persecuted anyone for encryption-related business. What rights/freedoms are there that are important to Telegram but endangered in Singapore (not rhetorical; serious question)? Change "most First World countries" to "most Western countries"; Japan, Korea, Singapore and Taiwan are first world countries (at least in the sense 'first world' means economically developed). In Singapore it's 1 day to 4 weeks, depending on how long they were employed[1]. Taiwan is 10 to 30 days, depending on length of employment[2]. Korea is 30 days[3]. Japan is also 30 days[4]. I'm Australian, and it's also one to four weeks notice here, depending on how long the employee's been employed at the company[5]. 1. http://www.mom.gov.sg/employment-practices/employment-rights... 2. http://www.chinalawandpractice.com/Article/3142351/Issue/850... 3. http://us.practicallaw.com/6-508-2342?q=&qp=&qo=&qe=#a612243 4. http://www.jetro.go.jp/en/invest/setting_up/laws/section4/pa... 5. http://www.mondaq.com/australia/x/183150/Contract+of+Employm... Regulation also created some of the most successful monopolies in our economic history: AT&T, for instance. Because there are laws on the books explicitly preventing anyone else from competing with Comcast. Bitcoins have significant value in that they make certain illegal and semi-legal activities much easier. As long as there remains some way of converting bitcoins into a more widely accepted currency, bitcoins will continue to have value no matter how much their prices drop. Can anyone tell me what would be the problem with just having a law "no law is allowed to be passed preventing any individual or entity from providing broadband service to any other individual or entity"? And how said problem would be worse than the current dismal arrangements? There's a difference between not allowing ISPs access to public lands and outright prohibiting them from offering their services. Obviously if they wanted to run wire through a house they'd have to get the owner's permission, or the local government's permission to dig up a road. The thing is, as the law currently stands they're forbidden from doing so; even if every household in they city signed a contract saying "sure, let company X run cable through our yard", company X still wouldn't be allowed to sell them internet over that cable. Maybe a company could innovate and develop some form of fast wireless mesh network. But even if they had the technology and finances to do so, local laws stating "the only company allowed to sell fast internet here is Comcast" or equivalent prevent them from doing so. If you already know C, it would only take a week or two to learn Go, so it would be quite possible to do both. I bet that'd also significantly reduce your risk of burglary or home invasion. I think the difference is that the problem of antibiotics overuse in US agriculture is amenable to a relatively simple regulatory situation: making a law banning or limiting antibiotics use in livestock. Addressing the issue in China, on the other hand, would require overhaul of the entire medical system, as hospitals are dependent on antibiotics sales for a significant proportion of their revenue. I went with a friend to a hospital in Shanghai once, and the doctor ran a blood test and found that my friend had a viral infection. He then attempted to sell her antibiotics (which anyone who's done even high school biology knows are completely ineffective against viruses, only against bacteria). I called him out on it, and he just scowled at me and muttered 'westerners do things differently'. As Lisp macros are compile time metaprogramming, wouldn't the answer to this depend on whether Template Haskell is considered part of Haskell or just a compiler extension? The whole Japanese 'lost decade' thing is misleading. It's based on absolute gdp numbers, not gdp per capita, which makes a big difference for a country like Japan where the population is steady or declining. If you compare US and Japanese growth per capita it's revealed that Japanese growth hasn't been far behind America's. Was on the phone before, so couldn't include references in the grandparent post and it's now too late to edit. Here's some: http://www.forbes.com/sites/eamonnfingleton/2013/08/11/now-f... "Whereas the U.S. labor force increased by 23 percent between 1991 and 2012, Japan’s labor force increased by a mere 0.6 percent. Thus, adjusted to a per-worker basis, Japan’s output rose respectably. Indeed Japan’s growth was considerably faster than that of Germany, which is the current poster child of economic success." Also: http://snbchf.com/global-macro/gdp-growth-per-capita/ While the lack of social welfare could be considered a problem from a moral perspective, in terms of the national economy it's not a negative. Compare for instance the situation where 50% of elderly Chinese starve after they stop working, and the situation where 50% go on extensive state welfare. In both situations the elderly aren't producing anything, but in the latter they're consuming national resources and in the former they aren't, so from an economic perspective the former would produce better results. Of course this isn't a very humane way of looking at it, but the Chinese leadership don't have a history of particularly humane behaviour. The logic of Buddhist philosophy: emotional attachment to and/or desire of impermanent things has the potential to result in dissatisfaction, as impermanent things are impermanent. It's hardly rocket science. Desire nothing, and you'll never never feel the dissatisfaction of not getting what you want. Be attached to nothing, and you'll never feel the pain of losing something. Some quotes by emperor Marcus Aurelius, of the Stoics, expressing a similar idea: "You have power over your mind - not over outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." "If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment." The illusory nature of the self can also be explained relatively simply to anyone who's familiar with the justification problem[1]. What 'is' the self and what 'is not' the self? That requires a metric for deciding. But that metric in turn requires another metric to determine its validity, and so on ad infinitum. The concept of self is thus arbitrary, and hence logically meaningless. Wittgenstein expresses this idea far better than I do here, in his Tractatus[2]. This equally applies to all phenomena; any attempt to divide anything up into 'things' is ultimately arbitrary, as it relies on ultimately unsubstantiated metrics, and hence is without meaning. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regress_argument 2. http://philosurfical.open.ac.uk/tractatus/tabs.html Just wanted to add that most modern believers in 'natural rights' that I've met, i.e libertarians and market anarchists, don't recognise intellectual property as real property. See for instance http://mises.org/journals/jls/15_2/15_2_1.pdf , a libertarian patent attorney writing on IP law. When I speak of Buddhism I'm referring to the teachings of Buddha, not Buddhism as an organised religion. I lived in East Asia for a couple of years and the Buddhism there seemed pretty much the opposite of what Buddha taught; e.g. people praying to statues of Buddha for wealth. Meditation isn't necessary; you don't need to be a Buddhist to see that, with sufficient analysis/deconstruction, distinctions between the subject and object - or between anything and anything - break down and reveal themselves as arbitrary. Meditation corrects errors in thought by stopping thought. But logical understanding of the fallacious nature of concepts allows such errors to be avoided even when not meditating. It's not always true in practice. See for instance: http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?t... Common List on SBCL is often faster than F# on Mono, eve though Mono is statically typed, as the former runtime has had a lot more work put into optimising it. Or, compare F# on Mono with Clojure on the OpenJDK: http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?t... Clojure again is faster, due to a more optimised runtime. That's a good point. SBCL at least attempts type inference though, so I often find the code is quite fast without annotations. But then I suppose SBCL with type inference is probably closer to a statically typed language in that sense. Hopefully it's not like the CIL (CLR intermediate language), which is competitive with Java in verbosity. E.g. .class public Foo { .method public static int32 Add(int32, int32) cil managed { .maxstack 2 ldarg.0 // load the first argument; ldarg.1 // load the second argument; add // add them; ret // return the result; } } If you ever look at a disassembled CLR executable, expect to see a heap of lines like: valuetype A* modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallConvThiscall) 'A.{ctor}'(valuetype A* modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.IsConst) modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.IsConst)) LLVM IR is much less verbose than CIL, isn't class-based, and on the whole is much simpler. The CIL's complexity makes it less flexible than something like LLVM IR or JVM bytecode; this is one of the reasons alternative languages have flourish on the JVM, whereas the CLR only has C# and F#, and F# had to rely on the developers' influence at Microsoft to get the runtime to support some of its features. Here's a libertarian argument against government ownership of the airwaves: http://mises.org/journals/jls/20_2/20_2_2.pdf . Essentially the idea is that the frequencies would be treated as private property, with the exact nature of this being worked out in the courts. There's precedent for this from 1926, before the US government officially took up ownership of the airwaves, in Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station. "The Chicago Daily Tribune, calling itself WGN... broadcast entertainment as a means of marketing its publication. WGN filed a complaint in state court against another radio station, Oak Leaves, which had begun broadcasting in an adjacent wavelength. WGN claimed that it was necessary to maintain at least a 50-kilocycle separation between stations located within 100 miles of each other. They accused the Oak Leaves station of injuring their lawfully acquired business property. Chancellor Francis S. Wilson decided the case in the tradition of property rights to common resources. His landmark decision, which established homesteading rights in “the ether,” found precedent in western water rights, among other established property traditions. Wilson concluded the court was "compelled to recognize rights which have been acquired by reason of the outlay and expenditure of money and the investment of time. . . . We are of the further opinion that, under the circumstances in this case, priority of time creates a superiority in right." The Congress responded to Oak Leaves instantly. After years of debate and delay on a radio law, both houses jumped to pass a December 1926 resolution stating that no private rights to ether would be recognized as valid, mandating that broadcasters immediately sign waivers relinquishing all rights, and disclaiming any vested interests." *Edit: This ownership wouldn't necessarily extend to _entire spectrums_ as it does in the case of the government selling spectrum. In Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station, for instance, WGN was granted the right to broadcast on a specific frequency within a certain area, which differs immensely from a company being able to 'buy' a series of frequencies from the government such that no other entity in the country may uses this spectrum. Firstly, it's not 'my point'; I was presenting that argument as an answer to the parent post's question of how else interference could be prevented. Secondly, the ownership of entire cellphone bands isn't the only kind of property right over spectrum that could exist. Ownership of entire cellphone bands would actually be somewhat unlikely. For a court following 'Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station' to consider an entire spectrum across the entire nation as property in court, the transmitting organisation would have to show that it was and had been using that entire spectrum to transmit content across every part of the nation. Such a situation would be unlikely, as the organisation would likely have faced competition for spectrum use before it could expand its own spectrum use over the entire country. There's a difference between making an argument and presenting an argument; I was doing the latter, but an argument as a 'point' generally refers to the former. The 'point' is analogous to the point of a weapon; the most effective part. But that only makes sense in the context of an offense of some sort. (For reference, I do not in fact support that position, I just find it an interesting argument.) If the high frequency bands were 'directly worthless' then people could not have 'squatted' them under the kind of judicial reasoning behind 'Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station', as property was only granted for use. If someone was 'squatting' an airwave, that implies they're not using it for any significant business activities, and hence they couldn't be granted ownership. There is no international regulation binding all countries in terms cellphone frequency standardisation, but that doesn't stop a phone bought in one country from working in others. A 'first come first served' auction (or at least, 'first use first served') is how much of the property in the US originally came into ownership (excluding that acquired by violent conquest). The first person to strike oil owns it. The first person to discover gold owns it. The first person to patent an idea owns it. While this may not necessarily be efficient, in the current social context it's quite accepted, so if it's okay to acquire ownership of such resources this way then the same could apply to spectrum. Depending on how one defines 'intelligence' and 'life', it's quite possible even now to program 'life' that's more intelligent than anything else on the planet, and in some senses even more intelligent than humans. Google's search algorithm, for instance. So the chance of consciously designed life existing out there seem high, if even one alien civilisation has developed sufficiently to be able to create machines capable of thriving and reproducing in space. I said flourished. Are there any non-MS languages on the CLR that have achieved equal popularity to that of Clojure, Scala or Groovy on the JVM? The idea is it would have only come onto the market slowly as companies were able to progressively utilise more and more of the spectrum in various areas. Ownership hence would have been more diversified from the beginning, preventing the development of a continental monopoly capable of buying it all, similar to how no monopoly has been able to buy up all the country's land. Agriculture is the US is incredibly subsidised, and as such things tend to benefit large incumbents the situation could be quite different if no subsidies took place. Ah, I'd always assumed point was meant in the sense of 'pointy'. I've never encountered trouble with cellphones traveling internationally, but I've only traveled in Asia/Oceania so I suppose that's not necessarily representative of the global situation. Having the courts decide ownership may be expensive, but those costs should be weighed against the costs from having only 4 organisations owning pretty much the entire spectrum across the entire country, as is currently the case. If a court-based system resulted in for instance 20 companies now owning various parts of the spectrum and competing vigorously, the benefits of that might make up for any extra legal costs. >in a natural environment, the weak and the disabled are left aside and die quickly This simply isn't true[1]. Humans evolved feelings like compassion because such cooperation and caring was beneficial to our survival. These emotions exist outside of any deliberate human decision making or social planning. Even monkeys have evolved forms of altruistic behaviour[2]. 'Ethics' in the sense of empathy and compassionate behaviour is hence just as much a part of the 'law of nature' as the more violent behaviours associated with it. 1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2864937/ 2. http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2013/04/6-amazing-way... Seriously, someone should take TempleOS (if it's open source) or else make something similar and market it in some form of really high-speed server, I'm sure there'd be demand. Of course, that's assuming it would be possible to achieve decent security on the software level to ensure safe operation without memory protection. I was just listing what I assumed were the top 3 most popular non-Java languages on the JVM. But perhaps it's already been overtaken by Kotlin or Ceylon. Gbog spoke of the 'state of nature' as something characterised by a lack of altruistic behaviour towards weaker members of the species. Assuming altruistic behaviour can be quantified, that's a claim that could be verified or disproved empirically. Empathy has a biological basis [1]. The span of human civilization has been far too short so far for any significant evolutionary changes to have taken place, so these biological elements must have existed before humans 'civilized'. It makes sense from an evolutionary perspective: a species in which the members help each other more has certain advantages to its survival compared to one completely lacking in cooperation. The time when slavery and contact between races existed is generally not considered the 'state of nature'. In pre-civilised (pre-agricultural) society, populations were so small and transportation technology so limited that it would have been quite rare for people of different races to come in contact. [1]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empathy#Neurological_basis I'm not American and not particularly familiar with the economics of the agriculture industry there, so I don't really feel qualified to comment. I'll just point out that government actions often favour such large corporations, preventing for instance the collapse of certain banks and auto manufacturers during the GFC. I do know that farm subsidies in the US are quite extensive. If the government had decided 70 years ago that it owned all the nations farmland, and had auctioned it off to four large corporations, making it law that nobody else could own farmland, would the farmland situation would be better or worse than it is now? I'd argue for worse. This highlights the importance of obfsproxy development for tor. Not only can it allow tor's use in regimes that employ deep packet inspection to prevent tor traffic, it could also prevent throttling of tor traffic, as it would look just like normal traffic. To anyone who suffers regular harassment like this, I recommend purchasing a singing bowl[1]. It's like a cross between a bowl, a bell and a large gong; when they call, place the phone receiver inside the bowl and strike the bowl repeatedly. Do this a couple times and chances are they won't call again. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singing_bowl Part of me dreams that they'd be able to convert the whole Plan 9 OS into Go one day, but that's probably hoping for too much. For me, the point would be having an OS that was really easy to study, extend and modify, due to how easy to read Go is. No more ifdefs, no preprocessor macros, just clean code. An OS that was really easy to study, extend and modify, due to the simplicity of Go. I'm teaching a relatively mathematically-minded friend programming and I've found http://repl.it/languages/Scheme to be an excellent resource. The simple syntax and semantics of Scheme and its easy accessibility allows them to quickly develop an understanding of the fundamentals, and from there it's not much work for them to download DrRacket and start on more practical applications. I think games are a great place to start; simple, humorous text-based adventures, for instance, are both really fun to write and teach a lot of the basics. I'd argue it can also be used as a social technology for testing people's tolerance of values different from their own. If I say I don't want to drink but someone keeps pushing me to anyway, I don't bother pursuing any kind of meaningful friendship with them, as why would I want to be friends with someone who wouldn't respect my values? Slightly off-topic, but is clisp still being developed? The last release seems to be from around 2010. Brings to mind the point that "the minimum wage is always zero". Just a note in regard to the notion of the moral worth of work being the only thing relevant: this is actually one of the central ideas behind the capitalist paradigm (albeit in a different form). It takes the form that, assuming all value/morality is ultimately subjective (all value judgements are equally relevant), and that a person's values are most clearly reflected in their actions, then whatever action a person takes at a given moment is the 'best' action, the action they consider most moral, most valuable. If this action doesn't limit the ability of another individual to act how they wish, then this represents a net gain in value. So if people's voluntary interactions lead to lots of money/resources going to CEOS and pro footballers, for instance, then this is the best possible outcome assuming no coercion is involved. This is where the capitalist notion of people pursuing their own pleasure without interfering with that of others stems from. This is a qualitative, not quantitative, notion of utility, and arguments have been made that it does not allow for interpersonal utility comparisons. Which is why hardcore followers of the theory (market anarchists) oppose regulation, as it necessarily requires coercion (making someone do something other than the action they'd most like to do), and without the possibility of interpersonal utility comparisons it's not possible to justify any such coercion. There's no 'must' obey a boss's commands all day. You're free to do whatever you want; you must only follow your boss's commands if you want him to pay you. And if you think he should pay you when he doesn't want to, then you're making the implicit value judgement that he should act how you want him to, not how he wants to, which seems rather arrogant. If one wants to consume food, resources etc. produced by other people, one has to be willing to offer something back. The government enforces a quota on medical positions, enrollments and whatnot in the US, which artificially limits the supply of physicians, thereby increasing their wages. In the past hundred years or so, for instance, while the US population increased by 284%, the number of medical schools declined by 26%, to only 123[3]. Some references, one from the right[1] and one from the left[2]. 1. http://www.forbes.com/2009/08/25/american-medical-associatio... 2. http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2013/11/21/doctors_carte... 3. http://mises.org/daily/1547 Right, I didn't mean it as a rebuttal, I was just elaborating. They did a blog post on it that I can't find right now. Essentially, they made it quite a while ago (2002? I don't recall exactly), and all other options were too slow. Their backend apparently has to do a lot of work calculating match scores when users search. Found a post by one of the developers describing the decision in some detail: http://www.brightjourney.com/q/okcupid-write-web-server They've also open sourced their server: https://github.com/okws/okws I've found in some cases Go's style of error handling can actually make for great documentation: when every third line of code is something like if err != nil{ log.Printf("This specific operation %v went wrong because input %v was %v or was expected to be %v but wasn't", operationName, inputName, actualInput, expectedInput) } Then reading the error messages gives a pretty good idea of what's supposed to be happening at that point in the code. They're partly related to Objective-C not having namespaces (as far as I'm aware). Performance is not just about the language; Scala and Clojure can be just as fast as Java on the Oracle JVM or OpenJDK. The Android Dalvik VM is just incredibly ineffective at optimisation compared to a real JVM, and Google has done little to improve it. Things might change with the new ART VM, however. While willpower can be exhausted, it's also possible to increase willpower reserves via such things as exercise and meditation[1]. Personally, I think promoting education and awareness (and providing training) to people wishing to improve their willpower would be preferable to further empowering the immense coercive apparatus of the state to interfere in the minute details of our lives. People lacking willpower will always find ways to self-sabotage, so helping them increase their willpower would be far more efficient than trying to ban every single thing that their poor willpower could render harmful to them. 1. http://scopeblog.stanford.edu/2011/12/29/a-conversation-abou... Well it couldn't hurt to try, to at least make it easily accessible to them. The success of Alcoholics Anonymous is a testament to people's willingness to seek help where its available. Considering how willpower is a predictor for success in many facets of life, techniques (scientifically verified ones, not the mumbo-jumbo ones) that improve willpower and concentration would seem like perfect candidates for addition to school curricula. Meditation is generally quite a subjectively pleasant experience, so if people could be taught to do it even once they might decide to keep it up in future purely for the sensation it brings them. It's not silly, it's a description of reality. Epistemology is concerned with what can be known, not with what assumptions are practical for decision-making. Just because something has happened the same way a hundred billion times in the past, that's no iron guarantee it will in future, it just means its incredibly probable. Understanding this means understanding reality more clearly. I think an important step to take would be allowing lenders to discriminate based on students' course of study, considering the massive effect it has on students' ability to pay back their debt. Such a change would, all other things being equal, reduce interest rates for STEM degrees and increase those for arts, thus potentially increasing the number of STEM students to the benefit of the wider economy. If somebody actually made something like that it'd make debugging even funner than it already is. It seems women are becoming less and less willing to marry[1]. "The second change is that, among certain groups, people are not merely marrying later. They are not getting married at all. In 2010 a third of Japanese women entering their 30s were single. Perhaps half or more of those will never marry. In 2010 37% of all women in Taiwan aged 30-34 were single, as were 21% of 35-39-year-olds. This, too, is more than in Britain and America, where only 13-15% of those in their late 30s are single. If women are unmarried entering their 40s, they will almost certainly neither marry nor have a child." 1. http://www.economist.com/node/21526329 Financially successful doesn't necessarily mean the same thing as being financially "successful relative to the rest of the population", for what it's worth. While I personally believe in the effectiveness of the paleo diet, I think there's too much focus on whether or not it allows people lose weight without eating less. The average American dietary intake per day is around 3,700 kilocalories[1], compared to a recommended value of around 2,000 kilocalories, so it's no mystery why people are getting fatter. I hence think an effective topic of study would be how effective various diets are at making people consume less calories, and the paleo diet seems to be great at this, due to involving many foods that produce greater satiety. Even if the body treated all calories equally, automatically storing all excess energy as fat, the paleo diet could still have an advantage purely because of its interactions with human physiology somehow reducing appetite and hence reducing total calories consumed. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_food_energ... Well the numbers are from the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, and I can't think what reason they'd have to produce flawed statistics, but then again I can't find the original study methodology so there's no way to be sure. Lisp manipulation? Do you mean linked lists, or arraylists? The only common use of linked lists I've encountered is writing custom allocators, and most programs don't need custom allocators. A slave owner makes you worse off than if they didn't exist, by chaining you, beating you, and threatening to kill you if you try to run away. An employer doesn't necessarily make you any worse off than if they didn't exist; if you'd be starving without food/payment from them, then their actions aren't the root cause of your starving, nature is, as if they didn't exist then you'd still be starving. Again, it's not society which "causes people to starve and be homeless". Hunting and gathering cannot support seven billion people; it is the accumulation of capital in forms such as advanced agriculture that allows the food production that currently sustains the world population. If all capitalists and corporations ceased to exist, a huge proportion of the world population would starve due to the collapse in the global structure of production. The means of production have to be produced by someone. How is it theft for capitalists to own the means of production when they produced it? And if you say well the workers produced it, the workers only agreed to work for pay, not for a stake in it (else they'd be investors/partners, not just workers). Here's the thing: even with just two people interacting without any society around them whatsoever, it's possible for one to agree to work for the other for payment of some sort but without claiming an ownership stake in whatever's produced (i.e. common employment contract). To make such a thing illegal, you must necessarily introduce violence into the system, to prevent these two people from carrying out a mutually agreeable exchange. When you speak of a 'coerced' choice, it's not coerced in the normal sense (coerced by a person), it's coerced by nature. If the person doesn't get work, doesn't find some means of acquiring goods produced by other people, they'll starve; this is not the result of anybody threatening to starve them, it's simply the result of there not being enough food lying around to eat. To state or imply that the starving person has some form of right to the food produced by others, one must make a moral judgement. It hence becomes an issue of moral philosophy as to whether the fact that a person "just can't do without" the job has any bearing on the situation. If one assumes people owe others things by virtue of having those things (or by virtue of the others not having those things), then one can say it's coercion to refuse to give someone food one owns unless they perform work. If however one assumes that people owe others nothing apart from what they've specifically agreed to give them, then there's no coercion taking place. The pro-market position is that assuming people owe others things they haven't promised them necessarily entails coercion. If society things Joe Rich owes something to Bob Poor, but Joe Rich doesn't want to give it, then making him give it anyway necessarily requires violence or the threat thereof against Joe Rich. Through this lens, if Bob Poor starves then this doesn't necessarily imply anyone's committed violence or coercion against him, instead it's a simple result of the combination of nature's scarcity and his inability or unwillingness to do something for others in exchange for food or the purchasing power to acquire it. Simple argumentation often elicits a complex response when the issue itself is complex, as simple arguments can miss important elements of the issue. The difference here is regarding whether private property is considered a political institution (as you're considering it) or more a natural social institution (like language). This is also the essential difference between right anarchism and left anarchism. The right of a starving person to food produced by others is relevant to determining whether wage labour is free or 'coerced'. If they have no right to food produced by others, then modern society isn't forcing them to have any less food than they otherwise would, hence I would argue that it's not accurate to say society is 'coercing' them. In the sense that coercion is defined as threatening to make someone's life worse off if they don't do what you want them to (which is the definition I was using). Here's a thought experiment to identify libertarian/right anarchist morality. Imagine you're walking in a park, and see Rich Uncle Bob, who has just invented a cure for eugitis, walking along carrying sacks of the cure. You also see Poorman Joe lying on the ground nearby, soon to die of eugitis. You have a weapon. Assuming it was legally allowed and you were guaranteed success, would you threaten Rich Uncle Bob with the weapon to make him give some of the cure to Poorman Joe, saving Joe's life? People with personal moral philosophies that are more pro-property would generally say no. Now change Poorman Joe to one's sick spouse/child/parent. Generally only libertarians or market anarchists would still answer no in this case. I think that scenario acts as a microcosm for the general differences in moral beliefs between pro- and anti- market types. >Cooperative businesses exist today, and prove there is an alternative model. Does the dominance of non-cooperative businesses today suggest that cooperative business are less efficient? I mean, there aren't laws preventing the creation and operation of cooperative businesses, so if they're not less efficient then why aren't there any in the Fortune 500? If they are less efficient, this would mean that in a free society businesses formed in the traditional way would come to dominate. If anarchism doesn't propose to "make things illegal", then how would it prevent people who wished to from selling their labour to employers in the traditional business model? >A mutually agreeable exchange does not leave one person with a fraction of the value of their labor, and another with unearned profit. That depends on how value is determined. The judgement you're making relies on the labour theory of value, that value is determined by the amount of labour a person put into something. Morality is however an inherently subjective thing: there's no objective way to say that the labour theory of value is superior to any other theory of value. If value is subjective, then the value of an action depends on how other people value it. In which case the value of a person's work can be inferred from what other people are willing to give them for it; the more they are willing to give/pay the person, the more valuable that person's work must be to them. If the worker was able to produce a given amount of value without the aid of capitalists, there's nothing to stop him doing so. The fact that he chooses to work for capitalists hence implies that access to the capitalist's capital allows him to produce more value than he could otherwise produce. How is the capitalist's profit from this unearned? If they had not accumulated the capital in the first place, had not saved instead of consuming, had not invested their money and taken the risks that that entails, then the worker wouldn't have access to the capital that allows him to produce more and would necessarily be producing less (as if he could produce the same amount without access to the capitalist's capital, he wouldn't be working for the capitalist in the first place). Anarchism literally means (in the original Greek) 'no ruler'; anarcho-capitalism fits that definition, no? It's impossible for people to communicate if they aren't both using the same definitions of particular words. It's not 'overcomplexification' to clearly define the terms used, it's a necessary step in having a non-nonsensical conversational interchange. In this case, the issue is over 'forced'. When you state "a person today without property (or capital) is indirectly forced to rent out his or her labor", you're referring to them being forced by circumstance, not by anyone actively setting out to deprive them of food. Whether or not to consider this (or anything else) a bad thing is a moral judgement. Moral judgements require philosophical analysis. I'm pointing out that, in the context of the viewpoint that only actively forcing people (i.e. do this or I'll hit you) is bad, what you describe as a 'non-forced' choice involves force against other parties, but the 'indirectly forced' choice doesn't. How? If a person is born without enough land or capital to be self-sufficient, and all the land and capital in the world at their time of birth was already used by others, then giving them enough land or capital to be self-sufficient would necessarily (assuming it wasn't given voluntarily through charity) require direct force to take the land/capital of others to give to this person. I understand the distinction between private-property and possessions; that's what I was referring to as the biggest distinction between left anarchism (or if you'd prefer, anarchism) and right anarchism (or if you'd prefer, arch libertarianism). Which side of the fence one falls on seems to depend on one's particular philosophical views towards private property, which I attempted to illustrate with the thought experiment I described previously. How is it irrational to suggest that it's okay to use a word based on the meaning implied by its etymology rather than the meaning with which it was traditionally used? Language isn't static; words change and grow in meaning over time. Look at 'capitalist' for instance; the sense in which it's used by capitalists now differs from its exact meaning when originally coined by Marx. The focus of ancaps is on direct force because ancaps consider that kind of coercion bad. They don't consider indirect force similarly bad, as I've described previously. This is a philosophical difference between ancaps and traditional anarchists. You speak of 'privileges'; ancaps are pro privilege. Privilege to people who save more and/or people who invest productively. Why? Because saving and investment is vital for economic growth. If there is no benefit to saving/investing, no 'privilege', then people will have no incentive to save or invest, and development will be slower. This is one reason ancaps support private property rather than just possessions, as private people is required for people to be able to accumulate property, to be able to save. You're speaking of land being occupied in the sense of actual active usage, I was speaking of it being occupied in the sense of being owned by someone. This is what I mean about communication being difficult when the meanings of terms used aren't agreed upon beforehand; two people can make statements that are both valid but mean different things, talking past each other. You're correct in saying there's lots of unoccupied land in the anarchist sense of occupation, but I'm correct in saying there's no unoccupied land in the sense that all land is legally considered someone's private property. How would people not need to work if all land was being cultivated or in use? It would depend on the use; if for instance all the land was being used for subsistence farming, people would definitely still need to work, as land doesn't farm itself. >Finally, your whole argument stems from the fact that you see private-property as some form of natural law You've hit the nail on the head there; ancaps literally do consider property a 'natural right', and have made various arguments for this. This is a fundamental difference between libertarian and non-libertarian types. Land ownership may be considered a form of investment. Much as someone can own lots of gold they can't physically use themselves, someone is allowed to own lots of land in a libertarian framework. Ancaps would argue that aggression isn't required in maintaining private property, as they're treating private property as a natural right, and thus any attempt to deprive a person of their property consists of a violation of that right, and therefore someone defending their property is considered to be acting in self-defense, not aggressively. Essentially, if property is considered a natural right than the person trying to take the property is the aggressor, whereas if it's not considered a natural right (or moral equivalent, whatever the terminology) then the person defending the property is the aggressor. The issue thus ultimately comes down to the one's view on private property. Which, as I've stated, I consider a matter of personal moral philosophy, as I don't believe in absolute objective answers to moral questions. It depends on how you define free will. If you define it as being 100% the cause of an action, that's impossible. There are two possible causes for an action: either you caused it, or something external caused it. If taking action X at time T is entirely the result of your choice, why did you choose it? Because of whatever influences made you the person you are at time T. If these influences were external, by the definition in question your action wasn't entirely free will, as its root cause could be traced back to external influences. This means the person you were at time T-1 would have to be 100% responsible for the person you are at time T in order for you to be 100% responsible for taking action X at time T. The same also implies that the person you were at time T-2 would have to have been the cause of who you were at T-1, and so on recursively. Trace that far backwards enough, and you get to the point where in order for you to be entirely the cause of your actions at time T, the person you were at time Tb would have to have been the cause of who you were at time Tb+1, where Tb is the time you were still a baby and incapable of conscious thought. This is not possible, as a baby doesn't 'make decisions' in the conscious sense, it acts purely from the impulses condition by its genes and whatnot. Thus if you chase the causal chain far back enough in time, you see there's always an external root cause for an action. I think often free will is a fuzzy concept people use to represent some kind of feeling/function/mode/whatever that exists in the psyche. As in, there's some kind of positive feeling associated with being in control, and when people speak of free will they don't necessarily have a clearly defined concept in mind, rather are speaking in reference to that feeling. I'm not sure I expressed myself so clearly there. What I mean is that, the concept of free will disbelief in which is associated with paralysis is distinct from the philosophical/logical concept, but these two are often conflated. The logical understanding of free will not existing can actually be emotionally liberating; it acts as a balm against hatred and whatnot for instance, as it's difficult to hate someone when you see their actions as merely following a mechanistic, predetermined path. This kind of thing was an important concept in Spinoza's Ethics (Spinoza famously denied free will), and I believe also played a role in Buddha's teachings. Interesting. His theory reminds me of something called the Theory of Positive Disintegration[1], a theory of personality in which only through active reflection and self-confrontation can people develop a conscious personality that's not just the result of biological and social pressures. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positive_Disintegration Interestingly, one study has found that the reasons for abstaining actually determine whether or not it results in slightly worse health outcomes than light drinking: http://www.colorado.edu/ibs/pubs/pop/pop2012-0006.pdf "Mortality risk is low for light drinkers and many individua ls who abstain from drinking—including those who abstain for religious and moral reasons, have a responsibility to family, were brought up not to drink, and are not social; it is higher among former, infrequent, and moderate drinkers, and individuals who abstain because they do not like the taste of alcohol, are concerned that they will lose control, or are concerned about adverse consequences. Unsurprisingly, mortality risk is by far the highest for heavy drinkers. We reveal that reasons for abstention capture heterogeneity in the risk of death among lifetime abstainers. " Isn't the C equivalent of a slice just a struct containing a *T, a length and a capacity? Many would argue that the government is less efficient at providing various goods. Where I live in Australia, for instance, public schools and hospitals are generally regarded as being inferior to privately run ones. In such circumstances it is more efficient for the government to give poor/unemployed people money to purchase these things on the private market. When the government has a monopoly on providing a service, they face no competition, which reduces their incentive to provide a quality service. Some services however, such as roads, are seen as natural monopolies, meaning even if privately owned they would still be a monopoly. In such cases people look more favourably upon government ownership as a government monopoly is seen as superior to a private monopoly. >Do the private hospitals and schools actually have better outcomes, after controlling for the initially better socioeconomic status of their users? Regarding private schools, I'm not sure; I imagine it's hard to study as there aren't many people of high socioeconomic status attending the 'worse' public schools, and not many poor people attending expensive private schools. There might be some data from countries like Sweden, where the government introduced a voucher system allowing parents to send their children to whatever kind of school they wanted and still get government support. Regarding public hospitals here, they do have awful outcomes in terms of waiting time compared to private hospitals. For instance, waiting over a year for a procedure that could be arranged in a few weeks at a private hospital. I'm not sure about other outcomes. Reference counting? I didn't know reference counting was used with slices, I thought they just used the GC. I'd say it's more 'preference for learning' than just raw intelligence. Like with the whole 10,000 hours thing; if person A spends 5 hours a day studying while person B spends those same 5 hours (watching TV|gaming|socialising with friends and family), then in a couple of years person A will know a hellova lot more stuff than person B, regardless of intelligence. Not entirely off-topic; Doom had a pretty awesome, reasonably metal-ish soundtrack, by the standards of the day. Why can't they just install more speed-bumps? Scientifically calibrated so that they only cause damage to cars going beyond an acceptable speed for the particular intersection in question. I used to live somewhere hoons would regularly speed by; a speed-bump was built, and it put an end to such speeding almost instantaneously as all the hoons had their vehicles' suspension destroyed. It's also harder to tax Bitcoin transactions than M-Pesa transactions, which could provide financial incentive to use it. A better system might be mandated savings. This is not redistribution, so the only cost is enforcing the scheme. Australia has this in the form of compulsory superannuation, and Singapore has it in the form of the Central Provident Fund. This prevents people with poor self control from squandering all their income. It also contributes to overall economic growth, by increasing the national savings rate and hence increasing the amount that can be invested. Note that the American Social Security system is not a mandatory savings scheme. The money paid into it is not necessarily saved/invested, and can in fact be spent by the government however it wishes. The amount of money a person receives back from the scheme is also not proportional to the amount they paid in. I thought it was created to increase job security? http://harmful.cat-v.org/software/c++/I_did_it_for_you_all >The government borrows from the fund, and leaves treasury bonds in it. If you personally save your money in treasuries, it's still considered savings. This is not different. We're using a different definition of savings. I mean savings as in not-consuming. By this sense, investing in treasuries is only 'saving' in the grander scale if the government doesn't spend the money, or if it invests it. If the government uses it for consumption or in transfer payments to people who then use it for consumption, it's ultimately not 'saved', it's consumed. This means that when the original saver gets the money back, they're not getting the money they saved, they're actually receiving a transfer payment, as the money (value) they saved no longer exists. This is why American social security could potentially "run dry"[1], which wouldn't happen in a system where people only got back exactly what they put in (plus interest) and the money wasn't used for anything else. >Why would preserving wealth differences be important to a forced savings scheme? If you're not 'preserving wealth differences', you're transferring money to people who didn't originally earn it. This makes it a transfer scheme, not necessarily a savings scheme. The parent seemed to be looking for alternatives to transfer schemes. 1. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/social-security-trust-fund-... In most of the roguelikes I've played mobs don't continuously respawn like that anyway. If you stay in a dungeon too long, either they'll be no more mobs and you'll starve, or higher level mobs will randomly start popping in. If I recall correctly, in Baldur's Gate mobs could also use the items they had. This made for some particularly fun battles when a mob had a powerful artifact that they were able to use. I imagine it also made design easier: to create an interesting new boss fight, instead of having to create a new creature, the designer could just use a common mob equipped with a powerful artifact. That's a good point. One potential way to handle it is to make many of the powerful monsters optional, and then have a more difficult "bonus dungeon" for players who had defeated all the optional, powerful monsters. Many JRPGs I've played did this, as did the expansion to Baldur's Gate 2. I've heard talk of plans for a generational, moving GC in future. It's just not something that can be implemented overnight, especially in a language with internal pointers (which Java, Ruby and Python lack). In terms of 'overcrowded'ness, Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore and Hong Kong all have greater population density than China[1], yet they all experienced income growth to first-world levels without need for any population control. What evidence is there that the one child policy 'significantly contributed' to raising China out of poverty? 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sovereign_states_and_de... It can be measured; here's a page listing the energy efficiency of various foods: http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6252 . It appears it would depend on what we were giving up; if we replace meat with direct energy, we could save around 95%, for instance, but if we replaced grain with electricity we'd save much less, as grain is already fairly efficient. Because people invest absurd sums of borrowed money into houses? If people borrowed hundreds of thousands to invest in for instance the corn industry, they'd be cheering for the price of corn to go up. When house prices go down, many people really do become less wealthy, because they have lots of money invested in houses. Similar to how Google's shareholders would become less wealthy if the value of Google stock fell by 90%. It's seen as important that real estate prices go up because a significant proportion of the population have borrowed money to invest in houses. If real estate prices fall, the wealth of people with houses/mortgages is reduced. One way of looking at this is that a significant proportion of the population have a 'vested interest' in increasing real estate prices. Some would also argue that continuously rising house prices are economically beneficial, as if house prices fall, then the homeowners/mortgagees who lose wealth from the fall will spend less, reducing consumer spending and hence 'harming' the economy. Good point. Even if real estate prices going up everywhere wins me nothing, however, real estate prices going down always causes me a loss if I've purchased a house with borrowed money. For instance, if I borrow $500k to buy a house, and its value soon after falls to $300k, I still owe the bank 500k yet my assets are only worth $300k, meaning my net worth is down by $200k. If I was renting this wouldn't happen. I think culturally there's too much willingness to buy houses with borrowed money. The proverbial average Joe wouldn't leverage themselves to buy any other investment worth hundreds of thousands with borrowed money, yet it's seen as perfectly reasonable to borrow hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy a house. The inherent risk involved in investing a large sum of borrowed money just seems to be ignored, and then people do everything they can to keep house prices rising in order to avoid this risk materialising. Eh, ancient wisdom doesn't seem to have done a great job in terms of moral codes. Slavery, institutionalised racism and sexism, foot-binding, debtor's prisons, despotism, pedophilia; all examples of practices deriving from ancient wisdom that today are considered unacceptable. "The act of pursuing happiness necessarily implies the current absence of happiness. Make the pursuit of happiness into a habit, and you habitualise the absence of happiness." >Also, it is probably reasonable to assume the same "morals" the kept a group of hunter gatherers together are today responsible to racism and hate between groups. Good point. It's important to remember that evolution (including of the cultural variety) ultimately selects for survival. If group A is super happy and peaceful, and group B is unhappy and violent, if group B uses its capacity for violence to conquer group A then ultimately it will be group B's genetic/cultural traits that survive into the future. It certainly makes tax evasion easier, if that counts. Not as easy as paying/being paid in cash, but far easier than other electronic means of payment (in the sense that it currently offers more anonymity). Couldn't the government just directly build and manage post offices in such rural areas, and stay out of the postal business in more populous regions? If the problem is insufficient postal services in some regions, it makes more sense to just fund postal services in those regions than to place a blanket ban on postal competition across the whole nation. You can still call Unix.fork, and do threading the C way, although obviously it's not as convenient as real threading support. Here's an interesting page discussing the current effort to develop a multicore runtime: https://github.com/ocamllabs/compiler-hacking/wiki/Multicore... There'd be the huge extra benefit of dramatically cheaper postal services for people in metropolitan areas, due to competition. The 'profitable' parts of the postal service are profitable because of its status as a monopoly, and represent a deadweight loss to consumers. If rural post was funded by taxation, at least the burden would be distributed more fairly, instead of primarily upon people using metropolitan postal services. There are apparently some such libraries already. I haven't used any, but they seem to all use process-level threading; there's no lightweight threading library (like Lwt) that uses real threads. Actually, I'm wrong; turns out it is possible to delegate Lwt threads to system threads: http://ocsigen.org/lwt/api/Lwt_preemptive . This model doesn't seem to allow communication between them, however. 1. http://projects.camlcity.org/projects/dl/ocamlnet-3.3.0test1... 2. http://www.dicosmo.org/code/parmap/ 3. https://github.com/UnixJunkie/ocamlmpi 4. https://github.com/MyLifeLabs/nproc They use the LLVM as the backend, which is quite well optimised. The relatively poorer performance of that program on x86 may just be a bug (as the x86 version is compiled with a slightly different version of the Rust compiler); the program uses recursion, which may not be a Rust idiom and hence may not be well tested for performance regressions. Thanks. The tables have been updated to use the new values; I'm really surprised how much of a difference changing from int to int32 made. That's offensive to developing countries. China for instance has no-cap internet for only a few hundred dollars per year. If that's the case it might be worth considering an Arch Linux install. To the downvoters, what's wrong with suggesting someone use a Linux distribution that's generally quite quick to package new versions of software, as a solution to their stated problem of their Linux distribution(s) making it difficult for them to install recent versions of said software? It's quite possible to have a new Linux distribution up and running on VirtualBox in under an hour, or in a chroot under an existing Linux installation. If the assumptions behind GDP are valid, government spending may also be considered "productive". I once accompanied a friend with a bad cold to a hospital in Shanghai. They ran a blood test, and the doctor announced that she had a viral infection. He then handed her a (fairly expensive) prescription for antibiotics. Now, as anyone who's studied biology (or even Googled 'antibiotics') knows, antibiotics have absolutely no effect whatsoever on viruses. I called the doctor out on it, and he scowled at me and said something like "foreigners do things differently". Apparently antibiotics account for around 24% of total hospital revenue in China[1], which may explain it somewhat. 1. http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2103733,00... Haha, indeed I did. Although I'm sure many others who've lived in China have had similar experiences. About 75% of patients with seasonal influenza are prescribed antibiotics[1], so I think being prescribed antibiotics for viruses is pretty common. 1. http://www.bmj.com/content/348/bmj.g1083 If it were somewhere else I'd have considered that, but considering how widely recognised the problem of antibiotics overuse in China is I considered that more likely. "At medical institutions about 70 percent of hospitalized patients have antibiotics prescribed by doctors but nearly 80 percent of those prescriptions are unnecessary, Yang (director of the behavioral medicine branch of the Chinese Medical Association) noted."[1] "Each year on the mainland about 200,000 people die from adverse drug events and 40 percent of the deaths are related to the abuse of antibiotics, Yang told the Beijing-based Health News." 1. http://usa.chinadaily.com.cn/epaper/2011-01/05/content_11798... I believe the idea is that the "wrongness" of stealing is based on some moral principle, not on whether or not people and the legal system consider it wrong. Many people who believe firmly in property rights believe them to be moral rights, not rights in the sense of legislatively granted rights (rights created by the collective). It's hence not necessarily moral dissonance. It's quite possible for someone to believe that property rights are 'natural rights', ergo stealing is wrong, but not believe people have any rights to things they didn't acquire by work or exchange, hence not view 'dispossession' as wrong. >And yes, before you ask, I would be delighted to shoulder a dramatically increased tax burden if I knew it meant that people I care about (and complete strangers) who are physically and mentally ill would no longer have to live and die at the whim of a suspicious and unforgiving bureaucracy. Do you give much money to charity? If we assume many people are like you, and desire to help those who are sick, why aren't voluntary charities sufficient; why does the government have to take money from anyone regardless of whether or not they want to give it? >Of course we do! Compare the crime rates (or worthy index of your choice) between countries that actively try to provide these things to everyone versus those that don't. If you view it in terms of the negative economic effects of wealth transfer from productive citizens to those who don't work, invest or study, it doesn't matter if the "parasites" are stealing money directly or if the government is taking it for them. The end result is still a transfer of wealth from people who might use it to produce more wealth to people who'll only consume it. Or from a good public library. >For every act of production, there must be an equal and opposite act of consumption. The key thing is, the production and consumption need not occur simultaneously. Say I dig up a really spiky plant. I could immediately consume it. Or, I could use it to bludgeon an ox to death that I couldn't otherwise kill. The latter use is a form of investment: the plant is turned into a tool that increases my productivity, allowing me to obtain more food (the ox) than without it. A similar decision applies in some way to everything that's produced. It can be consumed sooner, or it can be invested and consumed later, in a manner than increases overall ability to produce/consume. Take a look at http://faculty.lebow.drexel.edu/lainczc/cal38/Growth/Levine_... , a metastudy that identifies "a positive, robust correlation between growth and the share of investment in GDP"; more investment leads to more growth. >Trying to classify people into "productive" and "nonproductive" is very nearly impossible even within small groups who perform that same basic work in the same building. By unproductive I was speaking of the stereotypical welfare-dependent individual to which the conversation I was replying to seemed to be referring. If somebody does not work or study, just sits around receiving money for doing nothing, most people would not consider that productive. >However, the Chinese don't have the amount of freedom we are enjoying. But how do you compare non-freedom versus material suffering? I think this is a false dilemma. Taiwan, Singapore and Hong Kong all managed to develop into wealthy nations (PPP GDPs per capita of around 35k, 60k and 40k respectively compared to 12k in the mainland), in spite of having far greater degrees of freedom than Mainland China. >most Chinese were suffering a lot more from poverty than from individual rights The poverty was to a degree due to the lack of individual rights. In Maoist China, you literally didn't even have the right to the grain you farmed in your field; you had to give it to the Party and then wait in line for whatever they decided you deserved. There was no opportunity to save up and improve your lot; starting a business, privately buying and selling things, was literally grounds for execution. Regarding the Racket concurrency story, it has places; http://docs.racket-lang.org/reference/places.html . "A place is a parallel task that is effectively a separate instance of the Racket virtual machine. Places communicate through place channels, which are endpoints for a two-way buffered communication." So places are somewhat like Erlang processes. Distributed Places are also interesting: http://docs.racket-lang.org/distributed-places/index.html I was speaking of individual rights, not necessarily democracy. One can have a non-democratic political system where individual rights are respected, for instance a republic ("government by laws, not by men"). Citizens in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore in general had far more individual rights, especially economic rights, than those in China. Hong Kong may not have had democracy, but its citizens had strong protection of their social and property rights compared to Mainland China. Individual rights is not synonymous with democracy; the whole point of a republic is "Government by law, not by man" - pure democracy can potentially even by detrimental to individual rights, if the majority of the population don't respect certain rights (for instance, the Germans who elected Hitler). I didn't mention democracy. It's quite possible to have individual rights without a democracy, for instance if one has a benevolent dictator who respects them. Interestingly, I've seen the same argument applied as a refutation to the traditional argument that dating site profiles should be kept short and simple. Perhaps it's applicable to writing in general. >Some saw Exceptions as the advance in error handling we need while Go reverts back to error codes. Just a note that Go generally uses strings for error handling, not error codes. This avoids the need to look up the meaning of each error codes in a table somewhere. They are indirectly forcing people to follow their idea of how life should be, by forcing everyone to give them money to spend on sniffing petrol and drinking booze. They are indirectly harming people; if you trade with someone else without giving a portion of the proceeds of your trade to the non-workers, they'll throw you in jail, or kill you if you resist. Somebody has to make the petrol and booze. If you say the people making these products should give them to the non-workers against their will, you're telling them to live their lives how you want them to, not how they want to. To whoever downvoted, care to present a rebuttal? I understand there are arguments that coercive redistribution by the state is necessary in the name of some 'greater good' or utilitarian outcome, but I have never encountered a cogent argument that redistribution doesn't involve any coercion. Doesn't Ocamlpp4 or whatever its called generate OCaml source code and pass that to the compiler, not OCaml AST? The new ppx extension in 4.02 allows direct manipulation of OCaml AST, but that hasn't been used enough yet to determine its effectiveness. Modular implicits: http://www.lpw25.net/ml2014.pdf The multicore runtime: http://www.lpw25.net/ocaml2014.pdf Recent presentation on the multicore runtime: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzmQTC_X5R4 Out of interest, what were some of the major things you found missing from the OCaml library ecosystem? Rob a man, and you're a criminal. Get half the people in some arbitrary geographical region to put your name on a piece of paper and rob a man, and you're a statesman. That's why America was founded as a republic. Rule of law, not rule of man. In theory it could be rule of machine, if the justice system was composed of some kind of immutable law-enforcing robots, but you're right that in practice rule by law is just roundabout rule by man. Nevertheless, I'd take "dragged through the courts for 20 years" over "beheaded on the spot" any day. Or incredibly bad decision-making on the part of a possibly barbituate-crazed leader; "let's break our pact with previously-friendly Russia and invade them, learning nothing from Napoleon's extreme failure in Russia. Fighting a war on two fronts is a great idea!" Who knows; if Germany hadn't gone to war with Russia it's possible that they'd still have today much of the land they took in 1939-1941. They should rewrite the tax code in Haskell. Not only would that simplify it greatly, it'd also lead to a significant increase in the number of MonadFactoryFactories in Enterprise tax-handling code, which might ultimately motivate Oracle to add higher kinded polymorphism to Java. One can always dream... For one, Erlang has much better latency, as it has process-local garbage collection. In Akka, if the gc has to do a major collection then all threads must be paused. Banning lead paint and fuel? As an Australian I concur with the parent statement. Wealth doesn't come from the belief that holding an asset will be worth more later; it comes from assets being invested in some way that makes them actually worth more later. E.g. I dig up some resource, and rather than consuming it I invest it in building some device that increases my ability to dig up resources in future. Wealth comes from productivity improvements. Developed countries are wealthier because it takes a tiny fraction of human effort to produce e.g. a car or a loaf of bread compared to in a developed country, because through investing in technology/capital we're much more productive at making cars and bread. It doesn't assume that individuals are 'rational'; it assumes productivity/efficiency of spending is determined by the spending's ability to fulfill individuals' preferences at the time of spending. In that sense, in the case where they don't give the money voluntarily to the government, however it spends it is by definition not the way they most wanted to spend it at that moment, hence is necessarily an outcome producing lesser utility to them at that movement then if they had spent it the way they most preferred to spend it. Money creation is still redistribution: redistribution to whoever first gets to spend the created money. It's distribution of money, but redistribution of purchasing power, for which money is used as a proxy. It could be done in OCaml or Haskell, considering they both have compile-time AST generation/manipulation, but I'm not sure if anyone's written an actual implementation of this. Nimrod too, as that has AST macros. As does Elixir. Well whatever it is, creating new money and giving it to someone increases their purchasing power compared to what it was previously, which all other things being equal means a reduction in everyone else's purchasing power. That's why I said "all other things being equal". In the general case is which there's no excess capacity, which can be assumed if the economy isn't undergoing a recession or the like, it's inflationary. It's not just loose 'integers'. I believe bools and simple variants are represented as ints, as are empty options. As an Australian, I wonder if anyone could recommend a good VPN service? Or would Tor with Obfsproxy be a better option? Interesting, they provide their source code. As a datapoint, what kind of average speeds do you get with them? I wonder how the cost of maintaining ext2/3/4 support compares to the revenue loss from Linux developers abandoning your platform in droves... Hong Kong doesn't really have a choice in the matter; it can't exactly just decide "hey, I don't want to be ruled by mainland China any more" and become independent, China would never allow that. Would you then argue that if a specific racial group were statistically much more likely to offer poor taxi service in a particular country, this fact should not be disseminated as it would constitute racism? Or do you consider it racism because you believe he was making an unfounded generalisation, implying that all middle-eastern taxi drivers were unreliable when in fact he only had a sample size of one? >Flaunting the law and making a large set of people make light of the rule of law is a bad thing, and nobody should celebrate the savings from this. This assumes the law is in some way just in the first place. Many here would for instance argue that marihuana-prohibition laws are unjust, and that ignoring and bringing ridicule to such laws is a good thing. The same applies to laws prohibiting gay marriage, and many others. Acting morally is a good thing, but what's legal isn't necessarily what's moral. Look on the bright side: humans have proved incredibly ingenious in devising elaborate justifications for taking other humans' stuff. At least it demonstrates creativity. I wonder if machinists familiar with older technologies command a premium similar to that Cobol programmers receive. Market freedom is not necessarily connected with political freedom. One could for instance have an oppressive leader who instituted free market economic policies, such as Pinochet. A free market doesn't necessarily imply democracy (freedom to choose one's political leader), it only implies freedom of exchange (freedom to buy and sell as one wishes, with only minor taxation being applied). That actually sounds a lot like Smalltalk. Expressing Nazi ideas is prohibited in Germany because of what following Nazi ideas can lead to, not just to avoid conflict. If you forbid peoples' expression in the name of avoiding conflict then you simply allow the ideas of the most bloodthirsty, conflict-minded group to dominate, as this group is the group most likely to get offended, and hence suppressing any ideas that offend this group necessarily leaves this group's ideas unchallenged. To whoever downvoted me, was it in objection to my implied description as bloodthirsty of the group behind the religious riots in which "1,000-2,000 people died and there were brutal gang rapes, people being burnt alive and other horrors"? If so, I'd be interested to hear by what standards such behaviour could be considered anything other than bloodthirsty and conflict-minded. >Expressing Nazi ideas can lead to violence, extremism, racial and religious discrimination, anti-democratic activity among other things. I didn't say Nazi ideas were banned because of this, I said they were banned because of what _following_ them can lead to. For contrast, compare an idea like "group X treats women like second-class citizen". Following this idea does no harm, it doesn't even do anything, as it's not a prescription that can be followed, it's just a statement. Expressing it could however still lead to a violence if group X is aggressive and conflict-minded. If expressing this idea is banned, then public discussion of the poor treatment of women by group x would be banned, and there wouldn't be any pressure for group x to improve its treatment of them. If anyone's interested in reading more about this, the [pseudo]science of determining personality based on a person's face is termed 'Physiognomy'. There seems to be little convincing evidence to support its efficacy. The most compelling, if anecdotal, example listed on Wikipedia is: A physiognomist named Yoshito Mizuno was employed from 1936 to 1945 by the Imperial Japanese Naval Aeronautics Department, examining candidates for the Naval Air Corps, after - to their surprise - Admiral Yamamoto's staff discovered that he could predict with over 80% accuracy the qualifications of candidates to become successful pilots. >What are the problems preventing empathy from being as good as the abstractions? Empathy is a product of evolution, but the environment we spent millions of thousands of years evolving in is quite different than the environment in which we now exist. I don't think it's a stretch to suggest that deliberate, logical consideration of the optimal manner to act in a particular situation could produce more effective results than following what's essentially just an artifact of a selection process focused on making monkeys have many healthy, fertile babies. Some highlights: Uniqueness types[1], which are inspired by ownership types and borrowed pointers in the Rust language, and should eventually be able to provide compile-time guarantees that critical program fragments will never allocate. If this was achieved, Idris would potentially be usable for tasks that previously necessitated using either C, C++ or Rust. Partial evaluation[2], which can also be used to improve performance by specialising type classes and higher order functions. Another use is creating speedy interpreters/EDSLs, with the one in [3] being competitive in speed with Java in spite of only being an interpreter. Uniqueness types can also be used for safe in-place updates of a datastructure. The following map function, for instance, where UList is a UniqueType, will be compiled to code that updates the list in-place, avoiding allocating a new list: umap : (a -> b) -> UList a -> UList b umap f [] = [] umap f (x :: xs) = f x :: umap f xs 1. https://github.com/idris-lang/Idris-dev/wiki/Uniqueness-Type... 2. https://github.com/idris-lang/Idris-dev/wiki/Static-Argument... 3. http://eb.host.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/writings/icfp10.pdf That's correct. You can however have a function take a Type\star, meaning it accepts both Types and UniqueTypes. If such a function is passed a Type, that Type can only be used in the ways that UniqueTypes can be used ("any value of type Type* must also satisfy the requirement that it appears at most once on the right hand side"). The linked page provides an example of function composition defined using Type*: (.) : {a, b, c : Type\star} -> (b -> c) -> (a -> b) -> a -> c (.) f g x = f (g x) Not being able to use UniqueTypes in place of regular Types could indeed cause some inconvenience, however I think to some degree it's unavoidable. Rust for instance doesn't let you pass a reference-counted or garbage-collected pointer to a function expecting a unique/borrowed pointer. Note that \star should be an asterix character, but I'm not sure how to escape it properly here. At least there's one good thing about it: it's a great motivator to work hard and get rich if one is planning on having kids, in order to avoid sending them to public school. Compared to OCaml, F# has slightly nicer syntax, real multi-threading, and type providers (can e.g. automatically generate a type from a database schema). It lacks OCaml's awesome module system, higher-kinded polymorphism, OCaml's neat but rarely-used object system (it has C#'s object system hacked on instead), and on Mono at least it is generally slightly slower than OCaml. In my view the .net libaries are probably the biggest advantage over OCaml and Haskell. Similar to how access to Java libraries gives Clojure an advantage over lisps like Common Lisp and Racket. Oh, and if you want to use Windows without mingw then F# is a far better choice than OCaml or Haskell. The OCaml packaged manager doesn't even work properly on Windows, as far as I'm aware. N.b. to downvoters: The parent comment was a possibly poor attempt at irony. I don't actually think there's anything good about US public schools. >so without employement you just die homeless and hungry in the streets That pretty much doesn't happen in any western country now, due to welfare. If the desire is to prevent starvation and homelessness, transfer payments do a fine job; there's no need for intervention in the labour market or monetary system. Indenting/formatting conventions can make such a mistake easier to detect. Compare (unless (member (package-name package) '("COMMON-LISP" "KEYWORD") :test #'string=) ...) and (unless (member (package-name package) '("COMMON-LISP" "KEYWORD" :test #'string=)) ...) If `member` requires 3 arguments, then it's easy to spot the mistake in the latter. > Well, OpenJDK is getting AOT compilation as well (planned for 9). In addition to JIT. On ARM? Last time I checked, OpenJDK doesn't even have JIT compilation on ARM, it just interprets the bytecode. Regardless of what you think of GNOME, it's still a pretty slimy thing for Groupon to do. That kind of behaviour may be worth opposing on principle. "First they came for Gnome, and I did not speak out..." So they basically tricked Discover out of something like $400,000? I wonder what Discover thinks of this... "Capitalism" is a system in which people are allowed to exchange and accumulate goods freely. Moving to a system "outside of capitalism" involves preventing this, and necessarily involves large scale violence both to take the accumulated capital of savers and to persecute anyone who still seeks to engage in the free exchange of goods. See for example the merchants in Maoist China and Stalinist Russia who were hung or shot for being capitalist traitors, and the landowners who were exiled or killed. It was literally illegal to own a shop, or to grow or make something and exchange it for something else. You might be surprised how many people there are who would consider the quality of art to be inversely proportional to what others are freely willing to pay for it. Particularly those in the business of making art that few are interested in paying for. If you add up Mao's and Stalin's bodycounts, that's 50-100 million people, so yes, compared to that we are quite safe. I don't know of any capitalist nation that's inflicted anything in that order of magnitude of deaths on its own citizens, and what deaths there are are usually caused by noncapitalist entities like the state police and army. Noncapitalist because they're not funded voluntarily; I suspect if the military was something we had to pay for as individuals like bread, computers, cars, etc. then it'd be a hellova lot smaller. Similarly I can't imagine many people would pay gangs of private detectives to go around locating and imprisoning drug users. >Well, I can't see it happening in a scarcity society, but I can imagine it happening in a post-scarcity one. The thing is, scarcity in the economic sense is defined in terms of peoples' wants, which seem to be able to expand indefinitely. Short of discovering an infinite energy source, there will never be enough energy to completely satisfy everybody's wants. So a method will be needed of deciding whose wants get satisfied. This method can be exchange based: you do x for Joe, because Joe either did something for you or did something for someone else and has a scarce token (money) to prove it. Or, it can not be exchange based: somebody makes you do x for Joe, because Joe himself doesn't have anything to offer you to make you want to do x for him. >Suppose we get to the point where robots farm food for us, robots gather natural resources for us and robots keep basic infrastructure working for us. I think it's an open question whether we can get robots that are capable of doing almost everything for us without requiring those robots approach human intelligence levels. If the robots that do all our work for us need to be as smart as us to do so, then they probably wouldn't be willing to work for free. Or Dart. It's a lot closer to node and JS than Go (it uses asynchronous IO), and can more easily be used across both the server and client (Go's compilation-to-Javascript support is less developed). It's also surprisingly fast for a dynamic language, and has the generics Go lacks. >OpenJDK is indeed a "steaming pile of crap" Just to clarify, it performed as well as the Oracle JVM on x86. Its poor performance on ARM is just due to its lack of JIT compilation. >However, I would have liked to see Julia and Javascript benchmarks in those results. I'm happy to include Javascript or Julia implementations if someone supplies them. I wasn't comfortable with Julia enough to write one myself. >To the best of my knowledge Typed Racket does support gradual typing If you take a Racket program and change the language to Typed Racket, you'll get flooded with compiler errors. Or at least that's been my experience. >Racket is not Scheme anymore I'll update the post to note this, thanks. OCaml version 4.02.0. I don't have an ARMv8 device to benchmark on, unfortunately. The same function is being called over and over millions of times, so hopefully that should give HotSpot a chance to kick in. I didn't want to add artificial warm up as I don't think that's representative of real code. It's not comparing the architectures against each other, it's comparing language implementations against each other on those architectures. As x86-64 is the most common x86 architecture nowadays, and ARMv7 the most common ARM architecture (at least on mobile), comparing language's performance on them should hopefully be more relevant as more developers use those platforms. FSharp instead of F# is just a way of getting around issues with using the # character in the shell scripts that run the benchmark. It's in the makefile in that repo: g++ cpp.cpp -std=c++11 -Wall -O2 -march=native -o cpp I was originally using -O3 but then someone found that -O2 is actually faster in this case. Any improvements you can see? The 'inner loop' of the code is: int getLongestPath(ArrayList nodes, int nodeID, boolean[] visited){ visited[nodeID] = true; int dist, max=0; for(route neighbour: nodes.get(nodeID).neighbours){ if (!visited[neighbour.dest]){ dist = neighbour.cost + getLongestPath(nodes, neighbour.dest, visited); if (dist > max){ max = dist; } } } visited[nodeID] = false; return max; } The ArrayList of nodes could be changed to an array, but I don't imagine that'd be much faster (I've always heard that ArrayLists are just as fast as arrays, except for primitives). *Edit: someone found a massive improvement, by replacing the node class with arrays, to simulate unboxing. Wow, you're right, no idea where that FSharp entry on the ARM results is coming from. Nice, re-running the benchmark with the new code now. *Edit: and, it's done. It's not meant to compare AMD64 and ARMv7 architectures, it's meant to compare the performance of various language compilers/runtimes on two common AMD64 and ARMv7 chips. Interestingly, now that someone submitted a change to the Java implementation, such that it doesn't use classes (unboxing is simulated by using arrays for the data instead), it runs much closer to native speed. Thanks! I updated the code. Do the writes to the unboxed mutable bool vector also involve locking? > In the Go code, if you want to ignore an err you can write _ in its place. Not a good habit to get into though. I think it's easier to read the code: https://github.com/logicchains/LPATHBench/blob/master/jv.jav... Instead of a vector of node classes, there's a static final int[][] nodes; Which is used in a similar manner to a vector of node classes, but due to containing primitives (ints) is unboxed. It is idiomatic in highly performance-sensitive Java code though. Hopefully it won't be necessary in Java 9 or 10 when unboxing support is brought in. I've added a note regarding the change, but I'm off to bed in a moment (AEST timezone). I'll separate the Java versions tomorrow. I'm off to bed now, I'll pull it in the morning. > Agreed. We must also consider what a pain in the ass it was to set up the toolchains and/or runtimes for several of the tested languages. The Arch Linux package repository proved really awesome here: for the vast majority of things (everything on x86) I could just `pacman -S myLang`. The hardest to install was SBCL on ARM, as I needed another Common Lisp to compile it, so had to get ClozureCL and use that. >I find this a bit odd. Microsoft should be able to build a better compiler. It was running on Mono, not the Microsoft CLR. Nice, your cached version is the fastest by far, although it uses a different algorithm. Running with `node js.js` without the cache, it takes around 6 seconds, close to Dart and Haskell. Nice! That's almost as fast as the C++ one using caching; your algorithm must be better. >Who wants to wake up in the morning and think "thank goodness some lawmaker is forcing someone smarter/better than me to live in poverty so I can have this cushy job"? The amount of people in this thread who seem fine with that kind of thinking is really disheartening. So many programmers whose salary seems to be their guiding moral principle. >It's like the other irony that we use tariffs to 'protect' domestic industry and embargoes to 'punish' foreign industry, yet they are merely different words for the same thing. And the tragedy is that the majority of voters don't understand this, when it would only take a few hours of econ 101 to teach. F# could do this with type providers. Or, something like Google Protocol Buffers could be used. Something I find quite interesting about Nim is write tracking: http://nim-lang.org/blog/writetracking.html . It uses the language's effect system, and allows not only specifying for instance that a function is referentially transparent, but also specifying how an impure function accesses or modifies global state. An example from the above link: var gId = 0 proc genId(): natural {.writes: [gId].} = gId += 1 return gId To quote the article: "Here the effect systems shows its strength: Imagine there was a genId2 that writes to some other global variable; then genId and genId2 can be executed in parallel even though they are not free of side effects!" The effect system can also be used for exception tracking, specifying what kind of exceptions are function may throw. It can moreover be extended to work with user-defined effects. Or the ending of 1984. Not even this guy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_Behring_Breivik ? To the downvoters, what alternative to prison would you prefer for someone who killed over 70 people in cold blood? >Using Breivik as an example does not further the discussion though, as it is such an extreme case. I was supporting the grandparent post's suggestion that maybe some people to deserve to be in prison. The argument against this is implicitly an argument that no-one deserves to be imprisoned, and such an argument may be refuted by showing a single instance of someone who deserves imprisonment. >and fearers of sharia law What is there not to fear about sharia law? Personally I'd be terrified of living under a legal system in which many of the basic rights I take for granted simply cease to exist, and in which my wife and any daughters I have are considered second-class citizens. Lisp is also one of the few languages in which commercial operating systems have been written. The day when there are machines smart enough to do all the service jobs that humans currently do will be the day machines are smart enough not to work for free. >an economic system which sets your ability to feed yourself and your families based on the effort you put in As opposed to an economic system in which your ability to feed yourself is based on the effort others put in? Such a system requires some entity to prevent you from reaping the gains of your own effort and/or take the fruits of others' efforts to give to you, and historically such entities are prone to realising that the power they have allows them to just take everyone's stuff for themselves. >The benefits of automation only accrue to the owners of capital, while everyone else gets completely left out. This is absurd: compare someone born to a household in the bottom income quartile today to someone born in that quartile a hundred years ago, the difference in quality of life is ridiculous. All the technology that exists today is the result of automation and capital accumulation: without any, we'd all still be subsistence farmers. It doesn't matter if one doesn't own any capital, one can still buy the things produced by the world's accumulated capital. Capital generally means accumulated savings/investment. One can still have cash without having capital, and this is actually pretty common (or even people having negative capital, like student debt). In short, one buys things by doing/making things for people who do have capital, or for people who don't have capital but have themselves acquired money by doing things for people with capital. >We've known capitalism is broken since at least the times of Karl Marx. By what measure is it broken when it's produced literally orders of magnitude more improvement in human living conditions than anything in the thousand years prior to the advent of capitalism? > The OPs question was whether Capitalism as we understand it now, is suited for the future when we expect most kinds of labour to be done by machines. Capitalism "as we understand it now" is not pure capitalism, it's capitalism accompanied by a welfare system. Why is that not scalable to a future where most labour is not done by machines; what's qualitatively different between 70% of the population working with 30% on welfare, and 10% of the population working with 90% on welfare? >Which means automation will give rise to an increasing number of people who cannot undertake non-automatable knowledge-work, and thus become doomed to be unemployed, and leads to a self-reinforcing cycle out of which they cannot escape. This is a problem that the civilization has to confront, and our current way of thinking about economics will not work there. How is it a problem? If they're less productive than robots in every way, why not just put them on welfare? Current economics handles this perfectly. >If we consider that each of us is beholden to the collective past of entire humanity, the idea of ownership and 'fruits of labour' becomes just a social construct. This construct nevertheless is required today and for the foreseeable future as the only practical way to divide resources. However it is a complicated and probably intractable idea, and is not at all axiomatic as you seem to make it out to be. 'Fruits of labour' is axiomatic in the sense that rejecting it necessarily entails violence. Eg, if Joe picks an apple, but is not allowed to keep the fruits of his labour, this necessarily entails violence or the threat thereof to take the apple away from Joe. If Aaron sings a song and Camelia offers him a pumpkin in exchange for this, but they're not allowed to trade freely, this necessarily implies some violence or threat thereof against them to prevent them from making the exchange. If Martha builds a car for Fred and Fred offers Martha a house in exchange, but then it's decided Fred shouldn't be allowed to keep the car, violence or the threat thereof is necessarily required to take the car from Fred. Unless Fred wanted to give it away freely, for instance charity, but he's perfectly capable of doing this anyway under a 'fruits of one's labour' system. >The government receives less tax revenues because 20% of the population is no longer working (and paying taxes). The assumption is that machines exist that are more productive than all these people no longer working. If these machines didn't exist, then these people would still be productively employed. >I assume perfectly handling it will mean those who do live on this welfare system have their basic needs met, is that the case in the current economy? In most Western Countries it is. America seems to be an exception in terms of having relatively lower welfare payment rates. If the problem is benefits being taken away, doesn't that mean the problem is not with welfare but with the lack of it? We have unemployment because of minimum wage laws. If the minimum wage is n, then many jobs paying less than n are eliminated, as the potential employer might decide that they'd rather go without the service than pay n. Developed countries with lower minimum wages like Singapore, Hong Kong and Taiwan have unemployment rates under 4%. >And because of this, a breathtaking gap opened up between wages in the West and wages everywhere else. This was because of the West getting richer, not everyone else getting poorer. Had the 'third world' countries had the right economic structures in place they too would have gotten richer like the West, much as East Asia has caught up to the West's economic development since economic and social reforms after WW2. Author here. Just a note that by latency-critical, I'm referring to >10 millisecond latencies. If you can tolerate occasional pauses of 400-500 milliseconds, then the GC wouldn't be a problem. Also note that the GC slowness came from having to scan a fairly large heap (a lot of cached stuff); it could be avoided by storing all that off-heap, but I suspect that would complicate the code significantly. Finally, note that by "at least an order of magnitude worse" I'm comparing it to hyper-optimised C++ that's designed for sub-millisecond latencies, as the C++ server used the same framework used in latency-critical HFT software. One issue is that the server uses Google Protocol Buffers. The following definition, for instance: message Foo { required string a = 1; required int32 b = 2; optional int64 c = 3; } Generates a struct like: type Foo struct { a *string b *int32 c *int64 } This is not particularly friendly to the garbage collector compared to a POD struct with no pointers. I didn't realise that was possible; I've updated the post to reflect that. Couldn't it be done with a fixed-size array of runes or bytes? It's definitely possible in C/C++. A good place to start is http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/RegularExpression , followed by https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Re... and https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Re... . They're more references than tutorials though; unfortunately I'm not aware of any comprehensive tutorials on the subject. This would work if we were only using them for messaging, but the protobuffer objects are also used as the datastructure in which the information they contain is stored. This was done in the name of simplicity, to avoid creating a separate internal datastructure for each kind of message. The flow of data is currently: various external sources -> merged into protocol buffer struct -> later sent to client To avoid keeping a heap of protocol buffer structs in the heap, this would need to change to: various external sources -> merged into some internal datastructure -> later converted into protocol buffer struct and sent to client. The pros and cons are all based on what was learned from the porting process. Unfortunately the confidential nature of the software prevents discussing it in greater detail. Go can be a replacement for C++ for programs that didn't need to be written in C++. There aren't many programs like that around nowadays however, as most of the time C++ is only used when it's really necessary, such as for extremely latency-sensitive applications or applications requiring precise memory/allocation control. How did you get around the fact that Go doesn't allow you to modify value-type entries in maps? For instance, if I have a map[int]myFoo, I can't do myMap[24].myParam = 3, I have to create a new myFoo and assign it to myMap[24]. Whereas if I have a map[int]*myFoo, myMap[24].myParam = 3 works fine. I didn't personally make the decision. We don't have any teams using Java, we do have a team using Go. Ergo, Go was chosen. We generally know the maximum string sizes for each property, and they're pretty small, so this wouldn't have been a problem. I had already done a bit of profiling: originally the GC was taking up around 40% of the total running time, and I managed to reduce it to 10% by removing the biggest source of allocations. As it's not latency-critical there wasn't an immediate need for further optimisation. Not yet: simplicity was deemed more important than latency for the present, and it was believed that pooling would bring unneeded complexity. If latency becomes an issue then pooling would be the next step taken. >write `err == nil` instead I actually made this mistake a couple of times. Shows why it's important to unit test all error paths (of the 10k lines, at least 3k were unit tests). For what it's worth I'd personally have preferred to use D, but politically it wasn't an option. As opposed to communism, which leads to everything being produced/owned by one entity, the state? I'm sure there are reasonably arguments for communism but I've never heard it asserted that encouraging market competition is one of them. What other alternatives are there? Socialism? There are plenty of socialist countries, but I'm not aware of any that would prevent Apple from buying a relatively small company like that behind Foundation. Economic freedom is a scale. On one side, there's 100% freedom of exchange/ownership, pure propertarian capitalism, which doesn't exist on Earth right now. On the other side, there's pure communal communism, which also doesn't exist on Earth right now. If neither extreme nor minimal economic freedom would address the issue, how could some intermediate level do any better? Are these people trying to desperately free themselves from wage slavery the same people who spend most of their time watching tv, playing games or caring for children nobody forced them to have? If so they don't seem so desperate to me. Generally the people I've met who work hard to develop themselves and develop skills society needs end up doing quite well for themselves, although I admit that as an Australian my experience is probably different from the US. Here we have more socialised education and healthcare, so anyone with motivation can go to college. Whether or not a company is allowed to buy another company is a matter of economic freedom. All other things being equal, the more freedom companies have to buy others, the greatest the level of economic freedom, as freedom to buy is a component of economic freedom. Allowing companies to buy any companies has issues. Not allowing companies to buy other companies also has issues. So how could any intermediate situation not have issues? If it forbids in some cases, it will have some of the problems associated with forbidding. If it allows in some cases, it will have some of the problems associated with lenience. From this forum, which is probably my largest source of interaction with Americans, I get the impression that most Americans think life is extremely hard for the lower class there. >Both extremes concentrate power eventually (in the state or in megacorps). Somewhere in the middle, you have an open and capitalist market, but the government keeps large cooperations in check, and the population keeps the government in check. What in this middle ground would prevent Apple from buying FoundationDB? I can't see this happening in any middle-ground countries like Europe. >Your argument now amounts to "there will always be issues", which is correct but not useful. The argument I responded to was essentially asserting the existence of a non-capitalist solution that would have prevented Apple from buying FoundationDB without negative consequences. If I successfully argue that there are no perfect solutions, than that undermines the argument to which I was replying, and forces the poster to engage with the issue in more detail than just "capitalism is bad". >In the middle you have a situation where there is free enterprise, but as a cooperation you also have to play by the rules that were set up to maintain fair competition and avoid centralisation of power. The middle situation faces the potential of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture . This state-enforced monopoly is a small-scale manifestation of the complete state monopoly associated with 100% state ownership. The only way to completely avoid regulatory capture is to have no regulatory agencies, but this of course brings troubles of its own. There's no perfect middle. How's voting the corrupt politicians away working in practice in the US? From what I hear, not very well. Go has an well-designed, integrated lightweight thread scheduler. The only popular languages with equivalent lightweight threading systems are Haskell, which takes orders of magnitude longer to master than Go, and Erlang/Elixir, which lack static typing. There's also Clojure with Pulsar, but Clojure lacks statically typed libraries, and the Java equivalent of Pulsar, which is ugly to use compared to goroutines as it's not a built-in language feature and Java syntax can't easily be extended like Clojure's. Rust has libgreen, but it is extremely underdeveloped compared to the schedulers/runtimes mentioned above. For developers interested in static typing, lightweight CSP-style threads and ease of learning, Go hence currently represents a much better choice than Rust. If it's a minimal Arch Linux install, it could well by under a gigabyte. >increased productivity Isn't part of the problem that many university degrees don't really provide any such "productivity" increases? Things like communications, postmodern art history and gender studies, while possibly contributing to the intellectual development of students (assuming students don't just spend the whole course drinking), don't really increase students' ability to do or produce anything that other people value enough to pay for. http://pharo.org/success >Slots model instance variables as first class enities and enable meta-programming on this level. That sounds similar to Self, where everything was expressed with slots, including instance variables. I believe Self also had a way to mark slots as immutable, which would be an awesome feature to get in Pharo. There's actually a port of OCaml to the JVM that has pretty good interop with the Java ecosystem, or at least it will once it's out of beta: http://www.ocamljava.org/ . I've used it a little and haven't had any problems. You can run it on Jetty, so performance is excellent, and you get access to the whole Java ecosystem. Things like Core.async, Pulsar (modeled after Go's coroutines/Erlang's actors) and Software Transactional Memory make parallel/concurrent programming a breeze. The biggest "issue" some people have with it is that it's generally dynamically typed, but if you don't mind that then it's at least as effective as other server side dynamic languages. Since we're posting benchmarks, here's Java vs Haskell: http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u64q/compare.php?lan... . The Haskell implementations generally use much less memory than the Java ones and perform competitively. In spite of criticism that some of the Haskell implementations are not idiomatic, they're no more verbose than the Java ones in terms of LOC. Software engineers can also take pride in the fact that any career success we achieve is the result of the value we produce, and is not just due to regulatory/structural limitations reducing the number of competitors in our field. >If people don't like culture, that's fine I thought the whole point of the modern humanities is that culture (or at least western culture) is evil and oppressive. In my experience the average humanities course is not concerned with "culture" in the "cultured" sense of the word, which I assume is the definition you were using. The university I attended recently dropped all the Greek, Latin and Classics courses, for instance, and fired (negotiated generous early retirement packages with) all the staff who had taught them. I suspect if you compared the relative number of people studying those topics now to fifty years ago, there'd be significantly fewer now studying classics etc. I've nothing against anthropology, gender studies etc. as disciplines, just with how they're often taught, with a focus on promoting particular ideologies rather than detached critical thinking. I encourage anyone who likes React and doesn't mind lisp to check out Reagent, an awesome Clojurescript library built atop React that manages to completely hide its complexity. It's by far the most fun I've ever had with web development; the way I feel now is like how I imagine people who've had religious epiphanies must feel when trying to show potential converts the proverbial light of god. https://reagent-project.github.io/ It essentially combines all of React into a single component, the Reagent atom. It's used exactly like a normal Clojure atom, but whenever it's updated, Reagent will automatically update all Reagent components that depend on it. I find this quite elegant, as it allows one to write pretty much any reactive ui using only three functions: deref, update and render-component. Reagent atoms can even be passed between Clojurescript async threads, and will still work as expected, which completely eliminates the need for any kind of callback hell. So what it eliminates is the need to learn React. Anyone who understands how Clojure atoms work and how to use Hiccup-style HTML templating will be able to use Reagent with almost zero learning curve. Reagent means you don't have to grok Reagent at all. If you know how Clojure atoms work, how to use Hiccup-style templates, and understand that all templates ('components') that dereference a Reagent atom will be automatically updated when the atom is, then you know how to use Reagent. There doesn't have to be a single atom holding the whole application, that's just an approach some people take. An example of passing data between threads: imagine a forum that allowed indefinitely nested comments. It also loads comments lazily; one must click to load a comment's child comments, in which case they'll be loaded from the backend. However, if the child comments are minimised again, then expanded again, another backend request won't be made, as the data is already loaded. I approached this by having a separate 'thread' running that just listened for messages (maps) on a channel. If it was a :get-children message, this thread would check the local cache for the parent comment's ID, and if it found it then it'd add the data to the atom provided in the request, otherwise it would fetch the data, add it to the cache, and then add it to the provided atom. The comment component would then take a copy of that channel, which it'd pass to its children, and to get comment children data it'd just pass a :get-children message into the channel with an empty atom for the other thread to fill. If a button was clicked that changed a comment somehow, then it could send a :update message through the channel with the parent id, and the other thread would re-fetch the relevant data from the backend. Of course, there's nothing here that couldn't be done with promises/async. I just personally find Go/Erlang style message passing between threads to be simpler and easier to reason about than async/await, and I believe Reagant/Clojurescript would appeal to others who feel similarly. What made you decide Telegram was a worse choice than Whatsapp? At least Telegram doesn't send nasty letters to people developing unofficial clients. Is Whatsapp secure? If not, and they're both insecure, then I think Telegram makes a better choice, if for nothing else than its better multi-platform support. It's not just about affordability, it's also about education. Plain rice, flour and the like are much cheaper per calorie/nutrient than junk food, and healthier, but many people simply don't know how to cook. I know families in Asia, for instance, who while being almost an order of magnitude poorer than the American poverty line are still a lot healthier, because they know how to prepare their own food from staples. >But I suppose it's easy (but lazy) to make a moral play of this. Lazier than assuming that because by chance you were born in a particular country you're somehow entitled to get paid more per unit work than people born in other countries? >I also think Americans should be exceptionally generous (I think they could do a log better), but to believe that everyone just rolled the dice so many decades ago and current Americans just happened to end up on top is to have a real nihilistic approach to history, governance, and culture. For the record I wasn't implying that the wealth of nations is due to chance. I just meant roll of the dice in that, if there are N babies being born in a given moment, and K of those births are in a well-off country, then a given baby has a K/N chance of being born in a well-off country. Which country it's born in is not the result of any decisions on the baby's part, although I suppose as you point out it could be a result of decisions made by its parents. >I would argue that it's mostly fair for Americans to expect that their children, friends, and neighbors reap the benefits of their ingenuity and sacrifice. According to Forbes[1], 40% of Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or their children, and if one assumes those companies are a net benefit to America then immigration isn't necessarily a zero-sum game. 1. http://www.forbes.com/sites/stuartanderson/2011/06/19/40-per... >without a determined effort to end poverty around the world, there is always to be a limitless source of desperate people. Is this necessarily the case? Average global wages have been increasing steadily, especially in developing countries, so if the current trajectory continues then eventually a stage will be reached where everyone has a "first world" income, even if that takes another hundred years. I've noticed the same thing: amongst the people I know, proficiency in programming appears to be almost directly proportional to the time spent doing it. Same with proficiency in visual arts. Perhaps it'd make more sense to refer to some programmers as 10x interest programmers; they often find it more interesting than hanging out with friends, more interesting than watching tv, more interesting than family stuff, so of course they're gonna put a lot more time into it than most and hence wind up a lot more skilled at it. >A poor person working multiple part-time jobs probably hasn't much of a choice. They may not have a choice over that, but they may have had control over many of the decisions that led them into that situation. E.g. they could have chosen to study harder, to go back to school, not to have children when they lacked the money to support them, etc. They could have chosen to spend less money on consumables like cigarettes and alcohol. I suspect this is particularly true in countries with socialised education/healthcare (most 'western' countries apart from the US). Most of the poor people I've met here in Australia, for instance, are either poor because a: they're happy with a low paying job, or b: they continually make bad decisions and have an anti-intellectual attitude, a distaste for learning and self-betterment. In my experience the ones who actively work towards improving their situation rarely stay in poverty for long. There are also people who come from fairly awful backgrounds and still manage to forge successful lives for themselves. How? They make different choices than the people who never manage to escape the circumstances of their birth. >basic nurturing needed to become an independent adult in today's world I'm not sure what you mean here. The people I've met from poorer backgrounds are some of the most independent people I know. Adversity breeds self-reliance. Or how Microsoft and Oracle used IBM's SQL API. It seems to have a fair slew of type-system features, so how does it manage to compile so fast, compared to for instance the Rust compiler, which doesn't do global type inference? >If we define (roughly) social acceptance as the property of sharing common opinions among the crowd, then we can infer that thinking independently would unlikely lead to social acceptance. Thinking independently doesn't necessarily entail sharing one's independent opinions with whomever one meets. Creativity implies the ability to create humour, and making people laugh is one of the easiest ways to get them to like you. Combined with intelligence, which makes it easier to work out what people want to hear, I'd argue that creativity actually brings a significant social advantage, at least when it's consciously directed towards achieving social ends. Feynman represents a good example of this, achieving social success by using his creativity as a fount of humour. >If, there have already been 500 people making jokes in the same way as Feynman did -- for instance, if before reading his book, everyone already played prank on some waitress girl in a restaurant by putting the tips under an upside-down filled cup, would they still find the description in the book funny? Just like what I typed, do you still find this re-description of Feynman's joke funny, like the first time you read about it? I was making the implicit assumption that there is an unbounded quantity of potential jokes. 500 Feynmen wouldn't all be making the same jokes; they'd all make different jokes. Just like how 500 Feynmen wouldn't all be writing the same books or making the same scientific discoveries. Is that why Go is so popular in China? The "Our well-known customers" section on the Beego framework homepage ( http://beego.me/ ) seems to list most of the largest Chinese internet companies, for instance. I'd love to read a blog post by someone fired for not using MongoDB; I suspect the justification their employer gave for the firing decision would be quite entertaining. If that happened and IBM said to Oracle "We want 30% of your database revenue if you wish to keep using our SQL API", would there be anything Oracle could do? >The private company would also price gouge because they would also be a monopoly - only you would not be able to lobby the private company and vote for a different one... They needn't necessarily be a monopoly; there's nothing stopping multiple certification companies coexisting. Providing certification is not a natural monopoly. "When there are many restrictions in the world The people become more impoverished The more laws are posted The more robbers and thieves there are" - Lao Tzu >What will cut back agricultural water usage (usage, not deliveries from canals) by around 2/3 in a durable way, which minimizes the hit to GDP? Reducing agricultural subsidies would both cut back agricultural water usage and improve GDP, as most agricultural subsidies make little sense from an economic perspective, representing a net drain on productivity. They encourage farming in places not conducive to farming, leading to significant environmental degradation. Considering the strength of the agricultural lobby however such subsidies are unlikely to be repealed. What you're describing sounds a bit like the left-libertarian philosophy of Agorism ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agorism ), and counter-economics ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counter-economics ). >I wonder how the medical and legal industries do it. Do they actually do it with any success? According to this article: http://www.forbes.com/sites/leahbinder/2013/09/23/stunning-n... , medical errors represent the third leading cause of death in the United States. Medical licensing makes it hard to enter the industry, but it doesn't seem to do much good of forcing dangerously incompetent practitioners out of the industry. I like the solution a friend suggested: flip the interviewer upside-down. Does this take into account the risk of a housing market crash? For me, the biggest reason for renting rather than buying is to avoid putting all my bags in one basket; I wouldn't buy $500k worth of shares of one company, so spending $500k on a single house seems similarly risky. US taxes contribute more to violent deaths and unnecessary punishments/imprisonments per dollar than taxes paid in most other countries. The US spends a greater proportion of GDP on "defense" than almost all other Western countries, so a tax dollar paid in the US is more likely to contribute to "defense" and less likely to contribute to education, healthcare or whatnot than a tax dollar paid in e.g. Sweden or Holland. Similarly, the US has 25% of the world's prison population yet only 5% of its total population, so necessarily spends a relatively higher percentage of tax dollars on incarceration. There are actually people who do everything they can to minimise their tax liability in order to reduce the money spent on things they consider unjust: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_resistance . Every dollar not paid in US tax is a dollar that won't contribute to blowing up people in the Middle East who have the misfortune of being in proximity to suspected terrorists (tens of thousands of people over the past decade) [1]. Similarly, every dollar not paid in US tax is a dollar that won't be spent putting poor people in prison for smoking a weed that causes less violence in a decade than alcohol causes in a day. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilian_casualties_in_the_war... Even the smartest teammates in the world won't protect a program from that idiot who wrote all the code in my personal projects. Good type systems minimise the damage that he can do. >I wonder what rob pike has to say about OOP or java, I wish I could listen to it. “object-oriented design is the roman numerals of computing.” - Rob Pike ( http://harmful.cat-v.org/software/OO_programming/ ) Some other gems from that page: “Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in California.” – Edsger Dijkstra “The phrase "object-oriented” means a lot of things. Half are obvious, and the other half are mistakes.“ – Paul Graham “I used to be enamored of object-oriented programming. I’m now finding myself leaning toward believing that it is a plot designed to destroy joy.” – Eric Allman “The problem with object-oriented languages is they’ve got all this implicit environment that they carry around with them. You wanted a banana but what you got was a gorilla holding the banana and the entire jungle.” – Joe Armstrong >Renters can get the same benefit if they save up a lot of money or invest smartly, but that takes more discipline than just making mortgage payments each month. I wonder how many renters are actually aware of this difference, versus just spending their extra disposable income on fancy clothes, booze, and gadgets. I'd be interested to hear what Americans think of a policy we have in Australia called mandatory superannuation. It essentially forces people to put around 12% of their income into pension funds (they can choose which fund, or possibly even self-manage it in some cases) that they can't touch until they're retired, meaning that people who rent their whole lives and save nothing can still have hundreds of thousands in savings to support them when they retire. >We're essentially paying out of pocket for the current retirees and by the time we retire there will be nobody to pay our pension. Australia's system is slightly different, in that the pension funds are privately owned and the government (currently) has no way to take money out of them or use it for anything else. People here'd be pretty pissed off if the government started dipping into their super. >To be fair, I don't think our government is dipping into anything. They're just using the funds to pay out current pensions because there isn't enough money in the system. That's what I meant by dipping in: they're using the funds. In the Australian system each person's funds are in their own account and the government can't use it for anything else, nor can the super fund, so it's impossible for someone to be paid out of someone else's account. I'm really impressed by how backwards compatible it is. I just changed the Clojure version from "1.6.0" to "1.7.0" for one of my side projects, without updating any library versions, ran it, all the tests passed, and it seems to work perfectly. It also didn't break my Emacs setup, which is a breath of fresh air compared to how much work it was to get the Haskell tooling working with the new 7.10 GHC release (GHC-mod for instance still doesn't have a compatible release, although the trunk mostly works with 7.10). Similarly, even though it's months after the 7.10 release there are still libraries that don't support it, like reactive-banana-wx, whilst a couple of the Clojure libraries I'm using haven't been updated in over a year yet still work fine on 1.7, and none of the libraries I'm using break on 1.7. To be fair, GHC and the Haskell ecosystem is far more complex than Clojure and its ecosystem/standard library. Nevertheless it's pleasant how easy Clojure was to upgrade (although of course this stability is nothing special: more conservative languages like Go and Java generally break almost nothing on upgrade). http://www.forbes.com/sites/leahbinder/2013/09/23/stunning-n... "With these latest revelations, medical errors now claim the spot as the third leading cause of death in the United States, dwarfing auto accidents, diabetes and everything else besides Cancer and heart disease." Based on the findings of http://journals.lww.com/journalpatientsafety/Fulltext/2013/0... According to [1], medical errors are actually the third leading cause of death in the United States, so it's hardly a small probability. 1. http://www.forbes.com/sites/leahbinder/2013/09/23/stunning-n... To those who think that in future robots will be able to do all the jobs currently done by humans, why would these robots (which would need to be at least as intelligent as us to completely replace us) be willing to work for free (without us doing any work for them in return)? And what about the moral issues involved in using sentient beings as slaves? >I'm more inclined to blame the horrible 30 year old UNIX APIs than python. Datapoint: I encountered the same thing on Windows, having to use the Powershell equivalent of `killall python` to deal with it. >If only the Chicago and Austrian schools would change their minds when data supporting their propositions are weak or of low confidence. Many classical and neoclassical economic propositions are of a fundamentally epistemological nature, not strictly positivist. Such as the reasoning that, if without interference person A does action X at time T, X may be taken as the action they most preferred to do at time T, as if it wasn't then why would they have done it? In which case any interference with their taking of action X necessarily produces an inferior outcome in terms of their preferences at time T, as they're forced to take an action other than their most-preferred action. In this sense a person's preference for an action is defined by their taking of that action over all other possible ones when not interfered with, and as a definition its validity is a matter of epistemology, not something subject to empirical analysis. The Austrian school uses this ordinal form of utility as its basis, building upon the idea that interfering with someone's free action is the one thing that can clearly be shown to be undesirable as above. The Chicago school, on the other hand, also incorporates a quantitative form of utility, to allow for interpersonal utility comparisons. This requires some epistemological assumptions, for instance that preferences don't change over time or their rate of change follows a particular mathematical function, or that if someone buys 3 apples for $30 they value each at $10, rather than e.g. the first at $13, the second at $2, and the third at $15. Austrians dispute the validity of any such assumptions, and hence reach different conclusions. These epistemological foundations are matters of logic/philosophy, and hence no more amenable to empirical analysis than a proposition like 'abortion is immoral'. Modern economics tends to ignore epistemological issues, and instead focuses on finding the best way to maximise particular empirical metrics, without going into detailed study of the epistemological and philosophical validity of the metrics in question. So it's important to distinguish between economics as a tool for predicting and assessing the effects of particular phenomena on particular metrics (econometrics) and economics as an epistemological approach. >I'm well aware of the differences between the Chicago and Austrian schools, but I think this quote is a dubious assumption because it assumes human beings are primarily rational creates that act according to rules and reason. It doesn't assume any of these things. It defines preference based on the action an individual takes when not interfered with, and builds a value system based around taking this form of preference as a "good". You're assuming the existence of some absolute concept of "rationality" by actions may be judged; Austrian economics does not make this assumption. >It's actually possible for people to take actions which they don't prefer to take. Not if you define preference as what is demonstrated by people's action at a given point in time when not interfered with. Which is what the Austrians do. If you want to give a different definition of preference, that's fine, but the issue of what definition of preference forms the best basis for a value system is a matter of philosophy, not science. >Praxeology IMHO is thoroughly unscientific, contradicts modern neuroscience and psychology with many of its assumptions about people Praxeology treats the acting individual as just that: an individual, a black box. Not a collection of competing mental components. Which model of the mind to use is a matter of philosophy. We could for instance treat the mind as nothing more than a deterministic product of atoms, neurons and the like, but then we'd have to make our models much more complicated. It's a matter of philosophical debate which part of the brain and its experience constitutes the mind, and the Austrian approach is to sidestep this issue by just treating the person as a black box. >Both the Chicago school and the Austrian school start out with assuming the outcomes -- a free market s what's desired, and produced the best outcomes This is simply not correct. They work forward from first principles to reach the conclusion that a free market produces better outcomes, because how they define "better outcomes" is based on the first principles they have chosen. An Austrian thinks a free market is good because a free market minimises interference with people's freedom of exchange, and Austrians define interference with freedom of exchange as a fundamental negative. A socialist may think a free market is bad because it leads to unequal distribution of wealth, and the socialist views unequal distribution of wealth as a fundamental negative. The issue of who is right about free markets, the socialist or the Austrian, cannot be settled by empirical methods, as it's a matter of philosophy: the Austrian and the Socialist have fundamentally different notions of what is morally good/bad. >when externalities are not priced in for things human beings care about in the abstract but not in their day to day preferences, like the long term ecosystem, or the health and welfare of future generations The importance of the condition of future generations is again a matter of philosophy. For an Austrian, its importance is determined by the consideration for it that is implied by the actions of the current generation. For an extremely passionate environmentalist, the living conditions of generations thousands of years in the future might be viewed as more important than the preferences of the current generation. These valuations are based on the philosophical underpinnings of the belief systems of the individuals in question, not on propositions subject to empirical verification. >If economics is unpredictable, or the consequences of actions unknowable it also means the consequences of inaction or the 'free market' are unknowable, but that's no basis for siding against government action. The use of ordinal forms of utility in economics is meant to account for this. E.g. if an economist argues that action Y is bad by virtue of stopping person P from doing action X, which they'd otherwise do, then it doesn't matter what the consequences of action Y is, as their argument against Y is not based upon its predicted consequences. >I also think it's more moral than either of those. This is almost tautologically true. Unless you have the same moral foundations as a pure free marketer or a Marxist, you're not going to view their approaches to economics as more moral than one based on your own moral and epistemological foundations. >Actually, by your definition, an Austrian holds, as a first principle, the free market as a good. There can be no "because" there, it is simply a moral axiom for Austrians that the behaviors that people make in free market conditions define what good is. That's exactly my point! Which is why arguing against an Austrian position (or for that matter a Marxist one, or one from any economic school based around a specific moral system) can only be done philosophically, not empirically, as their core tenants are moral axioms, not testable empirical propositions. Interference is generally defined as physical interference of some sort, using violence or the threat thereof to prevent the action. If action X introduced a new alternative that person A preferred, then it wouldn't require violence as person A would consent to it if they viewed it as better than the alternative. If you're unhappy with unclear definitions in philosophy you might appreciate Wittgenstein's Tractatus: http://philosurfical.open.ac.uk/tractatus/tabs.html , in which he uses formal logic to present a proof that all moral philosophy is nonsense. It's considered by some to be the greatest work of philosophy of the 20th century. "The correct method in philosophy would really be the following: to say nothing except what can be said, i.e. propositions of natural science--i.e. something that has nothing to do with philosophy -- and then, whenever someone else wanted to say something metaphysical, to demonstrate to him that he had failed to give a meaning to certain signs in his propositions. Although it would not be satisfying to the other person--he would not have the feeling that we were teaching him philosophy--this method would be the only strictly correct one." >It's a bad idea to treat philosophy as a menu from which one can choose the most appealing items and be left with a satisfactory understanding of the problems at hand. Why's that? All moral propositions ultimately rest on either circular reasoning or unjustified assumptions ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regress_argument , also see the argument in Wittgenstein's aforementioned Tractatus), so searching for absolute philosophical truth is doomed to failure. There's even a school of philosophy based around this approach: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragmatism . >I was just saying that stopping at the Tractatus as if it would satisfy the previous commenter is, well, not good. I didn't mean to imply this, rather I meant it as a starting point, to give the commenter an example of a philosophical text that is more formal in its definitions, and hence might frustrate them less. I should probably have made it clearer though that I was just presenting the quote from Tractatus, not necessarily endorsing it. Considering the popularity of Evil Mode, Vim emulation for Emacs, the idea of Vim conceding to Emacs is like the notion that the parasitic Alien in the movie of the same name conceded to Sigourney Weaver's shipmates. Live dangerously: deploy on Arch. Then you'll never have to work with outdated anything again ;) Actually, although I've been using Arch Linux for over two years now (not in production; I'm not brave enough), I've hardly had any issues at all with its rolling updates. The worst was just having to manually delete some Java binaries from /usr/bin when the way it handled Java was updated to allow Java 7 and 8 to exist side by side. Would you consider it less flawed if it hadn't rebounded after the drop? I thought being able to recover quickly from market shocks was considered a good thing. Counterpoint: I lived in Eastern China from 2011-2013, and the majority of the people I met around my age (early twenties) hated the party. They hated the Great Firewall, hated the censorship and hated the Chengguan ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/City_Urban_Administrative_and_... ). They just didn't linger on it much as they didn't feel there's anything they could do to change it. Certainly none believed it was "better" than the political systems in Taiwan, Singapore or pre-Chinese Hong Kong. Of course, that could just be due to selection bias in the people I associate with. I wasn't defending the article. The poster I was replying to referred to the market as "flawed", so I suppose I was defending the market? You can't regulate away bad decisions, but you can regulate away the consequences (by shifting them onto the wider population). Not that I support this, as I believe it unfairly penalises people who make good decisions, but it's certainly possible. Question: on a scale of Go to Haskell, how long on average does it take for devs only familiar with a couple of imperative languages (e.g. two of Python, C, Java or Ruby) to learn Elixir to the point that they can be productive with it? >It is safe to say, that the economic theory a person subscribes to is highly related to their income. This is an overly pessimistic view that ignores the philosophical aspects of economics. E.g. I lived on under $15k per year for a couple of years before I moved into software development, but during that time I still supported a very liberal approach to economics. This is because I hate violence (I can't even bring myself to crush spiders that wander into the house), and view redistributive economics as necessarily violent, as in a roundabout way it's forcing people to give goods/services/tokens of exchange to me that they may not want to give (since they're forced to give it via taxation lest they face imprisonment, I cannot assume it's voluntary). Other people may not care so much about this and take a more utilitarian approach, focusing on maximising some particular metrics (such as GDP or income equality), so they'll reach different conclusions. Assuming people subscribe solely to the theories (economic or otherwise) that maximise the financial benefit to them is ironically a rather economics-style view of the world, and I'm fortunate enough to say that most of the people I'm close to don't fit this characterisation. In terms of actual data, there's a correlation, but it's far from being the strongest factor: http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/11/does-you... I'm not sure about IDEs, but if you install Evil mode you get a pretty awesome text editor. >offer choice, allow people to shop around, and costs will go down, right? Just wanted to point out that tough medical licensing regimes actually make it quite hard to shop around. This paper provides an interesting analysis: http://econjwatch.org/file_download/54/2004-08-svorny-reach_... . Or, for the short-of-time, a shorter, more biased summary: http://www.forbes.com/2009/08/25/american-medical-associatio... >Social sciences are sciences. They study different things to the 'hard sciences' but this doesn't mean they're not science, and doesn't mean they're not important. Something's a science if it adheres to the scientific method, not just because it calls itself a science. Given findings like http://arstechnica.com/science/2015/08/100-psychology-experi... , social science may not be doing a great job of following the scientific method. >Credit scores and match quality appear predictive of subsequent separations even beyond these credit channels, suggesting that credit scores reveal an individual's relationship skill and level of commitment. From an economic perspective this looks like time preference. Individuals who place a greater value on enjoyment in the present compared to enjoyment at some time in future are less likely to save money for the future, preferring to enjoy it now, and are also less likely to persist through the difficult parts of a relationship in pursuit of some future benefit from having a lasting relationship. I prefer the economic perspective as it's more impartial, and doesn't make the assumption that lack of "relationship skill" is the cause of relationship failure. You may be right actually, I didn't consider that. I'm Australian and here I think the system works a bit differently, so banks and whatnot will take into account your savings history when determining whether to loan you money. It's still the case in the US though that someone who saves will do a better job of payment reliability than someone who borrows the same amount of money but doesn't save, as the former will always have savings on hand with which to make repayments, while the latter may not. I think the Australian system is fairer, where university entrance is determined almost solely by the results of our SAT equivalent and our final year of high school in a largely automated matter. Universities don't even know the race of applicants (although they do know if the applicant is a member of the underrepresented Aboriginal minority). Even if this is the case, it's also led to a rising standard of living for the Asian lower and middle class, who vastly outnumber the American lower class. So if one assumes all peoples' living standards are equally valuable, then it's a net win. >I think it's fair to characterise democracy as two foxes and a hen voting on what's for dinner! Given the nature of the original quote ("Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote." - Benjamin Franklin), does that imply that the poor need more guns? >Cannot rely on infinite economic growth on a planet with finite resources. On a longer timescale this might not even be an issue if efficient technology is developed for interstellar travel and terraforming other planets. >Isolation is one of the main challenges faced by gifted individuals, especially those with no social network of gifted peers. In order to gain popularity, gifted children will often try to hide their abilities to win social approval. That seems to suggest the cause of the problem is a lack of high IQ individuals. If the majority had a high IQ due to IA, nobody would feel isolated by their high IQ (although then the low IQ minority might feel isolated). If that's the case, it seems like it would be a pretty easy problem to fix: allow schools to suspend/expel students who are repeatedly disruptive or violent in class. From a utilitarian perspective this would probably be a net win, in that whatever the disruptive students lost from being expelled would be more than made up for by what the students who actually wanted to learn gained from not having the disruptive students interrupting the learning process. I find this ironic, as I've lived in a few cities in mainland China and it was almost impossible to walk more than a couple blocks without seeing a "massage parlour" or the like. In spite of it being nominally illegal there, China seems a lot more tolerant of prostitution than the average US/Canadian city, so I don't imagine an ad like this would have much effect. Why don't private schools have to deal with these "dull-normals" too? Having rich parents doesn't disqualify one from having below-average IQ. >As a nation, we've decided that every child should be educated. The key point is that the current approach is failing at this. It's possible that by giving up on the really hard cases and focusing more on the average cases, it would be possible to educate more children than the current approach achieves. Better to reach for a good outcome and succeed than to reach for a perfect outcome and fail, so to speak. >I think education and patience are helpful in teaching kids to vent their frustrations in more productive ways, so depriving them of those things seems likely to make it a vicious cycle. The problem is that spending time in school doesn't necessarily equal education, especially for the most difficult students. As a hypothetical, if it could be known that a particular student is 99% likely not to gain anything from being forced to spend the next 3 years in a classroom, and it's also known that this student harasses other students, reducing their ability to benefit from learning, would the benefit of keeping this student in class on the 1% chance they'd gain something outweigh the downsides? Well there must be private schools somewhere that admit children of below-average intelligence, due to the profit to be had from rich parents with said children, so perhaps it would be instructive to look at how those schools handle it. >But if you start thrusting out the bottom end of students without even the increasingly value-less credential of a high school diploma, you're effectively consigning them to the prison system for life. This wouldn't be a case with something like a basic income system. Or, the alternative more politically palatable to conservatives: make-work programs. Where people are paid to do work that, while not necessarily economically productive, nevertheless gives them the psychological satisfaction of feeling like they're working and contributing to society, and possibly helps them develop the discipline required to pursue further education in future. This sounds surprisingly large; is there a source on this? Prostitutes in countries currently at equivalent levels of economic/social development to the 1900s west certainly aren't making that much. >do you know why people immigrate from places like china to places like canada? maybe the fact that there's a brothel every 2 blocks in china has something to do with it. None of the Chinese I know here in Australia came here for that reason, and I certainly can't see them changing their votes based on a party's attitude towards brothels. Although I suppose prostitution being legal here may have something to do with that; the ones who were hated it enough to migrate away from it obviously wouldn't migrate to a country where it's legal. That's somewhat disheartening: it suggests that it isn't a problem that can be solved by throwing more money at it. >We need to come up some better language for people who could afford a house in another town, but prefer to live in the open in order to be in some particular geographic spot. How about "homefree" for voluntary homelessness? Much as people who deliberately choose not to have children have adopted the term "childfree" to describe their lifestyle, as opposed to "childless". >Having IntelliJ just work is always discounted more than I think people should. To be fair, Kotlin has the advantage of being created by the company that makes IntelliJ, so it's got a big head start IDE-wise. >Lets take for example a simple law that says all employers must give their employees health insurance. No sane person is against people having health insurance Given that in many countries apart from the US, health insurance is provided by the government and/or private sector, I'd posit that there are quite a few sane people who don't believe having employers be responsible for providing health insurance is necessarily a good idea. An example found by some quick Googling: http://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2012/05/12/how-emp... Sorry, I assumed from the sentence preceding it that you meant that no sane person would be against employers providing health insurance. >It was also highly effective way to reduce poverty. Citation needed; correlation does not equal causation. Other East Asian countries showed similar reductions in fertility in spite of no similar policies, and much greater reductions in poverty. China vs. India vs. Asian Tigers (Hong Kong, Singapore, Korea): GDP per capita versus fertility rate http://www.google.se/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&ct... Taiwan excluded because it seems to be missing from that dataset. It depends how you define "socially optimal". A key notion of economics is that if two people voluntarily agree to something, it must be of some benefit of them at that moment compared to alternatives else they wouldn't have agreed. A market can consist solely of such interaction. A democracy on the other hand involves people via votes controlling what other people can and can't do (in a market context, reducing their control over what, how and to whom they can exchange their labour and products thereof), which necessarily entails some kind of loss (in terms of otherwise-realised unrealised preference) from the people who are not able to do what they'd be doing absent coercion by the democracy's enforcers. Pure free-market economics adopts the epistemological stance that utility (the economic proxy for value, based roughly on the notion of value being defined as the sum of people's realised preferences) isn't quantifiable, so no potential utility gained from the results of the democratic thwarting of some people's preferences can outweigh the definite loss from those people not realising their preferences. Other schools of economics do view utility as quantifiable, so it's possible to say that there can be a net benefit from interfering with someone's preferences based on the result of democratic process. They disagree however in how utility is best quantified. Schools of thought external to economics often have measures of value that differ substantially from the economic notion of utility. In particular, any scheme that assumes the existence of moral absolutes is fundamentally incompatible with the notion of utility. It's hence important to consider that any economics that makes recommendations (that isn't just econometrics/prediction) is necessarily based on some particular philosophical propositions regarding what's valuable. Without this, economic discussion tends to degrade to people talking past each other because they have fundamentally different theories of value, fundamentally different metrics for the "optimal" in social optimality. To put it another way, whether or not there is an optimal solution depends on how optimality is defined, so discussing solutions without defining optimality is pointless. >The problem is that interactions of two other people can also impose cost on me. Then if this is worse than some opportunity lost is not clear cut. The economic answer would be that the possible costs it could impose on you can be expressed as violations of your property rights, and if they wished to do this then they'd need to compensate you, or else you could sue them for redress. >I know, but it's an absurd stance, isn't it? It let's you do things like seeing a person that has a heart attack and thinking "I see you have a heart attack, but why should I help you, maybe it's your preference!" Being absurd doesn't necessarily make it less philosophically valid. In one sense the whole concept of morality is absurd, via https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regress_argument . There's even a school of philosophy called Absurdism that based around recognition of the absurdity of seeking absolute values that inherently cannot be found: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absurdism . On a more concrete level, the rejection of quantifiable utility is based on rejection of the extra assumptions it requires. Two in particular: firstly, it assumes some kind of simple relationship, so that if person X buys 10 apples for $100, then they valued each apple at $10 (linear), or maybe the first at $50, the second at 25$, etc. (polynomial). There is however no irrefutable logical justification for the assumption, e.g. perhaps they valued the first at $30, the second at $1, the third at $4, the fourth at $5. Secondly, it assumes that a person's preferences at time t have any relation to their preferences at time t+1. >People's happiness depends more on the relative quality of their lives compared to others. It's a basic property of humanity. This used to be called "envy", and seen as a vice to be avoided. Interestingly, the description of it as a "basic property" of humanity is in a way similar to symbolic interpretations of the Christian notion of "original sin" (Christians/theologians please correct me if I'm wrong). >Let me explain a specific example: If a person A cheats person B out of his money, it affects me negatively. It poses a risk in the future that person A, being a cheater, will repeat this many times and eventually will have enough money to cheat me. (Both B and me will agree to be cheated by A at the time when we will be cheated, yet it won't be our preference. Kind of like getting a forced move by check in chess.) It depends what you mean by "cheat". If A lies, then A potentially committed fraud or the like, and can be persecuted. If A just took advantage of B's gullibility (sold him some great swampland or the like), this wouldn't pose any risk to you unless you were gullible too. >Which is a bullshit excuse. We have mathematical capabilities to deal with these kinds of problems - probability, fuzzy logic, whatever. It's just laziness of economists to show that the free market assumptions hold under these new assumptions. It's a not about a lack of mathematics, it's an empistemological issue: how can these assumptions be justified? Any qualitative model necessarily requires more assumptions. As all moral assumptions/statements are ultimately arbitrary due to the regress problem I mentioned previously, fewer assumptions means less arbitrarity. >In particular, we can model things like this in computers. You can't model things like this in computers until you can model human brains in computers. Until then, you have to make arbitrary assumptions that some kind of agent in particular model morally approximates an actual human, which is yet another assumption that must be justified. >It's a nice curiosity to have free markets work under some weird, unrealistic assumptions, but it's rather useless in the real world. You're missing the point that it's about how "work" is defined. If you define it by allowing people to maximise their ordinal utility at each given moment in time, then they "work" by default. If you define it by some other criteria, then how much they work depends on how similar those criteria are to maximising momentary ordinal utility. >Envy was also always related to greed. They're related in that they're both pejorative terms for the act of wanting something, but their meanings differ. Envy means wanting something 'cos other people have it, greed means wanting something for some intrinsic property of the thing. E.g. if I want to get rich so I can afford a hundred hookers, coke and pizza a day, I want that for the intrinsic satisfaction those things bring, not because I care about having more hookers/coke/pizza than anyone else. I'd argue that social pressure to shun this feature of the psyche is ultimately more productive for human happiness. Some people are always going to be luckier/smarter/harder working/more ruthless than others and they'll end up with more in pretty much any social system, so people who accept this inevitability are gonna be a lot happier than people who aren't happy as long as anyone else has more than them. I didn't mean to imply it was binary. All other things being equal, a society where people are less envious is going to be happier than a society where people are more envious. >What you call "envy" has a very good (evolutionary) reason for its existence An evolutionary reason isn't _necessarily_ a good reason, unless the definition of good is "helping propagate one's genes". Evolution doesn't select for "living a happy/contented life". >but I also argue that ability to deny bad offers (or revolt or whatever are the various forms this takes) is a good trait for people to have This trait is only a subset of what's normally considered "envy". Not all of envy has an apparent use like that. E.g. if Joe feels bad because Neighbour Bob's house is 1030 square feet while Joe's house is only 1020 square feet, this doesn't really help anything, it just makes Joe unnecessarily miserable. Some things D has that Rust doesn't: compiler-checked function purity annotations, higher-kinded types, variadic functions/generics, types parameterised by numbers, compile-time function evaluation, mixins, a fast compiler (the reference DMD compiler), powerful and convenient compile-time reflection (I think technically Rust can do anything D can at compile time, but it requires writing a syntax extension to do so). For better or worse, D also has classical OO inheritance, which Rust lacks. The ship's probably sailed on this, but is there any chance of Rust getting a module system like OCaml's (or Haskell's upcoming Backpack) in future? Or is there a way to provide module signatures with the current module system? There's this: https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/traits-ml-modules/272 , but it didn't seem to get anywhere. Deaths under Pinochet: 3000, according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_dictatorship_of_Chile... . Deaths under Mao: 20,000,000 - 70,000,000, according to http://necrometrics.com/20c5m.htm#Mao . Deaths under Stalin: 20,000,000 - 50,000,000 according to http://necrometrics.com/20c5m.htm#Stalin . Deaths in 1990s Russia: I can't even find a source. So if 1990s Russia and Pinochet's Chile are examples of extreme free market experiments, I'd take the human misery they cause over the human misery of extreme no-market experiments any day. >So it'd be accompanied by a loss of minimum wage floor as well as it should be as low as possible (approx USD 1000/mo after initial trial phase in Finland.) To expand on this, removing the minimum wage is meant to make it easier for people to "get their foot in the door". The economic notion is that e.g. if X's labour is not worth more than $5 per hour, and the minimum wage is $10 per hour, then X will have great difficulty finding work (because the ultimate minimum wage isn't $10, it's $0). This means they'll have more trouble obtaining the work experience that would make them more productive. Removing the minimum wage means anyone can work who wants to, and the basic income protects them from the hardships that normally accompany low-wage jobs. >Society enabled you to earn that money. In return, it wants a cut. The "cut" society received is the benefit it gained that made it pay the person enough to make them wealthy. >Progressive taxation is also a recognition that most of anybody's income is enabled by living in a modern, safe, resourceful, co-operative and free society. Without a modern society and without the benefit of all that have come before us, we'd all be subsistence farmers. Are the citizens of Singapore, with it's 20% top tax bracket, subsistence farmers? Are all the people in the countries listed at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flat_tax#Countries_that_have_f... subsistence farmers? There may be moral arguments for progressive taxation but they aren't economic ones; non-progressive taxation is perfectly capable of funding a modern society. >It's true that most of those who receive the money taken from you in taxes will not have 'earned' it either. Most of those that built the society that you're benefiting from are dead -- the scientists that enabled modern technology, the industrialists who built the economy, the soldiers and politicians who gave us our free society -- the most important work was done by those who came before us. These who came before us chose to do whatever they did. Someone being born didn't choose to be born, so it's not fair to suggest they have some kind of obligation to the previous generation. A contract to which one party did not consent is not a valid contract. >And yes, virtually all the states on that list are significantly poorer and have drastically worse social services than Western Europe. There's a big gap between "significantly poorer" and subsistence farmers. As in, an order of magnitude of GDP in many cases from that list (e.g. Russia). >Contrary to propertarian mythology, both the institutions of property and government are imposed by a mixture of force and the likelihood of society being substantially worse off if they didn't exist. The difference is that government necessarily involves force, due to requiring involuntary taxation (an entity funded by voluntary donations isn't generally considered a government, it's considered a charity), while it's possible for a group of people to agree to trade together and respect some notion of property (be it the strong capitalist notion of property or the weak anarchist notion of "possessions") without requiring force. This is probably a stupid question, but could an approach like this be used for more efficient ray-tracing? Really great text editing support via Evil mode. The argument for forbidding "to be" seems a little like the argument for forbidding "is a" (inheritance) relationships in programming: that any "is a" can be expressed more precisely as a "has a" and/or "does _". I think it's interesting to take the argument even further, to argue for structural types (like interfaces in Go and Typescript, and objects in OCaml) over nominal types (like Java interfaces and Haskell typeclasses). The former just says "if Bar is an interface with method Blaz(int, int, bool), and Foo has a method Blaz(int, int, bool), then Foo is a Bar", while the latter require the programmer to explicitly specify that Foo is a (implements) bar. >Specifically if I were forced to use E' it would be very hard to argue certain philosophical positions. Objectivism vs. Subjectivism for example Some philosophers, e.g. early Wittgenstein, would argue that certain philosophical positions only exist by sleight of tongue, being based upon some form of incoherence that can only exist in imprecise language. From his Tractatus (note that he sort of changed his mind in his later work): "The correct method in philosophy would really be the following: to say nothing except what can be said, i.e. propositions of natural science--i.e. something that has nothing to do with philosophy -- and then, whenever someone else wanted to say something metaphysical, to demonstrate to him that he had failed to give a meaning to certain signs in his propositions. Although it would not be satisfying to the other person--he would not have the feeling that we were teaching him philosophy--this method would be the only strictly correct one. >Maybe the off-heap output buffer gives it that edge? Is this because it allows the GC to be avoided, or because it allows value types to be emulated? >When company does not cooperate you force it to do so by any means available to you. Some people don't consider this "might makes right" morally compelling. A man with no legs can even reach 8th place in the semifinals of the 400m race in the actual Olympics: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oscar_Pistorius#2012_Summer_Ol... . Slightly off topic, but as one of the only people in the world who's written a C++ compiler by themselves, how many manhours would you estimate it would take to update a C++03 compiler to fully support C++14? Or how many years; I think I remember reading you say somewhere that DMC++ took 10 years to code. Barely on topic, but since you're the person to ask, would the use of OpenJDK on Android mean that it'd support Pulsar/Quasar? It's not just you, I also saw that paragraph repeated. >But it misses the underlying point of wealth creation: if more people create more wealth, then naturally, there should be less poverty. There is tremendously less poverty in the world now than 50 or 100 years ago: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/10/05... . There's only more poverty if it's defined in a purely relative sense, but the relative definition of poverty is only relevant to ideological arguments and pandering to peoples' envy, not to describing peoples' actual material quality of living. >What part of "sit in this room for 8 hours a day until we cut the umbilical cord, then get a job and contribute to society so that you can afford to live and maybe retire one day. because otherwise you are human garbage." I think the expectation that "people should be good to me just because I was born" lies at the root of much distress. Reality can be harsh: if you don't have anything to offer them, most people don't care much about you. Maybe this is a terrible failing on the part of society, but from a pragmatic perspective it's much easier to change one's viewpoint than to change society. It can be surprisingly liberating to not expect anything from the world. >No one has the right to make you work. However, enough work must be done to allow you to exist. These two sentences are logically inconsistent; if enough work must be done to allow you to exist, then that means someone must be made to work. >Like, your ideas are logically consistent: If you don't feel mistreated then you don't feel mistreated. If you can just stop feeling mistreated then you will be liberated from feeling mistreated. It completely sidesteps the issue: People feel mistreated for a reason. Feeling mistreated isn't a feeling; feeling bad is a feeling. We feel bad when we perceive something we interpret as bad happening to us. If we didn't perceive that action as bad, as "mistreating", then we wouldn't feel bad about it. This is hardly a new idea; philosophical traditions like Buddhism and Stoicism are bad around the idea what what causes suffering is our perceptions of the world, and by changing how we perceive things (making fewer value judgements) we can increase our happiness with the world. >You call it reality, but it is not indifferent and impersonal like disease or a storm that sweeps one's home away: We are talking about people. People are intelligible to people. People are answerable people. People interacting with people changes the way people interact with people. It doesn't matter whether it's a natural disaster or people causing the issue: the point is that if it's not something that can easily be changed, getting emotional about changing it won't lead to a happy state of mind. >Why not apply this logic to everything? "Just because I was born, people shouldn't saw off my leg at the knee". The gall of such entitlement. If someone saws your leg off at the knee and there's nothing you can do about it, you'll have a less miserable time if you just accept it and move on than if you remain bitter about it. Personally I think life is like Backgammon: there are no absolute certainties, just probabilities, and due to this an expectiminimax-like approach with good heuristics is more effective than trying to peer far into the future. The first link doesn't provide separate numbers for comparing public and private mines, so doesn't really prove anything; mining could just be inherently dangerous. The second link doesn't mention any instances of private employers killing their employees.