The code is pretty damn ugly (but then, most emulator code is), and the project is pretty much dead, seeing that the latest commit is from 2010. Why is this on here again? Doesn't make it fake; iirc the article doesn't state the diamonds being of gemstone quality / purpose. There does happen to be at least one operating system that supports this: Windows. ^___^ Actually, nobody likes pushy sales staff, ever. Yes, my main grievance with git add -p as well; someone fix this. But Chrome - and any sensible browser, really - will scale down JS execution on pages not in the foreground; you can see this in for example Piecon ( http://lipka.github.com/piecon/ ), which will only update the favicon in your background tab bar at half the speed (if that). Well, that's one point where Javascript should - and will! - improve, modularization. At the moment there is no default dependency framework - you can't say 'my module X depends on modules Y and Z'. Well, not by default anyway; there's CommonJS's modules, AMD, and in Javascript Harmony another 'standardized' module framework. I personally use requireJS in a rather large Backbone project, and it works remarkably well. "Dude Backbone only works for trivial examples, and even then, and I mean, even with trivial examples, Backbone is almost useless." I disagree. Backbone is a structuring framework; if you can't make it work with bigger projects, you're doing it wrong. In fact, true silence will make you insane. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sensory_deprivation Can't find the article right now, but they once put people in a completely soundproof room; their minds started to make up sounds and increased their hearing sensitivity to the point where they could hear their own muscles move. I believe the longest one lasted 45 minutes. I would imagine that exposing yourself to noise (on high volume?) 18 hours a day would cause permanent hearing damage. Squid? Cthulhu. I kinda disagree; if your comments, observations etc don't JUMP OUT AT YOU READ THIS THIS IS IMPORTANT!1one, they're not important, apparently. This also goes for other people's code, really. There is often a difference between code and comments, which causes people to read the code instead of the comments. However, one cause is that comments don't draw the attention because they're often in a dimmed, 'this is not important' color scheme - the other is that there's too much comments that don't add value to the code. You could select it and get a good highlighted color. Nobody's stopping you from installing Git alongside Mercurial; even if you're not going to use it on a day to day basis, things like sublime text themes and whatnots are easily installed with a git clone. Depends. Apparently, 80%* of applicants can't do fizzbuzz right. *: random figure Which algorithms, what implementations thereof? > edit: The funniest result of being a quick typist is that I use copy+paste less than I did a few years ago. Often the context switch between typing and selecting is too much work and it's quicker to just type things twice. Same for me, ish; I often find myself just using backspace and retyping the last few words if I find a typo a few words back, as opposed to reaching for the mouse and redoing just that word, or using the keys to go back. Going four words back is usually a matter of alt + left-left-left, alt-backspace, re-type, but still I find myself just deleting the last couple words and retyping it. I learned to touch type with the home row thing, but I never find my fingers really going back to the home row, they just go to the next letter that needs to be typed. I guess with experience comes automatism, which in my case doesn't always involve going back to the home row after typing a letter. Or something. o rly? I, and probably the other 'fast' typists here, type a lot faster than they can talk - plus, almost nobody can 'speak' perfectly, so corrections - even if assuming the speech-to-text converter has a 100% accuracy rate - will be very frustrating. A better system would be a thought-to-sane-text conversion. But I doubt that'll ever be possible, :p. Well on the one hand it is brain activity - games and code excite the brain, and it can't simply click shut off and sleep. On the other hand, it's light - the light from your computer screen goes straight into your eyes and to your brain, that tells you "IT'S STILL DAY". The brain / eyes need darkness / dusk to start producing melatonin, the sleep molecule. So, turn off your screens, don't look at mobile phones, and if possible turn the TV off too, or at the very least dim them to the lowest brightness setting at least an hour before attempting to go to sleep, preferably two. Software like f.lux will help too; studies show that white/blue lights will wake you up, while red, warm colors will make you sleepier. f.lux will make the screen a nice warm, soft red after sundown, mimicking natural sundown (while making it brighter / 'colder' during the day, keeping you awake while you work). 6 = ????? 7 = PROFIT Self-service indicates that staff income is high; it's either self-service, or increase prices to the customers, which in turn lowers availability of the service and overall lowers income. etc. This post, as well as others, just again highlights the 'to each his own' truth; some people prefer silence, some prefer noise. As an employer, if they care about noise when it comes to a working environment, this must be a very hard thing to balance / get right. More hours does not equal higher productivity. Working for six hours on a single commit (as the poster indicates) means the commit is far, far too large. Unless he means 'feature', then it's okay. And yet, with clear indication that certain areas are quiet zones, people and organizations should be able to rely on the common decency of people. People will in 99% of cases respect any 'no smoking' signs without enforcement from a 'shusher', so why not the 'be quiet' signs? And the best keyboards are also the noisiest, :p. Wordpress is its own PHP framework; in fact, PHP itself is a framework, provides everything frameworks do from database querying to templating. They don't need to be in order to have weaknesses; just look at all the security problems coming from Adobe's PDF reader, which afaik can't execute code, but where the input (PDF documents), if cleverly crafted, can create buffer overflows allowing for arbitrary code execution. > (or something else with multiple cursors IDEA supports multiple cursors, actually, ;). As for IDE support, I find Sublime text extended with a few key plugins to be just as good as a proper IDE when it comes to (in my case) front-end development; JS checking with JSHint, syntax highlighting for html/js/less, quick HTML using ZenCoding, andsoforth. Same, although we use it in combination with Require, so we had an 'events' module: define(["Backbone", "underscore"], function(Backbone, _) { return _.extend({}, Backbone.Events); }); and a dependency on 'events' in all our modules: define(["Backbone", "events"), function(Backbone, Events) { // stuff Events.on("event", stuff); }); Funny, I only just finished refactoring our codebase (dozens of views, models, routers) using a 'custom' implementation of the listenTo mechanic, as well as a custom 'close' method for views that would deregister the events again: this.registeredModelEvents.push({ model: model, eventName: eventName, callback: callback, context: context }); model.on(eventName, callback, context); Here's to hoping we can update to 0.9.9 soon. Shouldn't be a problem. I for one don't or barely talk about what I do in my spare time at work anymore. In two instances, I was stared at in disbelief when I admitted I don't do much programming in my spare time (once to a colleague, once to a manager. The manager has been ill for six months due to overworking / stress and gave up his management position). They almost made me feel guilty for not continuing with my work after work hours - almost, because they're wrong. And second because I don't really train bears or do stand-up comedy, my personal life is pretty dull :p. I believe I mainly have things like flight simulators with inverted controls. But it kinda makes sense there too, since in a plane you pull back (= down) on the stick to go up. No, but the personal license is now actually cheaper than the academic license (at least for IDEA), so you're actually better off. Pretty sure the academic license is no longer valid as soon as you finish school. It seems they got HNned / slashdotted / reddited (?) pretty quickly. Here's to hoping they can get it back up soon - I postponed buying a license because I didn't have enough money on my paypal account last time. I'm inclined to believe (if they want to be nice to their customers) that they'll extend the offer if the site remains unavailable like it is right now for the next 24 hours. But for the slow sites highlighted, I don't understand why client-side performance and bandwidth usage apparently isn't a priority; I mean, their site, their front-end is their primary product, the thing they make money off of. A ten second load time is simply unacceptable; just look at the performance guys at Google, who have and are working hard to shave milliseconds off of page load time. I'm probably going to offend a few people here, but creating a website without or with minimal performance optimization is just plain sloppy and uncraftmanshiplike work. Get your act together, or get a different job. I love how that last picture shows two people, one glass. Reminds me of something a bit more contemporary. > I wonder what percentage of the population will have never owned a DVD player in the next generation. Probably the same amount of people that have never owned a record player or, for the younger people, a CD player. > If netflix owned their own hardware and could reach out and touch it, would this have happened? Yes, outages happen whether you have the hardware in your own hands or have it hosted by a cloud provider. Not to mention the hundreds of local accents, sub-languages and even manners of speech and expression. Of course, that's also applicable to the US on a somewhat larger scale. Heeeeeeey sexy ladeh :p Well, that kinda depends on whether Bitcoin is recognised by the US government (or whichever) as legal tender; if not, it's virtual money, and you can do whatever you want with it (like ISK in Eve Online, for example). Which is also the main problem with Bitcoins; you get the 'open source' money, but without the existing banking system and its securities, or the governments and their laws behind it. Your Bitcoin exchange gets hacked and you lose your coins? Your problem. You bet money in a dodgy bitcoin betting site and lose it? If the 'owning' government doesn't recognise it as legal tender, your problem. > There should be 1 or 2 names on it max. The founder and co-founder's? Couldn't resist, :+) > Be prepared, when reminiscing about the good times, to be reminded of some equally bad times. And the enormous quantity of time spent doing nothing memorable, good or bad. The actual 0.9.10 changelog is at http://backbonejs.org/#changelog Thanks for linking to that one, the redirect thing is very annoying (and time-consuming, relatively speaking, which for a speed-obsessed party like google isn't a good thing or very representative) I can't focus on my programming if it's noisy / there's people talking, but I don't feel right when it's dead silent either, :p. I like music while working. Also, having headphones on does not imply high volume / risk of hearing damage; using noise-cancelling (passive or active) headphones or earplugs, you can even lower the overall volume of noise you get daily; the din of a busy office room can be quite high in terms of decibels. And hearing damage is a factor of decibels * length of exposure. $('img').live('mouseover', function() {}); Same, but nicer, listens to mouseover events on img elements that may not exist yet. Then again, this will - if I understand correctly - cause the event to bubble up in the DOM until it reaches the root element, where jquery's live callback handler will check what element the event took place on and invoke that callback. Actually, that is a copy of DHTML lemmings from before the age of WebGL, Ajax, CSS sprites (alistapart only came up with an article about CSS sprites a year later), html5, or any of that fancy modern stuff kids these days play with. The original is at http://www.elizium.nu/scripts/lemmings/ . And background info / blogpost, written seven years later by the author: http://crisp.tweakblogs.net/blog/3881/dhtml-lemmings-primer.... Right hand is the one where your thumb is on the left (and vice-versa). Invert this if your hands are palm-side up. :p One could perhaps do something with opening two terminal windows that connect to the same ST session, but put the font size of one of them to tiny. Whipping it out when there's a major battle going on, becoming the star and centerpiece (or one of them) of it, :p. All's fair in love and Eve, :p. In a case like this, it seems the non-SA folk got fed up and ganged up on them. As it should be. No dominant force can remain dominant; if they piss off enough folk, either by being evil or just by owning all the things, said folk will band together and take them on. And that's one part I love about Eve (despite not playing it); the dynamic and self-organizing nature of the universe and its market. And in Eve, this is even more feasible because, unlike an FPS or even MMO's like WoW, movement is generally slow and controlled. You don't have direct control over your ship; instead, you can only issue commands like 'head for this waypoint', 'orbit this point of interest', etcetera. This would, I think, greatly simplify server communication of movement and such, compared to direct user input where they could change their orientation much more suddenly. And even that can be optimized away - after all, in Eve, you basically issue commands like 'lock onto this ship' and 'activate this cannon', which will then fire every X seconds - all each client has to know is the target, ship information, and a toggle command for a given weapon, the rest can then be determined completely on the client-side when it comes to the visuals. Every X ticks, data (like health) of the target ship can be sent through - although I reckon that too would be optimized away and only sent on-demand, i.e. when the user actually selects the ship under attack. Or a simple link check. $("#input[type='password']").val("secret"); The "qhimm team", from the qhimm website, are rather famous in the FFVII fanworld, it's probably the biggest modding community out there. The mods, mostly for the PC version of FFVII, have dragged the game over the various versions of Windows, improved the models, etcetera. In fact, if I'm not mistaken, one of the qhimm developers that made the game compatible for modern Windows versions and added graphical updates was hired by Square to work on FFVII's PC re-release a few months ago - at least, parts of the new code correspond to an existing mod. I love (sarcasm) how a supposedly technologically superior and enlightened species of non-earth intelligent beings would only be out to destroy or punish us, according to science fiction and a lot of people. I'm sure they can see from the pixels and from seeing quite a bit of shoops in their time ;) > I'd just use Rails as a default for most things I do these days, and if it's not a good fit, evaluate other technology. But ZOMG RAILS IS INSECURE, quick, switch to something else! [/sarcasm]. Evaluating other technology is the opening of the rabbithole. Negativity here, the pictures are horribly warped (possibly to capture more of the room in one shot) which gives a skewed perception of office sizes, and of course the people look staged. Could be actors, given the surreal-looking male/female distribution (or it's not a developer office). (not a sexist remark, just a comment on the poor male/female ratio in software development in general) > Cost for GitHub/Bitbucket vs. time to maintain another web application? Hmm... Both Github's and Bitbucket's prices max out at $200 a month; if you're a freelancer, that's worth about 2 - 4 hours of your time per month. That amount is easily spent on hosting/managing your own repositories. If you can avoid spending 2 - 4 hours a month on repositories, go for those. $200 is nothing if you're running a business. No? Else the link / project would be called "Learn CVS Branching" > Once you wrap your head around d3 Key point here. Highcharts' customers are companies and website builders that don't have, get, or take the time to wrap their heads around D3, they just need to chuck a graph or two on their site(s), then move on to the next thing. It's not idealistic, but it's the reality. I'm personally surprised there's not a lot more commercial JS libraries like Highcharts out there, seems to me there's a big market for those. >> How does caching the files indefinitely lead to better ad targeting? >It doesn't, of course. That's pure FUD; Chrome doesn't contribute to ad-serving in any form other browsers don't. Actually, I'd argue that caching files (indefinitely or otherwise) speeds up the internet for the user; higher speed = more pageviews = more ad impressions and potential ad clicks. Google's quest for internet speed is a win-win-win win for us since we get faster internet, win for them since they get more ad impressions / revenue, another win for them for gaining goodwill and a positive reputation. > My issue with chrome is that it eats up a lot more RAM than Firefox. When doing research, I often have 30-50 tabs open. With Chrome my system runs out of physical RAM and starts thrashing. With Firefox, the UI becomes unresponsive due to it's single threaded design. Alternatively, since you seem to be a power user, you could consider upgrading your hardware to 8 or 16 GB of memory; it's not that expensive nowadays, and given your power user status, more memory = faster computer experience = higher productivity. Or just more tabs. [old man mode] Back in the day we upgraded our computers instead of blaming software. > What does this teach kids? That there is no justice in the world except that which you take by violence? It teaches me, at least, that bullies get away with what they do because they don't get reprimanded enough. Physical pain is still the best thing to associate with negative or undesirable behavior. I see a distinct trend when it comes to bullying: 1. Kid gets bullied 2. Kid snaps, stands up for himself, beats up bully 3. Kid does not get bullied anymore I don't think physical violence is inherently wrong. Excess and systematic violence - as employed by a certain category of bullies - is, but some pain to associate bad behavior with is, I think, a critical part of upbringing and steering behavior. On systematic physical abuse, this is what happens when you get away with it. See also comment #2 ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5284818 ); it stopped the moment the bullied stood up for himself and showed the bully, via a serving of physical violence, that his behavior is unacceptable and not without consequence. Spoiled kids that misbehave at school often are exemplary students at school, simply because teachers are able to get them to realize their behavior is unacceptable. That 'toggle' should also be done to bullies though, and I for one can't understand why not more is done about it in schools besides the rather static and easily ignored 'awareness' lessons. And yet, being 'locked in', as you describe it, teaches a valuable life lesson: sometimes you have to deal with what you have, instead of run away or hide. As described above, sometimes you need to punch a factor that makes your situation undesireable and triggers your "flight" response to greatly increase your situation. As in, this is your life, deal with it. You can't run away, so fix your problems instead of running from them. Teachers turn their back on you, so it's up to you. etc etc etc. Learning that will help you in your life. Your job sucks: you can either run away and find something else, or you can kick it into high gear and make it worth your while, save the company, get rich. Depending on situation, of course. And yet, the net result is the same; right-click, clear table, or ./clearTable.sh. Both are human actions, and both are fallible. What if some prankster edited clearTable.sh to do the users table instead of the raids table? What if he did it himself to test something? > But we won't see it until some bigger gamedev is willing to risk a fair chunk of change on the browser as a gaming platform. They are, just as they're active on mobile platforms - EA, Epic and Square-Enix are notable examples. But they don't bother with AAA games (much as they like to pretend they are and attach them to those franchises), instead they target the casual player, that spends up to half an hour on a game per time, and/or that gets addicted to addicting games (w/ microtransactions). And the formula works for them; low development cost (5 - 10 dev team), high returns. Epic's Infinity Blade (and sequel) are the highest grossing games (in terms of development cost versus returns) of all time, at least, for Epic. > Case in point: I grew up in the rural midwest, but had computers. So computers are something I deal best with in situations with little to no people around. Hackathons are the opposite of that. Took me like, 2 attendances to realize that, and now I just avoid them. Hell, I even avoid career situations that put me in that environment, because I don't work well there. Sounds familiar. I think there's basically two types of developers (and people): extroverts and introverts. Hackathons, 'social' coding, pair programming and whatnots are for the extroverted category; external stimulation (in the form of other people, the ability to bounce ideas off of them) is what stimulates them, while introverts don't need that to become stimulated; they can, in fact, be overstimulated and end up trying to filter out the excess of impulses, which is draining to them, not to mention distracting. > How do I get my kids into that school? Paying $30K - $50K a year in tuition fees should do it. I was under the impression that pretty much all of the major US cities were 24/7 economies, with store times matching up. > E.g., here's a study showing that even very slow walking (1.77km/hr) prevents you from typing quickly on a cell phone Isn't that because you're looking at a screen and can't see where you're going? :p I would count that as a definite factor (not having read the study), but, I can imagine that even without the screen, people walk slower when typing, as concentrating on the words is distracting a faster walk. > Based on Ubuntu but going its own direction. Like how Ubuntu is/was based off Debian but going its own direction? ;) And that's exactly where they're going here; offer a long warranty and easy returns, while producing a product that's cheap enough (definitely in 5 - 10 years) that people won't actually bother with it. It's what happens with mainstream consumer electronics; 3 years warranty, sure, but would you return a $30 machine to the webshop you got it the cheapest to claim that three years later? Windows never stopped anyone from installing an alternative browser either, or from picking a different default browser; the latter point is more of a usability point really (selection screen for every action or pre-set browser setting). Microsoft got the fine and was required to put this thing up (as it did with WMP) because IE was installed by default (Opera cried it was unfair competition, as Real did for WMP; neither benefited significantly from their complaints iirc, while MS had to bleed for them) and, technically, because it was so integrated with the OS you couldn't uninstall it. I honestly don't get why Microsoft / Windows is still the only party that has to do this, or why Microsoft himself hasn't struck back by having the EU put the same requirements on OSX and Linux. Then again, IE isn't available for OSX/Linux, so Microsoft wouldn't have anything to gain (unlike Opera / Real, that could compete with IE / WMP). The incarceration rates (disregarding racial issues for now) aren't only to blame on the government, but iirc mainly on the privatization of the prison business; there was a huge spike in incarceration rates and length of prison terms when that came about in the 90's (I believe), good graph about that out there somewhere. > Maybe subliminal messaging then? Ask for a review after the user gets 5 stars in a level? :p To be honest, dismantling their military regime, opening their borders and requesting help would be more effective. > Afaik, gender equality was much better in the USSR than it is today in the US. I wouldn't call it gender equality, when it's apparently limited to a certain field (IT) and when comparing then with now. I'm not a historian or a cultural expert, but I do know two things: * The majority of software developers in the early days were women. Programming was seen as clergy work, administration, and the existing administrators (then mostly women) were simply transferred to work with computers. * There are percentually much more women working in the IT industry in eastern Europe than in western Europe or the US. I'm not sure if that percentage switched much over time. I don't even know how many men work in IT in eastern Europe; for all I know it's a women-dominated field (thus, no gender equality either, although I prefer a term indicating equal gender distribution, which is rare in pretty much every professional field) At the other discussion above, about strong, working women, this was very much true, both in reality and in propaganda posters, during WW2 in the western world / the US; since the men were off to fight the war, the women had to do the work, keep the US industry going, build weapons, etcetera. Then the men returned and took over those jobs again, or something. It's not more durable, it's easier to patch up. Simply said, this technique allows maintenance workers to heat the bitumen up uniformly, allowing it to flow and fix its own small cracks and brittleness, and avoiding larger damages over time. > Do you never find a page and think, "ah, this will be useful for project X later"? I do. Then I delete them again three years later when I bother to check my old bookmarks. What I'm missing is information about what OS(es) this one will run at. I really like good (or amusing) screensavers, even if they've grown out of fashion in favor of energy savings on laptops and the like. I still troll people with the BSOD screensaver in Ubuntu (although you have to manually install / setup xscreensaver nowadays, again due to energy efficiency) And I think that is a valuable lesson too. As a developer, the end-goal is to produce something of value, working software, not spend hours frowning over pointers and references. That was my early experience with C/C++, in any case. I did end up finishing my assignments (ranging from a fractal generator via a microcontroller operating an RC boat to a simple 3D FPS game), but I did feel a lot of overhead with non-functional things. Of course, you get the same thing in Java when you first encounter a NullPointerException, ;) JFDIN? :+) > Still open to explanations of why ninjas have an enhanced coding ability though. Do they? Seeing that you can't actually see ninjas, how can you see they have an enhanced coding ability? ;) It's still a copyright violation; the DMCA, as mentioned above, is (iirc) more related to sharing of copyrighted materials on websites that host user-generated content (such as copyrighted videos on youtube or copyrighted visuals or code on github). The DMCA doesn't apply or need to be mentioned here, as the pre-DMCA copyright laws already cover this. The less offensive form of this kind of hotlinking prevention is to provide a small-sized image with the URL of the website it was taken from, or a hotlinking notification, not pr0n unless you want to offend unsuspecting visitors. The person that hotlinks an image for usage as a forum avatar won't even realize it most of the times because his browser cache kicks in. > I keep wondering: Does anyone actually use these social buttons? The suppliers of said social buttons do; every time you see one while you're logged into FB / G+ / Twitter, a hit of you visiting that site is registered at said parties, and they can all, thanks to the prevalence of these sharing buttons, track your internet usage. > Also, we make Backbone, $ and _ globals so we don't have to inject them in every single module. We don't; we explicitly define every dependency, always, so that it does not make any assumptions about the environment it runs in (a webpage with jquery / underscore included via script tags, for example). Second, our end-product is a single .js with Backbone and some other dependencies all combined into it. (we're not allowed to use a CDN) But things like pathfinding and game mechanics are / should be amongst the first things they make for a game like this, even before deciding and developing a visual style / graphics and sound and the like. So rushing on developing / polishing pathfinding doesn't make sense to me. > The greater problem is how the employer manages to get a hold of larger amounts of BTC needed. If I were the employer, I'd be wringing my hands; for all I know they could've gotten a small fortune in BTC when they were still cheap to generate / purchase, and since then the value of BTC has sixtupled (or more). So, pay their employees without having to spend real money. I'm probably not understanding BTC though. > Self motivation is an art. I personally think that, if you're lacking in motivation to do something but you realize it's something that needs to be done, you're lacking in self-discipline. Instead of waiting or hoping for motivation, you need to be disciplined and /do it/. Start with sleeping discipline: go to bed at 11 sharp, get up at 7 sharp, and stick with it. Excercise disipline: force yourself to go for a run every night, whether you feel up to it or not. That kinda thing. With procrastination, the general advice is to force yourself to sit down and do something that needs to be done for five minutes. Surely you can do five minutes, right? Then reward with an instant-gratification thing. The general advice is to do 30 minutes, but I'd go down to just one minute or something if it's really bad. Ask for help / monitoring, too. My brother had serious procrastination / concentration issues when he had to finish one of his last assignments. I was asked to help him out; I just asked him where he was, what needed to be doing, and er. Well, I just sat and read something while he worked. So, self-discipline, and a friend to help you keep focused on the task at hand. Ask him to shock you if you reach out for distraction or something. I'm going to be critical and say that I don't like the format of this reference; each entry in the table of contents links to a source file in github (opening in a new window/tab) instead of being, for example, a collapsed code box in the same tab. Second, they're not .js files, but .html files with (in my opinion) obsolete / unnecessary html boilerplate surrounding it. If it's simply a page to demonstrate / display JS patterns, they should be plain .js files, I think; from what I've seen, those should run equally well in a browser and node.js. I'm also not a fan of tab-based indentation, the examples could be a lot more compact (and readable) horizontally if using two-space indentation instead of tabs. > "surfaces that can be easily cleaned." Not very unlike a car repair shop, really. Except, car repair shops (at least the ones I know) are rarely clean, ;) > They are sleeping better w/o medication, they are not having anxiety attacks anymore, I could go on and on with her stories. I would definitely attribute sleeping and anxiety problems as mental issues; medication will try to mess with the body's (brain)chemistry to fix it, but, whilst not into alternative medicine, I do think non-chemical treatments - psychology, relaxation therapy, physical therapy - can help with that category of ailments. > What choice to you have besides getting somebody else to do the triage? I was going to say; if Jeremy has trouble wading through hundreds of issues, he should level up as an OS developer and start asking for help, him becoming the project leader, the underlings distributing the workload of going through issues, escalating the actually important ones to the boss. This isn't exclusive to OS development either, it's what happens and should happen in real life with management and whatnot. Of course, overdoing it causes five levels of management between Joe Developer and The Boss in the corporate world. tl;dr: delegate When I first worked with Backbone.js almost a year and a half ago, honestly, me and my team hardly had any clue what we were doing; the documentation was probably just as good as it is today, but it just didn't click with us, it seems. We did finish our application at the time (a six-screen monitoring application, think a lot of tables and some graphs), but it didn't feel "nice". A year ago we started our second project, and it made a lot more sense. It's a pretty big project, we've got ~10.000 LOC of Javascript, most of which is Backbone views/models/routers, some Handlebars helpers. The project has, based on our filenaming conventions, 18 routers, 68 views, and probably around 75+ models. Using Require.js we keep the codebase clean and organized, and using some custom functions (a close function, most importantly) we stop it from being a memory hog. I like Backbone. The major competitor is Angular, but it's more high-level; Backbone itself is just a thin layer on top of vanilla JS, jquery and underscore, really, but that's what gives it its power. Looking forward to upgrading to 1.0. The change in reset behavior will cost us some work, but it sounds like it's doable. You know, gender aside, this is what more companies should do; there's an enormous demand for skilled engineers out there, yet very few companies that acknowledge there just may not be any more in the market and they need to create said skilled employees themselves. The problem for employers is that trainees and interns are a risk; you need to screen them beforehand, and then you take a gamble about whether they'll get up to the required skill level in six months or a year to be up to par to the rest of the company's team. I heard about a major consultancy company's success in attracting interns as potential future engineers (Ordina iirc), they said the success rate was about 1 in 20. Which, for smaller companies ( The article itself states they hired eight people from Hacker School, which is daring and commendable. I'm curious as to how those people will develop themselves in the coming year. Still, optimizing the initial load is a good idea for applications like this. As an alternative, you could create an API service that returns all relevant information for the first page view in one block, instead of half a dozen smaller AJAX requests. Sounds familiar to Java's own string concatenation. In Java you use StringBuilder / Buffer to create larger strings from smaller ones; in Node you'd use Buffers, although I never dived too deep into those. I want to like tmux, I really do, but my main gripes are scrolling in panes with the scroll wheel and selecting / copy/pasting text. iTerm (osx) or Terminator (linux) handle that much better, although I admit they can't really be compared technology-wise. Alternatively, I never figured out how to select / copy text just as fast in tmux / vim / etc as with the mouse. Title is attractive, but the article itself isn't saying much, unfortunately. CCP's own developer blog is a more interesting read. Also not sure what TIBCO is trying to get out of this. Also, writing a blog about you going to write a blog isn't a good idea. > They still don't have roads full of electric cars. yet. Government subsidizes 100% electrical cars heavily in the form of low / no road taxes or lease tax, and with a high amount of But the rise is so big that i dont understand what buyers are thinking. "Hey, internet money / commodities on the rise, buy now, sell for profit, I'm in!" times tens or hundreds of thousands. Actually, the issue is not "no choice in rendering engine", the issue (with IE6) was "a shitty rendering engine" - I for one don't care if Safari / Webkit remains the only rendering engine on iOS for eternity, as long as webpages work and look well. Because that's all that matters to me, as a consumer. Simply not showing the transaction if you're not logged in and not the user belonging to the transaction? And are there any considerations nowadays to not just run the whole site under HTTPS? And yet, as far as I know, it never really broke through; I think that if Apple had come with NFC for the iPhone 5, it would've. A lot of app builders and companies aren't doing anything with NFC yet because the iPhone doesn't have it, disregarding the 70% market share Android has nowadays (although only a small percentage of those have NFC). Those that cashed in, though, are in the money. Even if they bought a few days ago, they still made a 33% markup. And the real winner is the exchange, who takes a certain percentage for each transaction. If they felt they were in the wrong, and if they provided the appropriate security measures. Does Mt. Gox even have two-factor authentication or transaction signing or anything like that? Is there a particular color Africans or Asians prefer to associate themselves with moreso than the colors chosen there? Just curious. I don't see how associating a certain continent with a certain color would be racist. > There's a water bottle in the backpack which leads me to believe that person is a runner? Doesn't every stereotypical American have a giant bottle of water in hand / on his/her lips every two minutes? > If you planted a bomb why would you stand in the crowd? Makes sense for suicide bombers. Like how the previous iterations were exciting for the validity of Java for video games? Wasn't very successful in that respect. Reminds me of that famous anecdote where NASA invested a million in developing a pen that could write in zero G, while the Russians used a pencil. I don't actually think that's difficult, there's 'commercial' botnets for hire for an X amount of time for this kind of coordinate attack. True, but technologies like this usually make their way into pre-rendering first, i.e. pre-rendered cutscenes in games, CGI scenes in movies, or fullly animated movies. Although the latter category hasn't seen much in the way of realism, mostly due to uncanny valleyness. Trivial maybe if you're a power user that knows Linux and Gnome's desktop shortcuts by heart and isn't afraid of hacking, but definitely not for the regular user Ubuntu was intended for a long time ago. Partly in some people, but imho, ask a handful of people with obesity about their eating and exercise habits (and their psychological state etc) and do the maths. Depends on whether you want to attract women that are into large biceps or those that think men with large biceps are posers spend too much time at the gym. I wonder if he's so excited about the device because it's awesome in itself, or because of all the attention and interest he gets showered with wearing it and using it to publish things online. It's a novelty; I'm sure the first people with mobile phones and later on smartphones experienced something similar, before they became a common sight. Even now, people with the newest, shiniest new phone will get some measure of attention, a confirmation for their expense. Then those three should've worked on their own feature branch. In fact, one could consider a local copy of master (or, commits made on master on one user's machine) as a feature branch, all named 'master'. Another thing, a developer doesn't need to obsessively pull every couple of minutes. If they're fixing a bug and deciding against using a branch for that (seeing that it could be just one commit), they only pull twice; once before they start working, and again when they're done and want to push to master. If there's more than one person fixing the same bug simultaneously, then it's yet another process bug. For correctness' sake, they didn't make $3000, they made 30 BTC, which could be sold on the market for approximately $3000 at the current rates, minus transaction fees and plus or minus market fluctuations. Sup dawg, I heard you like monitoring dashboards, so I added a monitoring dashboard to your monitoring dashboards so you can monitor dashboards while you monitor dashboards! I have some of that too, but tbh I don't think it's depression, psychopathy or sociopathy as the other commenters mentioned, but just a personality trait. Alternatively, it's a defense mechanism; not caring about others means your mind isn't burdened with their well-being and issues, which lightens the load. The social interactions being a game is a sign of you being an introvert; extroverts and society at large make it look natural and something you're simply supposed to know, but this isn't true for everyone. I found the social aspect becomes better and easier and more natural - or, my personality slowly shifting towards the extrovert end of the scale - as the years and experiences pass by. The outlook on life (or death, for that matter) is a nice, down-to-earth statement, releasing you from the burden of living in fear about the afterlife, and allowing you to live as you choose to, not according to a set of rules and habits as imposed by a religion or lifestyle. Finally, describing yourself as having selfish asshole syndrome shows that you're well-aware of yourself, your behavior etc, and that if you choose so, you can work on self-improvement and changing yourself. That is, if you see any reason to. Being fine with who you are is fine, as long as you're happy / content with it. tl;dr Would definitely not be the first person to confuse the Danish and the Dutch, :p I can imagine the logo problem / Microsoft's Seal of Approval also comes with a discount for OEM licenses. Not even a humorous remark to possible reverse engineers, such as // fucking memory leak, cba to fix? Or they download the whole video to pull it through an analyzer to look for stuff prohibited to be republished via FB, such as child pornography. If I were FB, I'd screen everything published via my site. And the tweets aren't even that good. Definite attempted (and failed) humor there. Everyone's a comedian. Not sure. It goes both ways. On the one side, nerds at tech conferences generally fall into the 'higher educated' category, who iirc are statistically less inclined to go into crime (and if they do, it's the type that pays off in millions instead of, say, burglar the local gas station). However. I'm inclined to believe there's a bastard in everyone. I'm also inclined to believe the amount of single, frustrated men in IT is generally higher than other areas, where frustration can turn into anger, lashing out, and misogyny. There's also 'dude culture', where people in different demographics (gender, in this case) are made fun of / stereotyped / objectified. tl;dr, it's complicated and I'm just thinking out loud here. Define "average" The thing with the people standing in a group staring blankly into space is a vision of the future; the reality nowadays is that they're holding something and looking down at it, doing roughly the same thing, but at least you can see clearly they're doing something. Haven't seen Glass in this country yet, but I can imagine it's something as disturbing as people talking on hands-free sets to phantom people. My dad picked me up and chucked me behind his first computer when I was 3 (24 years ago) to play Paratrooper with a joystick. Supposedly it didn't take too long before I could start the thing up, switch floppy disks, a: and start up the game(s). Not too long later my parents put me behind the PC whenever there was a new game so I could figure it out. It depends. If it's a work party, I'd see to arranging some budget for drinks and order some for that party separately from the regular stock. If it's a private party, I'd look into purchasing cheap soda via the job's supplier, they're usually cheaper than grocery stores. I've been cycling almost daily for all of my life and only once had an accident where I hit my head, back when I was 6. Disclaimer: I live in the Netherlands, bikes are everywhere. The main difference is that here, you have experienced cyclists (you learn to walk, then you learn to ride a bicycle), dedicated bicycle lanes, and car drivers that know there's cyclists around and look out for them. As for helmets or not, it's very much a factor of speed, risk of accidents, and the nature of the accident. Hit your head at a high enough speed (iirc, anywhere above 30 KM/h) and you'll get a concussion, even with a helmet. Maybe no cranial fracture, but still. Helmet won't protect you from breaking your neck or getting run over by a semi either. tl;dr, I don't wear a helmet, I don't need to, and I live in a country where cyclists are common. You do see people wearing helmets, but they're usually children in busy cities or speed cyclists. Sometimes both. Don't worry, bike lanes in the Netherlands can be scary too, ;). Especially if you're a tourist and compete with natives that will go faster. Perhaps even moreso on a wintry day when it's slippery. I actually wonder if Google, Amazon etc have enough idling servers to suddenly handle rendering a 90 minute movie (at approx. 11.5 hours / frame, if not more with these new lighting technologies). Well, unless they changed the sources (models, lighting etc), probably not, however, re-rending would allow for higher resolution (1080P or cinema resolutions) and higher frame rates (not sure what blu-ray does in terms of frames), as well as tiny adjustments for display on modern cinema screens and TV's. > Most bullies I know have only gone downwards in their lives, even the rich ones have only gone down with time. ^ this. I was bullied by some kid, took me years later (and processing an experience at his house) to realize he was probably beat up by his mom. Short straw went to him, imho. And yet, I'd argue that placing people at different stages of development - smart kids & dumb kids, apprentice and senior developers, etc - is a good thing. Putting kids that show increased intellect will give them a skewed perception of reality, i.e. that the average person is smart, instead of realizing diversity in people and dealing with it. Primary lesson there: You are not special. Our web application / REST API actually uses two systems; for employees, it uses HTTP basic authentication, which is validated to LDAP via Spring Security. For customers, there's a security proxy in between the front-end and our API (IBM's WebSeal), so authentication's handled completely outside of our REST API. Just a couple ideas. Actually, that technology (camera detectors) are used today in cinemas, especially during premieres and early screenings. > Neither would I. It wouldn't be true ownership. Yet that's exactly what's happening here. The OP bought a Mac, but he can't perform certain activities, because the company that built it disapproves, and they control his machine. You buy the machine, yes, but iirc, you enter a license agreement for the OS; as in, you do not buy the OS, but you buy a license to use it. There's a technical difference there. Second, as the owner of the machine, you are allowed to install a non-Mac OS on there that does allow you to take screenshots of movies, or install non-Mac-supplied video software that does not have this protection installed. cjbprime's explanation ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5792745 ) could apply to that one as well; did the iPod Touch 2G have a dedicated GPU chip yet, or was video rendering done on the CPU? I was going to comment on elevated crossings and walking up stairs, but then I saw the picture and remembered there are no regular stairs in the US, :+). Reminds me of a picture of a (rather short, ten foot) escalator going up to a gym. We had a presentation by a pair of UI design consultants, both blind, showing us how they used a computer. Their use of phrases related to seeing (that we take for granted) managed to catch the attention a lot more - and they cracked puns at it all the time. There have been numerous cases where heavy rocks and the like were tossed from pedestrian-accessible overpasses over highways. Not pleasant. Neither are underpasses, for some reason, unless well-lit and regularly maintained, they attract undesirables, vandalism, and trash. These can be mitigated by clever design though: clean, immaculate look, enough (pale/white) lighting, enough vertical space, plenty of traffic, and visibility. You know, that is a similar argument used by people to justify piracy; "I don't know if it's good, so why should I pay for it?" And still they pirate it, watch or play it for free, and are entertained for X period of time. Or not, but even so, their time has been spent, and their money hasn't. Even so, $2 isn't a huge loss if what you bought turns out to not have been worth it. And if you worry about the 40 minutes lost, then you need to learn to relax. Time wastage is not a bad thing per se. > What I don't get is why people drink Starbucks coffee. * Trusted brand (like McD's) * Atmosphere * Free wifi * Status * Crack or some other addictive substance added to the beverages > Are we even allowed to own those in the States? You, as far as I gathered, and probably depending on state etc, have a constitutional right to arm yourself to the teeth; somehow, gas masks seem a bit trivial compared to rifles. I can see how long-term use of something like that would cause problems. Yet, at the same time, it looks very relaxing and I wouldn't mind using something like that (or the OP) for X hours a day. Did the Austrians realize she was a slave? Did she realize it herself, for that matter? Everyone has stereotypes when it comes to slavery, and it's actually pretty hard to detect it, especially when the victim has been institutionalized as I can imagine this woman was. Not aware, or simply indifferent? After being educated in what really goes on in NK, he still chooses to return, and besides talking to the police and providing valuable intel on the NK government's insides, he didn't - at least not in this article - do anything to improve the situation. Or at least, not directly. He introduced Jong-Un to basketball and both him and his father to a lot of western culture, influencing to the point to where Jong-Il's burial is modeled after a movie they once watched. > you shouldn't care if someone is a dick, what you should care is if he's right. And yet, when someone offends you or attacks you, people are unlikely to take them seriously. With right-extremist nutters like Wilders, economical decline, and the singling-out of a certain demographic (muslims), which happens internationally, it's more likely than you think. Yellow stars embroidened on coats have been replaced with profiles in large databases containing a billion times more profiling data though, instead of a simple yellow-starred label. > You could probably also use those desks to reload the OV-Chipkaart with cash, but I've never tried that. You should be able to, especially the older generation has trouble with modern payment systems and (perhaps rightfully so) mistrust paying stuff by card. Second, they get in the news once, minor uproar (particularly on the internet), then... nothing. Maybe in cases like the The Pirate Bay blockade, which gets through to certain news sites from time to time whenever they get a new domain name or host, where they remind the audience that for that single web page, ISP's have been made to censor it by court order (and need to update their blocked domain names / IP addresses) > We have such a massive program, according to many; the NTSB is a big bureaucracy and a lot of people consider the whole concept of speed limits and traffic police as a encroachment upon their freedom rather than a reasonable collective decision on how to share transit arteries. A similar view is held here (in the Netherlands), where interesting new methods are created to monitor speeding. The thing is, it's not viewed - or even promoted as - something that increases safety and reduces lethal accidents on the roads, but instead as a way for the government to make money. Similarly, the way this is portrayed and kept secret by the government and the security agencies is not to reduce and prevent terrorist attacks, but to infringe upon the privacy of people using US-based online services. If the NSA and similar organizations were to be more open about what terrorist attacks they prevented, they would create more goodwill and would gain support from the people. Yet, branding terrorists and openly causing fear of terrorists and their attacks has two side-effects; one, it will make terrorists smarter and more secretive, and two, it happens in all the Orwellian dystopias, instilling fear of 'terrorists' and foreign nations in the populace as a means of control. CEO's and public figures? Definitely, if the NSA and similar agencies had the power to label them as traitors and / or terrorists (with all due consequences) and/or destroy their companies. > I mean Apple only got added in 2011. If what you're saying is true then what does this date refer to? Growing popularity and usage of icloud and apple's own messaging system? iirc, before icloud, Apple didn't have that much user data. > this assumes that you're okay with starting with an array of characters and ending up with a rope. Well, in any OO language, I guess both a string and a rope would still be considered a String object, whether it's a character array or a tree-like structure backing it wouldn't really matter to the public interface. Unreliable maybe, but they definitely embellish stores and the wording of stories and headlines to draw in more readers. You're implying here that the NSA or the US government is somehow bound by laws. I haven't seen any repercussions for the US's inhuman prison camp in Guantanamo Bay, the civilians murdered by the thousands (in total) in Iraq and Afghanistan, or the secret CIA prison facilities where fuck knows what happens. > Maybe it's just a bit more expensive / harder to integrate And probably patent-protected by Dell and needing licensing cost, instead of coming up with something they could patent themselves. Going off on a tangent, perhaps the Netherlands doesn't have serious terrorism or organized crime /because/ of these measures, quelling them before they even go public? Weren't both Vietnam and Korea wars the US was simply involved in, instead of them declaring war against someone / a nation / a government? Similarly, Iraq and Afghanistan, iirc the US merely cooperated with the UN to er. Do something with those countries. I don't want to judge your dad, but does he actually read links before clicking them? I for one don't think an employee should get the blame or punishment for a production error like this; after all, he was taught by someone, was instructed by someone, was overseen by a foreman / manager, and his work was checked (possibly numerous times) by QC and seen by other employees. More analogy, what if it was one of those storage space services and one customer rented half the storage units to store other people's stuff, then got arrested and no longer paid for the storage units. And the storage units were gold-plated and cooled and cost a fixed amount a minute they're used. I have the same thing on the one side (looking at previous code), but at the same time, I realize I was younger, less experienced, learning, experimenting, etcetera. And at the same time I'm occasionally surprised by how my code actually looked neater than I thought it was, or how I still write some code the same way (i.e. haven't found a better way). And occasionally I read stuff and go "Hey, that was actually pretty clever of me, didn't know I knew that back then". > The OP is focused on the psychological aspect, but I'm also fascinated by how much physiology plays a part in this. If it's true that your body is mostly composed of cells just a decade old, then your body is substantively different than it was the previous decade. And yet, your mental state and memories, at least as you perceive it, seem to be continuous. Not to mention how your appearance changes (for good or for bad), due to conscious effort, unconscious negligence, or external or unexpected influences, which can influence your personality and outlook on life significantly (for good or for bad). One thing to note though is that forEach and reduce can both be /theoretically/ faster; for and while loops both imply an order in processing the list, whilst forEach and definitely reduce don't; in theory, the JS interpreter can take the array, split it up into chunks (one for each core / thread), and process the list in parallel, which would / could produce results faster. But, atm, functional operations on lists are still executed single-threaded. Wouldn't mind seeing a WebWorker implementation, for example. Although somehow I think the overhead for a relatively simple calculation like this would negate the results. Investment baking web software; at the moment, every two weeks - code freeze + packaging is done on tuesdays, packaged release is about a week later (after being deployed to acceptance and getting stamps of approval from management that click through the app once or twice or something). I think we can do much faster though, weekly at least, and continuous if we improve our processes and discipline. And yet, isn't having the strongest species the goal of an evolutionary algorithm? Having multiple players do multiple runs (parallelization) and ending up with the same / a similar species sounds like a goal to me. Perhaps you'd like to see more varied species get comparable end-results, but I think you'll need a more varied obstacle course / 'goals' in that case. Which is only a guideline that can safely be ignored by whoever wants to track user behavior. hodor? > How hard can it be to re-render an already-created CG scene with a few more pixels? Quite tricky, seeing that Square-Enix no longer has the original source files to re-render these. A proper re-release would require artists to remake the environments from scratch (based on concept art or the original game). There is one of those, or in fact, multiple. Fan-made, yes, but MMO's nevertheless. One could arguably state that all of the pokemon games are MMORPG's already, seeing that you can connect to other players and exchange creatures, combat, etc. But is it really what you want? What you want is to relive that experience; a full-on PS4-style graphics remake will change the whole experience. It'll be a game with the same characters, environments, story and basic gameplay, but the feel of it will be completely different. I run a FFVII-based fansite (thelifestream.net, [/plug]), and the general consensus of the community there is that while a full FFVII remake would be nice, it would generally be criticized by the original fanbase, no matter how awesome they make it, simply because it's not the same game anymore. For an example of the only full-on remake Square ever did of one of their older titles, you could look at FFIII on the DS, remaking a 2d, sprite-based game into a 3D one. Of course, FFIII doesn't have nearly the fanbase of VII so there were less tears on the internet over it. Simple: because people are willing to pay for it. People pay fortunes for vintage toys because their parents got rid of them two+ decades ago and they want to relive their youth and have expendable income. Similarly, people want to relive their youth from 15-20 years ago with video games, and are willing to re-buy a version of the game that runs on modern-day systems. Re-releases of old / 'vintage' video games are quite popular on Steam, allowing the owners of the rights of said games to sell them again with relatively small investments. This also happens on modern consoles (PSN on the PS3, etc), which no longer have backwards compatibility, so that the game manufacturers port the game to modern systems (at minimal investment) and sell them again. Optionally rendering the game at a higher resolution and calling it a HD re-release. They stop fighting because some counter overflows, and there's no guard for it causing the application to crash. I'm sure there's smart people - or even Carmack himself - that can find the relevant code (actually, is the bot code open source or just the Quake 3 engine)? In what I perceive as "hacker culture", wearing neat and properly-fitted clothes is anything but "conforming". It does happen in European countries. A few years ago, there was a big pedophilia case involving a male day care worker who had made over 80 victims over the year. Ever since then, male day care workers get confronted with suspicion and distrust from parents - especially homosexual male day care workers - and have major trouble getting a job. A lot quit the job. Men working with children are being increasingly distrusted every time a new case like that pops up. It's blatant sexism, but understandable to a degree. Wait, people keep their phones in their pocket instead of their hand all the time? mind = blown > I note that checked bags cannot block passengers from escaping an aircraft. Perhaps not, but people standing in the aisle reaching to get them, dropped bags people trip over and block the aisle, etc do. SUV? Over here (Netherlands) they send them in tiny cars ( http://www.mijnalbum.nl/GroteFoto-SMYHWONA.jpg for example, but I've seen even smaller, two-person city cars with a flashlight bolted on). If it's just to carry a person with some essential first responder tools (fire extinguisher, medkit, axe / tools), you don't need anything big. Of course, in the US, distances are much larger than over here. And yet I can imagine this is something that could be optimized; why not cross-train the three emergency respondent department members into jack-of-all-trades that can deal with 80% of cases? Or put members of the three departments into a single vehicle equipped to deal with most cases? They could travel swifly to the site and deal with most cases, and call in back-up (like a fully equipped ambulance, fire-truck, or paramilitary SWAT-team in an armored hum-vee) if the situation needs it. I'm not an expert, but that would reduce overhead and cross-department communication needs. Of course, the risk is that if the one vehicle has an accident in itself, there's no others that can fall in right then. Link? Or is this your way of expressing you believe criminal tendencies are a genetic trait? Indeed; the view I have of unions in Europe are worker organizations that protect and enforce the rights of employees, things like minimum wage, working conditions, fair treatment, and retaining of jobs; afaik, they don't do much to create jobs, let alone in an immoral way by paying lots of money to governments and organizations to, for example, increase the incarceration rate and duration. I installed Ghostery but did not set up any filters; with just that, it shows how much external resources / from which external parties things are loaded. Some sites have like twenty external dependencies, and multiple analytics gathering scripts (which may get embedded via the iframes of advertisers). Does Dart support Chrome version 2 [0] or Firefox 3.0.8[1]? Since IE8 stems from that age, March 2009[2] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Chrome#Release_history [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefox_release_history [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer_8 It's not reasonable to support an outdated browser version with an inferior Javascript engine, or to single out Internet Explorer as a browser for which older versions should still be supported, imho. (disclaimer: I'm building a webapp that has to work in IE 8) > Some of the people peddling homeopathy really do believe it works, and that's just as clearly nonsense. And yet, if believing in homeopathy cures the ailments that homeopathy claims to cure, doesn't that in itself mean homeopathy works? Perhaps not in the way it's advertised, but still. I dunno, tbh I think some people are putting too much emphasis on her gender here (OMG A GURL!!one). A gender-neutral phrase would be "I won't be nice anymore", but tbh I don't think she was particularly fussed about her gender or bringing a gender issue into this discussion. Would you prefer squashed splatters of blood and bits of bug on the walls instead? :p iirc, one of the original ideas for OLPC was a "Buy two, get one" deal; you bought one for $100, which was, especially at the time, still considered cheap for a laptop, but it was enough to actually buy two devices, one which would be handed out for free to schools in poorer countries. At which point a new technology will emerge that circumvents or masks the ban. User-agents can be abolished once all browsers are created equal; same HTML standards support, same performance. Pretty sure it only works in Chrome because it has good support for the latest HTML technologies, good performance, and good developer tools. yeah, going back to that now. HTML5 fanciness has replaced animated .gifs, too. And modal dialogs have replaced popups. [rant]seriously, why do a third of the sites linked to HN open up with a meaningless modal dialog / popup asking me to join a mailing list or fill in a survey. I'd fill in a survey if you'd actually let me visit your site to see what the survey questions are about![/rant] And yet, I can't see this being developed into something regular; I mean, artfully done as this is, eventually they're going to want to make money. What annual Windows reinstall? As far as I'm concerned, that's a thing from a decade ago. I haven't done a Windows reinstall (or even had a virus scanner) in years without any hitches. Well, with security forces, of course. I'm also pretty sure that, outside of required stops for customs offices, these trains will just keep on going. And third, that crime and hijacking isn't actually as big a risk or common happening as people may think. The only legal security researcher is the one hired by a company to identify issues during a security audit. Which makes me wonder, why is Wales' tweet linked here as the news, whilst it's the original article that should be linked and upvoted? So why does the title indicate it's a $60M scheme when the value of it is in bitcoins? Unless, of course, bitcoins themselves have no intrinsic value of their own, and are only worth something when converted to USD. Which they are, outside of a few small-scale incentives. Usually, library scripts are versioned in their filename, so won't be updated after release. > How do you ever make a credit card transaction online without giving up your name and address? And this is one of the many things wrong with credit card transactions. A seller shouldn't need my address; it needs my money. In the Netherlands we have a system called iDEAL, where, when you want to pay for a product online, you get redirected to a page of your bank and confirm the transaction. All the seller gets is a confirmation you paid (and of course a wad of cash in his account) - no private information shared. Unless you're having a product delivered. But even those can be delivered to a pickup station nearby nowadays. > I really, really don't understand where this comment is coming from. Fear, really. Whenever a demographic is mentioned, comments quickly go on about the demographic (or about how it's not relevant). See also: topics about women. Your comment implies that even Google, which has a reputation of hiring only the best of the best software developers, has "typical" programmers. My faith in the world has just been restored, Over here in the Netherlands - and I think it originated in the UK - we have JustEat ( http://www.just-eat.co.uk/ ), a company that connects local food restaurants behind a single web interface. If I'm correct, the restaurants still do their own deliveries; they just get orders in from another single source. It also seems that JustEat sponsors the restaurants with things like insulating delivery bags, scooters, etcetera. I for one don't see how this startup offers anything better than that structure. Maybe a shared 'delivery guy' pool, since some restaurants / takeaway places will be more popular than others, where the others have such a low volume they couldn't support a delivery guy of their own. This page opens with a spammy popup to subscribe to some e-mail list; no thanks. tbh in the internet troll community, all it takes is one to start. A whole horde of trolling sheep will follow 'for teh lulz'. Won't they? At the very least, the code examples, structured nature, emphasis on async programming and a lot of other things will make jQuery devs become better jQuery / front-end developers. On that particular link, a vague shirtless dude dressed in a towel at the kitchen sink. Yeah, the title could be done a bit more tactfully. They're not pirates (or, guilty of copyright infringement) until they're convicted by a court, and iirc, the number of people actually brought to court, charged, tried and convicted is very small. Usually they're coerced into paying a settlement and the thing is over with. It means they probably siphon the money off somewhere (shell companies, the companies that hire / enlist them, etc) so that they're only non-profit because their books balance out and because of the tax exemption status it gets them. I'm sure there's a reason for it, and that telling people they've been hellbanned negates the whole purpose of said hellbanning. And yet, the vast majority of US citizens still agrees. I mean, they have the right to bear arms so that when they strongly disagree with their government, they can form an army and overthrow it (or something, whatever that amendment is for). If not that, at the very least they can strongly protest against the decisions and policy made, vote for a third party and break the two-party system, or vote / demand the voting and government system to be upturned to stop having to choose for the lesser or two evils in the form of a single man who will get most of the blame and responsibility for poor governmental decisions. > One of the unintuitive things I have struggled with is that now that I can do anything, I have a hard time choosing to invest time in something Thing is, when one can choose between a lot of things, all of which seem awesome, one tends to be unable to choose (or choose all of the things and do everything half-assed or not finish anything). Human trait. tbh, when it comes to terrorist threats, I don't get it. The train is a much more obvious target - no security checks whatsoever, and yet, a bomb exploding in the front of a high-speed train (or just one at a particular location) will cause massive casualties. Hell, you don't even need a bomb, just look at the accident with the high-speed train in Spain the other day, just speed and not breaking is enough. tbh, terrorists are kinda stupid. Do they? Seeing as how tech companies aren't allowed to divulge they're the NSA's bitches and have to hand over all their data, I don't think that public services like trains (or electricity, etc) are allowed to shut down their services if they disagree with the government's imposed security measures. Pretty sure there's sections in the anti-terrorism laws that say companies need to comply when the government brings in counter-terrorism measures like searches and the like. Besides, they'd probably comply willingly. The airline companies and airports do; hijackings just ain't good for business. Don't checked luggage go through bomb detection and the like? Actually I'd be inclined to believe they go through even more rigorous checks than people and their carry-on luggage. iirc, they're stored in bomb-resistant containers inside of aircraft, too, ever since a bombing with a bomb in checked luggage some time ago (80's, I think) Dating in the context of dating sites and such is inherently targeted at lonely people; fake profiles, trying to invoke feelings of 'belonging', and that there are people like you out there. Which are all sales techniques to get you to get a subscription. It's worse when you're a woman, put your picture up there and you get a dozen messages a week from guys suggesting you should have sex with them. To solve loneliness, people need to talk. Not try and find people that 'match' according to some obscure algorithm on an impersonal, protective online cocoon in the form of a dating site. Also, aren't veterans an army social club of sorts? Annual meetups and the like. There's potential, sure, but at the same time, animations like this don't come cheap - it takes a lot of knowledge, time, effort, and artistic insight to build something like that, which is a rare combination in any one person. But mostly time, and time equals money, and money is something a lot of people-facing companies aren't willing to pay for visuals like these. Even if the could, that is. I can see gaming companies investing in visuals like this to enhance their game's web pages, or even delegate parts of the game's UI to a browser. Battlefield 3 (and probably 4) does this for its server browser, removing the need for a large chunk of UI from its game, and removing the need to update the whole game in a patch if they want to make changes to their server browser. No fancy 3D effects or animations in there though. At least, not yet. iirc, they've outsourced development of that server browser to a third party. Warhammer versus sword, I'd like to see this happen. pff, more like "͉̮̽̌̾ͨ̅ͪ̔͟P̫̣̟̩͓ͬ̀̇ͦ̍̾r̢̟͚̭͍̰̈́͂̀͌͌ͅö̬̩̩̼͔͡g̻͈̜̘̥̣̯ͣ̆̊́͑̈̑r̜̅ͪ͂ͩ̈̽̆̕ä͙̯̹̼̭̽ͮ̄ͨ̋͞m̸̥̝͓̥͉̣̎̊ͬͩ̄̌ͨͅ ̷̣ͬ̎̔F̰͍̠̾̅i̪͖̞͓̝̬ͥͅle̞̘͇̲̳͍̐̎̾̾̉͑̚s̲͍̓̂͞. HN should too, :p. Put it in http://eeemo.net/ to see what I mean. It does too in Europe, at least, when calling internationally to cell phones; the caller pays up until the border, the cell phone owner pays after that. This has led to a lot of cases of OMFG WTF when people come back home after a vacation and get their phone bill, :p. > [0] I tried it for a week or so on a Nokia 301 and an example of a raw edge is that when using the music player and you accidentally remove the head phones, the music continues over the phone its speaker immediately. It should pause instead. I can imagine that a software trick like that is patented by for example Apple who iirc were the first ones to have music pause when unplugging, and a license wasn't taken on the technology to cut costs. Nice theory, but even non-native people that have been living in their new country will retain their accent for a long time. Unless they make a conscious effort to get rid of it, that is; most people don't, though. Sounds logical; you have to request a building permit for it, along with the plans for the garage, which is sent to Kadaster for kicks. In those examples, it's not just the accent or the words / language used, it's local expressions, sayings and the like. A perfectly simple and easily read sentence like "I need to see a man about a dog" can be pronounced in the most fluent and understandable accent (TV English), and still non-natives wouldn't realise it means you're going to the bathroom. In fact, going to the bathroom is another expression / figure of speech. You get the idea. Words, grammar and pronunciation are just part of the story. Well, I for one never knew I was spelled with a capital I until someone pointed it out, ;). As for style, it depends. When I'm chatting on irc, I tend to forgo capitalisation out of laziness. On more formal communications, like commenting here and emails, things are better. As for why the OP doesn't use it, I don't know. Broken shift-key perhaps? Depends on your definition of junk food. Chocolate covered biscuits were considered a delicacy and a snack before it was called junk. Inner city solar power plant! And yet, imagination is what haptic feedback and whatnot is all about. Phones vibrate in a way that sorta feels like you're pushing a physical button, which has the same effect in the brain. I'm seeing a market here. Smartphones that emit a cloud of weed/acid to enhance the experience. I don't see it as a code culture problem, or hell, even a problem in itself. It's a dude issue. Dudes can be judgmental, and if not held back by some corporate culture, if not applying filters of courteousness and being the better man, or by simply being in a certain environment where certain behaviour is frowned upon, things like this will appear. On the one side, it's a bad thing. On the other, it's stereotypical dudely behavior, and should be made fun of. "This is shit!" is, from my point of view, a way to observe that code 'feels' off, and an exclamation of frustration in that the reader can't understand it right away - and apparently doesn't have or can't take the time needed to dig in and understand it deeper. I often go for gut feelings in judging code (this is shit!) too, so I can understand. I can understand the frustration too when one can't spend the time to understand and fix it - besides, someone else wrote it, someone else should fix it. tl;dr, it's complicated. If someone exclaims "this is shit", go and investigate. Sit / pair with the person, walk through the code - or even better, if possible, find the person that wrote it - and either make it unshit, or make the person making the observation understand why it's not shit. It is when you need to dig into the documentation to figure all of this out, but if you now google 'speed up git pull', you'll find this article, repeat the commands, ?????, profit! five minutes. This... isn't some startup project, it's abusing indiegogo / a 'startup' campaign to get in pre-orders to fund the project. It also lacks being remarkable. Also nobody's giving them money for that, it seems. Not remarkable, seeing as how anyone can get an Ubuntu desktop with comparable specs for $350 or less already. Oklahoma! Oklahoma! ITT: overprotective mother tries to shield daughter from the cruelty of high school. Link is posted on a site where a large percentage of the audience were nerds in high school when computers and an interest in science was considered uncool and grounds for getting dragged through shit. I'm all for gender equality in IT and the like, but again, high school. Put a girl in a classroom full of hormone-ridden teenage boys that probably don't see much of that kind very often, see what happens. You should try the Youtube comments, that'll drastically sour your faith in humanity. :p Could just be a sales strategy. "The 5C looks tacky, the 5S looks much better and is only $100 more expensive!" And teenagers will probably go for the 5C, breeding a new generation that likes tacky smooth glossy plastic in bright pastel colors. > They'll buy the cheapest Dell. It'll fall apart in 6 months. "Dells are terrible". But at least Dell is a single company / manufacturer and not a brand name. Of course, said experience could make people go "Laptops are terrible". Actually, it does, and they go right back to their Macbooks. It wasn't innovative if you were looking at the basic features, but for consumers, it was the first update from Windows 95 or 98, and bringing them an (at the time) fresh and new OS built on top of a new (for them) kernel with a bunch of features that made it that much better. Of course, I'd say XP wasn't 'done' until SP 2, given how it quickly became the primary target for virusses and whatnot. > Now what am I paying the premium price for again? The current-generation Macbooks? * High performance * Retina display * Tiny package * OSX * Status I'm not a fanboy, but I'm looking forward to being allowed to pick out a new macbook late this year or early next. Will probably wait for the new batch, this 2011 model I work with atm is still awesome. My previous dev machine (at an assignment) was a Core I7, 32 GB monster... but it ran on Ubuntu and didn't feel as nippy or awesome as this macbook. The OS does make an important difference. But I digress / ramble. > Nonetheless, I think it's worth entertaining the hypothesis that in many ways the internet is like candy for your brain, and constant exposure might have subtle -- perhaps not yet fully recognized or appreciated -- effects on our cognition. It does, actually. Read Nicholas Carr's 'The Shallows' [0], it's a pretty decent book about the subject. It also starts off with comparing our usage of the internet with the rise of reading - you know, books and the like. History lesson; humans needed to adapt their brains to be able to read attentively for longer periods of time. The book contrasts that with the ADD nature of the internet, and yet, indicates how it's actually going back to where we were before. Or just a change similar to when books became publicly accessible. tl;dr, yes there is a change, but I don't think it's necessarily good or bad; just different. And shocking / to be resisted by the older generation, just as how their parents were shocked and resisting the Beatles and similar long-haired freaks. :p [0]: http://www.amazon.com/The-Shallows-Internet-Doing-Brains/dp/... And yet, before the 60's and before the rise of proper education, teenagers went to work after elementary school (if that) and became mature, responsible adults much sooner. At least, so I heard. They couldn't get together and have orgies or whatever, because they were expected to be either at work, or back at work at 6 AM. [/faux history teacher] * Three hours of sleep - if that - is far, far too little for any normal human being to function normally. Also yes, working until 6 AM is an all-nighter, it's dawn then. > Second, how many times did you pull a few all-nighters in a row during college? I can't even count. I certainly didn't die. Never. I don't get why people do it either, it's not like it makes you a better student. If anything, having to pull all-nighters for college can, in my limited and breezing-through-school opinion, mean only a few things: * You only started to work on an assignment / study for an exam at the very last moment. * The US school system is terribly broken and puts a disproportionately and unhealthily high workload on its students, turning it into a Chinese sweatshop instead of a nurturing educational facility. In software methodology, there's an expression called 'Sustainable Pace' [0]. When building software, it's pointless to go and do 'crunch time', since, one by one, your people will start underperforming or even outright crashing, leaving the remainder under duress to compensate. Doesn't work. I don't know what these 'deals' are, but I can't see how they'd require anyone to work 21-hour workdays for any duration of time. Personally, I work a 9-5 job as a software developer / consultant, and I close the door behind me at 5. I resist my colleague's excitement over DOING ALL THE THINGS!11one, simply because I know I can't deal with it. I've seen enough colleagues (and my superiors, lol) work too much and unable to let go of their job and becoming unfit for work. So yeah, I like to dramatise this a bit, and not allow myself to fall into the same traps. It's not like I'd gain anything from it, anyway. Work to live, not the other way around. etc. [0] http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/overtime.html Back here (Netherlands), GP's (local doctors, they get all the booboos for a certain area) as well as pharmacists would get called out of bed in the middle of the night in case of emergencies. (I was carried off to the doctor at night when I developed pneumonia once, got diagnosed, penicillin from the pharmacy, etc in a matter of an hour or so). I'm guessing that happened frequently, so I'm sure doctors would miss quite some sleep from time to time, especially during flu epidemics and the like. Nowadays, they have a new system, "Doctor's Watch", where the GP's from a certain area operate at night in rotation. It's a bit more official and less personal, but it does allow those not on rotation to get a proper night's sleep. Pretty sure they'd compensate that by working less hours during the day / week. "I just bought a #WashingMachine from @SomeWebshop for #cheap, #omg!!111#one~!", where @SomeWebshop paid Twitter to have positive-sounding tweets for SomeWebshop appear more prominently on the #washingmachine hashtag and elsewhere. (disclaimer: I don't know twitter and never got into it.) What I'd really like is a UI toolkit for developers that goes You could skip sleep too in order to make money. I like how the comments to your legitimate complaint are telling you there isn't a problem. Remember popups from the 90's? This is a popup. And it's both annoying and unjustified; offer people to keep updated or fill in a survey once they've visited your site a couple of times, kthx. And don't do popups. Never do popups. I agree. As mentioned above, pizza, ping-pong and beer are all cheap and (besides the ping-pong) unhealthy 'benefits'. I would be more attracted to the job if it had steady work hours, a gym, and quality beer. A guy I knew got himself a new job once, he was excited about it because they had helicopters the programmers could play with. I was like "So uh, what do you do?" If a job advert tries to distract from the actual job (you know, the thing you're supposed to do for 8 hours a day to get paid) with 'fun' benefits, it suggests that the job itself isn't all that awesome. I like the rule. If only because I like to pretend I'm distinguished enough to not approve of beer and pizza, :p. > My second thought is how is this any better than the automated resume screens that companies use on candidates? This one will actually scan the content of the document, instead of just distributing the applications into two halves and outright discarding a random half. Easiest way to cull hundreds of applications for a single job advert. That probably won't happen unless either he had his FB password written down somewhere in his will (if any), or if FB gives access to accounts of the deceased to relatives - which, I can imagine, would be a big hassle for FB. It wouldn't be a bad idea to take up instructions for one's online life in one's will; Facebook accounts to make announcements on and close, domain names to transfer or disband, projects to close / reassign, online contacts to inform, etc. I should get to that actually. If I died, nobody of the close friends I have online would have any way of knowing, and the RL people I know (few as they are) don't know them either. Also Dutch here. Developers go with Windows if they do not get a choice; unfortunately, most major companies demand everyone uses Windows. I'm fortunate to be working for a consultancy company that just gives everyone a budget to buy their computer. Most people have a Macbook, with the odd exception that simply has a hatred for Apple or can't get used to it. I would argue that development tools are much better for OSX. It's like Linux, but usable. A lot of commandline tools just work out of the box under OSX, where you have to go through hoops, hope there's a port, or install a bash emulator under Windows. Of course, .NET developers will be using Windows. Nor is it hidden that most ads served through Google's networks are frequently badly designed or use bloated Flash. This. Smooth driving will make for a higher average / continuous speed, not to mention it'll cause less wear (brakes, clutch) and lower fuel consumption (accellerating costs fuel, braking is a waste of motion energy) Keeping code in sync with your colleagues should not be a major problem, given how you should be able to sync with each other (distributed CVS, etc). Azure... I don't know how that works. Heroku would work without github being online, since you'd push to github - maybe that'd be an idea? bower_install is annoying, yeah; it should allow for a backup location (s) to resolve dependencies. Maven allows people to configure multiple repositories, which are often mirrored against each other while hosted by vastly different parties; if one repo mirror is offline, there's a dozen others available, in a lot of cases. For those components, github is a single point of failure. I wouldn't be sure, I'm pretty sure legal entities are allowed to employ entrapment in a lot of cases. Watch episodes of Cops, for example, they will attempt to buy drugs and arrest the dealer, or attempt to get people to solicit prostitution from an undercover (female) officer. Basically, people should stick to the law; dealing drugs or soliciting paid sex are both crimes, no matter who you do it to/with. Their status page [1] still indicates a 99.85% uptime in the past month, and before this and yesterday's problem, their status page was mostly green across the board for a couple of weeks. It depends on your requirements, really. Nobody can guarantee 100% uptime. [1] https://status.github.com/graphs/past_month It's what you generally see in nature too when (catlike) animals are bounding: http://cincinnatizoo.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/sarah_ru... . Front paws go between the rear ones, etc. Rear ones are used for the brunt of propulsion, front ones for balance and direction etc. That is, if he can convert his e-money into real money; I doubt lawyers would accept bitcoins, certainly when they're about to work for the guy whose site played an important part in the rise and valuation of bitcoins. Not if you just brand them the label 'Enemy combatants' - laws no longer apply then, apparently. I'm still waiting for someone to accuse and convict the US of war crimes and the violations of the rights of prisoners of war. It definitely wouldn't if it was $80 m in cocaine; the FBI would confiscate it and have to hand it over to the DEA to have it destroyed. Whether or not the FBI wants to seize it and spend it in some way, or just to seize it so it can't be spent by DPR or anyone anymore is up for debate. I'm not actually sure what the laws are regarding money or possessions seized from criminals over there. One could argue that in this case the server's file system acts as the database. Offtopic, but I like how the article calls the 5C "relatively inexpensive"; it's still a high-end (priced) device that looks intentionally low-price / less refined. (this comment got a bit long. tl;dr, the internet is full of insensitive pricks that don't get confronted with their own behaviour) A large percentage of the internet populace is running on autopilot: browse hundreds of random images a day for quick fixes of entertainment, and post the odd impulsive, thoughtless and, most importantly, internet-badassity-enhancing comment. It's much more common to be scathing and hurtful on the internet, simply because there is less of, or none of, a 'society filter' out there. If one were to stand on a soapbox in public and make the kind of remarks people make unashamedly and unfilteredly on the internet, they wouldn't be standing there for long and would in all likelihood get called out on their behavior. Not (directly) so on the internet. I can identify two major reasons for that: One, peer groups. Internet douchebags is a major internet peer group, who will e-high-five each other for remarks outlined in the article. Two: Nobody cares. Scathing remarks are made by anonymous people all over the internet, so a lot of people have been desensitised or simply feel powerless, on behalf of not actually knowing the person making the remarks. The difference for that last point lies in community. A lot of these image sharing sites have a loosely-tied, unloyal random userbase, where most commenters will not or never know or recognise each other from other 'threads'. This in contrast to, say, HN, where people can gain fame and notoriety over time. In the latter category, where comments and the overall mood is much less random and much more focussed at a certain audience, scathing and offensive and plain dumb comments (which is about 99% of youtube comments, for example) will not only be (anonymously, disconnecedly) downvoted, but outright confronted, countered, and the people behind them approached and have their unwanted behaviour pointed out to them. [faux-psychologist]Freud assigned people's behavior as a result of the id, ego, and super-ego; on the internet, shielded by anonymity and a high abstraction and reduction of communication to quickly typed, short messages, the super-ego has little power in the big, anonymous communities; there is little to no society that tells people "No, this behavior is unwanted". This in turn dulls the ego (one's rational mind, conscience, etc), allowing the id (the impulsive mind that screams LOL FAT PEOPLE KILL UR SELF LOL) to write a similar blurb onto the internet. Communities like HN have a much stronger super-ego, and unwanted behavior is put down. When the poster approached the commenters, she acted as the super-ego, and the commenters suddenly snapped out of their autopilot, impulsive state of mind, having their conscience suddenly kick in when they realised there was a living person with real feelings behind the 2D image of a random woman dressing up as a character with a different physique.[/faux-psychologist] I'm guessing it may help bring JSON to use in the more restrictive companies that are scared of 'nonstandard' file formats. The kind that currently uses XML for everything. > rspeer 42 minutes ago Nice. I did see some framedrop or something when the animation was at 'max speed' though; Chrome's FPS meter is reporting a frame rate of 30 FPS when the animation runs, instead of a stable 60. Not sure if that can actually be fixed though. I have a button on my mouse to make the scroll thingy freewheel, it's pretty neat. Am I the only one that thinks "some content-farming dude on the internet being a mysoginist douche" isn't really big news? These people, and sorry if you're one of them, just aren't worth the time and effort to even reply to. > I have been interested in node.js CMS's and this has been the most promising one. But it is /not a CMS/. It's a blogging platform, and it set out to not become what Wordpress has turned into (a CMS). > I agree that massive expansion of biomass generation would impact agricultural land. It would; just look at the amount of farmland currently used to produce plants used for the production of biofuels. It's a big impact on the food production capacity of the world, and it's mainly used to mix with regular oil-based fuels so that the oil/gas companies adhere to government standards, tax reductions and customer goodwill, whilst the biofuel producers get government grants and fundings and more tax deductions. Of course, that's (iirc) first-generation biofuel, second/third generation (or grade) biofuel uses biowaste (shells, green stuff, animal waste, stuff that would otherwise be processed into compost or fertilizer). source: my memory Pretty sure coal plants are already used in that way, but on a 'grid-wide' level; based on predictions based on the time of day, time of year, and other factors, traditional power plants get scaled up / down or powered up / down, preferably with minimal waste. Wasting fuel and powering up/down isn't profitable for the energy companies either. I can imagine that the fast-responding power plants are the hydroelectric ones, since their power output can be adjusted by just closing off some valves. Of course, if their reservoir is empty or low they can't scale up easily. Back home, I used to live in an area that had the occasional jet fighter flying over from the nearby military airbase. Yeah. Noise pollution isn't a new problem, and I'm pretty sure drones like this will be the least contributor, especially if they're electric, especially if they fly high enough. And yet, they did it for good reason: Overpopulation control What's more humane, asking people to limit the number of children they have, or have the children die from famine? I don't think one should judge humanity based on comments on the internet. The people behind those comments would respond (and debate) much differently in real life, when they get direct feedback (verbal and/or nonverbal) for the opinions they unfilteredly and impulsively spout onto the interwebz. > Something that happens quite frequently is non-technical friends see my laptop at night and ask "why it is orange?" This, very much; if you just have it on for a while, you don't notice it yourself. There was a time years ago when it would transition rather quickly so you could see when it turned on, but that's a setting you can turn off so it goes reeeeally smoothly. I hardly notice it now. Maybe sometimes when I turn on a game it will flicker back to normal for a little bit. But yeah, I hardly notice it (which is good), but others do. Funny. I would say that changing color temperature based on time of day (and location on the planet) as a means to reduce late-night eyestrain and fatigue is something non-obvious, yes. I never even thought about color temperature and the influence of it on your sleeping patterns (esp. late at night) until the guy behind f.lux came by. They still do in that they can automatically adjust brightness based on light environments. Just brightness / backlight setting though, not colors or anything. I have it turned off and have it set to the lowest, given how it's still too bright even if my room is pretty dark. > you wouldn't look at the Mona Lisa with amber glasses. I would if I had to look at it constantly for my job and entertainment and it had a bright blue backlight shining right into my eyes all the time, :p. I do believe f.lux also can increase (blue-shift) the color balance on your screen during the day; my setting goes up to 6500K. Not sure if that's higher than the normal color temperature though. I'm not sure if it's light intensity or color, myself. I do know that Philips is doing a lot of research in the area. If you have a Philips light that can change color (or can get one), turn it up to bright blue in the morning, and a pleasant / warm red in the evening. That should help. I for one wouldn't mind a shifting color setup at home. Maybe I'll buy myself one of those lights sometime. Right now I mainly have reddish lights (woo, Lidl), but also because I mainly have lights on in the evening. And I don't generally have issues waking up in the morning. At least not once I'm out of bed, :p. Devs don't need beer, they need coffee, :D On a more serious note, I don't get the point of this post. Beer and pizza being listed in job adverts? Yeah, that's a sign that the job itself isn't actually attractive enough to draw people in. Second, I for one wouldn't want to work anywhere that had a continuous supply of beer and pizza. Maybe as a friday afternoon event. Beer and sexism? I don't see it. For one, women drink beer too. Although to be honest, not everyone's into beer; "drinks" would be a better term. Good wine, for example. Beer and immature, juvenile 'frat boy' behaviour? Only if you're working with immature, juvenile frat boys. We have beer at the office (I work offsite though, curse you consultancy!), but nobody drinks during the week days, and most people just want to go home at 5 on fridays. Maybe they have a beer at 4. But most just want to go home to their families and pasttimes. It really depends on a lot of factors, and whether your job is a place where you go to work, or something that doubles as your entire social life. or something. If people, as hinted at in the article, drink tons of beer during their working hours, then those people have a problem, imho. Who here does? Also, does the author have experience working in a place that serves beer during working hours? Or people that become complete tards when they've had a couple? > Who cares. It's IE which needs to catch up to the standards Mozilla and Google are implementing. That's interesting. A time ago, people were moaning at IE for coming up with their own standards / CSS things / Javscript features; now you're saying that they should do the same with things Firefox and Chrome introduced? I'm being petulant on purpose, don't mind me ;). The HTML5 standards are of yet not standardized yet, so tbh I don't know if they actually should. I'm not a doctor, but wouldn't slumping be an indication that your back muscles have atrophied too much from sitting down all day? No chair / back rest is good enough to prevent that from happening, and no chair will be comfortable enough if the problem is a weak back. In fact, the more comfy and supportive the chair, the more your back will weaken. Go to a gym, spend less time sitting down, get a standing desk, that kinda thing. Well tbh, I'd say it's more important he has a good memory; even if he's shit at writing, as long as he can either tell his stories for a biographer to write down, or write them down half-arsedly for a good editor to polish. In this case, I don't care about whether he's a good writer, but whether his stories are good; the rest can be fixed by others. Things like Flash, Silverlight, PDF readers and other native plug-in components generally aren't open. Well it would if Javascript execution speed was the issue, but as the article highlights, they're using Javascript to replace slow browser rendering, and the argument is that JS is, in the case of matrix transformations, 80% the speed of native C, and using that to replace the renderer for animations in a browser is faster than the native render. Of course, faster JS is never wrong. I'm gonna go with 'no'; GPU's should be a lot faster (read: more specialized), and thus more power-efficient than general-purpose CPU's. In theory. Disregarding optimizations in general purpose CPU's in mobile. Your points are valid, but I do think Apple's taking a big risk there; especially in the last couple of years, the competition has fiercely increased, and I don't think the primary choice is "Latest model or latest -1" with a lot of consumers, but "iPhone or Android". Especially given how high-end, sexy-looking Android phones can easily dive under the price of the cheap-looking 5C. Isn't the idea of hellbanning that people don't realize they are? Kinda defeats the purpose if you notify them of it. If HN wanted people to know they've been silenced, they would be given an error message. So, don't tell people. It's also spamming the comment with offtopic remarks. You call it a sick way to mess with people, governments will refer to it as cyberwarfare. I'd say that the US / Israel's attacks on the Iranian uranium enrichment facilities (Stuxnet) was just a tame and reserved trial, and that most modern countries have plans in place that will unleash a devastating cyberattack on loads of internet-connected devices. I'd say routers are particularly vulnerable, if only because they are smart (Linux) machines, but in most cases users will never check them for anything odd going on. As this article shows, it takes but a simple command for them to execute stuff, and given how Linux is a general purpose OS, they could install and perform any kind of task - like install backdoors and whatnot on the PC's behind the routers, which can then in turn be disabled or used in a massive botnet to perform a DDoS or other attacks on other systems. Just think about the implications of there being a backdoor in every internet-connected computer system, or the consequences of all-out cyberwar. "Meant to fail" is a bit of a strong phrasing; like in all things, it depends. Bootstrap and the like are ideal if you just need to get something up and running without looking terrible, I've used it in both my current and previous project. For an end-product though, I'm not sure if it's ideal. In my previous project, we ended up hiring a CSS jesus who single-handedly created a Bootstrap-like framework (or based it on Bootstrap) for the entire company's web projects (a large international bank). In my current assignment, we use Bootstrap with a number of customisations and custom parts. In both cases, Bootstrap was used to create something pretty, fast - without again falling into the 'how to css positioning' rabbit hole. I wonder what takes up that much space in Photoshop. I suspect the brush files, iirc those take up quite some space. I can imagine Pixelmator uses much more native / vertex images, like those you can create using PaintCode [1], which generates a bit of native Objective C code to produce the image you draw in that app. Paintcode is a great way to reduce the size of your app's downloaded content, btw. [1] http://www.paintcodeapp.com/ I live in the Netherlands, we have dedicated bike lanes and decent cyclists. Electrical bicycles can indeed be deceptive, as in you see an elderly lady zipping by whilst slowly pedaling (usually the elderly ladies are only barely faster on bike than on foot), and since they don't make extra noises they can be a bit dangerous if you don't look out. But it's still just an assisted bicycle. Before electrical bikes, we had assisted bicycles with a small two-stroke combustion engine, the Spartamet [0]. These were iirc registered in a separate category, 'snorfietsen', which is a class lower than mopeds (TIL those would be called 'mopas') [1], or basically, 'assisted bicycles'. These do need to have an insurance registration plate (number plate) and some visual indications, but a helmet is not required. [0] http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spartamet (Dutch, no English version yet) [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moped I can see it already. In a dystopian future, when the world as we know it is covered in water, one mythical ship traverses the oceans, powered by stratosphere kites or nuclear power. Nobody knows where it's from. All we know is that many years ago, it became sentient. And its name is Google. I think I read some people's experiences with a chair like the Emperor; what they were basically saying is that it gets very uncomfortable over time, no matter how comfy the chair is. It's a fallacy to state that the most relaxed or supported position is good for you. Better to sit or stand in an active position - like what this chair is trying to do. Except Tesla hasn't built an affordable car yet. You could argue the same for Dyson's vacuum cleaners, which are still premium devices much more expensive than regular vacuums. Does anyone else get envious for not having the artistic ability to make cool stuff like they show in Paper and the ads around it? Well, links are always better with context or a title. Same with youtube links - I frequently don't click them when there is no context or any clue about the contents. And in youtube's case, it could be a rick roll. So, a lot of people complain about AngularJS's documentation, not just this article or the comments, but everywhere. Does nobody see the bright 'Improve this doc' button at the top right or something? It's an open source project - instead of complain, contribute! The link immediately opens a github pull request for your convenience and you can edit it in github's own editor. Yeah, you could shift the blame to Google, but afaik, it's not one of their supported products, but a 10% time product - meaning that the creators / maintainers themselves can't work full-time on it either, and rely on the open source community to help them out. Go forth and fork. If we're going all the way, "little" may be offensive to people with a growth disorder, and "child" is age discrimination, the whole combination implying that only children can be small and scared. tl;dr, stop being so politically correct everyone, sheesh. Sexism... by replacing "girl" with "boy"? Equally sexist. By replacing "boy/girl" with "child"? Ageism. By replacing boy/girl/child with "person"? Humanism. Yes I can go on. And yet, you won't - it mostly depends, I think, where your video comes from. gifsoup (iirc) will scrape a youtube video and turn it into a .gif. There's probably quite a few youtube-to-gif services out there, come to think of it. It'll be a problem if you use the original star wars video in one way or another though. I think. Depends on whether it can be considered fair use or not. > Remember how when you started programming professionally, and you quit those projects? Why did that need to happen? It didn't, I now get to spend 8+ hours a day working on things that matter, things that get me paid, thinks that make my customers (and their customers) happy, things that I see people use daily on their phone on my way to my next assignment. Just because I work for a boss - and no, not some cool startup in the Valley - doesn't mean I don't do cool projects anymore. (My pointless project phase was amongst others a scraper for InvisionFree forums, they would charge hundreds of dollars to get a copy of the database of a The question then becomes, "Why?" Why not? [/argument] Not everything needs to be done for a practical reason; that's most art. And taste is something that cannot be argued with. C64 demos, 4K intros also take a certain kind of people to appreciate. Whilst clicking through the related youtube links, I found a 3D representation / rendering of one of these tracks (instead of the 2D one shown on most videos), with the notes cascading downwards onto ten rows of keys - gives a bit more perspective to how they made it. Pff, needs more notes in that case. MOAR! I don't know Boost / Ensure, but given how they seem to be (based on the parent) sold as a medical food replacement, I can imagine they're rather expensive. I wouldn't call Soylent cheap, though - $65 a week for one person is quite a lot if you're on a tight budget, and it doesn't scale to family-size who can be cheaper off by buying and cooking food in bulk. Wouldn't feed my kids slop like this either tbh (and I'm pretty sure that they would rebel (if I had them and tried to feed them this for any duration of time)). In my opinion, s/he did. Yeah, add a " that " and you've got yourself an allround blog title generator. Except that Google Now is not for desktops or a 'start page' (at least not yet), and perhaps more importantly, is not accessible or extensible by developers, or customizable by users. It used to when they created the iMac, or 'internet mac', back when the WWW was still novel to most people. What I usually see in the credits for AAA video games is a handful of programmers - 5 - 10 - for the game itself, a bunch more for the engine - if they are credited at all. Most 'programming' done in video games is actually scripting, i.e. player touches button, door opens. Welcome to the internet! wow such question wow I was at Chuck Moore's talk at Strangeloop, it was... esoteric. From what I gather, it's not really something you'd want to write a full application in - Forth came across to me as a very low-level language, much like assembler. Which makes sense given how the chip executes it natively. also the dude did not wear shoes. I'm not seeing any spinninng @'s, laughing babies or "UNDER CONSTRUCTION" gifs either. http://wonder-tonic.com/geocitiesizer/content.php?theme=2&mu... Ahh, that's better. I haven't had to deal with user agents in a while, thankfully. Except today; the client wants the user to be presented the mobile site we built, or the old desktop site, depending on user agent. I'm not going to parse no user agent strings though - there's an open source library / database called WURFL [1] that can do all those things. Hopefully. [1] http://wurfl.sourceforge.net/ Except that the analogy is off, given that paypal deals in established currency that you don't first have to generate or buy (via a convoluted process that involves handing over your ID etc to trading websites, or selling post-order drugs). Herp derp derp derp, Derp herp herp derp herp! many ponies Link bait title; it's not criminal, it's Apple's prerogative to not allow default apps to be replaced, just like how it's Google's prerogative to demand a Google account to be installed before using an Android phone or the Play store. lmao, so do I. I got a slimmer wallet though, no coins and not much room for junk, six cards and a note container. Made out of plastic. Lasts forever. Kinda destroys the magnetic strips on credit cards though, oops, and cards in the back aren't very accessible. Well, don't give the card to the waiter? I was honestly spooked when my colleagues handed over their credit card to a waiter when I was in the US a while ago, leaving it out of their sight and hands for a while. We're warned in TV adverts here to never hand over your card - it could get skimmed by the attendant behind the counter. Less of a risk now that the magnetic strip is hardly used anymore, but still. Give someone a few minutes with a chip card and they can do plenty of things with it. Paying by card here happens either by using a mobile card reader, or by just getting up and walking to the cash register before leaving. Much safer. Well, Instagram and Snapchat and the like are on the extreme end of the scale; the reason they get funded is because: * Development is cheap * Returns are quick That is, anyone with a PC and a server can create a Snapchat clone; anyone with an image processing library (or knowledge to create one) can create an Instagram; getting a handful of developers together is easy, and building the next big web app will take just an idea and a few dozen K to develop - low risk. If it fails, no biggie, few K lost, some personal drama. If it doesn't fail, and is lucky it'll grow for a few years in its userbase, prove itself, and increase its value to the billions the lucky few companies did. This is a complete opposite to the truly disruptive things like Hyperloop, which, if successful, will change the world of transportation. If it fails, however, investors will have lost billions - because the start-up costs are billions, not a few K or a garage and spare time like the silicon valley startups cost. Risk vs reward, risk-spreading. With a billion dollar, an investor can fund a hundred startups comfortably, and only one of them has to strike it big for the investor to make a profit. With bigger and potentially more influential projects like Hyperloop, the investor will have to pour all of his investment money into one project, and if it fails - and I'd say there's a decent chance that it will - that money's gone. And Hyperloop is, I'd say, a high-risk investment; it'll take years to develop, it'll probably have a lot of problems getting the 'pipe' up, it'll have to combat the user's fears of being locked up in a high-speed pipe, it'll have to be cost-competitive with the competition, and it has to be safe; a new transportation system like this needs just one serious accident for nobody to ever use it again. or ispy@nsa.gov Yeah, a lot of those arguments, while true, are not very representative; he's comparing statistics of the 19.000 brand new cars built within the last year with the millions of road cars currently out there. I do think the Tesla's fires have been blown way out of proportion by the media. And it's odd too; gasoline fires are much more impressive and descriptions of burning children and suchlike will create much more impressive headlines than "electrical car on fire". It's a desensitisation thing though, I think; dozens of cars (rough guess based on nothing) go up in flames every day, which is maybe noted in a local newspaper. Rare high-tech car has a fire and it's world news. Upvoted this comment because valid. The confusion is part of the joke, really; people that are in the same boat, friends of the person that says it, or regulars in the same community (say, Reddit) will go empathic and go "I like totally know what you mean, like". Retweet reblog like favorite pinned shared etc. Those that aren't in on the joke go "because huh?", which is funny. Because lol internet. Which is actually a merger of two words (van wege), which roughly translates to 'because of'. Lots of words are pronounced as if they are one (or always together), and in this case they were eventually written as one. I'm here too because work. Well, shortcuts can be made to web apps too. But yeah, Steam offers a bunch of other things to games like this; the ones you mentioned, but also a way to pay for the game, a community, and (probably most importantly), exposure. App store for games. I dunno, things like this make their way to more mainstream media too, making "the general public" more conscious of security, and making them wonder whether their passwords will be secure at parties they leave them at. To pull the analogy through to the extremes, even a highly skilled surgeon might not be able to do it because he doesn't know how to improvise, refuses to operate in a non-hospital environment, or insert a billion other reasons in here . tl;dr, T-shaped skillsets are good, specialists are good. > And what's the alternative? I think the author gives an alternative in the form of his pilot training; intense training before being allowed to write code (= a proper and full education, instead of a course), and pair programming (= co-pilot) with an experienced or non-novice pilot (developer). The big corporate world doesn't tend to agree with this though, two people doing one job seems like a waste of money and time to a lot of managers that don't know any better. And yet, go our own way too. Software is (or used to be built) like other engineering professions; big design up front, then build (and often have the actual construction done by relatively low-wage workers). Software's much more complicated though. I'm invincible to these schemes, I play Eve Online. Go into a random trade hub and you get people shouting SEND ME E-MONEY AND I'LL DOUBLE IT! They link to a 'public' API showing that player's financial transactions over time, giving 'proof' that what he claims is legit. And for low quantities, it works too - to build trust, of course. But when the scammed sends over a large quantity of money, the scammer will add that to the 'API page' and claim the user's trying to scam him or there's supposedly a technical problem, or something. In this case, the scammer could improve by linking to a 'transaction log' online, and by offering to double someone's small amounts of bitcoin. With the current rates, that'd have to be like 0.01 BTC ($7). Those would be used to lure people in, going OMG IT WORKS, until they transfer, say, 10 BTC, after which the scammer simply doesn't return the money. Well, according to small tests, jquery's selectors are slower than the 'native' selectors; findElementById for example is at least twice as fast as jquery's $('#someId') call. But that's because jquery has to parse the query first. It's a productivity versus performance thing, really. Native JS is often faster than the same thing in jquery. And you defeated the purpose of hellbanning by pointing it out to the user. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellbanning Magic: the Gathering? It's a game of infinite possibilities and strategies and has a big meta game around it, too. Plus collectibles. Plus cool artwork. Plus good apps. Subtle. And their lack of attempts to improve it; I mean, it's an open source project, there's a big "IMPROVE THIS DOC!" button on every documentation page. I'm guessing you have a few you'd like to cash in on? ;) I never actually gave much thought into whether or not to minify JS or not, thanks for that insight. I'd definitely still concatenate files though; I have one project that has like 150 JS files and another 100 html templates (single page webapp), and there's a very tangible performance difference concatted vs. unconcatted. It definitely is a dragnet kinda approach; let's just collect all the data, chuck it into a big database and see if we find any connections with insert random justification here . So, are we going to reverse-judge the 70's now? I'd rather have this than a bunch of obese neckbeards wearing Unix T-shirts promoting working in IT. Except that it's not $150 million of seized assets, it's a bunch of electronic money that could or would at one point potentially sell for approximately $150 million if there were enough buyers for the offered digital product. What does the FBI or other agencies do with intercepted drug money and criminal possessions? Drugs get destroyed, that much I know, but not sure about the other stuff. What I'd definitely do is install a filter (of sorts) on your CDN that serves a reduced-size, watermarked version of your images, for the unavoidable hotlinking. As for policing user-generated content sites... it kinda depends. If used on a forum, for example for educational purposes (explaining something), I wouldn't bother. Fair use, live and let live, etc - they're getting a watermarked version (link to the source, copyright etc) anyway. For commercial use, do keep policing them. There should be software and websites out there (google image search by image, for example) to make it easier for you. disclaimer: IANAL etc. And you don't even have to use itunes, plenty of alternative / reverse engineered systems that can send music files to your idevice. And I'm sick of going back in time ten years when ads would pop up or under the page you were viewing. Then ad blockers were invented. Then popups were re-invented in the form of modal dialogs. So why do people use those flimsy face masks instead of proper gas masks / carbon filters? So, average male's daily need in one 500 gram bag... How much does this cost again? I mean I'd be interested in replacing one or two meals with something like this, but only if it's not too expensive. On the one side it's creepy. On the other hand, I volunteered to have Google store this information and such so they can provide me with better services. And the dashboard / facts are pretty nifty; wish I could set the time scale to a year. There's a few pretty big jumps in my history, trip to the US, another to Turkey, and if my data was working, there'd be another to the UK. Also good to know I still have 330.000 kilometers to get to the moon. tl;dr, NSA analysts want to play WoW during working hours. Can't blame 'em. Or the mindset of a spy sattelite. I honestly don't get what the fuss is all about. They wouldn't launch a spy sattellite with the tagline 'We can only see a very small bit of earth after getting a court to agree on it in triplets', would they? Except it's more like 2/3rds. Or 3/3rds with a 4th and 5th part added as content expansions. Doom 2 was pretty much that; same engine, more levels. I have bank code on my (encrypted) laptop (and the code itself is in an encrypted container), I'd like to see them demand I give up the passwords, then have the US involved in a big corporate espionage lawsuit vs one of the world's largest banks. Actually nvm, I don't, I wiped my hard drive before bringing it in for repairs. Nope, you're covered by copyright laws there. You give Google an (implicit) license to use your photos, but not your competitors and you can send your lawyer after them. Only in browsers, and only if The Other Guy is doing it, :p. Erm, addictive nature of VR? What about the addictive nature of video games themselves? The Quora article there describes a kind of escapism; perhaps more immersive than video games already are, but tbh I don't think there will be that big of a difference in the end. The main issue here is that people that don't fit the norm get labeled as sick - either (or both) by themselves and by society, and drugs will make you or your kids 'normal'. Or 'better', as some of those ads are trying to tell you. We live in a meritocracy, and if you're not able to be awesome, you need to be treated. ADD and ADHD are both horribly overdiagnosed conditions. Kids will be hyperactive and hard to control, either by themselves or depending on what you fed them fifteen minutes earlier (sugar). I could rant more, but it's late and my brain's fried. I'm no psychologist, but part of what I'm reading here is guilt and pressure about your 'potential'. Trying to pursue that potential and whatnot will probably only make your problems worse or equal. It's not a bad thing to aim a bit lower and just find balance in things. [pedantic mode on] In this particular case, or at least the first test case, the unit test doesn't actually need the actual $location service; a mock will suffice to set the expectation (i.e. the path method returning a path) For clarity, I'd pull the createController function out of the beforeEach method. Actually, in this case you don't even need to have it as a separate method; simply calling $controller will be enough, since one, the controller does not have any behavior on initialization (besides adding a function to the scope), and second because all public methods are assigned to the scope. Third, the injector can be skipped in favor of just having the appropriate service names in the call to inject. I took the liberty to clean up as I'd do it: http://pastebin.com/Vv63J3P5 Same applies to the second unit test. I also wouldn't use the $http service directly from a controller, or mock out http calls using $httpBackend; either use a service that wraps $http calls itself, or ngResource/$resource. Those two can then easily be mocked out in the controller spec (slurpService.scrape(url).andReturn(neatlyParsedResult)) [/pedantic] I'd say yes to some degree; you have Javascript, and you have a deeper level involving the environment. On the server, that's Node and its API and the available libraries and how to use them, webserver configuration, *nix server management, etc. On the client, it's the stuff mentioned by the author; front-end libraries, the various environments, CSS, HTML, etc etc etc. Both require their own specializations. I wouldn't say they're mutually exclusive, just that while the constant is Javascript the language, the environments are widely different. I don't blame them; you can't buy much with bitcoins, everyone treats it as an asset whose value is entirely determined by the current exchange rate / buy/sell prices, and that exchange rate is so unstable, no sane bank would want to offer services for it. I'm pretty sure it's common to install a breathalyzer in cars nowadays if you've been caught with driving under the influence (probably repeatedly or over a certain percentage) in various countries / states. Only if it's "password", "secret", "god", "scotu" or "12345" I'd even go as far as say that people are hired on a temp basis because Amazon's somewhere working on fully automating the picking job. I can see a setup where people are only needed to load the machines with products, where the machines are item dispensers of sorts that can contain a buffer of products. Indeed; a statement like that is either reflective of Snowden's skill level, or the average skill level of his co-workers. I haven't personally seen anything out of the ordinary yet for a generic sysadmin/developer/hacker/internet freedom fighter character. As far as I can see, shadows being the other one. Depending on the time of day / position of the sun of course, so it should be easy enough to rule that one out. I'd like to see the price change for a more renewable foodstuff. IIRC the US is pretty famous for having enormous amounts of corn - how did the store price for that change over time? Or perhaps even more relevant to the US (due to an apparent lack of availability thereof): fresh produce / vegetables. and you need to pay for a new $70 license to be able to use it. Yeah I dunno either why this dude is doing a paid beta. I dunno, I doubt the users will care much about how it looks and more about how it performs. Besides, the trash can look goes well with where you can put it, i.e. on the floor, next to the trash can, ;D. Please complain. Complain loudly. Flip tables and announce "I CAN'T WORK WITH THIS SHIT". Or just shell out $60 (or whatever) for an 8 or 16 GB memory kit yourself. Feel free to produce a competitively priced, comparatively specced workstation in a similar form factor. [/obligatory reply] Likewise, unlike banks, there is no legal system in place or organizations that assess companies like this and determine whether their transactions complete and such. The downside of the Bitcoin market, pretty much. The real question is whether you want to invest the time needed to create a fallback for those users. Websites that use the new CSS things as a primary thing (like this presentation) won't work, but sites where the newfangled CSS things are used just as embellishment - dropdowns, sliding menus, spinners, you name it - will remain functional, just not as pretty. tl;dr graceful degradation / enhancement. And yet, the cynic in me will go 'Yeah, everyone will turn into a good guy / philanthropist if he's so rich he doesn't have to worry about anything, ever'. I'd say KeePass, but that last bit (OSX and Windows) is what eventually made me turn to 1password, :/. Just shows how risky putting your money into coinbase is; no safety net if they decide to pull the plug. Not until bitcoin is considered legal tender and coinbase gets a bank audit and becomes part of insurance policies to recompensate people if they did end up going bankrupt. Looks like it's getting a bit more views than it was built for, :p. Actually pretty sure these are all images taken from a blog posted earlier on HN. edit: Chaz pointed the original out. Well, his interpretation of the numbers is rather off, I'm afraid. Mostly due to the language categoriziation; Bootstrap, Node, Zurb Foundation and Adobe Brackets aren't Javascript projects, for example. Pretty sure we'd start associating bleeping domed bipeds (and from time to time tripeds) with fear and death as soon as they arm them and start shooting people. And teletubbies have always been terrifying. > A subtly weakened or defective part from a big mill like the NV5000 might find its way into a vehicle or a high-speed machine, with disastrous consequences. Which is why - at least according to those awesome TV shows - parts in high-end vehicles and machines are checked via precise 3D measuring instruments as part of the quality control process. Just pointing that out. Pretty sure few companies fully trust CNC machines to deliver perfect results all the time. Yeah that sounds like a valid reason, too. These things work with millimeter accuracy; jolt them and the accuracy may be off. Position them just slightly off-level and they might be off. Well from what I've seen, the online version has no ads, while I'm sure the print version does; that'd compensate for the difference in price. They could reduce the online price if they plastered it with ads, but then, people would complain even more because they're paying for a site with ads (???) (and they don't complain about a newspaper with ads because they know it reduces the price). tl;dr: you pay for content without ads, instead of a disposable paper version with ads. idk, what I'm reading in this article is that it's basically going back in time, i.e. before 1984 where the rich could afford having gated communities. I'm not sure they actually do. What people see is a virtual commodity that seems to be worth a lot of non-virtual money when bought low and sold high. Well if you get that many notifications, I'd just start ignoring them / turning them off. Too much noise, too much distraction. Plus, it's probably not important / something one needs to respond immediately to. He does indicate the user gives the OK to 'access all data on all websites' - like most extensions do, come to think of it. I do think things like that should be more fine-grained, and/or that developers have to indicate /why/ they need that access. Pretty much, yeah. The 'access all data on all websites' permission basically gives the extension access to injecting Javascript in all of your pages, which gives the extension full access to the DOM, and thus access to password and credit card fields. I heard from a friend that what.cd and similar torrent sites like that have been under heavy ddos attacks for a while now. I guess part of "geek culture" is having been the uncool guy in school, having been pointed at and laughed at, getting bullied, being an outsider, andsoforth. A comedy show where outsiders are being pointed and laughed at will often bring those experiences back, and really isn't helping. I would say "Have you tried turning it off and on again" accurately represents 90% of IT service calls, :p. wow IDK, there was an alarming comment on the doge community page that this particular system would soon have a block chain that would be too large to contain on anyone's computer if the transaction volume keeps up. Could be someone (or many people) just spamming transactions for the lulz to make dogecoin unfeasible to keep. Could also be a subtle hint that the language in question (Java, Maven/XML) are too verbose. I mean, for dependencies and the like there's alternatives (for Java & co) in Gradle and SBT, or the very simple NPM and Bower formats; for build tools, see the same (and Grunt). There's no real benefit (anymore) to use XML for that kind of configuration. Same with Java. Functional programming makes for much more expressive iteration than the iterator / for-loop pattern does, and it's much less verbose (think list.map(doSomething)). Pretty much this. The interest rates on both sides seem just thought up on the spot to prove his own point. Second, if I were to buy a house, I'd first go to my bank to check what kinda mortgage I could get, see how much that would cost me a month, and only then find a house. Third, can't really compare rental homes with bought homes around here (netherlands); rentals are usually apartments and the like, while bought houses are... well, real houses. Fourth, you get more house for the same amount, or pay less in mortgage/interest when you buy a house. I choose to rent for now, because the main advantage over renting vs buying is flexibility. I can give my landlady a one month notice and I'm outta here. Not so with buying a house; you've got to sell it, and hope that you can use that money to pay off your mortgage, or whatever. You're pretty much stuck on a 25-30 year mortgage if you get one. I'm a high-end coder working as a consultant for a major international bank (etc etc etc), and your assertions / sweeping generalisations about coders are wrong; first, not all of us are weirdos; most are married or dating, and we work regular 9 - 5:30 days (with some flexibility). Definitely not a mine (although I wouldn't mind a bit more natural light, but then, office buildings). If it was a 'terrible way to be', I wouldn't be working here; I like my job. Also, if they try to lure me in with bouncy toys, I'll tell 'em to fuck right off - that probably means the other working conditions, pay, etc are shit. Nothing wrong with traditional classrooms and teachers for those, tbh. I dunno about 1; in a similar line, you'd have to teach them electronics, farming, carpentry, household, and how to get unemployment benefits. But I'm in favor of teaching kids all of the above though. Judging by some of my colleagues / the people I've worked with, intellect isn't a prerequisite for getting into the tech industry either :p. Any kind of label is imho somehting to be avoided. Hacker / developer / programmer, but also things like nerd/geek for that matter. Few of my colleagues here would be put into the latter categories if you met them on the street. Probably offtopic and inane, but, using the term 'girl' implies children/teenagers or other immature women; can people just use 'women' instead? Will help with getting taken serious and such. Haha, you wish; more likely prices will go up because petrol stations complain about not selling as much gas anymore, so they have to raise the prices to compensate. There is no such thing as decreasing gas prices. Oi I've been using it for years; I feel insulted by your insinuation! (exaggerated sarcasm) tl;dr: * Dude brings a camera to a movie theater, which is illegal and tbh a dumb move * Exaggerated response from some legal body excessively funded / lobbied by the movie industry Would it be possible / beneficial / desirable to add something like this to Angular? > When will we have a stack (with a WebGL backend or something) that replaces the browser's rendering from the ground up and achieves better efficiency? Actually, if I understand it correctly, famo.us does this / tries to does it. For the past couple of years, actually; it could be a hoax by now. IIRC, they want to make things public somewhere this year. It's just a tech demo so far though, which has already been recreated with three.js Well, the alternative is working for days / weeks on a feature that the end-user may not even use (is the message I'm getting from this article). Being able to create and alter a feature quickly is important in an agile environment. This, pretty much. I have a friend who had to change her (legal) name due to a stalker, and consequently never uses it anywhere online (she uses an alias on facebook). I get that regularly with the stock keyboard; a design flaw, imho. It /is/ a real gaming platform, and companies like King.com make a killing off of the platform(s); not in the traditional sense of the word like the AAA games of PC and consoles, but in a novel fashion with addictive games, microtransactions and buying ratings and downloads for promotional purposes. And it's a very real gaming platform for the millions of people that play and enjoy casual games like Angry Birds and Candy Crush. No it probably won't apply to people that were into gaming before it was mainstream, or to gamers that look for something with a bit more content, but for a lot of people it's awesome. Or addictive. Or both. Starting to show support? It's been going on for years now, at least during the xbox 360 and PS3; maybe even earlier. Microsoft just hands out XNA devkits for indie developers and lets them have a go. I don't get your (or anyone's) qualm with the phrase 'bro'. As a foreigner that mainly knows American culture from TV, both 'bro' and 'man' are things hippies use in phrases. I'm building software for a specific part of a large bank (I'm being intentionally vague), but since I don't deal in said area of said bank (only have a checkings/savings account, and at a different bank to boot), I don't really use it. I probably should, though; working with mock data served from localhost (or artificially delaying it (it's a mobile webapp)) instead of a real crappy 3g connection just isn't the same. Especially after a logo redesign and they need to get rid of old stock, :p Alternatively, does code.jquery.com offer any kind of uptime guarantee? Big companies would rather rely on their own hosting / CDN than that of jquery, I'm sure. Because often 'static language' is used in place of 'Java'; pretty sure those languages are much more succinct and readable than Java is, thus they're not as likely to become 'large' codebases. I'm probably wrong though. Whenever I recall programming in Java though, I remember highly verbose, boilerplate-ridden codebases, and bits of code that are little more than abstractions for bits of code underneath them (with unit tests alongside them that test bit of code A calls functions B and C, which of course has no value whatsoever). Nowadays I do Javascript, much better. Today I frowned upon a colleague who is used to Objective-C who proposed writing documentation. Pfff. The problem with many permission systems, such as this one, is that the developer of an app can't indicate to the user /why/ it needs a certain permission. Second, that the user cannot allow/disallow the permission at the time of installation, and that the app / app developer can then indicate, like in this case, that automatic two-factor authentication won't work. Which is fine. tl;dr: Android's permission system does not allow for transparency from the developers. It makes the app developers look like douchebags going 'I WANT TO READ ALL YOUR TEXTS', instead of a 'I'd like to make things a little easier for you by automatically intercepting two-factor authentication texts'. If used appropriately indeed. Chrome is a relatively safe thing to auto-update, since they have a very good QC process and most PCs have a fallback browser if things do go bad (which afaik hasn't happened yet). Compare with for example auto-updating virus scanners, which in more than one occasion marked a critical system file as a virus and made people's computers unable to boot up. Caused a lot of damage. This is why the people responsible (i.e. commanding officers, if the war crime was under orders) are tried, and the people committing them have to deal with processing it. I'd be inclined to believe you'd be more likely to end up flying a Titan if you were to invest the training time into it, given that the larger corporations have hundreds, if not thousands of Titans lying around. Your WoW comparison is apt in that respect, Titans aren't exactly commonplace, but there's plenty more of those around than there were 'back in the day'. Large fleet battles in a nutshell, yeah. That's the downside of allowing >2000-man fights, both the server and the clients have a lot of trouble displaying all of it, and an up-close view is pretty much useless. I wouldn't be surprised if CCP introduces a 'headless' client that just shows the overview without the 3D view and the brackets overlays for instances like this. IIRC they did publish subscribed player statistics a while ago, I think the number then was around 500.000. Usually there's around 50.000 players online during my playing hours. As for the conversion, whether it comes from real money or not is debatable, but given that PLEX is pretty much the measure for real world vs ISK value, a conversion is easily made - just like for example Bitcoin is often converted to USD in articles. Yeah, this pretty much. A misconception when one looks at the game from outside is that "bigger = better", i.e. a Titan is the best ship in the game and one should strive towards it, just like someone should strive to the max level in WoW or any other MMO because that is the goal of the game. Not so in eve. Usually, big ships can't hit smaller ships, or do effective damage. A Titan on its own is pretty useless, and it needs a support fleet of all kinds of ships to be effective (or survive). This trickles down the ship class tree, all the way down to the lowly Frigate-sized ships, which cost a thousandth of what a titan cost, or even less. Eve has prettier graphics than Dwarf Fortress, though, :p I don't know, I like to think Eve has two skill trees, two progression levels. On the one side you have the in-game skills, spaceship command and weapon skills, that kinda thing. But those only get you so far; the other skills are ones you acquire IRL, things like fleet command, logistics, communications skills, organizational skills, etcetera. Those can be used or applied IRL. I like to think. Also, playing video games or other kinds of entertainment has a role in life. Sure, that energy could be applied to other, greater goods, but the fact of the matter is, nearly nobody has that kind of infinite energy supply, that kind of motivation, etc. There's a few that seem to do, which turn into people's role models - but those are the outliers. You can strive to be like those, but in reality, you'll just burn yourself out. Relaxation has its role in life. Always has, too; sure, cavemen could be out hunting more food instead of sit around in their caves sharing stories of their ancestors, but they didn't. To name a random example. Fun fact: intelligence agencies actually got funding to infiltrate into MMO's because there might be terrorist communications in there. Or something. http://edition.cnn.com/2013/12/09/tech/web/nsa-spying-video-... Eve is a valid subject for an economics research though. It'll be doubly fun if you can join up with a large corporation and engage in market schemes; pump & dump, blocking supplies / trade routes, social engineering, or doing your own ponzi scheme. The good part is that none of these are illegal in Eve, so, knock yourself out. Worse, $136 for more than 275 commits (= about $0.50 per commit), which is not that much. Plus most of Linus' commits are (iirc) merge commits, given how that's what he usually does. I disagree on the comparison, tbh. Headphones is a purely personal experience; when you see it, you know that person is enjoying some private time, isolating himself from the busy / noisy outside world, or just being a douche. They don't cause uproar because, even if they look silly or make you look silly or like an audiophile (depending on make and model), it's something they do for themselves. Wearing Glass, on the other hand, is pretty much saying "I AM GOING TO RECORD ALL THE THINGS!". Actually, nevermind; if Glass did not have a camera but was just a heads-up display of sorts, nobody would care. All of the controversy surrounding Glass is about the camera, not about what the original concept was, a heads-up display. tl;dr: the comparison makes if Glass was just a heads-up display for personal information purposes, but it doesn't because it has a camera. Picture headphones with a camera. And yet, pages / applications like this using a lot of CPU should be plenty of incentive and test cases for both web developers and browser developers to optimize their respective applications. Like how 3DMark and high-end video games like (at the time) Crysis push the GPU manufacturers and driver programmers to achieve more performance in those respective applications for its PR value. '50% less CPU usage on the Facebook Paper page' is a nice line in a browser's changelog. I have an anecdote for that. I work at a bank and in the past two years we've built a front-end for investment banking using BackboneJS and some other frameworks. This application has close to 200 views, 26 routers, and probably 200-300 models/collections, totaling at about 30K lines of front-end code. You really have to use RequireJS or Browserify for a project of that scale, or even for any non-trivial project. New projects (and the one I'm working on atm) are built in AngularJS, which has a built-in dependency system. We're not going to use RequireJS as a script loader anymore; in practice, it'll just load all the files on application load, which doesn't really add anything. I like Angular's simple approach of just loading a bunch of scripts using script tags. The existing application is going to get rewritten in Angular too, it's expected that it'll need a lot less code. TBH, this problem /was/ solved a century ago, if not longer, how do you think your grandparents (or their parents) did their laundry? First you had bashing clothes against rocks, then you got washboards, then you got hand-cranked washing machines. Not as clever as leg-powered washing machines, though, but then I'm sure we would be using those by now if it wasn't for electricity. Basically, jamming communications between internet terrorists / freedom fighters (depending on your stance on the matter) It's more of a play on 'juvenile behavior', as in, Anonymous DDOSes whoever they don't agree with under the pretense of 'FREEDOM!11ONE' or whatever. Speaking of low. It kinda depends on statistics; I'd like to see some figures about CDN cache hits like that. I know the theory is sound, but I also gathered that one usually only gets 20% cache hits on websites with caching enabled. or something. No it's not; it's a Dogecoin app, in the app store, so the title is accurate. Sure, it may need a clarification that it's a read-only app, but still. That's mostly because there not being any restrictions on health care pricings (as far as I know); the insurance companies don't pressure hospitals to keep costs manageable, the government doesn't prevent health care institutions from charging widely different prices, and nobody stops pharmacy companies from charging exorbitant prices for medication. But this game's concept has been around since forever already, also on other app store titles, so... idk. There's a lot of laws like this that don't get enforced as much as 'law' would imply. Another example is the ban on smoking in workplaces to protect the employees; in the Netherlands, a couple of years ago, this law was implemented, meaning that smoking was effectively banned from bars and pubs as well. Outrage ensued from all sides. Two 'workarounds' were created: * People just donate to the pub owner to pay the fines if the inspector came around * Certain bars had no personnel, just the owner; ergo, no personnel, so no requirement to create a smoke-free environment for personnel, so, smoke away. Others are things like speeding (everyone does it, gets a fine on rare occasions, only the extreme ones get their license impounded), downloading music/software, etc. idk, I think I'd laugh all the way to the bank. I put it up on my community site as well, and to be fair... the response was underwhelming. A few people found the site ending up being unusable (on mobile), others found it annoying, and others thought their computer or the website had been hacked / infected with malware. So yeah, on the one side, the big players didn't participate; on the other, the banner was ineffective or confusing for a lot of people, and finally, a lot of people simply either didn't get the message or simply didn't care. You know what happens when people do care? Open revolt, violent protesting, revolution. See also: middle-east. Whose people are a lot more emotional / angry than western countries are, and more inclined to take affirmative action for what they stand for. In the case of the US, this should be the gross violations of the constitution's amendments, and the lack of action from the higher legal courts to stop it in its tracks. That's when the amendment of the right to bear arms kicks in, allowing the people to overthrow their own government. In theory, anyway. I don't want to seem insensitive, but... Hi I'm your boss, you're fired, give me your laptop, pick up your shit, security is going to escort you out the building. Cause no trouble. Just an interpretation to what's going on there. I grew up on that stuff; I didn't like the unhomogenized part personally. Does your local grocery store sell porn? Just saying, it's a company's store, if they want to have some sense of morale (and tbf, quality), it's their right to deny porn apps. Given how it's (self-admitted) just two webviews and push notifications, a port should take just a week (if that) to build. Well, I've got the same idea about people who acknowledge every bleep and buzz their phone gives. I'd say it's the same thing, and notifications on the thing can be acknowledged or ignored. The second argument he's raising is that the novelty and thus the daily use has worn off. What I gathered from the first users of Glass who said it was amazing... was also that they were the center of attention all day long, people interested in them and the device, wanting to touch it, etc. If that novelty's worn off, or if people get tired of the attention, I can imagine it's not that great a device anymore. There's a notable difference between writing a book and publishing an announcement that you're going to go on a killing spree. The former is relatively benign, the latter has far too often been done right before a killing spree. The former is done over time, in relative peace; the latter is done in the spur of the moment. It's like writing the Anarchist's Cookbook about how to make a bomb, and writing a tweet about how you're going to plant a bomb in Boston in a couple minutes. The latter is a direct threat and requires immediate action. Most of the time, it's too late even for that. Personally, this dude should've known better and restrain his impulsive internet lulz behavior. Isn't it MtGox? Not 'mount Gox', sillies. globalStore? Ewwwww. As the jQuery documentation states on $.when [1], the .then() callback function will be called with a number of arguments equal to those passed to $.when(), ergo in this example: .then(function(html, css, feature) {}); Which avoids the need for a global / shared object. If you need access to these resources outside of this one callback, prefer to pass the promise object itself around; promises allow multiple 'then's to be added, either before or after the promise resolves. I'm working on a blog post about promises and related patterns (in the context / implementation of Angular, but they're equally valid for jQuery or other promise implementations), I'll post it on HN hopefully somewhere this weekend or early next week. [1] https://api.jquery.com/jQuery.when/ You mean taking breaks from work like every profession ever does / requires of its employees? I don't know where this 'being chained to the keyboard all day' mentality came from, even if I experience and have seen it a lot in the industry. Take breaks; in a lot of countries, the law or health & safety regulations even make it obligatory. And don't feel guilty over it. Productivity isn't something that can be forced; there's some good books out there on the subject. The 'grueling work' you described (and likewise) remind me of Stephen Covey's quadrants [1] (and similar); being in one quadrant (grueling work being 'urgent but not important') too much will cause someone to go to another for escape (not important, non-urgent tasks; distractions). It's important to find a balance there, for both personal planning and if you're a resource planner / project manager / scrum master / whatever http://sidsavara.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/01/merrillcovey... I agree; what I personally wonder is why Underscore and similar libraries don't make use of Javascript's prototype business and add methods to the array and object prototypes? Probably things I'm overlooking here, but, [1, 2, 3].map(stuff) is much nicer than _.map([1, 2, 3], stuff) and the like. What I'm mostly seeing here is a lot of 'small' projects, hobby things - what I think the OP needs is a project. Work with a team on a product or project, and stick with it for a couple years. Work with a single project / codebase for months on end, instead of the one-off things done so far. That kinda thing. Convoluted comparison, but, you can teach a man to fish, but unless he goes to fish it won't lead to anything. Which is funny because (according to random citation needed sources), gas-powered cars have electrical failures and resulting fires quite a lot compared to Teslas. Car drove by my house way back when, smoking rather alarmingly. Stopped a few dozen meters further on, fire from under the hood, firefighters dropping by to extinguish it. Adventures in one's youth. No clue what caused it; probably a short circuit, and given how there's oil and gasoline everywhere, it kinda keeps going. I... think it's kinda weird, yelling for 'anti trust regulation' when you're blocking ads / denying people their income. > 3. Slow, complex build tools Slow... depends on what you're used to; I've worked with Java / Maven and such, and one step worse, Scala; if you want slow, go for those. Complex. The author links to a certain gruntfile[0] as an example of a large, unmaintainable gruntfile, but apparently people forget that a gruntfile is just a Javascript / NodeJS file, and thus can be broken up into more manageable chunks - like any code[1]. Alternatively, there's newer, less config, more code build tools like Gulp.js[2]. #4 is also no longer valid; Angular's Protractor[3] wraps around Selenium etc and deals with angular's asynchronous behaviour, as long as you stay within angular's framework. And #5 is to be blamed on the developer for not having attention to performance / total load times, not the framework. I'm defensive, but then, I don't have a public-facing app. [0] https://github.com/ngbp/ngbp/blob/v0.3.1-release/Gruntfile.j... [1] http://www.thomasboyt.com/2013/09/01/maintainable-grunt.html [2] http://gulpjs.com/ [3] https://github.com/angular/protractor Sounds like perfect timing to me These 'bills' do have a nice physical feel to them, though. Like bars of gold. It's not as fleeting as digital money. I can see it being used as a means of restricting your budget; after all, most digital money can be spent until it's gone. Adding a boundary like having to go to a conversion point (digital to cash) to get your daily or weekly budget may lead to less spending. Maybe if you could install it locally / if it supports the file API without having to upload it to the server. I would like to see a 'pure' client-side implementation, though. > Where is the public listing of WebGL games that you can quickly browse and start playing? https://chrome.google.com/webstore So why again isn't this personal information transferred over HTTPS? Secure connections should be enabled by default for every webservice or API, ever. For starters. I used to fly flight sim games. Takeoff is simple: * FULL THROTTLE * AFTER BURNER ON * PULL BACK ON STICK * AAAAAAaaaAAAaa Because the serving industry is a huge job market in the US. I was at a random restaurant / diner having breakfast, which in the Netherlands would have maybe one or two serving personnel running around - wasn't particularly large, maybe 30-40 seats. They had five or six people running around. I have to add though, the serving and attention to customers was much better than over here. You're frequently out of drink in restaurants/bars over here, and the serving personnel doesn't seem to have the time or will to take care of that. Which is a missed sale, of course; over the course of an evening out, that adds up to 1-2 lost drink sales. And also because a lot of people just can't get a job in the area they want. I know of a lot of people online that went for a degree in game design, but the jobs just aren't there. If they do get a job in the game industry, it's often as tester - bottom of the ladder. I think I can live without scrolling, but what I found most irritating when trying tmux is selecting / copying / pasting things. ATM I use iterm with split panes and a 'quake-style' dropdown terminal; tbh it works well enough for me. I can't read this code at all, but, does this code basically contain the same code twice, so if something from the first half is removed the second half saves it? I IP-banned Chinese search engine crawlers (yandex, baidu etc) because they did not respect the crawl-delay instruction in my robots.txt, causing my low-end crappy php server running vbulletin to bork out. Basically, their bots are too aggressive. I have 80, but then, I like my font size a few points bigger. I had it for a couple days, fun times having a cold while in an airplane, :p. Turning my head sideways and shaking fixed it. As for the unease with noises, I guess it's understandable; one, the people that don't mind are probably used to it. Two, if you haven't been able to hear for a while, your hearing will get sharper and it'll have much more of an impact. Three, I too get uneasy when having to listen to busy train stations and the like. I usually wear earbuds (with music) for that reason. And get stressed / uneasy whenever those don't work. Likewise; we started building a BackboneJS app two years ago; in the meantime, I'm rebuilding it in Angular for mobile devices, while the main development is going to port the big app to Angular too. Fun fact: Angular is older than Backbone (first commit to angular was four years ago). It kept being installed on millions of consumer PC's despite there being no practical reason to anymore, resulting in millions of malware-infected PC's. :p Would its plugin / scripting library even be allowed? I don't know the specifics of the OSX app store rules. > (Can you imagine US citizens today being forced to fight overseas?) Erm, yes? They're also called 'soldiers', they volunteer to go into the army and kill people for money. > tho I suppose that is a problem that didnt exist until bitcoin became popular. Sure it did. Cash money. Exact same problems. > assuming all of HN only knows english And to have someone else look at your diffs and sign off on them before it's merged into master. Google / Chrome does this, and so should everyone else, even more so if they're dealing with security. But hey, unregulated trading / currency, amirite? Freedom!1one! Fuk da bankz11!1 > Sometimes I wish data privacy laws were stricter I think the laws and awareness are good enough atm, but no laws and probably no amount of knowledge or auditing will stop a data leak from indadvertedly occurring. Personally, I'd extract it into its own .sql file; if your query is complex, it should be treated as code. I wonder: would playing Papers, Please for 8 hours a day for a couple of years (while getting paid for it) be an enjoyable experience? :p It is, but that also means a Node application will not use all four cores of a quadcore efficiently by default. I think the usual approach in that case is to just rev up four node processes with a load balancer of sorts in front of it. this is why I sleep behind my desk, gives me 16 hours of spare time a day I can spend on running with my imaginary dog and such. And to use paper money (USD, EUR, etc), which are much more stable in their value than BTC and the like are. 5. ????? 6. PROFIT Were those everyones by chance people who owned or had an interest in a bitcoin bank? > To be fair, most of them are under NDA and under a time crunch. Notable exception being of course ID / Carmack, who open source their engine after a number of years. Compare Maven / Ant / Gradle for the Java world, instead of builds configured in the IDE; said IDE's often have a GUI component for major build configuration files. I wouldn't mind a GUI for Grunt configs, without sensible code refactoring, those can be a bitch to maintain. Image recognition, body composition calculations, physical strength calculations based on those, power stance rating, combine into power level? Sounds like a good app. > No data from the network is logged Nowadays it shouldn't, no, but Google's had some lawsuits where their Streetview cars accidentally scooped up random bits of data crossing over the wifi lines. This measure was added afterwards, iirc.