"Setting up/using version control wasn't worth the frustration and time." I think the onslaught of very usable distributed source control systems with cheap and easy local repositories should make this a non-issue. I wish I had known about hg or git when I was in school - a simple repository per class/project would have alleviated a few pain points that weren't severe enough to be worth with the hassle of setting up a subversion repository. Can you use it to pay by credit card and split bills in complicated ways? To me, that is by far the larger annoyance than menus and ordering from waitstaff. It isn't really about slinging text faster, it is about editing code faster, freeing up more cycles for thinking. A great editor experience, whatever that means for you, can certainly help you write better software, and can give you more time to think about those harder problems. It reminds me of that tired old adage that you spend a third of your life asleep so you should have a comfy bed - you spend a lot of time in your editor, so it should be comfy. This isn't an argument for emacs or any other specific editor, but against the idea that your editor is a commodity not worth consideration. Awesome quote, never heard that before, I'm sure my brain will be in use thinking about it for awhile (how meta!). I think the key here is the difference between passive and active reading. It seems like reading passively is the default for most people, probably because it can be so darn enjoyable, but training yourself to read actively can result in even more enjoyment but, more significantly, will result in expanded brain use. Text is just a series of questions awaiting your own individual answers. I'm sympathetic to the idea of a goal-driven life and higher education as merely a means towards achieving those goals. But the fact of the matter is that goals are hard. Hard to achieve, surely, if ambitious enough, but more importantly, hard to conceive and define. The belief that action shouldn't be taken until a goal for that action is defined can be overwhelming and petrifying. Moving to an environment where many smart people are thinking about many hard problems can certainly be a worthwhile step towards the definition of goals, and should not be self-limited to people who already know what they want to be when they grow up. Meh, this is a straw-man. Conventionally rejecting overridden -> and () operators is a very long reach from ending up back at C. Disallowing operator overriding in general (as opposed to specific operators), namespaces, and classes would be much closer, and it still wouldn't be all that close to C (reinterpret_cast, templates...) There is a goodly sized amount of gray area between the two. Or did you mean your "things like that" to be much broader than my interpretation? Very interesting, I have lived in Boulder for years and can attest that it is a wonderful area (not just Boulder the entire Denver/Boulder/Colorado Springs front range is beautiful) that is noticeably growing. It is also palpable, just anecdotally, that people who talk about moving almost entirely talk about northern California, Portland, and Seattle. If not the northwest, then Austin. Very cool to see these anecdotes confirmed by statistics. Could you list some reasons why you wouldn't want to write a machine learning algorithm in Javascript, or a write storage engine nor a ...? Lack of libraries? Too high level? Or do you not like the syntax/semantics/...? I thought this thread might benefit from my response as a self-admitted shiny-thing-chaser. Your Prada coat analogy is fairly silly, as I'm sure you are aware. First of all, when it comes to programming languages/frameworks, both the new-hawtness Prada and the "old fashioned" raincoat tend to be free, so there is no financial rationality argument to be made. Even if you (correctly) account time-to-learn as a type of cost, that cost is roughly equivalent to the time it took to learn the alternative you already know. I think a better analogy would be an old raincoat versus a new, similarly priced raincoat. Perhaps the new raincoat doesn't actually cover you properly from the rain though; unfortunately programming languages and tools are a lot more difficult to analyze than raincoats. Do we agree, at least, that some chasing of shiny things has been very beneficial to our field? That our current crop of languages are better raincoats than architecture specific assembly language? That assembly language was itself a better raincoat than machine language? If you will stipulate this, then is it your position that we have reached the pinnacle? That no more advances in productivity or correctness can be made? If this is your belief, then OK, that's fine, you are entitled to it, but I do not believe such a pinnacle even exists, much less that we have made it there. And if we indeed have not reached the pinnacle, then we need people who are early adopters, who are willing to try out and write for technologies that are immature and untested. Maybe most or all of them fail to be even as good as what we already have, and the whole thrust turns out to be fruitless, but with no thrust at all, success is not even a possibility. Everything old was once new, and all the old-fashioned technology once had early adopters being made fun of for their impracticality. Plus, learning new things is a great way to improve as a programmer and it's a lot more fun; all that other stuff is just incidental. I have a Kindle, and while I think it's a great device and that E-ink is a big win over back-lit monitors for prolonged reading, I use it a minuscule amount compared with dead-tree reading. It just doesn't feel right, especially for fiction. I would note that you can make notes and copying quotes is actually practical (although an argument can be made for hand-copying sections that you really want to sink in). All in all I think it will be awhile before I trade in the bookshelves. Interesting, I see this completely opposite from you. I spend all day looking at a lit screen and can hardly stand the idea of settling down to read a book on way in my leisure time. E-ink isn't as good as real paper, but it is far better than a computer screen in my opinion. I wish I knew someone who reads a similar amount as I do and touts the pleasures of iPad reading, so that we could discuss it, but I don't know any such person. In the NFL there is generally at least one hold on every play that goes uncalled. Far from offending our sense of fair play, we accept it as part of the game. Basketball is actually strategically centered around fouling and drawing fouls, charging players under the hoop and assuming their feet aren't set, which they usually aren't. These are perfectly accepted aspects of the sport. I hate the diving in soccer, but the push and pull of what the referee will allow you to get away with is a large part of every sport. I was hoping someone would mention ReadyTalk - I worked there a few years ago and can attest that they are very focused on user experience and personalized support and training, and have been building a really strong webinar offering. Give them a shot! As an earlier poster pointed out, GMail's non-js app is a totally different app, and let's be honest, it's a giant pain to use compared to the js version, and for most people it wouldn't have been worth the expenditure to make. GMail wouldn't have caught on if it were just the pure HTML version. Degradation is nothing but a nice-to-have for an app like that. Interesting about objects in javascript. I have actually started feeling that prototype-based object orientation is less tacked on than its class-based cousin. The syntactical implementation is a bit strange (the 'function' keyword for objects, putting functions on the prototype object rather than the object itself), but the mechanism itself seems more generic and flexible. The implementation in Io is better I think, you should check that out before discounting prototype-based object systems outright. Out of curiosity, why wouldn't you? We don't think twice about Google docs being a good idea, or a thousand other things that were once thought to be purely desktop applications, why should coding be any different? I think it's very striking how few good editors there are on the web, and no real IDEs (that I know of). This is something node.js has done very well. Anyone with basic javascript experience (and really, isn't that everyone?) can go from zero to fast, functional web server in 2 minutes. Then hit github and figure out which simple web framework to play with (the fragmentation is either a problem or benefit depending on your view) and voila, another 5 minutes later, a full, integrated, single language web stack. Very good for noobs. This strikes me as very poignant, and makes me wonder about how we form our networks. Why is it that the wealthy know the wealthy and the poor know the poor? Is it usually as simple as the existing networks of your parents that you are born into and then expand upon? Is it school, either college or high school or those who drop out of high school becoming your network depending on how far you go? Is it the who you work with? Is it out and out classist snobbery? Probably all of these things and more wrapped up in one... Hmmm, assuming since you posted an Ask HN that you read HN comments, it's difficult to believe you haven't seen lots of people talking about the usual subjects (at the moment) - node.js (javascript is the language), clojure, haskell, OCaml, scala, erlang. All of these will give you a new perspective coming from the three you mention, the first two are probably the most web-focused (though perhaps people will disagree with that?). Also, plus one for smalltalk/seaside, and minus one for python, which isn't mind-bending enough coming from Ruby in my opinion. Thanks for sating my curiosity! Some interesting points. 1. Not sure I agree here, I'd have to see some benchmarks of similar types of operations in local editors and javascript, but I think it should be roughly equivalent to, say, Eclipse's java-driven interface. 2. I think this is a good point, but I wonder what it is they don't yet have. "Can make really great editors in them" is a pretty vague requirement. 3. I personally think this is historical baggage. There is no reason the server hosting the editor (or another server communicated with that server) could not host your files. Hell, most open source projects are already done this way, hosted on github/sourceforge/etc. - downloading the project locally would be an unnecessary step if the code-hosters offered solid editing options. 4. This is probably the main point, to me. It's not enough to just edit through the web, because there are too many other things you need to do as well, which are even more difficult to detach from a local machine. +1 - My playflow at the moment is to follow the HN rss in google reader, open the comments in one tab and the article in another, because the comments here tend to be way more interesting than the comments there. Re: the comment about Disqus, I wonder if there is an integration of some sort to be had - Disqus really, really rocks, but the community on HN is better and more established than the commenters on any given blog. Very possibly it has - there is no way to know the answer to this kind of what-if, because you either have one or you have the other, you can't let the two alternatives compete with each other over the same time scale and then measure the outcomes. Very similar to the question of whether software patents help or hurt software innovation. There has been innovation in engineering with the PE system in place, and there has been innovation in software with the patent system in place, but there is no way to know if there would have been more or less over the same time period without those controls. Hmmm, seems like the appropriate role model to take from this may be "mass production". Perhaps that is the right and proper end game for any craft. But I tend to think that computers can't take all our jobs in this society, because once computers are fully capable of programming themselves our society will cease to exist in its present form. Just depends on how you define "success" (although I think being acquired and gutted by Oracle is outside anyone's definition). I'm sorry, I don't think this is the place for a thread that will inevitably devolve into tit-for-tat politics, but I really have trouble stomaching the commentary that the EPA should have less regulatory power over industry when proof of the big-picture bankruptcy of environmental deregulation is current gushing into the gulf at a few tens of thousands of barrels a day. Yes, it raises costs to force industries to comply with environmental protection standards. Yes, this is bad for the short-term of our economy. But we will continue to suffer the consequences of the environmental harm we do, even at the current regulatory levels, and more so with "a muzzle on the EPA". Seems to me as if Facebook used PHP for the small thing running yesterday aspect - since they've gotten big they've had to switch to different tools. "I carefully choose php for all of my projects because it's better than all of the alternatives. I know I'm not alone in my thinking." I often hear 'more practical', but rarely 'better', would you care to describe what features work better for you than what the alternatives offer? Those aren't problems with Java, they are (respectively) something that isn't important in many cases (and not even always true), something that is really only bothersome for short-running scripts, and a severe annoyance that can nonetheless be overcome fairly easily. There are plenty of reasons for a Lisp, or any language for that matter, to use it - a highly developed GC and JIT compilation capability that you don't have to write and maintain yourself not least among them. And the massive array of existing libraries that already run on the platform is not a negligible benefit in the least. Great comment, I'll be thinking about whether it should be "whom" or "which" for days now. I totally get this argument. I also think it's an old-dog-new-tricks problem more than anything else. Things like "foreach", "in", "myset[c]" are part of our existing vocabulary and things like "let", "partition-by", "identity", "map", "juxt" are not (and also, "wtf are first, count, and second..?" is pretty dramatic if you ask me - these are just what they sound like and not at all confusing). You have to learn a new vocabulary to be effective in these languages - maybe the size of the vocabulary is bigger, or the scope of each "word" is larger, but we deal with abstraction all the time; you have to trust that a method or a syntax feature does what the documentation says it does (or read the code for it yourself) regardless of the language. You are not the poster who said "casting malloc's return is evil", so perhaps you don't agree with that statement, but I don't see how either of the points you make lead to the conclusion that it is "evil". You say that since void* is implicitly cast to all pointer types, you never need to explicitly cast it, but why would that make an explicit cast evil? Also reminds me of the fantasy game in Ender's game. Of course that thing eventually turned into a universe-spanning uber-being, so maybe it's not such a good idea... 1. I read that more as customizing in userland than in the kernel, but I don't know what the original poster's intention was. I personally find it easier to configure a Linux machine than a Windows machine, but I think it comes down to familiarity and subjective preference a lot more than anything else. Not a built in solution for this, but have you seen lamson - http://lamsonproject.org/ ? Handle emails with python - would be trivial to simply post their contents to a url. How do you solve this problem for those of us in Colorado (or other non-flatlands) where nearly every drive involves mountains and hills. Would the idea be that in the dead zone, the car is smart enough to increase or decrease horsepower to adapt to these conditions and retain 0 acceleration or...? I think you would run into the same problem that cruise control runs into in the mountains - we don't have variable ratio transmissions, so at some point going up a hill it has to shift down a rev in order to stay the same speed. Doesn't work very well. SMS and phone calls don't broadcast, that is the key difference. Yeah but gcd is very simple (and also your version of it stack overflows around 7 digits, depending on how quickly a gcd is found, so it isn't really "correct") - most simple tasks will have similarly sized simple representations in nearly any language. The argument levied against Java is that it's code size does not scale linearly in relation to other languages as the complexity of the problem increases. Out of curiosity, if this is the case, why should more than a few people in the class pass? Do you believe that shoving the material down these unwilling students' throats in such a way that they are able to pass results in a higher portion of them gaining and retaining the knowledge than would have otherwise? To me it sounds like very few in this class are interested in or successful at learning your material, so what is the definition of "passing" a class? Bing is really good, but is absolutely not a good alternative from a "taking a moral stand against evil corporations" point of view. Don't know why people are downvoting you, what you say is very sensible and financially completely right - if the interest rate of the loan is below what you can get in interest on a nearly risk-free investment, then it is cheaper to pay the loan as slowly as possible. Having said that, I disagree with you that it is foolish to pay back loans as quickly as possible. Having no debt makes it much easier to live with no income (without having to declare bankruptcy). If that isn't something you aspire to then it doesn't matter, but I would personally enjoy that very much and will continue paying very close to the absolute maximum I can afford each month on my admittedly cheap loans. In my opinion, this book is practically a must-read for anyone living in our increasingly computing intensive world, not just for aspiring computer scientists. It has both depth and accessibility, starting with something familiar in concept to many people (Morse code), and slowly building more and more ideas toward the final realization of a workable computing machine. Great book. Why should universities be held liable for the ignorance (or perhaps naivety?) of guidance counselors and parents. College degree != guaranteed job, nor should it. This reply could be to the majority of comments on this post, I just chose yours because it's the first one. I'm pretty disappointed with HN being party to the same smug, knowing, tongue-in-cheek Rails (and to a lesser extent, Ruby) hating that you constantly see on Slashdot and elsewhere. There are merits to Rails, and also drawbacks, as there are with every tool. It isn't magic, or anything close - the code is all there for you to read, and it is just Ruby, no pixie dust anywhere. As a data point, I recently saw one of these with my girlfriend who is not super technical but not out of the loop either. The concept of rescuing us from our mobile screens resonated with her, but she was almost mad at the end to discover it wasn't a commercial for something involving real human interaction, but rather yet-another-mobile-screen-device. I wonder if they will end up angering both sides of the douchebags who spend all day looking at their phones debate. It certainly doesn't have the power of a modern supercomputer, but it surpasses everything on Wikipedia's supercomputer timeline until about halfway down (using the admittedly poor comparison of GHz - GFLOPS). From that point of view, I think "power of a supercomputer" is fairly reasonable. Apologies for lack displaying my lack of knowledge regarding Canadian politics, but what why would it be "spectacularly weird" for the Senate to wield their power, when groups with power nearly always wield it? What holds them back from doing so? As an American, it is very odd to hear that a body exists with power technically equivalent to our (very powerful) Senate, but with lifetime appointments, and yet they do nothing, and are not taken seriously. Simple answer to this question - most people prefer to experience things themselves, rather than outsourcing those experiences to photographers. Photos and videos don't even begin to approach the satisfaction of actually being somewhere. I really loved the book, but I do think the title is misleading - for me, it was really "familiarize yourself with the concepts of seven languages in two or three weeks". It's clearly a marketing title, which is a bit off-putting, but a great introduction to the included languages. Very good point. Do doctors and contractors have more sources of empirical data (or more widely known sources), or are they simply more willing to look for them? Does anyone here know of a good general resource for empirical data regarding the tools we are constantly debating? Why do shell aliases make you uncomfortable? If we are talking about your personal machine, and not a server where another user can be bitten by not understanding your personal alias preferences, what could the harm be? They can! # Make git completion work with aliases complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_checkout gco complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_rebase grb complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_branch gbdf complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_branch gbd complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_diff gd complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_log gl complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_log glp "The extra keystrokes aren't going to have any meaningful impact on the amount of value I add to the projects I work on." Nor will removing those keystrokes have a negative impact on the value you add. Fear of forgetting the original commands is a reasonable argument against using aliases. It's very similar to the argument against using vim plugins for fear that you won't know how to use vi on servers or other peoples' machines. Nonetheless, most people use the plugins on their development machines which they feel make them the most productive in their day to day work. Same thing for aliases. Personally, I find your attitude much more frustrating than the phenomenon you rail against. If a comment is particularly insightful, then asking for clarification or expansion can lead to further interesting discussion. While it's nice to nod appreciatively at my screen when I read a good comment, it's much better to see it followed by a leading question and strong discussion. I assume he means putting together a computer in the sense of constructing one from commodity parts, in which case that one is definitely in line with the rest of the list. The other two are certainly more advanced exercises than the rest, but I think they are absolutely things CS students should be expected to be able to do, though many won't be willing to. Many won't be willing to do the other things on the list either, that's kind of the point of making an inspirational list, isn't it? Seriously. I can't think of any language feature in any other language that is heaped with so much passion (both positive and negative), while being entirely mundane. Out of curiosity, do you know or have a hypothesis for why you were invited? It seems like there are a decent number of people here who have been invited, but many who have not, with a similar trend for #googleplus on twitter, and I've yet to discern a sensible pattern. Hmm, I guess neither of us have anything besides anecdote, but here's the data for the entirety of my stream so far (includes me and people that are in my circles): Limited - 63% Public - 33% Extended Circles - 4% Total - 55 posts So, small sample for sure, and skewed by early adopters who are almost certainly interested in G+ because they have always hated the fire-hose of FB (disclosure: this is why I'm interested in it). I'm also only following about 5 people who could be considered public figures at the moment, and the overwhelming majority of those public posts come from Randall Munroe. So, take it or leave it, but for the time being, and at least for the people I know who are active on the service, I think limiting posts to certain circles or individuals is the preferred sharing method. As a further (small) data point, I've had a few people share photo albums with me, and none of them have done so publicly. Photos are definitely the major pain point of the oh-my-god-Grandma-can-see-this problem, but so are things like bad language, dirty jokes, non- or anti-religious articles, or politics in general, so seeing those things shared in a limited fashion could also be a game changer. I have already noticed an enormous difference in my own behavior - with Facebook, I dreaded the day my parents joined, and stopped using it basically as soon as they did, but with G+, I have already invited them because there is nothing to fear. Circles are absolutely valuable, but perhaps they won't be valuable enough to enough people. Special semantics for the "Following" circle might be nice, where anyone you put into that circle has a "Following You" circle that you are part of. Unfortunately, I think this is probably hard to do in a manner that does not add complexity and confusion to the existing implementation. It would make sense to people from the Twitter world, but breaks the implicit assumption that your circles are private. We constantly make these decisions in the real world. Who do I invite to dinner tonight, whose 4th of July barbecue do I go to, who would be interested in going to see this movie, who wants to geek out over some LOTR Risk while drinking cheap wine (only 4 players!), and on and on and on. Perhaps it's unfortunate that, while we don't have to actually attach any sort of text (which I'll allow you, definitely is a label), on the internet we do. But, as an earlier reply said, these generally aren't the possibly-offensive labels referred to by the common wisdom against labeling people, they merely represent the real disconnect between various groups of people that we like. Is anyone out there putting people into circles like "Losers", "Smelly Nerds", or "Jerks" rather than "Friends", "Coworkers", or "Family"? You're the first person I've seen use the word "introvert" in this discussion, and it seems right to me - maybe Google+ is just the social network for introverts. It explains the huge difference between the "who cares about that?" people and the "oh my gosh that sounds perfect!" people that I have spoken to - more extroverted people vs. more introverted people. "Scammed" is probably not the right word here - at least to me, it conveys a malicious intent, while mistakes like this are merely ignorance. I'm sure most of us have made mistakes just as stupid as this, despite working hard to earn our pay. This is totally awesome, and is a huge boon for both Heroku and Ruby, but I'd much prefer to see them hire Rich Hickey or Guido van Rossum or Martin Odersky or ...well, the list goes on. Heroku is already knows Ruby cold, they should be on-boarding the people that can help them bring their A-game to other platforms. I look forward to a world where I can ask myself the question "which platform is quickest to get up and running on" and have the answer be a list with 10 entries. Lots of people are trying this, but Heroku has the experience to make it work. Yes, this exactly. Donald Rumsfeld got no end of flack for his comment (distilled here) "there are known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknowns", but it's actually a great statement - in this case, there are some people who know they know how to make captchas, some people who know they don't, and some people who don't know that they don't know. Well, here's why I'm skeptical (or let's just say opposed if you prefer) - overpopulation is already a problem, and substantially lengthening life expectancy will only make that worse. Basically, I'm afraid we're closer to solving our medical problems than we are to solving our planet-supporting-our-population problems. If we solve the latter in tandem, then I'm on board. Or are you only talking about quality-of-life improvements, rather than lengthening life expectancy? Assuming this is even possible, I think the problem with it would be the psychological toll of a death to the survivors - while always sad, the death of an elderly loved one is less jarring than the death of a loved one in their prime ("it was his time") - so keeping everyone in their prime right up until their death would eliminate a powerfully useful coping mechanism. I think the problem with this is that negotiations are very sensitive to starting terms, what he would pay for (and I think many others would as well) is basically an intelligent idea of where to start. The idea that business shouldn't be expected to train its workforce is intriguing to me. This seems to be an underlying assumption in our society, but I don't recall ever having heard an argument for it one way or the other. Isn't a business that refuses to provide any of the necessary education for its employees profiting from a well-educated society without pitching in anything for the bill? If all governments worldwide were to refuse to invest in education in any way, the rational business decision would be to take this on themselves, or risk having no workforce with which to remain competitive. From this point of view, our enormous societal investment in education looks a lot like a subsidy. I would be interested to see some quantification of the total cost to educate a company's work force, compared with its tax burden (and the "taxable activity" it sparks, if that is quantifiable in some way), for a number of different types of companies. Has anyone seen data like this? Doing some napkin-style calculations it seems like I could convince myself of either conclusion. That isn't a solid case for our population's inability to think critically, it's a solid case for the problems caused by the necessity of specialization in a highly complex society. In nearly every interaction outside our chosen areas of expertise, we are all on the wrong end of an information asymmetry. Expecting everyone in society to have at least an intermediate level of expertise in is not the solution. Here's an example - I go to the doctor, the doctor prescribes a certain cholesterol medication, I go pick it up and start taking it regularly. There's every chance that next year, someone on the internet will be implying that I'm stupid, that I lack critical thinking skills, because everyone knows that this cholesterol drug causes a major medical condition. I'll be told that anyone who knew anything about medicine at the time I was prescribed this drug would have told me that I shouldn't have taken it. And yet, my doctor, who presumably did know things about medicine, told me to take it. Should I have done my own due diligence into this drug? How would I know where to start? Do I need to be taught biology so that I know how to figure out which medicine is and isn't safe? Does everyone need to have enough understanding of medicine to make these sorts of decisions? The financial system is less complicated than medicine, but it is not at all trivial. People who were sold snake oil by those with more expertise than themselves do not lack critical reasoning skills. They merely trusted authority, which we all have to do on a daily basis just to get by in a world where everything is complex. tl;dr; People who didn't understand the consequences of adjustable rate mortgages or believe that prayer is the only way they can contribute to solving our debt problem aren't stupid; they don't know much about finance, but they probably know a lot about something else. I think what you are missing is the in between phase where scarcity still exists, but the best way to produce scarce outputs does not involve humans, besides those who own or run the scarce-output-production entities. This seems to me to either produce societies with wild inequities between a very few producers and a very many do-nothings, or the types of socialist utopias that we appear to be really horrible at as humans. The everyone-has-a-magical-everything-maker phase, I agree, that sounds pretty solid. But it is higher-risk to be unable to find anyone employable than it is to train people yourself. So the system depends on a surplus of already-trained workers, which someone needs to provide, or everyone suffers. It will be interesting (and terrifying! don't get me wrong, but also interesting) to see what happens if we get to this point - there is no Bastille for the masses to storm, throwing out the entirety of the democratic government would accomplish very little in terms of wealth redistribution, and the military now has the literal capability, though hopefully not the strength of will or weakness of conscience, to kill every member of the starving horde. Our distribution of wealth may not be as skewed as pre-revolutionary France, but our concentration of might is far higher. Absolutely. My typical workflow is a mixture of full-screen windows and windows that are tiled left-right or top-bottom. For what feels like forever, I have managed this manually (and tediously), but then I found Moom - http://manytricks.com/moom/ - and it made my life easy. My girlfriend manages grant money for a large research institution where a sizable majority of the funds come from taxpayer-backed grants. You would be surprised (well, or maybe not) how often the researchers on the grants yell at her for not letting her have unfettered access to "their money". Even our friends who are researchers for other labs will get heated with her when she defends the casually-maligned administrators of their own grants. It's all very ugly and wrong-headed. One of my new favorite interview questions is: When researching how to integrate a feature, you come across a chunk of code that is atrocious, but unrelated to your feature - what do you do? The answer can be very telling. My eyes were similarly opened to the unnatural focus on calculus in mathematical education by the book "Everything and More" by David Foster Wallace. It is about Georg Cantor's search for an understanding of infinity, but spends much of its time laying groundwork with a lengthy adventure through math history, including many of the topics Stillwell mentions in that quote. http://www.amazon.com/Everything-More-Compact-Infinity-Disco... Absolutely do learn the fundamentals. Be able to look off into space and imagine the flow of a system at many different levels of abstraction. Understand how compilers, interpreters, and operating systems wrangle your hardware into submitting to your will. Learn and design algorithms. Spend time thinking about how your computer gets from point A to point B for every program you use. Do all those things and more, but then be willing to embrace being somebody who "glues APIs together" when appropriate, or somebody who creates new APIs when appropriate, or somebody who creates new APIs using others that you have glued together, and then make something with all that abstract, algorithmic thinking and all that glue. 1.9.1 is there, 1.9.2 is not. But I still the the better solution is to build from source on each machine, or create a custom 1.9.2 package for the machines you will be using. As other comments have pointed out, RVM is held together with string and duct tape and breaks frequently. I haven't dug into the code from this project, but being more testable and maintainable would be one of the biggest wins they could achieve from my point of view. Yeah it's a really interesting demonstration of something that is just so darn useful that you're crazy not to use it (on your development machine), regardless of your complaints with it. I'm not familiar with the technique you're referring to, is there a reference you could point me to that discusses "apt-pinning" packages from testing? We recently had a "there must be a better way" moment trying to get a standardized Ruby 1.9.2 installation set up - I think what you're describing is that better way. This is kind of a classic "fast, correct - choose one" debate. If saving time is more important, perhaps you should use RVM in production, if correctness is more important, you probably shouldn't. It comes down to how expensive your mistakes are. Certainly the 52-year-old developer all else being equal. Isn't this a complete no-brainer? It's interesting to me that you thought you were the only one who put doing before ...learning, for lack of a better word - from what I can tell, the trendy thing at the moment (besides all the trendy technologies) is to spurn design, best practices, and maintainability in favor of doing things in the stinky, realistic, checkbook and bills friendly manner. At least if you're judging solely based on articles and comments that get upvoted on HN. It's a constant pendulum between "right" and "quick", which makes me think the answer is almost certainly somewhere in the middle. Honestly, it makes me wary of being a customer of startups currently, if everyone is just trying to get to version 1 as quickly as possible without any consideration for the future, so I hope that attitude is not as widely spread as it appears to be. When you say "no one has ever taken advantage of this", do you mean that nobody has ever taken any time off at all, or that you feel nobody has abused the rules in your opinion? I certainly hope it isn't the first, because if so, that's a very very bad policy. I think saying "yes, there's a Clear, but what would you do if there weren't", or "yes, there's a Clear - how would you implement it if you made the library?". Interview questions where the right answer is "I know an API or assume something about it correctly" are stupid, but questions where that is the right answer with a more interesting follow-up are not. I agree with the thrust of your statement, but it's worth keeping in mind that while physics isn't magic it is not deterministic either, once you start working with really small things. You see this a lot (even on this forum) with people referring to Rails "magic", when it can't possibly be anything but a bunch of lines of code being executed according to the rules of a certain interpreter. I think the assumption was that even arrays indexed by integers are stored as JS Objects, which are basically a hashmap style structure, and so they wouldn't be implemented like a ho-hum, classic array. I'm not sure if that assumption is right, but if it is, there would be no need to re-address each element. I really like your insight about the accumulation of decisions over the course of a project - I've never thought about it in quite that way, that by having one default decision or the other, your project's destiny is completely different. Picking a sane default answer to that question for a project should be thought of as one of the (many) important jobs of its creator. edit: I really don't understand why the parent comment was downvoted and then deleted. Isn't this identical to what the original post I replied to was saying - those he refers to as the "clueless" have not sufficiently analyzed enough technology to distinguish it from magic. I wouldn't go so far as calling people clueless though, thinking of some things as magical black boxes frees up mental space. Yes, that would be a great answer, and ideally they get to the part you mentioned about adding it to an internal library, to which the next question is, Ok, you're adding it, how do you write it? My point is merely that it's still worthwhile to see an implementation, rather than moving on when you hear the word "Clear". Might be a good way to know if you're doing something boring if you're just playing the pick-the-package game. If what you're doing is less interesting than re-implementing all those packages, then it might not be worth doing. There are people who give a damn about the product on other technology stacks, and being interested in shiny things is not mutually exclusive with being pragmatic and caring about product. But maybe you're right that the Java community has the most people like this. If I shift my internal definition of "smart" to mean what it seems to mean in the context of your post, then I can't really argue, but aren't we starting to get some tunnel-vision in this community about what it means to be "smart"? It's absolutely not true that "most people" can write CRUD apps, but perhaps you meant "most programmers", at which point you've limited your set of people to a group who understand a very complex machine well enough to make it do their bidding. I personally don't know any programmers I wouldn't call "smart", but maybe I'm just a webby dummy myself and your definition of the word is better than mine. Nit-pick: it's actually spelled "Clojure" - wouldn't matter, except for the existence of Google's tool set called "Closure", which Clojure's browser hosted version uses, leading to lots of room for confusion. Kickstarter and development of affordable 3D printing are another two, just to lengthen the arrow pointing in the direction of the future you're imagining. Having said that, the transition from our current world to that world could be pretty darn rocky, if it's even possible. Please do enumerate the solutions you are alluding to if you're willing - I'm sure I'm not the only person on here who is curious and has no idea what you're talking about or where to start looking. This ignores the non-financial side of employment decisions. I, for one, would hate to be an investment banker right now, because pretty much everyone I care about would lose nearly all their respect for me. This effect seems to be weaker than money, but it does exist. Ok clearly you think the rest of your argument is obvious, but I'm going to be dense and say "yes", those are tools. Just as the Linux kernel is a tool for managing the various resources of the system. Maybe it's the word "merely" that's tripping things up, but I don't see how any of these things fail to fit the word "tool". What I find hilarious is the idea that things can "just" be built (motherfuckas), rather than things built through lots of hard work, dedication, and yes even that apparently dirty word analysis . What this article is suggesting sounds great for prototypes, which is what startups should be doing early on, but not forever. It definitely makes sense to have it in the query string, and I think people are already doing it that way, but the author makes a good point - it isn't a resource in its own right, it's merely a different representation. But in my experience, requiring Accept manipulation outside of .json versus .xml makes your service less usable by clients, which often don't expose anything besides the url. Why did you do all those things? Did you have to use bash for all that software? Were you concerned about portability? Do you just dislike python? I have no trouble understanding how complex programs can be written in bash, but I have never understood why . I read his article less as a refutation than as a "get off my side!" argument. He seems to fundamentally agree with Gruber and MG but fundamentally disagree with their presentation of the argument. This is similar to how many of my friends and family members believe homosexuality to be immoral but believe picketing the funerals of gay people with offensive signs is awful. The Pyramid of Refutation (which is new to me and awesome, by the way) doesn't apply because the goal is not to refute. > How many times did you have to solve a brain teaser at work? There is a fine line between brain teasers and the difficult problems that are our bread and butter. To answer your question: I would categorize many particularly subtle problems I've solved at work as brain teasers, so my number is high. Relevant problems are a great way to judge someone's problem solving skills, but any problem that gives a glimpse into the way a person thinks is sufficient. I am probably not willing to give a candidate the amount of context to describe, let alone time to solve, the exact problem that I happen to be in the middle of on the day of an interview, but rather one we have already solved and determined to be interview-worthy. This means I certainly don't care about the solution, but rather the path to the solution. If you believe, as I do, that people tend to walk similar paths through every problem they solve, and that the path is important and the solution worthless, then the relevance of the problem is irrelevant. 1) If the whiteboard and lack of tools is the problem, what would you think about projecting your monitor? 2) Nobody cares how good your solution is, they care about seeing your thought process while solving it. They are likely waiting breathlessly to ask you follow up questions about your poor implementation that will further enlighten them about the way you think. It would be a downright shame to disappoint them by writing a great solution right away. 3) This is a legitimately big problem. Everyone responds to the pressure of interviews differently and it is definitely not necessarily correlated to their response to the pressures of the workplace. Ideally you would notify the interviewer(s) of your anxiety beforehand and they would be willing to work with you on either a short take-home (which a lot of people also hate for other reasons), or some type of working interview (which is often infeasible). The original article was about a specific-language whiteboard problem, which is open to arguments about tooling and internet access, but many people ask these sorts of questions in terms of pseudocode, structured written english, or even discourse out-loud, and the goal is not to determine programming language or algorithm knowledge, but problem solving skills. edit: phrasing I agree that the real test is how well you do on the real codebase. But (as an interviewer) I'm not going to let you see that codebase or spend time describing its architecture to you until I'm convinced you are worthwhile. Hence, walk me through the steps to generate something programmatically; Pascal's triangle or anything else. I don't give a shit that you found code for it on Google, I'm not looking for a solution - I'm looking to understand how well you can solve problems. I completely agree about projecting - going to paper and pencil after years of vim just feels absurd - but some people find it more invasive and/or high pressure. Wow, working through a mutually unknown problem is such a great idea and I had never heard or thought of it before. Thank you sir! You're in a room with these people having a conversation. A simple "Hey what level of engineering are you looking for in this solution?" would do nicely. Maybe some people will say that it has to be unit tested, rigorously documented, and proven correct, all on a whiteboard, and that would be really dumb. But nobody is going to say that, they're going to say "Give us a sketch - we're just looking for your thought process". The whole thing about misunderstandings and misinterpretations is just really silly when you're sitting there in a room with them. It also isn't just your code that is being judged - if you can't pose a simple question to some people sitting across a desk from you, or if you're too stodgy to ever under any circumstances write pseudocode or a piece of code that you aren't sure works yet, or make up a reasonable API that you don't remember the exact incantation for, maybe because you're too honorable or something, then I don't think you're a culture fit. I went to the site expecting it to be an open-source library providing one convenient API into all the things you mention. In fact it wasn't until I went to the top menu looking for a Github or download link that I realized it was a hosted for-pay service. I think a library bringing all those things together (maybe without the geolocation part) would be useful, and I don't personally know of one. Ah, apologies, I didn't mean to advocate for coding tests as an all-or-nothing negative filter, though I see now that the thread I'm in may suggest that. It can be a good negative filter, but nobody should be disqualified by a single poor answer. Good questions are designed to reveal problem solving skills, so the path taken even to a very poor answer should be illuminating and lead the interviewer to another question. How is the push to show a productive 20% project at Google any different than the push at most companies to show a productive 100% work time. Most people working on open source projects are working full time and doing open source in their free time. People who are willing to do that, and who produce high quality open source code are definitely worth hiring, but it's difficult to do and isn't for everyone, so hiring only on the basis of open source contribution is a bad idea. Also, do any companies exist that are trying to make the whole lifecycle of ebook self-publishing dead simple for non-techies? It seems that it's "not that easy"(1) even for techies and that non-techie authors can be overwhelmed with the amount of work they have to do that isn't writing a book(2). The only relevant company I know of is http://leanpub.com , but they state in their manifesto that they are only interested in the very specific and (I'm guessing here) relatively uncommon style of incremental self-publishing. (1) http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2012/01/e-book-publis... (2) http://www.npr.org/2012/01/08/144804084/a-self-published-aut... around 5:30 in the audio This is not limited to the internet. We learn as children that persuasive writing is weakened by statements such as "I believe", "in my opinion", or "in my limited experience". (I believe that) it is true that such statements weaken writing, and that it should be the reader's job to determine which content is editorial and subconsciously insert the "in my opinion"s where appropriate. Having said all that, it does seem hard to find intellectual honesty on the internet, but I had more trouble finding a decent newspaper in London so it's not an isolated problem. You absolutely do not have enough context to make that judgement. I doubt his company is curing cancer or colonizing mars, but do you really think poor intellectual property assignment policies alone make any company, bad? It is one of many, many axes and it doesn't override everything else. It has nothing to do with you screwing up. Of course every individual person makes mistakes pretty much constantly, which is why there is a whole team developing an application, and why there is pair programming, and why there are code reviews, and why there are tests. As a customer of Basecamp, it doesn't worry me that you made that mistake - totally easy mistake to make - but that nobody else noticed it and no automated tests caught it. It seems to me that 37signals may have gone too far the opposite way in their rejection of process and stifling rules. It is reasonable, and testing can't catch everything, but it does say something about them, though I don't think it's anything they wouldn't say about themselves - their top priority is not assuring quality, but assuring that quality lapses can be, and are, quickly rectified. That's fine, but it's not for every application or every team. That doesn't match the current marketing terminology. This is meant to be topical, not strictly informational, though I think it succeeds as both. Your comment seems to hinge on this idea that "the overwhelming majority of truly interesting works are not for profit", which seemed dubious, but interesting. Then you end with a disclaimer noting that you are an extreme outlier in your opinion and consumption of interesting works. Your comment could have been edited down to "I don't like for-profit works so if everyone liked the same things as I do, we wouldn't need copyright." It's an intriguing thought, and I'm fascinated by your rejection of our society's usual entertainments - is it a principled stand? do you really just dislike that stuff and like other things more? how and when did this start? - but it's not very germane to solving the wider society's issues with copyright because a lot of the rest of us are pretty into some of the books, music, and movies that are made for profit. Could you link to that decision or do you perhaps know the name of the case so I could search for it? The deprivation idea doesn't seem to be intuitive to most people I've talked with and it would be great to know the actual case law. His point is that there are no good non-Windows substitutes precisely because the non-Windows market for that software is too small and that by using the Windows version you are removing yourself from the already-too-small market that you should have been part of, which continues the cycle. Your points are definitely valid, but they only reinforce the argument that pirating Windows only harms the competition. Put another way, if you were completely unwilling to either pay for or pirate Windows, the market for the hypothetical non-Windows substitute for a program you need would is guaranteed to be one person larger than it currently is, whereas with the willingness to pirate Windows, that market may be one person smaller. I currently have this problem with a Windows 7 machine I bought from eBay. I can't activate it and I have a black desktop (sorta annoying) and two or three different things that pop up periodically to yell at me (incredibly annoyingly, especially the one that makes an obnoxious error noise). This situation is definitely my fault - there are a few possibilities for where I went wrong: 1) maybe the guy I bought it from was not legit - I asked him lots of questions before going through with the purchase but that's about as much as I could (or would be willing to) do, 2) Using what I believed to be the correct, legal process, I created an install disk and looked up the key for my existing OEM install, which I used to reinstall a fresh instance without any of the HP nonsense the machine came with, 3) For a couple days I had an install using the same key on a VM to test something with IE9. Any one of those things could be the problem and they were decisions I made, Microsoft didn't force or manipulate me. But here's the thing, at the end of the day what I have is a really obnoxious machine and if I had just bought a Mac (off of eBay even!) or installed Linux instead, I wouldn't have to deal with any of this. You're right that the Microsoft experience isn't so bad, if you follow the rules you're probably going to have a bare minimum of hassle, but it is still so much worse than the competition on this front. "Everyone aspire large wealth disparity" I hear things like this a lot about human nature, and I try really hard to believe them, but at the end of the day I have to admit that I don't personally know a single person who thinks this way. Everyone I know would very much like to pay off their debt, have easy access to shelter, food, and entertainment for themselves and their loved ones, and not have to work but be able to do whatever they love doing as much as they want to do it. It is possible that there is not enough aggregate wealth in the world for everyone to be prosperous enough to achieve these things, so desiring them is equivalent to the desire for wealth disparity, but it is not the disparity itself. I am not suggesting that there are no people who desire disparity itself, only that I have trouble convincing myself that it is "everyone", since I don't know any. Although Karunamon already replied, I think you were responding to me. I'm not sure I understand the question - I'm not arguing that it is not an intuitive aspect of theft, I am stating that it has not been intuitive to people I have discussed this with. It is a fact, not an argument - are you trying to ask if I'm arguing that it should be an intuitive aspect of theft? If so then I really don't have an opinion - I think intuition is completely subjective and that there is no "should" about it. Admittedly, I missed the dichotomy in your original post between those making ends meet and those aspiring to wealth disparity - I thought you meant that even those just trying to make ends meet aspire to wealth disparity, which is why egalitarian movements fail, when what I think you meant is that once people stop having to make ends meet, they then begin to aspire wealth disparity. I would be very interested to see the data you are basing your knowledge of society on, since it must be outside your personal experience. Also I'm not familiar with the modern social class definition system that you speak of, where can I read about that? Yes, I am this way as well, but I think of it as a kind of allowance of irrationality that I have to make up for in other ways. I love dead-tree books, but eBooks are better in pretty much every way. The bright side is that there are plenty of used books that will continue circulating through stores and private collections for many many years, and they'll be cheap. "It's an internal CRM system, so why not shove it full of in-jokes and vi-keybindings for navigation? Why not give it a REST API and a CLI app to consume it?" Because the users of the system don't care about any of that crap, so it's a waste of time and money, which most companies don't have extra of to spare. As a disclaimer: I don't claim to understand academic politics. Having said that, I think you need some sort of citation or at the very least a stronger argument to back up the statement that "collaboration is something valued by people who greatly depend on others". To a non-involved observer such as myself, what you're describing (in a positive tone?) just sounds petty and extremely unproductive for everyone involved, whether they're average or "very capable". Here is how I read this thread - someone links to a tool that wraps git with a prettier command line UI, you say that you don't need that, here's some magical aliases, others say but those aren't pretty like the tool we were originally discussing, you say "if you want a pretty UI, go use a tool that wraps Git and provides one" ...like the one from the original link? I don't get your argument, is there a reasonable place for prettier UIs wrapping common Git commands, or do we all just need to be more hardcore and learn to write good aliases? I'm sorry for being dense, but you still haven't convinced me that "people who are highly capable don't need collaboration" is implied by the definition of "highly capable". Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Larry Page, etc. - these people are all highly capable and all collaborated to achieve their greatest successes. Are we using different definitions of "collaboration"? Your proposed research topic would be a lot more interesting without the inherent bias you introduce by measuring only the correlations of negative reaction and ignoring any correlations to positive reaction. You're using a subjective definition of "better" and waving off anyone with a different definition as being either old or a hipster. Body language, tone of voice, word emphasis, etc. is not about being able to predict what someone is thinking or feeling, but about communicating meta-text, for which the electronic stand-ins (lol, emoticons, caps, italics, etc.) are severely lacking and really quite lame. Talking to someone in person even just one time, so that you can hear their voice when you read their text adds a lot of richness to electronic communication. If electronic communication really is better in every way, as your first two paragraphs claim (pretty offensively - "Bullshit", "no grace", "cowardice", "vaccine"), then why wouldn't you want to propose marriage over SMS? In-person communication is good . Electronic communication is also good , but in different ways, and for different things. All this "BETTER" stuff is nonsense - if you have a short missive to fire off, use a text, if you haven't talked to a friend or loved one for awhile, pick up a phone or get on a plane! Or maybe I'm just a hipster (I don't think I'm old yet...) I know this is an old thread, but I just saw your response. And... I don't quite know what to say, besides that it seems ridiculously offensive to the hundreds and hundreds of people that made Microsoft and Apple what they are. I don't know what type of evidence you're looking for, and I don't know what it has to do with co-founders, but it seems pretty obvious to me that one person couldn't have designed every piece of Apple hardware or software or every version of Windows. That's why we invented collaboration - it gives extremely productive people a multiplier. It is possible now , but does not seem to be widely adopted. Jose Valim posted an example of a very lightweight app just today - https://gist.github.com/1942658 . I've yet to see any of the people conflating the Rails repository with the Github team reply to any of the (many) people in this thread pointing out that creating a ticket in the Rails repository is in no way the same as warning the Github team, so I'm really curious - is there general confusion about where the lines are between Github and Rails, or are you just being obstinate? Probably I was duped, but I didn't read the OSM statement as watered down PR at all, but rather as a reasonable human reaction to such a high-profile use of their labor of love with an unfortunate caveat - maybe sufficiently advanced PR speak is indistinguishable from genuine human interaction. Yeah GP seems to imply Linus lost that debate. Quite the contrary, Tannenbaum titled his post "LINUX is obsolete", so the argument was fundamentally about whether he was right about his title, or whether he was wrong - the last two decades of history have pretty clearly proven him wrong. Not sure I see your point - one of those thousands of developers out there can partner with or hire one of those thousands of him out there as well. There are lots of people who can program and lots of people who have ideas, and not so many people who can work together to technically execute ideas into profitable technology. Which is kind of the point the people you have been arguing with have been trying to make. Here's an idea from a non-idea-guy: do for those of us who have no clue how to approach your list of non-technical skills what Codecademy has done for those with no idea how to approach programming. Start us slow, treat us like we know nothing, but give us the chance to prove otherwise. Allow us to work on our own time, and charge us orders of magnitude less than an MBA costs. I would pay for that. You're painting pretty broadly with that stereotype brush. Books influence people but are not the only influence on people. You have no idea which books _why appreciates or the extent to which they have influenced his personality, so stop guessing. I hate words like "Randroid", "Republitard", "Democrap", etc. regardless of whether I agree or disagree with their connotation. They are the adult, but no more mature, equivalent of the childhood poopypants slur - you are other so you are bad. You're conflating two groups with each other, one that is the larger group of people who appreciate or have been influenced by Rand's work, and one that is presumably a subset and is made up by people you have interacted with and formed an impression of. This is how stereotypes work, you conflate a subset of people that you have direct evidence of with the superset of people that they are related to in some way. Just because I can't argue with the existence of the subset in your evidence does not mean that your stereotype is not ridiculous. I don't claim that _why and Rand would agree with each other in a philosophical discussion, but that is not proof that she had no influence on him. Often what influences us most is that which forces us to think very hard about why we disagree. And everyone who uses those sorts of childish words believes them to be apt. "But Republicans really are retards". Please. Obviously it can't look much like Codecademy and perhaps it is not about verbally stated principles. Maybe the bigger question is: how does the progress that has been made by people using technology to reduce the financial and social barriers to learning technical material translate to learning "softer" material? If we want to eventually live in a world where the university in its current form has been superseded (and I do), someone needs to answer that question. It sounds hard and uncertain but very valuable if successful - a winning combination if you ask me. That barriers are "built by the schooling system into our minds" is exactly what I meant by my "social barriers". Sorry for not being clearer, we agree on that point. I still think there are very real financial barriers to education, perhaps not for the true autodidacts who can learn everything from a book, but for everyone else who requires some structured instruction. Nothing you say is wrong, but neither is any of it an argument against instruction. It is incredibly helpful to hear and forget before you see and remember before you do and understand. Get over yourself. It's great that you're 30, have assets and a good life, and have never been unemployed. Huge swaths of the generation you so casually refer to as "whiners" will never have the chance to make those claims regardless of what they do or don't expect from the world, and you scoff at them from your comfortable perch. Let's have some perspective - when kids decide whether and where to go to college, and agree to take on its debt, they are 17 and know nothing about the world, about job markets, about mortgage rates, about growth industries and dying industries. They are told by their parents and other adult influencers to study what they are passionate about because in America you can be whatever you want to be if you try hard enough and if you go to a good school. So the dumb 17-year-olds of this "whiner" generation went to college during a strong economy and played along with all the adult assurances that they would do great, and they graduated to a world with no work and especially not for most people who studied something they were "passionate" about. It's such crap to scorn people for regretting decisions they were led into when they were clueless. People need to take responsibility for their own success, but our society needs to be thinking long and hard about how it has failed this generation and how to avoid failing the subsequent ones. As you pointed out, your problem and the problem he is trying to solve here are completely different. Your problem definitely exists, and lots of people are working hard on solving it, whether that means those working on improving chef and puppet themselves, or on other less flashy configuration management systems, or on new projects that are attempting to improve on the existing solutions in a more fundamental way. Presumably Yehuda is simply less interested in contributing to that work than in trying to solve this other unrelated problem. You may argue that this problem does not exist, but the many articles decrying how hard rails has become and the competing projects that are also working on this suggest that you are wrong. Also, it's way more than 5 shell commands and even if it were only 5 it would be worthwhile to make it easier. This is such an intriguing comment. I thought you were standing on reasonably logical ground (even if I disagree) until this part: ...What in the world is the difference? If anything it makes more sense to fund work that is actually useful than work that is simply beautiful or interesting. Dude, take a step back and forget that you know this stuff already and do it professionally. That list is not easy and far from obvious, even for real programmers coming from other environments, let alone for actual programming beginners. Your list is far from canonical even at this very moment and hasn't even been common for very long. To figure out your list, I have to: 1) know that homebrew is the "right" way to install software that rails depends on, rather than MacPorts or Fink, or the Mac app store, or download.com, and oh yeah, there is this thing called sudo, and I should install homebrew recipes using it, or should I??, 2) know that rbenv and ruby-build are things that exist and that they are competitors to RVM but are either more or less in vogue depending on who I talk to, 3) understand that rbenv doesn't just work in the current shell without closing and re-opening it, 4) know that the "right" version of ruby to use is 1.9.2-p290 (I have to know the patch-number?!) and that I need to install it and set it as my local version (wait, what does that mean, why do I need a local version?), before I can get around to actually installing rails and using it. Now, I could just blindly follow someone's list from a blog post (randomly chosen presumably, because the theory here is that I don't know enough about these things to make an informed decision). Maybe I would even get lucky and find a list that works properly with the version of rails that the official documentation is talking about, but it would still be a much better experience by far to go to the official rails site and be told: "hey, download this all-inclusive, up-to-date, guaranteed to work disk image straight from us!". The steps aren't hard, it's knowing which ones to do that is hard. And yes, you should learn what all those things mean and why everyone does them, but it shouldn't be the very first thing you learn. You don't need to learn those things as early as possible. You need to learn them eventually, as you're getting closer to gaining expertise. Accidental complexity early along the road to expertise is a hinderance not a help. The complexities of setting up a system so you can develop rails on it exist to solve problems that experts have discovered through years of working with the system, but which people coming to it fresh don't, and shouldn't need to, know that they have yet. I can't tell what you're actually arguing for or against in this thread. There seem to be two different things: 1) The rails.app project wants to solve a problem that doesn't exist. There are a lot of comments here from other people who think getting started with rails is confusing, and who point out that your much-touted five steps are not complete, canonical, or easy, so I won't further beat that dead horse. 2) There are many harder problems you'll come across when doing rails professionally. This is incredibly true, nobody disagrees, but it's irrelevant to the rails.app project. While this is generally fantastic, it seems like it would be a real bummer in an apocalyptic modern-medicine-eliminated need-to-repopulate type of situation (only mostly kidding). > It's more likely (of course not 100%) they have more data and experience than you and me. Having data does not imply usefully analyzing it, and "experience" is nothing more than a plurality of anecdote. Without actually seeing the data, I think your best guess here should be 50/50, rather than the very biased-toward-the-high-end "more likely (of course not 100%)" that you have. Appeal to authority is especially dangerous when you are making decisions that affect your company's bottom line based on peoples' ability to format text. I started using rails after all of that, but regardless of how it was back then, I think it's worth pointing out for people who aren't aware - there are really good app servers for rails now. The reason you have to defend yourself is that your style is currently less idiomatic than their style. The caveat of non-idiomatic choices is that you have to defend them either indefinitely or until the idioms change, whichever comes first. What I find odd is when people make a non-mainstream choice and aren't willing to put in the effort to back it up - swimming against the stream is great, but you have to be able to explain to people why you're doing it or be tough enough to ignore them when they ask. Why is the latter better? It seems equally good, but less idiomatic and certainly less obvious to most Ruby programmers. I'm not sure what you mean by cramped, but I think that the interpolation style is, on the contrary, much easier to read when you have multiple fields: puts "#{num} #{vessels} of #{liquid} on the #{where}, you #{verb1} one #{adverb1}, #{verb2} it #{adverb2}, #{num - 1} #{vessels} of #{liquid} on the #{where}" puts "%d %s of %s on the %s, you %s one %s, %s it %s, %i %s of %s on the %s", [ num, vessels, liquid, where, verb1, adverb1, verb2, adverb2, num - 1 ] It's an extreme example, but you just read the first, while you have to think about the second. > Then that's your own fault. I check my privacy settings every couple months It's grandparent's fault for not being enslaved to FB's pain-in-the-ass purposefully exploitative system the way you are? No, it is FB's fault for being a purposefully exploitative pain-in-the-ass. I found the non-argument that you two just had to be interesting, informative, and entertaining. So don't feel too bad about losing the argumentative-agreement battle - it was great while it lasted! Similarly, just because a piece of legislation has a horrible feature, doesn't mean it can't be fantastic for its other properties. Fraud exists. Fraud will exist after this bill goes into effect. So will non-fraudulent business models and investment opportunities that were unworkable before the bill. Does the benefit of those new opportunities outweigh the cost of the increased fraud potential? I think so, perhaps you think not, neither of us know for sure. What I do know is that I worry more about the entire economy being destroyed by the current powers that be through both fraud and simple incompetence than I worry about losing money to fraudsters preying on unaccredited investors like myself, and I very much look forward to having the opportunity to do so. No way! It's a fantastic thing! There is no one best way to teach any subject, and even if there were, who is to say that Coursera is well-positioned to decide what that best way is? Diversity in courses covering the same material in conjunction with good tools to aid in the decision-making process for the student will lead to the best outcomes. It's same reason we have so many different universities - it isn't just because of meatspace scaling limitations. I've been finding all of these programs incredibly refreshing and easy to read. Each instruction does exactly one strictly-defined thing before moving to the next instruction - so simple! It will be interesting to see if my level of refreshment remains intact as the level of complexity inevitably explodes. Even this pacman game, which is the most complex I've seen yet, is much simpler than whatever space ship or armada management programs people will eventually start writing. Oh come now, you would say that you know C (even if you're unwilling to say you "know" it for the purposes of debate). You don't have to have a language memorized to "know" it, and you don't "know" it if all you can do is write Hello World. The answer is somewhere in between. My personal metric is: do you have a reasonably accurate estimation of what you don't know. The better you know a language, the better you know what you don't know. I wonder how the experiment would change if you change it to "let A = 1, let B = 2, let C = 3, let A = B", or "make", or some other verb that seems more like assignment. > Of course that is a non-sensical assumption Maybe it is, maybe it isn't, but there is no "of course" about it! While I think the moral indignation about profiling is justified, the real fear is that a system that relies heavily on profiling is very weak to attack by learning the profile and planning accordingly. What a different and more wonderful world this would be if President Bush's speech-writers had put together a more pithy variant of your attitude for his speech after 9/11! But I think a policy of courage would have been wildly less popular than that of fear proved to be. After "Seinfeld" ended: He famously threw away all his stand-up material after doing the very successful special "I'm Telling You For the Last Time", He was featured in a documentary called "Comedian" following his slow grind building up all new material, has continued touring with that new material, He immediately began touring with that new material (I saw a show and thought it was really good), He made "Bee Movie", He made "The Marriage Ref". And other things too. Some of the stuff in that list was nearly as good as "Seinfeld", and some of it was terrible, but he's been around. I had the same thought as you about his books, if this is the methodology. But I also find it very inspiring, and am extremely envious. Every time I think, "Maybe I should write a book about this", I immediately project myself onto a prospective consumer of my unwritten book and think, "I wouldn't read a book written by me on this subject, because I am not enough of an expert, so why should I expect anyone else to feel differently?", so I don't write the book. This guy thinks the first thought and just goes for it. The word is overused, but: awesome! Political popularity is hard to quantify. But for whatever they are worth, I have three points in support of my claim that President Bush's policy was (and is) "popular", one factual, one which I believe to be true but have no data for, and one anecdotal: 1) President Bush won reelection quite easily, 2) The "War on Terror" had and continues to have bipartisan support, while many other policies introduced since it began (such as the actual wars) have been wildly polarizing, and 3) In my personal discussions, I have found it very difficult to persuade most people that our response to 9/11 was anything but correct and justified. I'm at this point right now - what are the best static languages with type inference for the dynamic language crowd? Haskell? Scala? Go? Rust? Something I haven't heard of? All of the above? There is no silver bullet. I see a sort of taxonomy of techniques, the relative quality of which is very dependent on the person interviewing. An assumption: it is bad for the prospective employer to see no code at all. I see two basic options: 1) see code written before the interview, and 2) see code written during the interview. Option (1) has a few sub-options: a) look at open source work, b) ask for private personal work to be made available, and c) ask for custom work of your choosing. All of these share the weakness of requiring work outside work hours. There are many qualified candidates who don't have work of the (a) and (b) sort available, and while many see option (c) as a welcome intellectual challenge, many others see it as a tedious (or even offensive) waste of their time. Option (2) also has a few sub-options: a) provide a computer and a project or set of coding questions to be solved in your absence, b) same as (a) but with pen and paper, c) ask a question and watch on a projector or over the shoulder as it is solved on a computer, d) same as (c) but with pen and paper, and e) same as (d) but on a whiteboard. Option (a) is basically the same as (1c) above, but attempts to mitigate the waste-of-time factor by using already-committed interview time to do it, and option (b) is just a much worse variant of the same. The weakness of these options is that it is impossible to get an idea of a candidate's thought process while solving the problem. Option (c) is really good for interviewers but very high-pressure, which selects against many qualified candidates. Option (d) and (e) are identical, but some people hate pen and paper, others hate whiteboards, and most hate both! It is imperative when not using a computer to avoid requiring or judging by the use of things that computers help support, like specific languages, specific APIs, or syntactic accuracy. Or is this all wrong - have you found the general solution? I really like the theory of this, but in practice I have a hell of a hard time figuring out "real problems" for which the explanation and solution would occupy less than an afternoon. Looks great! Do you generate all the versions of your resume from the same data, but with different presentation layers? Or do you keep each of them up to date manually? Though you seem completely uninterested in anything but repeating your toxic, dogmatic, and insular refrain, I may as well add my voice to the chorus of those who see a different community than the one you do. But I also want to respond to the somewhat more interesting portions of your argument - is ruby "technically interesting", "notable", "novel", and/or lacking in "solid applied computer science", and to what extent do those things matter? I think it is technically interesting because you can do much with little, notable because it combines the elegant OO of Smalltalk and the weak functional programming of Lisp with an intuitive syntax reminiscent of though dissimilar to Python, not at all novel because it prefers to embrace good ideas from its predecessors, and quite thankfully lacking in leakage of hard computer science into mundane programs. It is wrong for many jobs, but right for many others, and for that it is interesting. It is one of a multitude of languages for which the same can be said. No he means specifically with respect to Lispiness, what does Ruby have that Smalltalk doesn't. I thought of a few different answers, and then I found them all in Smalltalk, so I think GP is right, on both the OO and FP front, Ruby is pretty much just Smalltalk. I agree with all of that, and that each of those matter, but those things don't make it Lispier than Smalltalk is... Your group (3) is just his group (1) stated differently. Do people actually use FizzBuzz itself ? I always thought it was just one example illustrative of the type of simple and quick-to-answer question that makes a good initial negative filter. The second variant seems much better to me - in the first variant the size of the DELETE query itself is proportional to the number of published posts, so for very large numbers of published posts you'll end up sending a lot of data over the network, and may even hit your max_allowed_packet size (though it defaults to 1GB, which would be a lot of published posts!). You're looking at those inefficiencies wrong - they aren't frustrations, they are job security. YES. Getting a sense of core thought process and problem solving skills in an interview is the hard part. Isolating variables is important. Yes. And what's wrong with any of those things? It's a give and take - the interviewer will say "Ok, let's stipulate it is full length and you can't tamp them" and "Oh, that's interesting, assuming some sort of variance in size, estimate a range instead of a number", etc. That's one of the reasons made-up questions are better than "real" questions, the imaginative tit-for-tat is a good thing, and is harder with "real" questions. Saying "shyness is ultimately a symptom of you being uncomfortable with who you are" in the first sentence of the article does not sound like "it's OK; no one wants you to change :)" to me. That is the problem with the article, it presumes that there is something wrong with shy people. It could instead presume that there is something wrong with outgoing people, or that they are simply two equally reasonable ways of being, but it doesn't. It's too bad that it bugs you - your way of being makes sense to me, you open up with those who have put in the time to deserve your openness and don't with those who haven't. Contrary to popular American male belief, pretty much everything in life is more important than being able to go to a bar and talk to a woman you don't know. Interesting, how would that affect the answer? No, it is a real bus, like the ones they use for humans in public transport. Interesting, if you're curious because aliens might be a different size, no, it is a bus for human-sized things. No. Nope. No, they are normal golf balls. Maybe, after we estimate the number, perhaps we can estimate the time-to-fill based on various rates of child-miscreant golf-ball theft. etc. That is true, but talking with a strange (presumably attractive) woman at a (presumably crowded and loud) bar is at the most uncomfortable extreme of the average shy man's social comfort scale. Friendships and relationships are important, but there are plenty of ways to pursue them that are at the other end of that scale. You are very wrong about this - people who know how to "search for code samples" know what programming looks like, but they are far from the majority. I, for one, wish more people understood what programming "looks like", so that I could actually talk to people about what I do without them being completely confused. People can visualize what nearly every other profession does day-to-day, but what programmers do is a complete mystery to most people. I tell people that I'm a writer for a language with a very structured grammar, but that's only part of the story. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? If you're really trying to show your outside-the-box thinking skills, you're gonna get as good as you give and it could be fun. If you're just being a jerk and trying to frustrate me then yeah, you should just politely stop the interview and go home. I don't buy it. An architect designs structures - most people don't know what the actual work of designing a structure looks like, but they know what a design of a structure looks like. An engineer figures out how to make a structure stand - most people don't know what the process of making a structure stand is, but they know what a standing structure looks like. A banker moves money around, people don't know how that is accomplished, but they know what a loan looks like. Most people I've met don't have any idea what a computer program looks like, not even that it involves text. I didn't say anything about the differences between languages, and I think you misunderstood my comment about "structured grammar". I didn't mean it as a specific feature of what I do, but as a generic feature of what a computer program is. I only meant that the closest analogy I've found to programming that most people can relate to is writing. "I keep computers working" and "I write computer programs" are on opposite sides of a conceptual understanding chasm - most people have tried keeping computers working, even if they hated it and failed miserably, but most people haven't tried programming, and don't really know what the concept means. Good post, but I'll say this: You are very employable and your concern about lacking a Stanford or MIT degree is laughably misplaced. Don't fall into the trap of thinking that silicon valley start-ups are the entirety of the programming employment world, it is far from the truth. That part made me grin. Most non-technical people I've talked to have expressed surprise that Google is the company furthest along with this technology. They see the problem as one of vehicular design rather than large-scale data analysis. Automakers are pretty good at the former, but nobody has proved themselves to be better at the latter than Google. Could you elaborate? Go feels nothing like Java to me. What is a good non-rules-based approach to teaching why a negative times a negative is a positive? I've seen a proof-through-absurdity showing that if -1 * -1 = -1, then you can make 0 = 2, and a proof using all three negativity permutations, and setting two different distributions equal, showing that ab = (-a)(-b), but the math for both of those approaches seems to be more advanced than the rule. I think that GitHub merely shifts the "dark matter" problem. I think your assertion about "rockstars" applies to GitHub just as well - for every person with an impressive GitHub account, there are tens of people who are better, toiling in obscurity. The point is that you can't just look for people who are famous or prolific on blogs or twitter or GitHub or whatever else. I question your assumptions. It is every individual person's prerogative to decide whether they wish to publish, and we should avoid setting up systems that exclude those who decide not to. Though I'm not familiar with the Lenovo trackpads in particular beyond playing with them on display models, the trackpad on MacBooks is a huge differentiator over any of the ones I've had on PC laptops. It works so well you forget how well it's working until you start using a different computer with a trackpad that now feels completely broken. Sorry to take this further off-topic, but was your choice of 25 years arbitrary or do you actually have someone in mind who Wallace picked up the torch from around that time? A problem with entirely made-up domain-less questions like this is that any additional constraints are equally as arbitrary as the question itself, and thus difficult to probe for in the same way that someone would probe a customer for constraints to real problems. It seems like you're very interested in people asking questions like "how big might the array be" or "what order of time can you afford to wait for the answer to this", to which you might answer "a billion" or, "as little as possible", but those questions are very different and less meaningful than questions like "how many users will this system have", and "how much time can users of this system afford to wait for a response", even though the answers may be the same. You are being overly pedantic here. One of the great things about two people from any reasonably mature field communicating with each other is that they can take advantage of widely-agreed-upon shorthand. Nearly everyone coming in for a programming interview in 2012 will understand that the '#' character is often used for non-executable program meta-data, that functions are often named with tokens such as 'add1', that 'param:' typically means a function parameter with a description of its value following the colon, what an 'array' is, how subscripts work with them, and what is meant by the terms left-to-right, forward, right-to-left, and backward (regardless of endian-ness, the inclusion of which is sort of humorous since our hypothetical interviewee has, up to this point, been assumed to be completely ignorant of programming-related terms). You go on to suggest defining the problem in terms of short-hand from a more mature, but less specifically relevant field, which I would argue would actually be well understood by fewer potential interviewees. I do agree with you that it should probably be pointed out that the number of occurrences should be stated as the absolute value of 'n', rather than just 'n', but this would become obvious very quickly when the candidate starts asking clarification questions. > As a programmer you should always know what kind of cost you are incurring, both asymptotically and down to cycles. No, as a programmer, you should be able to determine what kind of cost you are incurring when it matters , and much more importantly, you should be able to determine when it matters and when it doesn't. The point is that knowing that Zurich is in Switzerland is more similar to knowing that Denver is in Colorado than it is to knowing that Denver is in the United States. Presumably the size of the city is interesting because the implicit assumption is that knowing where Zurich is important because Zurich is a big city. ...Which is why it's so similar to how a typical American probably knows where some large cities in Europe are without having the slightest clue about which country many of them reside in. I think we're both wrong to a certain extent - you're de-emphasizing the differences between states in America too much, and I'm overemphasizing them. You believe that countries are different enough culturally that not knowing which culture a city is part of is ridiculous, I believe that states are different enough geographically that not knowing which geographic area a city is equivalently ridiculous. It's a pretty dumb argument. The legal enforcement of IP protections is already in place. They are not recommending any removal or rollback of the existing legal framework, they are suggesting that there are better things to focus on than expanding the current protections. Having said that, the list of signers does have a very people-who-don't-have-this-problem feel to it. You are speaking exclusively of the fiscal side of the current use of the word "conservative", which currently makes no sense from the point of view of the non-political definition of the word "conservative", because it would take a fairly radical set of policy changes to achieve those goals. This is why "libertarian" is a much better word for that type of "conservatism" - it refers to the goals themselves, not to the amount of policy change necessary to achieve them. However, on the social side of modern "conservatism", it truly is about conserving status-quo in many cases, even when that approach is at odds with "freedom and choice", (gay marriage, drug laws, etc.) tl;dr; Yegge's use of the word "conservative" is not wrong, but rather the use of the word "conservative" to describe the (usually exclusively-) fiscally libertarian portion of the modern "conservative" movement is wrong. It is not ad-hominem, he is using proof from a different source than the original article to show that the author is just flat wrong about services like Github providing no value. In this case, the minimum amount of value Github was adding was the cost of however much time it took the article to mess around with Nginx and then write his Go script. Multiplied across the entire population of people using Git (keeping in mind that many of them probably aren't capable of solving the gitweb problem), that is already a sizable value-add. I don't really disagree with you, but you've editorialized door number 1 to make the answer more obvious. Door number 1 is a different experience (because of the points listed in the post you replied to), which may be any of "slightly nicer", "slightly less nice", "way nicer", or ????. The point is that it will be different , whether that difference provides more or less value than ad-supported alternatives remains to be seen. Yeah that was the outlier. It seems more likely to me that the poster who said that failed to properly disconnect the printer from the network. A response from a naysayer: Factories are slow. Yes, they really are. Persisting everything along a chain of associations will always be slower than properly isolating the dependencies of the unit under test, SSD or not. It's easier to enjoy Ruby when not constantly waiting minutes for tests to run. Factories increase the over-all complexity of your app. Are you kidding me? Yes, they do . Expertise and huge, easy gains have nothing to do with reducing complexity and more often (but not always) increase it. A test suite where every test depends on state in a database is more complex than one that tests units in isolation. None of these points are arguing against Factory Girl, which is a great tool for doing what it does; they are arguing against integrating with the database in "unit" tests. As an FYI to your last point - in Rails master (which will be Rails 4), you can active-record-ify a class by including ActiveRecord::Model, rather than inheriting from ActiveRecord::Base. In fact, that is all ActiveRecord::Base does itself - https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/master/activerecord/lib/... . Who says they have to be? That's a design decision. There is literally nothing (besides maybe inertia?) that enforces that "rule". There's nothing wrong with using a normal programming language like Ruby either. Many people use RoR because it's a good tool, not because it's 'cool' (aside: is RoR even 'cool' these days?). All tools have their strengths and weaknesses and while I tend to agree with you that C# has nicer debugging tools, that is only one of many important considerations when choosing a tool. Agree with your other points, particularly about doing something that isn't social media. I used README and just manually stripped out all the whitespace. It worked fine. But a non-existent file is way more elegant I suppose. I don't see the connection between driving and "living my life as a human being", or the connection between riding in an automated vehicle and "having my balls cut". Human identity has nothing to do with driving. I can't wait until I don't have to do it anymore. Here's an example of an explicit plan to pass on a similar list of virtues: "A Boy Scout is Trustworthy, Loyal, Helpful, Friendly, Courteous, Kind, Obedient, Cheerful, Thrifty, Brave, Clean, and Reverent." Not as good as Franklin's list in my opinion, but it's exactly the type of thing you're saying we need, there are many boy scouts, and there are other organizations with similar goals and explicitly taught virtues. Perhaps you should take a look around outside your echo chamber and join or start the type of movement you're complaining doesn't exist. I actually agree with you about the boy scout echo chamber, and I shouldn't have taken the conversation in that direction in the first place, because it's irrelevant. What is relevant is that you say that we need to teach lists of virtues like this to future generations, and there are plenty of examples of that very thing. I'm not sure how you think "societal norms" work besides groups of like-minded individuals (a.k.a. "organisations") getting together and propagating their belief systems. Are you suggesting there is some sort of over-arching group representing our society that should be defining these sorts of norms? Wow, I felt the exact opposite! Level 8 was really fun for a bunch of reasons. It seemed like a tricky, probabilistic timing thing (despite their many statements to the contrary!) until the eureka hit and you saw the deterministic way forward. Eureka moments like that are fantastic. It was an attack I had never read about or thought about, but which (despite being admittedly contrived) could plausibly exist in the wild. It required writing a real program (which none of the others did). And most importantly, it was awesome to see the numbers spin and lock into place, just like they do in the movies :) Level 7 (which I really liked too!) was boring compared to that - either you knew about that specific hash attack or you didn't, and once you found out what it was meant to be, you just had to modify some stuff in a python repl to make it work. > Obviously many orders of magnitude more useful code has been written in COBOL and C++ than in Smalltalk and Lisp. That may be true, but it is not at all obvious that it is. Do you have some sources to back up that claim? What is an example of a use case for generics that can't be done, or is significantly less convenient to do, with interfaces? It sounds like there is at least some thought that generics may be included at some point, but I really haven't missed them thus far. Go's GC has a long way to go before it is anywhere near the maturity level of the JVM's. One of the biggest advantages of building a language on the JVM is that you get about the best GC implementation out there completely for free. You seem to be using a definition of "declarative" that I'm unfamiliar with. The functional languages you target in the second to last paragraph are very different from the more imperative languages in the final paragraph, and I wouldn't consider either group to be "declarative". I'm left wondering what concepts you're attempting to criticize. Having said all that, yes, I believe major commercial projects are started in those languages, though I have no idea if anybody plans them into the 2030s. Your views on environmentalism are interesting. Do you have data about most people being convinced "that no-one should be allowed to extend human life", or "that Malthus was right"? If we're going anecdote vs. anecdote, I really don't see what you're talking about - I hear very little about longevity or exponential population growth being the problem. What you mention that I do hear a lot about is that resources are running out. This concept seems almost a tautology to me - if resources are finite, and we are using them without replacing them, then they are running out. This says nothing of how quickly they are running out, which is why people are doing lots of research on this problem. Your point about incentives is actually exactly why the possibility of resource shortage frightens me more than nuclear war - the people of the world and their leaders are currently incentivized to trade off long-term resource scarcity for short-term economic growth, and there are currently many economies in need of growth. I think it's a balance. There is value in having people working on a given project aligned on the same basic workflow. To achieve that for a team that is currently growing or is planning to grow, you have to document what that basic workflow should look like. That "document" can be a set of social mores that are loosely enforced through complaint and argument, or an actual document somewhere, or a tool like your parent is suggesting. Such a tool, which makes the preferred workflow very easy and excursions outside it achievable but somewhat more difficult seems like a pretty good idea to me, and not at all as stuffy and prohibitive as you seem to fear. Do you attend meetups just to grow your network, or is growing your network a side product of your enjoyment of going to meetups? I think for people who aren't naturally social butterflies, networking should be thought of as one of, but not necessarily the best or most efficient of, the ways to force the job search process. For people who just like to socialize with people in their field, networking might be strictly the best way to find work. Arguing that language of any sort (including the mathematical sort) is not malleable depending on the context of its use is completely futile. This is a perfect example of the more common usage and the more correct usage of a "mathematical symbol with a well-known meaning" being totally at odds with one another. When confronted with someone using different definitions for their language usage than those you are using you can either argue with them about what the correct usage is or allow that language is not absolute and cooperate to calibrate your terms so that you can understand one another. It seems that btilly has decided to do the latter in this specific case, which is laudable. Your parent also accurately captures why Google Glass is a solution to a self-inflicted problem. I think there is a really significant editing problem - if you share everything , the unfiltered stream is way too much for yourself or anyone else to meaningfully consume at a later time, but if you are constantly picking and choosing what is and isn't worthy of sharing, then you lose the unobtrusiveness of the solution that your parent praised. I think I may have said the same thing you said. It's just you! The Ruby community, especially the Rails portion, is undergoing a fantastic philosophical and tooling maturation, which is pushing its viability past its former fast-paced start-up confines and into a larger, but perhaps less sexy market. I'm not sure which companies and projects you're specifically referring to, but while we're throwing out anecdotes, it seems to me that companies "moving away" from Ruby are making pragmatic decisions in response to specific pain points, while keeping Ruby in place where it better solves other pain points. That's how it's supposed to work! It is possible that you're making the same mistake you accuse the author of making. "You have a hammer and are seeing everything as a nail, but I have a screwdriver and all those things are actually screws." While I think GWT is a pretty good project and has some way to go before it can be categorized as failing, some of your other remarks make me think that you have not given appropriate consideration to the alternatives to its approach. First and foremost, you can write javascript in such a way that your code does nothing weird and only what you intended. A good place to start is still "JavaScript: The Good Parts"[1]. Then I suggest finding some examples of nicely written javascript code on GitHub or some such site. I personally think underscore.js[2] and backbone.js[3] are rather nice. If you have really given javascript a fair shot, and still strongly dislike it, there are many other languages that compile into javascript, but match its style more closely that Java does. I have been enjoying working in CoffeScript[4]. There is an excellent interactive book[5] that shows the javascript generated by the constructs in the language, which is also a good resource for discovering idioms to do things that are not obvious in javascript, like creating classes. TypeScript[6] and Dart[7] are both interesting languages with syntax more familiar to Java. There are a lot more languages that compile to javascript that I haven't mentioned[8]. It's possible that GWT and Java are the best fit for you, but don't pigeonhole yourself by thinking that they are the only good options out there. [1] http://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Good-Parts-Douglas-Crockfor... [2] https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore/blob/master/unde... [3] https://github.com/documentcloud/backbone/blob/master/backbo... [4] http://coffeescript.org/ [5] http://arcturo.github.com/library/coffeescript/02_syntax.htm... [6] http://www.typescriptlang.org/ [7] http://www.dartlang.org/ [8] https://github.com/jashkenas/coffee-script/wiki/List-of-lang... I looked into using D3 for making typical x-y line and bar charts and found that it required significantly more custom work than HighCharts. My take-away from the experience was that D3 is great for very custom visualizations, but if you want to do something simpler, it is worth looking for libraries that do only that simpler thing well. It is frustrating when people look at the complex trade-offs between developer time efficiency and software performance and see only a dichotomy between good and bad programmers. Better programmers are just that much more efficient with the more efficient tools. Most people should not be thinking of making "real money" when they purchase a home, they should be thinking of having a place to live. It takes a certain degree of financial security to start thinking about using leverage to multiply wealth, which many people buying mortgages don't have. Tying the risk of a leveraged investment to something as important as the place you live is dangerous for the large portion of the population that is not particularly financially savvy. >> Rights to our own creations should not be taken so lightly. Just like possession of our belongings should not be taken lightly, which is why nobody would actually put all their stuff in Chad's garage. People have already taken the rights to their creations lightly by posting them on a free service. I can't believe how far I had to scroll down the page to find any comment like yours. All flow all the time may be great for individual productivity, but it's absolute poison for team productivity. I think you may have hit the nail on the head with the cultural difference between "Java/C++/etc.", where downloading some sort of artifact is a more common use case than reading code, and "RoR or javascript", where it is the opposite. There is no good or bad here, but if you care more about code than artifact, Github is the better option. This is a huge problem, and it's even worse because of the great point Klabnick makes about the vocal maybe-minority. When somebody says "nobody actually does it that way", they may mean that nobody who writes blog posts actually does it that way. It's very difficult to tell the difference between things nobody is doing and things nobody is bothering to talk about doing. I read it differently. I don't see any proof that he has any particular talent for managing entire teams of outsourced developers, but rather that he was being paid 4/5 too much for work easy and unimportant enough that he seemingly never had to communicate about it much with anybody besides his employee. Many people need to work for someone they don't want to work for. You use a lot of words to make one good point, which is that jikl for movement and h for insert is a sensible key mapping. Whether or not you're aware of the advantages of near-home-row movement keys, all the snark surrounding your point is a disservice to it. I'm going to try your suggestion though, it makes sense. > This is systemic engineering incompetence that apparently pervades an entire language community The original target of that claim was the Ruby community. With this comment allowing the same issue existing in the Java community, are you leveling the same claim against it? Does every severe security issue that remains unnoticed by a community for some time and is eventually noticed suggest pervasive engineering incompetence throughout that entire community? Maybe you would be entirely right to make that claim because any security issue is indicative of incompetence at some level, but I think the closer your definition of incompetence comes to including everybody, the less useful that definition is. > While I know I can't trust Ruby and the Rails communities to do the right thing, I know with much more certainty that I can rely on the OpenBSD developers to. I find this intriguing. It seems to me that all of the recent Rails security issues have been communicated and patched quickly by the Ruby and Rails communities, while the ports maintained by the OpenBSD developers remained out of date and insecure, which argues for the opposite conclusion to the one you have drawn. But I don't think it's any knock on the OpenBSD developers, keeping up with patches in a fast-moving project like Rails is a losing proposition, so they're absolutely right to remove the ports and cede that maintenance responsibility. Assuming you and your parent are both coyly referring to the recent YAML parsing related Ruby and Rails vulnerabilities, I think the analogy is better than you realize. Raw strcat is to the built-in YAML parser as strncat is to the various whitelist-based YAML fixes[1]. Both strcat and the YAML parser work as intended, but should never be exposed to data controlled by an external source. Buffer overflows aren't intentional, but uses of strcat are, even when they are wrong. 1. https://github.com/dtao/safe_yaml Out of curiosity - was there any particular reason you reset your commit history at launch? I feel somewhat impotent when I come across a chunk of code I don't understand the reasoning of and discover that its history dead-ends at the initial release commit. If it is a clever way to get a bunch of people using Discourse right off the bat by asking questions in the meta forum [1], then it is ingenious and I applaud you! 1. http://meta.discourse.org/t/would-it-be-possible-to-see-the-... I agree with you about the grating self-satisfaction of a certain vocal set of commenters, and have argued in the past myself that there is no "magic" in Rails, but I think what people really mean when they say "magic" as related to a chunk of software, is that it has so many layers of abstraction that its function is obscured. All software deals in layers of abstraction, which makes it easier to reason about general function, but obscures specific function. All users of all software must make a constant trade-off between assuming abstractions are functioning properly and personally verifying their function, and all software must decide where the line between too little abstraction and too much obscurity should be drawn. When people talk about the "magic" in Rails, they mean that Rails has drawn that line quite far toward the abstraction side, which is true. There are some abstractions that are a net positive for security, and some that hinder it. While I don't agree with the condescending attitude of your parent and the many similar commenters, who seem to think no software they've ever written or integrated with has ever had a security issue, I think it is fair at this point to say that the level of abstraction in Rails' handling of user data has been a hindrance to its security. I think that is probably also a fair thing to say about most pieces of software that have ever handled potentially-malicious user data. Yes. When you write a controller action, you have access to what appears to be a hash called `params`, which is a representation of the parameters that the user passed in their request. It could be GET query parameters, or POST parameter data, or a parsed representation of JSON data. All of those different mechanisms are abstractions that Rails transparently provides. There are perhaps better examples in ActiveRecord, but that one seems more relevant. I think we agree on all points. People with less experience with Rails see "magic" where people with more experience see abstractions with all the trade-offs implied, and importantly, know how to dig into those abstractions to understand what is really going on. But that digging in process tends to be spurred by surprising behavior, rather than security consciousness. I like your analogy to toys and children, except that the danger of these toys is not immediately apparent to adults either. But the toy company has been very prompt and transparent in finding ways for people to avoid the danger once it becomes apparent. A few things. The condescending attitude is not necessary. I never claimed that it is somehow impossible or prohibitively difficult to determine how things in Rails work - it is very possible and I do it myself all the time. What I claimed is that Rails has chosen abstraction over obviousness, and gave an example of a place where I believe that is demonstrated. People usually inherit from AC::Base, not AC::Metal, which includes a number of modules, any of which may change the behavior of `params`. You didn't take your expose far enough. As I mentioned in my post, `params` is an already-parsed representation of user data. You traced the call chain a couple of steps, but did not get to the point where parameters are actually parsed. That's fine, I'm not at all interested in the specifics of how parameter parsing works, and I'm certain that you or I could go track it down when necessary. My point is only that it involves a number of layers of abstraction to get there - cataloging those layers is not a very compelling counterpoint. As always in software, there are lots of options. Here are two: 1. Provide the action with the raw request body as a string. It is then solely responsible for any and all parsing. 2. Provide the action with the raw request body as a string, but provide standard parsing classes that the action can use depending on what they are specifically doing. Both of those solutions would make the parsing code less abstract than the Rails solution, with different trade-offs. I believe this entire thread started because I claimed that Rails has chosen to be further toward the abstraction side of the scale. I can't tell if you really think I am wrong about that, or if you merely think that the choice Rails has made is the right one. If it's the latter, I agree with you , and never claimed otherwise. But it is a choice, and it has trade-offs. > In my experience trying to learn GIT, I was able to conclude that GIT introduces a LOT of terminologies, and concepts, making the path for beginners like me more and more difficult. So does Subversion, but you have already learned its terminology and concepts and are no longer a beginner. In my experience: - No - Yes - You have to put other things on hold and come up with something non-stop code worthy, which may be frustrating. There's a solution I like though - work on a known bug or new feature in some open source project, potentially of the candidate's choosing, but preferably not one either the candidate or interviewer is already a major contributor to. That way both people come to the problem with a similar low level of expertise and have to work together to come up to speed (which is a great real-work-like exercise). It also makes it obvious what to work non-stop on for that time. Bonus points for being way more useful than a make-work wheel reinvention project and for not being free work for the interviewer's company. I think you're willfully missing the point - you don't have to implement an rb tree without the built in containers because the language comes with built in containers. Python doesn't need to be optimized for doing such things from scratch because hardly anybody ever needs to do such things from scratch. I don't follow the music business, but I'm certain there are companies that have had this insight and will be major players in the next generation of the industry. Anybody know who they are? You seem to know a lot about the XML specification. More than your parent and certainly more than me. That's great, and following specifications is good and all, but citing the spec as requiring that "a namespace-aware XML parser must fault on undeclared namespaces" does not give me any sense for why I would want it to. Put another way - what does the namespace declaration and halting error due to its omission accomplish for me? Failing to define a content type is obviously dumb, but I can't seem to get riled up about leaving off namespace declarations. You must have read that with a different definition of "interface" than I did. Under my reading of "user interface", I don't see any way that a developer writing tests has anything to do with how nailed down it is. You need user feedback for that. I do think Parsec would be better off if " " were something like "parsecOR". Good function names are good. Thanks for the constructive suggestion - I don't have much invested in this particular little debate so I'm not sure I'll take the time to do that, but it's definitely a good idea. I will say that in my opinion, the alternative in the reply above this (which I can't reply to) looks fairly nice, is clearer, and not even a little bit harder to follow. But I'll allow that as a very casual Haskell programmer, my opinions about Haskell are probably not particularly valid. One thing I love about Highcharts is that the documentation is heavily linked to examples on jsfiddle. Your documentation looks really nice and you have lots of nice examples, but I can't play with them. edit: I meant to say that I can't play with them as far as I can tell. Is there a way that I'm missing? > someone somewhere understood what is going on. Not quite. A huge group of someones in aggregate understood what is going on. There is still no single expert who designed the system originally. Eventually, or perhaps already in many cases, some portion of the system has no living expert who designed it. I can imagine a future where expertise on some deep components of the system has been lost to the sands of time, and people have to study them blindly to determine their function in just the same way that we currently study nature. Neat. edit: I think raelshark and Carl Sagan said it better than I did. Two answers for your one question: no, it absolutely doesn't make sense to throw out the time and energy you have invested in PHP, but yes, it absolutely does make sense to start from scratch with one of the other two. Both in fact, and any others that you come across. The more the merrier! Programming languages don't take up mutually exclusive niches in your brain, they complement one another. What is the spirit of not providing the tax credit to leases as well as purchases? (Actual curiosity, not trying to imply anything.) This is an interesting perspective if I'm understanding you correctly. Are you saying that Rails is "magical" because it is often presented to new people that way, but if it were more often presented as "a bunch of Ruby code that does a bunch of stuff, please do go look and see how it does that stuff", it would not be "magical" without being implemented or documented at all differently? Thanks, that makes perfect sense. I didn't realize that the first lease also qualifies for the credit. The elephant in the room is, of that 80% of piraters, what percentage of them were actual potential customers at the $20 price, and what percentage had no interest in the game at that price. If 0% of the piraters were really customers, then you lost nothing through pirating and sold to the entirety of your actual customer base, which just happens to be only 20% of all the people who have your product. If 100% of the piraters were customers, then you have indeed lost out on most of your potential revenue. Of course neither of us can say what that percentage really is, I think probably very close to 0% and I expect you think much closer to 100%. Obviously you're free to make your tool choices however suits you, but I think you are putting a pretty severe artificial limit on what tools you'll be able to use by basing so much of your analysis on deep Eclipse compatibility. You're letting your tool own you rather than you owning your tool. While holding that unpopular view may be admirable, I agree with your parent that closing one's mind to the opposing view on any topic is not admirable. Perhaps he meant that he had already considered the debate and found all the arguments wanting. Let's say you have a developer whose time is worth $120/hr to you. If that developer spends two hours futzing with configuring an irc channel in a year and no time futzing with this service then it has paid for itself without needing to offer anything extra. It seems like they're attempting some extra features to sweeten the deal anyway. Maybe I missed this somewhere else in the thread but ... what do you do? I feel like I can't quite grok your comment without that context. The right approach to someone who says they have a particularly delicious bottle of wine is always "let's talk about it after I've had a couple glasses". I think there's a lot of humblebrag for sure, but for me the annoyance isn't that they are annoying but that they seem to provide a very useful service so poorly that they are a net negative. I don't want to humblebrag about unsolicited recruitment attempts, I want a quiet and fruitful partnership with somebody who does the job well. Your parent is judging that his lifestyle choices are better for him while the subject of the interview is judging that his lifestyle choices are better for everyone . I'm not saying who is right or wrong, but let's not conflate the two different points being made. If I understand the poster you're replying to, he understood that, but doesn't understand why you would want that. I'm in the same boat - why are people willfully throwing away useful history? Feature branches, merge commits, and small (possibly broken!) commits are all better documentation of the process of developing a feature than big "cleaned up" commits. Thanks for the well reasoned response! Your points are all reasonable, and I understand the pragmatism in wanting only fully-green commits to be on origin. I just think merge commits for logical chunks of work are more important. I read history to understand developer intention and process more than I bisect history to find problems. Those conflicted commits aren't broken, they represent the best effort at the time the changes were made and merely need to be merged together with the world as it is now. Any time you rebase you rewrite history, not only when you rebase public branches. It is significantly worse to re-write the history of public branches as you've pointed out. Your work in progress also has a history that you re-write when you rebase. I have a different reading of the discussion. What I see is that lots of people have different philosophies and workflows, all of which are being supported by git, which is a good thing. What happens when your one-right-tool picks a workflow that I don't like? It's simple: you're into working off of the newest state of the world as much as possible and I'm into working off of a snapshot of the world as much as possible and then merging in my snapshot plus modifications when I'm done. I think your way sounds like it deals with changes to the world more often than I want to, and also loses the context of what your commits looked like when you actually made them, but it's a fine way of doing things, and is especially useful if you're submitting changes to a project for somebody else to merge. Honest question: aren't the concurrency primitives in Go largely intended to make concurrent memory accesses like this an anti-pattern? If so, why are so many races cropping up that a detector tool is necessary/very useful? What separates this idea from prototyping in my view is that they are suggesting keeping the "prototyped" UI as the real deal and then building a back-end to support it, rather than re-building the front-end along with the back-end. The back-end is developed using all of the well-documented places where the front-end needs support as a spec. It seems to me that it isn't for testing a REST API but rather for testing something that depends on one without having to deal with real integration issues. Great comment! I'm similarly situated in life and know plenty of people my age who aren't so well situated. While my anecdotes tend to differ from yours in that I don't see a general lack of motivation, you've already handled that argument; perhaps I just know people who are highly driven rule-exceptions. Having said that, I do believe there was a time in this country when going to college meant you were a motivated person who could expect a high likelihood of success finding a good job after graduating. This seems to be different now. More people go to college now, which could either represent an increase in the number of people who are motivated or a decrease in the proportion of people who go to college despite being unmotivated. A smaller proportion of college graduates are successful in finding a good job, which could either mean that it has changed in lock-step with the diminishing level of student motivation or that there are motivated students who now have more trouble finding good jobs. My anecdotal sense of both of these things is that increasing college attendance is a sign of more young people being more motivated than ever rather than a sign of unmotivated people increasingly attending college, and that the market for good jobs for college graduates has lagged behind the number of motivated graduates competing for them. I think there was a time that people with humanities degrees from good schools were widely thought by businesses to be highly intelligent, hard-working, and imminently employable. Now I see people scoff at such degrees as the useless outcome of bad decision-making. Perhaps the new reality is that far more people need to be motivated to develop the passion and drive required to succeed in a business of their own making, but I personally think it's a shame that there seems to be far less room these days for people who just want to work hard for someone else. I wonder if your hiring process isn't more narrow and exclusionary of independent learners than you think. It is really quite easy in 2013 to have racked up 8 years of real high-quality development experience without having any idea how memory allocation works at a detailed level. For some portion of the people with 8 years experience it will be easy for them to go and independently figure out how it works and for others it won't. You want people in the first group, but you can't find them just by asking them questions about memory allocation. (Also, do you do something having to do specifically with memory allocation or is it just your pet entry on the list of things you think everybody should know about to not be dumb?) I'm curious - have you been burned by issues with licenses in the past? I've never had licensing affect me in any tangible way and so they are really more of a vague theoretical, and thus low priority, concern for me. But I am vaguely aware that this is theoretically the wrong position to have while yours is the right one. That all makes perfect sense. I think I misread your original comment somewhat - I read it as "licenses are the #1 thing I consider when evaluating projects", rather than "of the projects I decide not to use after evaluating, licenses are the #1 reason for that decision", which isn't the same thing at all. This is exactly the sort of thing that I wish I could use something like bitcoin for. I groaned when I clicked "Pay Now" and saw PayPal. It doubles my time-investment in the article and significantly drags down my average enjoyment per minute. It's not an interface, it's a language. Most (all?) languages have collisions between in-band and out-of-band information and ways to "escape" them. Bah - the point is not that it is better to look things up than to have an IDE know things for you, the point is that if your IDE doesn't know those things, you should be able to find them yourself. It is bad to be beholden to intellisense to the point where you actually can't use a language that it doesn't work well for. Did you include Google Charts or Highcharts as described in the installation instructions? Yep, and the comments can be summarized as "I don't know anything about Go but I have incredibly strong negative opinions about it based entirely on this article. Oh also, I hate GitHub." This line of reasoning seems to make it hard to suggest that certain things are and aren't idiomatic in different languages without being accused of being closed-minded and hostile. If I read an article claiming that Ruby sucks because of some project where the developer decided to use a Makefile instead of bundler, I would say "the developer should have used bundler!", and you could accuse me of the same hostility you're accusing Go proponents of here. Conventions really do exist for a reason, and really should be followed until you understand them well enough to reject them for a good reason. I'll see your anecdotes with my own; I've had nothing but extremely pleasant interactions with the Go community and think it is much less closed-minded and condescending than most. The real shame is that so many people are willing to outsource their opinion-building to random ranters on random message boards. > The sentence you quoted actually is itself an anecdote No, it is a conclusion drawn from an implied accumulation of anecdote. An actual anecdote would be something like, "when my brother on the other side of the country had a baby, I found out on Facebook, and was thus more connected to him." Ie. it would demonstrate connectedness to someone far away who is cared about deeply. I think the original author and the poster you replied to probably have very different definitions of "deeply". Facebook doesn't seem very useful for first tier people who get the phone/snail mail/IM/email treatment or third tier people who you don't care to keep up with much, but it has a sweet spot in that second tier. It's usefulness to individual people is probably proportional to how large their second tier is. Oops, I think the author meant to have copy[key] = val for the last line of this example: copyObject: (inputObject) -> copy = [] for key, val of inputObject copy.key = val As written, it uselessly sets a bunch of values to the key property in turn. The point stands though. Things like this are what make Don Draper such a fantastic (and fantastically loathsome) character. He knows which buttons to push at which times. It is that quality that makes him both successful in his career and miserable in his life. You should read the article. It prominently features a very interesting description of precisely why their `canonicalise` function turned out to not be idempotent, even though it was meant to be. It's pretty simple really, and far from unique to programming (let alone to the Ruby and JS communities in particular): all communities tend to take criticism from insiders in good faith, and tend to take criticism from outsiders more personally. It is obvious from reading the thread that Tony Morris is "inside" the Scala community, both due to his demonstrated depth of knowledge and to the deference and consideration given to his question. You have to earn the ability to say "Scala is not well-designed" on a Scala list. If somebody showed up and started a thread saying, "I just discovered Scala and it is immediately clear to me that it is poorly designed", it would turn out very differently. It seems to me that there is a pretty typical mix of criticism coming from inside the Ruby and JS communities being responded to thoughtfully, and criticism from outside being responded to defensively. I actually didn't say that one needs to be "inside" a community to criticize it, merely that all human communities tend to respond differently to criticism from within than from without. (For instance, Seinfeld's dentist Tim Wotley converting to Judaism "for the jokes".) It seems to me that "evil" is such a poorly defined word that any argument that depends on a particular definition will fail to compel anyone who doesn't already see things the way you do. All the turnkey tyranny and righteous shortsightedness seems like a (perhaps fairly banal) type of evil to me, but it really just comes down to using different definitions of the same word. Enforcing things like #2 is what the press is for. Write a law, try to find instances of the authorities breaking it (or look for whistleblowers!), cause a stink. The difficulty of the second and third parts of that formula shouldn't be a reason to not write the law (presuming it's a good one). Not nearly so easily and cheaply as they once could on Geocities. It seems true to me that it is actually more difficult and expensive to put up a simple amateur static arbitrary page of HTML in 2013 than it was in 1999. Even ignoring idealism and nostalgia aside, there is clearly an unfilled niche here. I think the hard part mentally (that your incredibly great explanation completely alleviated) is trying to guess at the meaning of the interplay of all the instructions, addressing modes, register overlaps, and calling conventions. It seems like the only way to turn that from difficult (impossible) guess-work to mere sand-unloading drudgery is to either have a lot of it memorized already, or to have a very strong command over the various documentation resources. Maybe I'm the weirdo, but I think that's an extremely useful results page. What are you looking for when you search for "sushi" besides (more likely) nearby sushi restaurants or (less likely) information about what sushi is. The screen real estate seems to reflect those two possibilities in what seems to me to be a sensible proportion. You don't have to be a "Seriously Formal Agile folk" for a "spike" to be a useful concept. It just means that for a certain feature, you admit that you really don't know how hard it is, so you give yourself some time to get a better sense of it, usually by doing a quick and dirty version of the feature that you may or may not end up using. I'm sure you've done the same thing for years without needing a word for it, but hey, it can be useful to label concepts. Allowed and encouraged! It's good to both have standard tools that not everybody needs to reimplement differently (and often poorly) and to understand how those tools work. Everyone should take the time to get at least highly acquainted with the libraries they depend on. I suppose this was a good way for your parent to learn that lesson, but it's also a good example of why benchmarks aren't everything for frameworks; their design and community matter a lot. The post about internal and external iteration is fantastic and definitely makes a good argument for a language supporting both (which newer versions of Ruby do, actually), but this part left me scratching my head: > As far as I can tell, you simply can’t solve [the interleave example problem] using internal iterators unless you’re willing to reach for some heavy weaponry like threads or continuations. I must be missing something, because it doesn't seem particularly hard: class Array def interleave_each(other) self.zip(other).each do | a, b | yield a if a yield b if b end end end Am I cheating somehow, or have I misunderstood the problem? Edit: Ah, I see, the problem is that I'm relying on the specific semantics of lists, which works for the example as written, but not for the general case (ie. if I have one file and one list). Forgive my mathematical ignorance, but you've piqued my curiosity and I haven't had any luck in searching - what is DGL? Defensive American undergraduate educated anecdote: my degree was in computer science and I studied this third year. Can't speak for anybody else. Thanks! I was going bonkers trying to find that with only the acronym. Yep, didn't mean to suggest the course is irrelevant to computer scientists. I meant to imply that if they're teaching it to CS students third year, presumably physics students are learning it earlier and/or in more depth. This is the part I'm always curious about in these discussions: how do people get away with not paying? Is it a debt that is often discharged in bankruptcy or is there some other mechanism by which the debt is erased? It is ironic that you mention having a single way of doing things and C++ in the same breath. The reason there are multiple ways of doing things in nearly all languages is that people have found that not all common use cases fall nicely into one construct. A language can either be plauged by everyone reimplementing some common constructs or it can add some of those constructs as "another way of doing things". I don't really get this thread at all actually. Most of the article was about how Go actually has three looping constructs, so the entire premise seems ...off. Great article - I particularly enjoyed the discussion of the relative distributions of different types of loops in the Go standard libraries. Having said that, I thought the Go `readLine` using channels example was strange. The goroutine that provides lines to the channel actually still needs to loop over the lines, and in fact includes a DRY version of the loop in question: for { line, ok := file.readLine() if !ok { break } // ... } This is not to say that using an unguarded loop with a break is necessarily the best way to do this, but it seems to be the simplest DRY way to do this. I think he just wanted an excuse to demonstrate `range` with a channel. I think the strongest criticism is that nobody on the mainstream internet is using this stuff. I'm not sure what your parent meant by a "complete reboot", but my interpretation is that all of the user experience needs a reboot, not the underlying crytpo. I also hate this idea, but I agree that the long term trend is for society to support very few jobs. Do you disagree that this is the trend? If not, do you have any better ideas for what to do about it? I'm sure this will just further your impression of the general sentiment, but I want to try to explain it as a US citizen. The biggest problem many people have with what the NSA has been revealed to be doing is that it breaks laws regarding the US government's ability to invade the privacy of its citizens, and it does so in secret, precluding real democratic oversight. While spying on foreigners may be unsavory, it does not fundamentally break our government the way (secretly) spying on citizens does. The terrorists who attacked us on 9/11 didn't start two wars and introduce countless (bad) societal changes, we did those things in response to the terrorist attacks. The distinction is important. We made a choice. I am not a pacifist. I do not excuse the actions of the terrorists, I denounce them in the strongest possible terms. There can never be any justification for what they have done. But I have less standing to criticize their actions than to criticize those of my government. Part of my job as a citizen of this country to hold opinions on its behavior, and my opinion is that since 9/11 we have been largely fighting the wrong people, and that the fight has been expensive in cost and in civil liberties. I believe the cure has been worse than the disease, and that the severity of the disease has been, and continues to be, overstated. You are, of course, right that it's easy to criticize from an armchair, but representative democracy is all about finding a balance between the opinions of the experts with the most skin in the game and the wider populace, of which I am a part. I don't need to be a direct participant in the struggle against terrorism to be entitled to an opinion on it. I'm very sorry about your friends. On the bright side, the government might actually start taking the NSA concerns seriously if it starts having a detectable effect on the profitability of one of the country's most important growth industries. It seems like it's already becoming a reality in terms of foreign markets, but a reasonably large domestic boycott of a marquee next generation console would be bigger. I'm never sure if this is a generational thing or just a who-you-happen-to-know thing, but the concept of being an "outcast" because of not using Facebook just sounds ludicrous to me. Your friends wouldn't IM you or email you or text you or call you or talk to you in person if you weren't on Facebook? I'm fine with you disagreeing with me, but I'd prefer you to disagree with my actual belief. I believe that the threat has been overstated, not that there is no threat. There is an extremely wide band between "no threat" and "such an enormous threat that our society must be fundamentally altered in order to meet it". The former would be a vast understatement, but I believe the latter is a (much less vast) overstatement. Of course I have no hard data to base any of these beliefs on, because any such data is secret, these are merely the conclusions I've drawn from what I'm allowed to know. I completely agree with you that terrorism is winning as a strategy. The goal of terrorism is to make us afraid, and we are afraid. I do think it warrants a strategic realignment. I'm not against all new strategies, just the ones that appear to me to be illegal or outside what I believe to be the spirit of the law. I totally get your argument though. It is a dangerous world. I think we are just willing to make different trade-offs in the mitigation of that danger. I think the newer alternatives are more standard, easier to understand, easier to write for my own services, and less error prone than sysvinit scripts. You may disagree with all of those points, but it really isn't a "you're an old fart and this is how we're doing it today" explanation. By all means, argue against the specific reasoning, but claiming there is none and it is just progress for its own sake is spurious. Ah, yeah, sorry, that totally wasn't clear. Perhaps a better word would have been "consistent". This is true, but not the full story. Your parent specifically called out his lack confidence in U.S. companies , not in the U.S. government . While I agree that our laws shouldn't necessarily be designed to protect non-citizens, their design preferably shouldn't result in our companies losing access to foreign markets. > What if you're a straight lady dev looking for a job? Why would "female" devs be a job perk? Because many women are sick of always being the only woman on a development team. I think the line can be read to either signal that the environment is female-dominated ("There are lots of women here to work with!") or male-dominated ("There are lots of women here to objectify!"). Whatever their intent, it's a terribly awkward line. I think many gun rights activists are applying the same concept to privacy. One of the most encouraging things I've experienced in this debate is that while it certainly seems divisive, the divisions don't seem to be along party lines, or even particularly obvious ideological lines. I've argued with people I almost always agree with and agreed with people I almost always argue with. It is actually refreshing that there is actually a debate happening and that the debate seems to involve more individual opinions and less of the usual blocs. It may be off topic in an argument against the propriety of a specific patent within the current system, but is absolutely on topic in an argument favoring reform due to that system having overstepped its initial charter. I think your parent was making the latter argument. It's pure cheekiness. He is making the point that we're currently doing all sorts of things that would have seemed backwards to some researchers even 40 years ago. I think there are (at least) two very different kinds of talks: those that are meant to teach you worthwhile things, and those that are meant to inspire you to invent worthwhile things. All the talks I've seen from him are in the latter category. For what it's worth, this is also a very common pattern in ruby, using blocks: def with_error_handler if error = yield puts "error: #{error}" end end def do_things error = do_this return "error doing this: #{error}" if error error = do_that return "error doing that: #{error}" if error nil end with_error_handler do do_things end Having said that, I did need to read the Go version more than once to grok it. I theoretically like Go's syntax for defining functions that take functions, but in practice I find it quite hard to scan, especially if there are more parameters on top of the function, or the passed function has multiple returns, or (god forbid!) it takes a function itself - it can all become quite a lot of bookkeeping. Absolutely, I'm going through some of my code now where I had thought of the first improvement as obvious but hadn't considered that second, much nicer solution in Go. It really is like making a custom Maybe type. It might be another pattern to be improved on to have tons of these sorts of custom types running around, though... Your opinions on teachers are really easy to nod your head along with, until you actually talk to some teachers about the effects that they are able to observe, directly, of the in-vogue obsession with "actual metrics" (standardized tests) on the actual, ya know, education of their students. I'm sure many teachers disfavor more testing because they know they fear their unfitness, but I think most of them disfavor more testing because they feel we are already testing too damn much , thus trading off a tangible negative short-term effect for a speculative positive long-term effect. Every hour a student spends taking a test is an hour not spent learning. (Apologies for the totally off-topic response to your only mostly off-topic comment.) I prefer GUIs strictly for better window manager and system copy-paste integration, but I think that is irrelevant to vim/Sublime, as you can (and I do) use gVim or MacVim. I like vim movement and editing commands a lot, but I'm not much of a configuration fiddler - I fiddle if I must, but I find no joy in it. I switched to Sublime because it gives me adequate (if somewhat mediocre) vim commands, plus other fiddle-free features that I had to fiddle into my vim, most notably command-t file fuzzy-finding (which also works much better, on top of being fiddle-free). I also really like the command palette (which I haven't seen a vim corollary for) and the package manager (which is much easier than the various alternatives in vim IMO). edit: For balance, it also has its annoyances, and I sometimes wonder if I should switch back. > The issues with package versioning and dependency management are well known and frequently discussed in the Go community. Is there a good place to see the current status of that discussion, or is it just spread across the mailing list? I always seem to see you in any thread involving "new" technologies that you find "inferior", most of which are not very new and, like all technologies, are tough to put on a precise inferiority/superiority scale in an objective context-insensitive way. I'm beginning to move past annoyance to pure curiosity - why do you care so much what technologies other people find useful? In what way does people's enjoyment of Ruby/Rails, Javascript, NoSQL, etc. harm you so much that you have decided to come and be nasty any time anybody speaks positively of them? Oh no! They're pronounced the same! No end of confusion... Your goal of seeing higher adoption of technologies you like and lower adoption of those you don't makes sense but your approach is misguided. I rarely see you speak positively of technologies you like, rather than negatively of those you don't. I rarely see you reasonably describe the shortcomings of technologies you don't like from a place of apparent expertise, rather than making ungrounded categorical statements ("hobbyist", "objectively-flawed", "horrid", "poor") about technologies that it doesn't seem like you have bothered learning about in any depth except that necessary to confirm your biases. Plenty of people would prefer to inherit my broken software using horrid technologies than your broken software using different horrid technologies, and vice-versa. This unnecessary us-versus-them-ism in technology drives me crazy. I realized something recently about docs-vs-blogs. An important difference between the two is that official documentation of a project is the place to say "this is how it is done", whereas blogs are a place to say "this is how I do it". If there isn't a consensus on how something should be done, but you think the way you do it is nice, it definitely makes sense to write about that in a blog post, but it only possibly makes sense to propose your way for official documentation. I think it took all those blog posts to generate all the consensus necessary to make the "pretty decent" (I would say "very good") Rails docs possible. Developing the UI without using JS wouldn't be harder , it would make the UI less usable . As a user of online banking software, I don't think it worked at all as well "before the modern trend of trying to make everything act like a desktop app", I think it totally sucked. Maybe that's a worthwhile security trade-off, but let's at least talk about the real trade-off. It sounds like it is our expectations rather than our experiences that differ wildly. I have many times said that I would like to be able to get to my balance without a new page loading. That and much more. Clearly, "new page loading" isn't really the metric I care about. I care about how quickly and un-frustratedly I can accomplish whatever I'm trying to accomplish. Anecdotally, and limiting the discussion to banking websites, I find the "new page loading" metric correlates with the "slow and frustrating" metric. I get the sense that you feel differently, and I don't think it's worthwhile for me to try to talk you into frustration or you to try to talk me out of it. You may be able to convince me that the frustration of going JS-free is worth the enhanced security, but as of now, there appear to be better solutions. Honestly, here's the thing for me - I agree with your comment in theory, but in practice, I'm not so sure. This forum was never meant for politics, and I think it's a real bummer that a potentially large faction of the readership here will forever have a tarnished view of the discussion here due to the strong political bent of the last few weeks. But in practice, I really don't know where else to go to see smart people discuss this topic. I know lots of places to find lots of people loudly agreeing with each other on one side of the debate or another, and I know some places where people debate it with the I'm-more-stubborn-and-louder-than-you methodology. Certainly the discussion here has been guilty of both of those sins at times, but I've yet to find a forum with more adversarial but civil discussion than this one. Suggestions? I don't know if any of those sites use it, but I really like this open source replay analysis library: https://github.com/GraylinKim/sc2reader Meh, I anecdotally disagree - I don't think tipping seems to correlate with service at all. Where does that get us? A well-researched article on the negative side and a couple of zero-researched anecdotes canceling each other out on the positive side. Too bad the article didn't include research on the benefits as well as drawbacks. Counterpoint: if you're learning a new language (or a new anything, really), it is much easier to reinvent than to invent. Just depends on what your goals are; whether you care more about the project you're working on or learning the thing you're learning. TLDR; Get "Cryptography Engineering"[0] instead. 0: http://www.amazon.com/Cryptography-Engineering-Principles-Pr... Great story, thanks for sharing, but there seems to be an obvious remaining question: why in the world did you do it for so long? What could you possibly do with $165k a year that is worth such pointless torture? Completely agree - I see links to frameworks and tools in the article but none to projects and products made with them. I'm not so convinced that YAGNI generally leads so directly to "elegant, short, and easy to maintain code" as you say. Certainly, with a very keen sense of when to make the transition from Ain't to Are, it can lead to time-savings and simpler and more focused code, but with less discipline or tight deadlines or (typically) both, it can also lead to repetition and the complexity of maintaining many one-off features, even if each is relatively simple in itself. Something very similar can be said for a more architectural philosophy - with a very keen sense of when a design is liberating and when it is burdensome, it can lead to less repetition and targeted maintenance, but with less discipline it can lead to analysis-paralysis and over-engineering. Like most things, the best answer is somewhere in the middle. My preference is YAGNI while keeping a sharp eye on things that are relatively hard to make extensible later and relatively easy to make extensible now. To tack on another not-great example to the not-great Dog example - if I find myself writing 'dog' a bunch of times in a bunch of ways, I may well pull that out into some sort of `type` variable even if I-ain't-gonna-need-it. Well, I agree with you because you're agreeing with me, but I'm not sure your comment that I replied to agrees with you. From my reading, it definitely implies that YAGNI leads to good code and architecture astronautics doesn't, entirely ignoring developer skill. Perhaps you just oversold your point. Counter-anecdote: my company switched from a github.com organization to GitHub Enterprise and it was (is) fantastic. No corruption, great support, easy to manage, surprisingly fast upgrade cycle, etc. Not trying to downplay the problems you seem to have had, just don't want to see the classic "complaints when things go wrong, silence when things go right" pattern with a product that I think is really great. They are. A better headline would have been something like "refactoring an existing backbone.js project to use require.js". His project still uses backbone.js, but now it also uses require.js. Ha! Hadn't ever seen that before. I wonder if they ended up working around it, ignored it until it was fixed, or threw their hands in the air and re-wrote the bot in C++. I didn't read it as implying that you are Ryan Holiday in disguise, but rather that your sticking up for his book is evidence of the success of his clever tricks. I agree, but perhaps for different reasons. The authoritarian-apologist doublespeak it's full of is even more damning than the original story. It's interesting that you link to your patent but not to the "something pretty much exactly like that". If I am correct in assuming that what you built is a) obsolete now and/or b) proprietary, then the answer to your (rhetorical?) question is: yes, a highly respected open-source organization working on a modern and freely available project (even if it is nearly identical to one of yours from a decade ago) is progress. The funny thing about that analogy to me has always been that throughout history we have constantly improved the wheel through reinvention. Software wheel-reinvention is similarly reasonable. Interesting perspective! Ignoring the funny-but-silly analogy itself, it seems that at the time of the article, the industry accepted best practices as determined by veteran architects with eight times the experience were bad for a lot of the software being made using them. I'm all for deference to experience, but I think there is sometimes a dangerous temptation for experience to believe it is right because of its experience, rather than to use its experience to be right. I guess my rebuttal is very schoolyard...so what? I don't really understand the goal of meta-discussions about the speed of progress or lack thereof. This project seems potentially useful in the here and now, which is where we are living. I didn't mean to imply judgment of the licensing of your software - I think everyone should license whatever they make however they wish - a fully free version of anything is simply more useful to me personally, as someone who isn't a deep-pocketed business, and who enjoys reading code. Sorry to harp on the pedantic point, but your parent's point still stands: you said you never once paid for access, when in fact you seem to have exactly once paid for access, which is different. The point that paying for access makes sense only if it is through YCombinator may be a good one but it's a significantly weaker one than you were originally making. Instead of an unequivocal "no", you're saying "no, but...", which is more complicated. Hmm, this makes sense, but I think they need to find a new neutral word - leaker seems to have moved significantly closer to "traitor" than to "whistle-blower" amongst most of the people I talk to. You're both being far too black-and-white or even adversarial - the jobs of both the product and development teams is to talk to each other to determine how to realistically make the product that the customers want. Gah, this is an awful pointless pedantry battle but I can't help it - OP said that, and also said that YC was something good, and YC is a program wherein you pay for (in part) access. Your first paragraph may be right, but I think the rest is wrong. Paper education materials have a recurring distribution cost, whereas digital materials have a larger up-front but mostly one-time cost. Investment in both digital education materials and widespread access to computers is what is revolutionary, not the specific lessons. There is always some sort of blurb in an article like this that says something dismissive like "such a such a video which was proved bad by such and such people was switched out for a better one after the criticism". That's the point! One video file on some server somewhere is overwritten and everybody immediately has better materials than they did before. No new workbooks, no new editions of textbooks, no printing press or shipping involvement whatsoever, it's just fixed . I'm sure a lot of these educators agree with that premise and would love to start a competing platform or work for Khan Academy itself on improving its material. Perhaps the real criticism is that Khan Academy is a major hype suck, making competitors hard to launch, and that it's apparent success has made it over-confident and closed to wider collaboration with educators. Ah, sorry, in a late-night stupor, I mis-read your "paper version" as literally paper version . I totally agree with you personally, but I think videos are more useful for lots of people. It's interesting that in a thread about inferential statistics you are asserting inferences based on anecdotes with very small sample size, rather than statistics. It's possible that there haven't been enough MOOC statistics classes to really make a significant inference, but that seems to suggest "we'll have to wait and see" rather than "they're all shit". I thought the on-boarding was rather pleasant! Keep up the good work! I expected to be able to attempt other peoples' quests, but I don't seem to be able to. Is that outside your scope, just not implemented yet, or am I simply missing it? About 10 minutes after I posted this, you commented on one of my Quests and ended up turning it into a stencil, thus answering my question before I got back here to read your actual answer! It's a neat idea, I'll have to check out the meta-quests. I completely agree that the user's experience of using a form should be well thought out, and that error messages like "please remove spaces" shouldn't be part of any well thought out form, but suggest that anything is free of trade-offs is absolute nonsense. That `string.replace()`, along with all the others for all the other things your well thought out form does the thought-at-the-time-to-be-right thing with open the door to both bugs and user confusion. It's worth it, but it isn't free . Well, unfortunately the word "fascist" isn't particularly meaningful anymore. But there certainly isn't any doubt that Fourth Amendment protections for documents in peoples' homes haven't been considered to be extended to digital communications moving through various service providers' pipes, and that various government agencies have been having a field day with surveillance data they've been able to legally justify collecting based on that lack of Constitutional protection. It seems largely like a widespread failure to create language protecting digital privacy in the same spirit as analog privacy was originally protected. Maybe that's fascism, but it seems less useful to use words without agreed upon meanings. I agree with a lot of what you're saying, but I actually don't think the recent surveillance scandals are the best example of corporatism. It is very unclear that corporations (for instance AT&T, in the article) are actually colluding with the government, rather than being legally compelled to comply. Perhaps somewhat oddly, I don't think the OP meant "Secret Services" to have any relation with the Secret Service, but rather merely as a catch-all for the various secretive intelligence services. He probably shouldn't have capitalized it. It's likely he doesn't have the expertise to do that. An interesting idea could be to use the notoriety and format of something like Railscasts to "franchise" similar resources about different technologies. I honestly think (1) is the real key. I constantly decide not to submit comments when it turns out I've used a bunch of words to just say "I agree", and hit the upvote button instead. Also, to another of your parent's gripes - if someone only responds to a narrow point, it should be safe to assume they agree with the other, or broader, points, and that's why they didn't respond to those. But silent agreement and loud disagreement does make it seem like everyone is mad at each other all the time. That sounds awful. You should cut that shit out of your life like it's a bad drug. You don't need it. Admitting things that make it obvious that you care too much what your friends think is courageous and introspective. He opened himself up to the inevitable ridicule of people like you (courage) and openly described things about himself that are widely viewed negatively by society (introspection). Here's how I read your comment: why do we worry so much about making things maintainable - why don't we just make things maintainable? Building a system out of small modules is what makes it maintainable. Man, I don't necessarily think they should be used in technical interviews, but I really don't get the aversion to these kinds of questions - stuff like this is so much fun to think about and debate! I personally think manhole covers should be human-cross-section-from-above-shaped. Ignoring (1), the difference (2) makes is that some people believe public-schooling to be a lesser evil than the probability of home-schooling being indoctrination instead of education, and those people tend to be in favor of policies making it more difficult for parents to have complete control over the home-schooling of their children, which home-schooling proponents like tokenadult are typically (understandably!) opposed to. Well, in my view, it's similar to how we manage a publicly elected government planning laws; we set up an adversarial system with different actors with different incentives all having a voice in the process. So federal government entities have a (admittedly, too loud IMO) voice, but so do local community school districts and the parents that go to their meetings and argue with them. This system acts to sort of filter whatever indoctrination is happening through the lens of all the people that were involved in the process. For better or worse, there is no such filter with home-schooling, it can be purely what the parents think best. I have an extremely positive personal view of home-schooling, and hope that it will be possible for me to home-school my own children. But I think in a big society it is reasonable to be strongly in favor of things at a personal level and skeptical of those things at a societal level. For instance, I really like being able to afford gasoline and drive anywhere I want anytime I want, but I'm unsure that society should continue letting me do those things. edit: For the record, I don't at all think home-schooling should be outlawed or even at all discouraged (quite the opposite!), but I do think it should regulated , which is a scary ball of wax, to be sure. It's easier to refactor something that has already been created than to create that thing. This is why refactoring is such a good thing. It doesn't mean the original creation was "shit", it just means that it was massively improved by refactoring, which is sort of the point. Alright seriously, what the hell. Is this some sort of HN parody comment? Is it meant to be ironic in the sense of "look what happens on hack er news when you submit a cool hack - you get shat all over by the first poster!"? Here's a re-write for you: Neat! You could actually do the same thing entirely without the Arduino by using the GPIO built into the RPi, and pick up a dirt cheap I2C expander if you need more. Hmmm. I really like your ideas, but unfortunately I don't think the system you describe is the system Harvard is at the top of. I think it is at the top of the system where the goal is to have strong qualifications and get many incredible opportunities throughout life (not just a first job). It may also be a good place to become a better person, but ranking that seems much murkier to me. I can think of lots of things that could arguably be higher in the become-a-better-person rankings than going to Harvard or, indeed, any university. That's not a very good analogy, and doesn't really address the point I was making. Note that my comment was very favorable to refactoring. You definitely aren't wasting your time, but it would be great for you to also learn Python well enough to understand peoples' negativity toward PHP, even (especially?) if you decide you disagree with them. Are there any ports of the `cpu` command for other operating systems? I can't reply to your comment below, but in reply to it as well as this one: I'd love to read a good article about how this would work. I may or may not be able to piece it together from your erlangonxen and openmirage links, but it would also be great if someone knowledgeable (you?) would write about it! Neat! Thanks for the instructions - that's definitely the easiest way to play around with Plan9 that I've come across (but I guess I haven't been looking too hard...) Check out antirez' great article about persistence[0] if you're interested in learning how to use redis in a more sophisticated manner than periodic checkpoints to disk. 0: http://oldblog.antirez.com/post/redis-persistence-demystifie... Am I supposed to know why you have a problem with Thomas Cavalier-Smith, or is that just a non-sequitur? Here's the thing - I would love to teach computer science to young people, but in order to do so, I would have to pay for more education and certification for the privilege of participating in a much tougher job market for significantly lower wages. I just can't see any way that it makes sense, and that's a real shame. sigh I hadn't heard of phdtree, and was interested that they were considering moving from python to go. I totally see your point, but this forum is at its most useful to me when I'm hearing about software projects and the tech they're being built with, and sometimes self-promotion is in service of that. This project is super cool, but I'm even more hopeful for Rust eventually being a much more complete replacement for C++ and even C for embedded projects. It's already pretty easy to run outside the runtime by not using the standard library[0], though you can't take advantage of a lot of Rust's niceties if you do so. There's discussion of what it might mean to have the standard library but not the runtime[1], which could be really nice for embedded projects. 0: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/test/run-pas... 1: https://mail.mozilla.org/pipermail/rust-dev/2013-August/0051... This project is super cool, but I'm even more hopeful for Rust eventually being a much more complete replacement for C++ and even C for embedded projects. It's already pretty easy to run outside the runtime by not using the standard library[0], though you can't take advantage of a lot of Rust's niceties if you do so. There's discussion of what it might mean to have the standard library but not the runtime[1], which could be really nice for embedded projects. 0: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/test/run-pas... 1: https://mail.mozilla.org/pipermail/rust-dev/2013-August/0051... Clearly not - have they done that? Javascript is a bad analogy because of its prevalence and entrenchment. Perhaps a better way for me to have put my sentiment would have been, "I'm not tired of this, so I don't mind seeing it", where "this" means both phdtree specifically and hearing about project being written in, moving to, or considering moving to Go in general. Clearly you are tired of it, either from having seen other specific phdtree postings or from having seen more postings about Go in general than you care to. That's fine, but it's not where I'm at. It seems like even within the text of your comment that yes, there is SOMETHING that could possibly convince someone of this mindset that they aren't lying - they could open source the whole thing. It is the best collection of memoirs I've read by an order of magnitude, and the sequel - What do you care what other people think? - is great too! Well...sure it is. Obviously you can't add up the numbers (like your parent may or may not be implying you can), but if you really want to, you can look at all the dollars you have coming in, and all the dollars you pay to taxes of any kind, and determine a percentage. I have no idea if it would be anywhere near 50%, but I suspect it would be more than 35%. (Which seems fine to me...) ...Why? The goal of the exercise is to figure out what percentage of your income really goes to taxes, not the amount of personal value you get from those taxes. That would be a really interesting thing to figure out too, but it's not what I was talking about. (If you read my comment as implying that I think the taxes I pay outstrip the personal value I get from them, you misread it - my only point is that you absolutely can figure out what your real taxation percentage is.) I don't really like grammar comments, but in case the author is reading -- the comma really did throw off my reading of the title. I would actually expect the simple dequeue-deserialize-update-something-in-redis use case to be the "worst case" comparison and that the more work the go worker does, the better the performance numbers would look. It seems like using something designed from the start for cross-technology communication (like 0mq) may be a better idea, but I suppose there is already lots and lots of existing resque client code out there. There was a line from a talk about Rust[0] that really stuck with me, commenting on the design choice to only garbage-collect task-local heaps using reference counting with cycle detection: "we wanted to avoid spending the next 20 years writing another world-class garbage collector." It is not just a single person project to write a really good GC. 0: I think it was this one - http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Rust Edit: wording and precision So, it seems to me that the goal of the original video was "look how easy it is to do various concurrency patterns in Go", and presumably the goal of working through Clojure versions of the same is "let's see if it's just as easy to do the same using Clojure's core.async!". In light of this discussion, I think that no, it is not as quite as easy (or simple?), and the subtle ways in which it is harder can be deceptive. Very fair point. Absolutely. My point being they seem to have purposefully worked the attributes you mention into the design of the language largely because of how hard it is to write a really good GC. The Rust team has lots of people who know C and are very capable of reading literature, and still didn't really want to tackle it, because it's hard . Neat. I really like the idea of Resque being able to be thought of as a protocol specification plus a reference client and server implementation. No, but it is worth it to both keep all that and work on WebGL. The original claim was that patents exist "in order to encourage people to invent". You claim that that is wrong, and they exist in order to "encourage inventors to make their inventions public knowledge". Someone responds and says that they actually exist in order "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts". You then say: > Correct, the goal: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts", i.e. make trade secrets public I could just as easily say: Correct, the goal: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts", i.e. encourage people to invent. My point is that it was left up to us as a society to interpret those words, and just claiming that your interpretation is the correct one does not make it so. I think it's the same as the reasoning behind limiting any form of gambling -- there is a savviness imbalance between the gamblers and the house, and the potential cost to society of gamblers losing more than they can afford is thought to outweigh the benefit of people being completely free to make their own decisions with their own money. Yes! Except I would phrase it differently: Never loan money to a friend or family member - either give money or don't. Oftentimes, the person you gave money to will later give you as much or more than you gave them, but that isn't a loan repayment, it's just them being kind to you in the same way you were kind to them. To hnriot, who I can't respond to: No, it's not being a chump to willingly give money to those you are close to. The other side of the "be willing to give money to friends" coin is "be aware and careful of who you consider friends". You may be a chump if you give money to people actively taking advantage of your willingness to do so, but those people aren't friends. You should never give money to people who aren't your friends, and you probably shouldn't loan it to them either, unless you're in the lending business. Nah it's cool, it's not so hard to just not work for people who don't grok work-life balance. I mean, yeah, sure, labor laws are a great thing, but in this case and in the current market for tech hiring, it's pretty easy to fix by asking "hey what's your work-life balance like?" in the interview, making decisions based on the answer, and leaving if the answer turns out to have been a lie. You are correct - it looks like it is distributed as a kernel patch. I see both sides of this, but on my own team, where we are all meant to be experts on the project, I really like to be able to see the experiments, because there's a reasonable chance I'll be trying something similar to or perhaps inspired by those throwaway experiments at some point. I think there is a different trade-off in open source projects, where it's more helpful to have a history that isn't confusing to newcomers. > You need clean commits on the history to be able to understand the code later on. I think this whole debate hinges on peoples' view of that sentence. Sometimes clean history helps comprehensibility and sometimes it obscures things. I think the amount to which each is true varies author to author, reader to reader, and project to project. It can mean that you fix conflicts closer to the point where they first happened, or it can mean that you have to fix the conflict in a bunch of different ways as it propagates through each successive commit. I find myself trying to outsmart the conflicts: "Ok, I know I changed such-and-such in such-and-such a way here in a few commits, so if I fix this conflict like this, then hopefully I won't have to fix that commit later..." I disagree that categorically "no one cares": https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6457243 Wow! I love this analogy! Allow me to disagree with you inside the premise of your own analogy. Visiting a museum is a much more useful way to understand past world history, but visiting your grandma's attic is a much more useful way to understand the little twists and quirks of your own family. In much the same way, I think a curated history is very nice for open source projects with lots of committers and constant newcomers, while a history that preserves foibles can be more useful for smaller and tighter teams. It is often very enlightening to see the missteps that were taken on the road to the eventual solution to a problem. Ha, don't worry, I read it that way too. Or it may have still fallen into endless academic bickering with nothing delivered and the GNU userspace may have therefore failed to take off at all. We'll never know what would have happened! Yeah but I don't like watching actual presentation videos, because then there is audio and they move at their own pace. I'd love to see more slides + detailed notes though. I think I wasn't clear. I like to be able to see completely experimental entirely thrown-away approaches in branches like you suggest, but I also like to see the little hints of partial experiments that a "dirty" history shows. My point is that on projects with focused teams where everybody is or should be an expert, literally the more history I can access, the better. Things like "did somebody already try and fail to refactor this class? What was there approach? Can I actually do better, or am I just headed down the same rabbit hole?" are invaluable to me, and the best way to answer those questions is to see "dirty" remnants of things people have tried and un-tried in the history. History can be forensics, and in forensics you don't want things to be "clean". How did you get into that line of work? Finding out something for sure that was previously only suspected does not typically make someone surprised. In order to be surprised it is necessary to have not suspected the thing discovered. It seems very accurate (and in no way diminishing of the gravity of the situation) for people who suspected these things to say that they are unsurprised. You must be doing some pretty wild mental gymnastics to see it differently. Perhaps what you mean is that you don't think it is particularly useful for people to talk about how they aren't surprised, in which case I agree. > I often find that code alone is not enough to describe why something did or didn't work. Me too. And I also often find that commit messages alone are not enough to describe why something did or didn't work. Code and commit messages both help. "Clean history" can obscure things when it leaves out information about the often messy process of creating the software. It's impossible to know ahead of time what information will and will not be useful when attempting to grok a piece of code in the future, so sometimes it makes sense to err on the side of more information, instead of less. Is this right? Doesn't Java use UTF-16 internally? I like the idea of a "day off" being either a real day off, or just a day where you code irresponsibly, whichever will be more rejuvenating. Thanks for the terminology! (I think) This is similar to how you could preface nearly any statement you make anywhere with "I think". My instinct is to qualify everything and I often have to go back and delete the qualification because it pointlessly weakens every sentence. Either that or I notice it after I've already written and cringe at re-reading it ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6457261 ). (I think) It is usually better to let your readers decide which statements are subjective and which are objective. Maybe she'll take a job where that will be exactly what she'll get to do! In fairness, flossing is a lot harder than making web sites... :) Not even borderline! "Flamebait" was practically invented for that exact type of comment. Free sushi, wine, and Zumba sounds awesome! But it's a really good demonstration of how it makes it sound like a very different company employing very different people. Ah! This makes sense. My first thought was "wow, impressive showing in St. Louis..." As a U.S. citizen, this is actually my biggest concern - this is all going to hurt us economically. Of course most people will think it is Snowden's fault for making it known, rather than the government's fault for doing it. First of all, no, saying something is my biggest concern does not imply that barring it this would all be "much less of a concern" because all other things are "so much smaller" concerns. Those conclusions simply don't follow from what I said. The rest of your points are pretty good and they are well taken. It is possible that U.S. citizens generally view ourselves less as "World citizens" than we should. For me, personally, I feel like this is because we have (largely through our own past mistakes!) made many enemies throughout the world, and I struggle to feel like there is any useful world citizenship that includes both me and those enemies. So yes, it royally pisses me off that you in the Netherlands are being spied on, and that German writers are being mistreated, and that European embassies are being bugged, all in my name, but no, it really doesn't bother me that we are spying on the North Koreans. I'm mad that we don't seem to know our friends from our enemies and are embarrassing ourselves by just drag-netting everything, but from a legal standpoint, within my own government, I think there is a useful line between U.S. citizens, and non-citizens. For what it's worth, I absolutely think that I belong on the other side of that line for you in the Netherlands, and if I found out your government was spying on me, I would be more upset with my own government for failing to protect me than with your government for the spying. I'm sure none of that made you like me or other Americans any more, which bums me out, and I wish there were a big happy World family for me to feel a part of, but as far as I can tell, there isn't. Interesting. Why a cardboard box? I picture a briefcase handcuffed to some sort of emissary. Well, SequelPro at least started adding support for Postgres[0], but it's hard to tell how far along it is. Most of the commits in that tree seem to be from last September, with a smattering from January and May of this year. [0]: https://code.google.com/p/sequel-pro/source/browse/#svn%2Ftr... Mold, insects (silverfish, etc), mudslides, ground-penetrating radar, federal agents, and neo-nazis! Thanks for the awesome analysis! Are you claiming that you have analyzed the Model S and found that due to money saved on gas it is financially cheaper than a conventional car over some timescale? If not, then I truly don't know what you're talking about. I'm really confused by "average, middleish class people who normally would have bought a porsche or a tesla" - is that a typo? Did you mean "would not normally"? If not, your idea of "average middleish class people" is really oddly out of whack. Many people by homes because of a calculation that owning a home is cheaper in the long run than paying rent over that same period of time. Many people buy homes not based on such a calculation and simply because they have disposable income and owning a home is nice. Many people also buy homes based on neither financial decision-making nor disposable income, and I seem to recall this having some negative impacts on our economy a few years back, which may make it a poor analogy to why it makes sense to buy a Tesla (or a porsche?!) without disposable income. > There are some causes that are worth being removed as CEO for. Yeah, but not if it's an empty gesture that doesn't change anything. Any CEO of Google both wouldn't be able to shut it down rather than comply, and would be removed for trying. It would accomplish nothing. Any insider theories why this particular project became so expensive and non-functional? Everything you say is absolutely right, but your parent's point still stands: everybody has all those same advantages, which means that the bar for both ordinary and extraordinary is much higher. DOOM would be ordinary (even sub-ordinary) if it were released now, precisely because you no longer need to be as brilliant as John Carmack to make it. The idea that the existence of "boring" work at a company is an indication that the company did or is doing something wrong is specious, and as a user of lots of software, I really hope this mindset doesn't become common. I want the people making the software I use to be ready and willing to do tough and unglamorous work that makes my experience better. Github's solution seems to be for everyone to really own and care about the product, such that working on "boring" things is a matter of pride. That's a really good solution, but creating and sustaining that culture is really difficult. The lesson others should learn from them is not "don't ever have boring work to do", but rather "create a culture where employees hold themselves and each other responsible for getting the boring work done". Well, no, nobody said you need a library to help you write your README, but if you get tired of writing the same structure or making the the same updates over and over again, you can use this to automate some of that process if you so desire. Seems pretty nifty to me, though I may well never use it. I really don't understand the mindset that takes people from "hey look somebody wrote a free piece of software I can use if I want" to "what, now I need to use yet another piece of software for something?" I like the model of a README that shows high level project structure and common use cases, with links to specific wiki pages for more depth on a topic, and a catch-all top-level wiki link at the end. Except we're talking about structures where there is no management to speak of. If there is strong management, they can just tell people to work on those things as part of their job. I suppose you could extend your idea to a loosely structured company where incentives would be created through consensus. It's wonderfully frustrating that there is truly so much to learn that even the study of programming languages, which is an incredibly tiny field relative to the whole of human knowledge, it is still necessary to make depth vs. breadth trade-offs. I find your choice to focus more on depth appealing, but almost immediately feel a sense of loss for all the breadth such a focus would require giving up. I think a better balance may be to master things that are widely relevant at depth, while giving less focus to things that are very specific. Put another way: depth for "essence", breadth for "accident". Of the items on slide 181 of the presentation, only calling conventions, memory model, and probably optimization seem like "essence" to me, ie. every program you ever write in any language will benefit from deep knowledge of those topics. The rest of the items are somewhat arbitrary and very specific to the particular history of the C language itself. > Also trivia implies some memorized factoids. The entire point of the article is having an understanding of the underlying implementation of the compiler, ... That's some of the point of the article, but some of it is also about memorized factoids. There is a lot of focus on what different versions of the C standard say about different things, which is just factoids. There is a lot of focus on how different declaration syntax behaves (statics, linker visible, etc.), which is just factoids. It is probable that we have a disagreement about what counts as a "factoid", and maybe it's not a great word to be using ( I took it from the parent), but I do think there are real differences between some things you're conflating. Working within the framework of your example, I think understanding how compilation units and the linker work is far more fundamental than knowing when the the "static" keyword impacts linking and when it doesn't. If I know that I need some way to make my variable visible outside my compilation unit, I can look up the syntax to do it ("factoid"), but if I don't understand how linking works at all, I'm missing a more fundamental mental model. Of course, I absolutely think that a C programmer should know the syntax, it's just less important to remember such things than to understand the model. Well said. Thanks for your thoughts. It seems to me that reputation works better in the free market than the government "market". I don't know why that is, but I suspect it has to do with the same rules for the bidding process that are meant to decrease corruption, but also tend to entrench contractors. Your parent cleverly made an insightful point that is cutting without offensively stereotyping, and you respond with a piece of jerky snark that is not clever, insightful, or cutting, and which is offensive. In fact, your comment plays almost as well as satire of mindless anti-Apple crusaders as the parent's does as satire of the opposite. If that's how you meant it, then bravo, otherwise, lame. > You can't look at the facts, the history of the world as we know it, and conclude that there is a stable equilibrium where nations cooperate peacefully without anyone making them do so. You also can't look at the facts and conclude that there isn't - you can only conclude that there hasn't yet been such an equilibrium. We have been running more or less democratic systems of governments more or less successfully for some number of years now, but there was a point in time before that where you could have said "you can't look at the facts, the history of the world as we know it, and conclude that democratic systems of governments can be successful". Making conclusions about the future based on the past doesn't work, all you can do is hypothesize. I suppose you probably meant that the odds of a stable peaceful equilibrium seem very low based on historical evidence, and I'm just being pedantic. Honestly, dedicating himself to fixing this problem may be the only way he can save his presidency in the eyes of history at this point. Literally everything he's overseen has been a disaster. Care to expand on why you believe this to be the case? You may be right, but it's not obvious that you are. I thought the same thing about the `store` variable in the `Todo` object. Not sure what we're missing. You make a good point, but just so you know, when I see political put-down portmanteaus (politdownteaus?) like "libercrazian", "libtard", "randroid", etc., it immediately sets off my alarm bells for people who are operating on an us-vs-them instead of a reasoned-thinking basis. I doubt I'm the only one for whom a good argument seems weakened by this sort of silliness. There is some brief lip-service paid to using the same language on the front-end and the back-end, but mostly you're right - they fixed processes, not technologies. If this was aimed at college students you'd be spot on, but it's aimed at children. The first computer I "built" involved plugging cards I bought off e-bay into the sockets they fit into - doesn't seem too tough now, but I'll be damned if I didn't feel like I was really doing and learning back then. The fact of the matter is that in a world of iPads and laptops, simply plugging a bunch of stuff together is a very valuable and educational experience for a kid. Sure it does. It suggests the person who penned it had a sense of humor rather than suggesting they are as much of a macaroni art critic as you imagine. Yeah, it would be cool if AR came with a `field` method that could be made non-optional through configuration, and enforce that only those fields are accessible. For what it's worth, I completely disagree. I think this episode has been incredibly interesting, as it's the first time that I've seen major news reporting about the realities of software engineering, which in turn means that it's the first time all the people I know outside the industry have had any insight into this sort of thing. Of course the article isn't useful , that's not what it's for. As a description of a problem that has affected people in terms that they may actually understand, I think it works pretty well. Hopefully we'll get some good detailed post-mortems eventually, but they certainly won't be in the newspaper. Different strokes for different folks. I think its decentralized nature is its least valuable aspect. If the only thing it accomplished were smoother and cheaper internet, small business, and interpersonal commerce, it would be incredibly valuable. The novelty of it (which I think has a lot to do with its decentralization) is currently causing too much volatility to make it useful for actually buying and selling things. A more boring government-backed (or -regulated) variant would be more useful and extremely valuable. Yeah I really miss the good old days when I could take some pictures and all I had to do to send them to my mom was provision a server with a static IP address I could send her along with some links to rsync tutorials. Can't believe Dropbox had to come around and make everything so much harder... Also, modems didn't really seem very different from ethernet. My initial reaction as an early adolescent to first encountering ethernet was along the lines of, "oh, so it's just a wider port? what's all the fuss about?" Besides all the funny noises on connection (which, as an aside - why did the handshake have to actually be audible?), everything seemed to work the same, just more slowly. You don't have to forget about modems to be unaware that using sound to transmit computer data was once common. This may be the most hubristic comment I've ever read. No, you could not "make Postgres do what is needed for this within a week or two" just because you've heard of REST and JSON. Interesting! Thanks for that. Having no technical expertise with which to evaluate competing contractors, the "better" contractor they find has the same problem. Cycle repeats. It seems to me that both casca and mathieuh are correct - he was both a symbol of non-peaceful resistance, and a creator of peace amidst a push for war. Furthermore, his post-apartheid actions seem the more historically important, as they were the more novel and their relative success the more surprising. Language is hard... You appear to be using different definitions for "left" and "liberal" than many of us are familiar with. Perhaps because you are from a different country or culture than those of us who are confused (seems like mostly Americans), or perhaps it is because you usually talk to people in a "bubble" where everybody recognizes the same definitions (I'm personally more familiar with the unique word definitions of more right-leaning "bubbles"). Either way, once confusion arises, saying "I meant what I wrote" is not all that helpful in resolving it. Wow this is a really intriguing philosophical difference. I'm a big fan of specialization. I think it is the only way a complex society could possibly function. I'm glad that as an end-user of cars, airplanes, trains, medicine, MRIs, television, movies, wine, beer, liquor, the legal system, government services, etc. etc. etc. I don't need to be an expert in their design, development, and maintenance. It's great that because of its nature, software is more accessible than most things, but that doesn't mean it should all be made by non-professionals. There's plenty of room for both non-professional and professional tools, and neither approach is fundamentally flawed. > ...I assumed a site where you could upload images via a form and then browse and view them was right up its alley Ah, your assumption was correct but incomplete. Doing that and a bunch more is right up its alley, but if you're doing only that, there are much easier ways. I'm not entirely sure what point you're trying to make, but for what it's worth, while agreeing with lots of the speech, I found myself thinking that it was pretty good opinion , but not a great argument . Thank you for this! As someone with mostly liberal friends and mostly conservative family, the willingness of both sides to judge and belittle the other while making no effort to understand their perspective drives me batty . Reading your comment, I was reminded of a quote that I read quite recently: "If you don't even try to figure out your opponent's assumptions, you should probably shut up and start listening." His point (as I read it) isn't that the Constitution as written is sacrosanct, but that it is extremely useful to have a document whose rules are 1) executed as closely as possible in the present, and 2) changeable in the future. Otherwise there are no rules, and people are just making things up as they go. I tend to agree that this is the situation we currently find ourselves in, but I think a lot of the blame for it can be placed at the feet of the Constitution being too hard to amend, forcing the kind of (arguably) extra-legal pragmatism we see. There's this nice dividing line - you don't spy on your own citizens which means you need warrants to gather information on them. I think you're probably right about the founders intentions, but I think they were wrong about the speed at which government should be able to move. It's not an easy balance, and there is a real danger of government being too reactive, but I think (like you, just an opinion) that the Constitution is too far the other way for our current society. edit: wording Interesting, are you using the word "warrantless" as a synonym for "baseless" or as meaning "without a warrant granted by a court of law"? If it's the first, I agree wholeheartedly - it's both unethical and just plain stupid for my government to spend time, money, political capital, and the ability to look itself in the mirror without cringing on being able to access the pornography of private citizens of ally countries. If it's the latter, I disagree - I don't think countries (the U.S., Norway, whoever) should be required or require themselves to get warrants to surveil citizens of other countries. You should be pissed, and it pisses me off that my government is pissing you off, but that doesn't mean I think it needs to get warrants to spy on other countries. No, in fact his comment and now yours are some of the only ones that dishonest about what the conservative position really is. It's a lot easier to paint people who disagree with you as fiends than it is to understand their point of view, which was the grandparent's entire point, which you and the parent have willfully missed. Depends on who the "you" here is. Our schools do a mediocre job of teaching those things (especially finances), many families do a great job of it, and many families do a poor job of it. I'm a rails developer, and it seems really convoluted to me too. But it seems to work for them and to give them some good performance characteristics. To each their own and all that. I do think that there's a good deal of "splitting" going on in the rails community - I don't feel like I am using the same rails as DHH is talking about in this article - but I'm not sure if it's such a bad thing. It's tricky to pull off two (or more) "stacks" without a lot of configuration, but at least from my point of view, configuration hasn't become a pain point. Because pilloried and decried is different than feared (-phobia). The paranoia some Americans have about Sharia law is a good example of the difference - I'm strongly against that happening, but I'm not afraid of that happening, because it isn't a real threat. Being against something and being afraid of something are very different, and it's the fear that can be useful to those in power. Because they are service workers who are not very highly paid. Your use of the word "practically" is very generous. I'm not sure I could have proved my point better if I had created a fake account to reply to myself saying exactly the right things to prove my point. Sorry, I suppose I wasn't very clear. I was referring to the fear some people have of Sharia law taking hold in the U.S. , not in other countries, which is a baseless fear that can be used by those in power to manipulate those who are afraid. The fear of fundamentalism in other countries is not so baseless, but it can still be used to manipulate people if those people don't examine the relationship between their fears and the policies advocated in their name (ie. fear of fundamentalism justifying not just surveillance of fundamentalists but of everybody ). I think you could also ask the opposite question about pretty much anything - why was this public? And I think the answer is the same - because I wanted it that way. Why should it need to be justified either way? If I want to keep something secret for a reason or by default or just on a whim, I should be able to, and if I want to make something public, I should be able to do that too. I don't think one choice is any better than the other as a default. I'm not making any argument at all...you asked why nurses were in the list, so I just pointed out the pattern in the list that I thought nurses fit into. Note that the chrome change from the OP is specifically so that you don't have to sacrifice pinch-zoom to get rid of the 300ms delay. Or you can get rid of this uncharitable list altogether and replace it with something like 'with a mandate to balance complex trade-offs between technological constraints and competing user, web page, and web application designer needs'. That's a trade-off. Choosing "Do A but let the user change it to B in the Settings" is very similar to "Choose A", because nobody changes settings. You just move the debate to what the default should be. Not to mention that "Should we or shouldn't we have crap-tons of settings?" is its own trade-off. Alternate theory: "lousy" is a subjective measure, and those languages are popular because in many other peoples' subjective reality, they are not lousy. Just a theory though, by all means, keep thinking that languages are objectively ranked identically to your subjective ranking and anybody using ones at the bottom are just dumb dumbs who are incapable of using the ones at the top. Hmmm, I re-read your comment and its parent a couple times, and maybe I didn't give proper credence to your sarcasm quotes. I do think that your comment strongly implies agreement with the non-sarcasm-quote-using parent comment, but hey, maybe that's really just my reading of it. Your edit also confusingly says that you don't think the "lousy" languages are really any easier than the static languages you prefer, despite your second paragraph seeming to say the opposite. So maybe I'll just bow out of trying to interpret what you think :) I'll freely admit that it peeves me to no end when people make value judgments based on what programming languages people do and don't like and use, on both sides of the static/dynamic divide, so maybe I do have that chip on my shoulder. Nah, the author thinks right, it's humor. Are you referring to the relatively recent industrial uses of gold and diamonds, or are you counting ornamentation as intrinsic value? Don't see the argument for the intrinsic value of paper money at all, but would love to be enlightened. I agree that paper money has value , I'm just not sure that it is intrinsic . I'm also not sure a currency necessarily should have intrinsic value. I always feel happiest writing unit tests for functions that contain non-trivial logic . But I always feel sad when testing methods that mostly just introduce side effects. It seems like when I'm running into more of the latter, it is often worthwhile to find ways to refactor toward having more of the former, but sometimes not. Maybe we should have a system in place to prosecute "immune" diplomats ourselves after they flee. I really wish your comment said "There would be no feasible way to implement such a system because , and it probably wouldn't be desirable because ." I said "maybe this would be good" in hopes that others would have interesting ideas about whether or not it would be. I wasn't being a smart-ass at all . I said "you have to balance trade-offs", you said "no, you don't have to, here's a non-trade-off solution", and I said "no, you've just changed the trade-off". Many people seem to think that moving things into configuration is a "free" solution, and I am very non-sarcastically saying that no, it is not. My solution is to be aware that there is no "solution", and you have to balance trade-offs (which is what I said to start!). What is the criteria for being "the new PHP"? Do you mean that it will be used for the same kinds of projects as PHP is currently used for, or by the same types of developers or ...? Presumably one that is somewhere between those two extremes... Counterpoint: we had a whole team of people seeming to fit your description, and I thought they were one of the most useful parts of our process. They mostly did sales support and product management, while also supporting and working closely with project managers. I suspect a lot of developers thought they were useless and over-promoted, but they weren't, their value was just not obvious to the developers. Now, you seem like you were in a good position to judge whether or not the guy you're talking about was actually useful, so it's likely that I just worked with a team that was good at this job, and you worked with one that wasn't, but (IMO) technical people are often too quick to judge the non- and only-partially- technical roles in the organization as being less useful than they really are. Oh, also, if anybody's job is "produce documents", rather than "gain knowledge that can be communicated synchronously through conversation or asynchronously through text" then that's probably a smell. All those meetings after meetings are about the information, not the documentation. Yeah, you're right, missing this makes them incompetent . Does that word have any meaning at all anymore? It seems like everyone who isn't an amazing brilliant self-made billionaire is incompetent. Oh wait, I forgot, we were discussing the incompetence of a bunch of amazing brilliant self-made billionaires... So I guess it's everybody now.