> Adobe has no intention of ever announcing an EOL for Flash That's irrelevant, Adobe is known for keeping dead products afloat. The Flash platform is gracefully becoming another Director or Cold Fusion which are still being sold. Poor Objective C, nobody likes you. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/Object... I agree, but if you consider the success of Chrome OS it's clear that for a lot of users a simple OS is more than enough for their computing needs. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. What do you use CUDA for? Could you post the link of your blog? I'd love to read about that. Well, since you are a developer you don't have so many performance of hardware requirements. The pro user described in the article doesn't really apply to you. > who should Apple cater to more? That's the real question, and of course we will all be biased here. For someone like you it's fine that you can't (for example) get the latest GPU technology, but for someone that works on digital effects that is a very real issue. It is a fact that Apple used to cater to such audience before, and the whole point of the article is if Apple is leaving that audience behind or not. Thanks, there are plenty of great tips! I'm in the market for a powerful desktop and I considered getting a 2012 Mac Pro. It would be awesome if the 2016 Mac Pro was a tower design. Alas, we can only dream. That would be awesome, unfortunately it is not possible yet. http://www.highpoint-tech.com/USA_new/series_RS6361A_specifi... > Supported PCIe Cards: Any Thunderbolt Aware PCIe cards including Audio, Video Capture, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and Storage/RAID controller cards No GPU support. Interesting! Maybe this will replace GSAP in my projects if it has better performance. Voluntary newspeak Visual programming is exploding in Unreal Engine with Blueprints to define in-game behaviours. https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/i... I for myself think visual programming is not really programming, since by following that train of thought any GUI like Photoshop Actions could be considered programming. Thanks for the link. First time I hear about ShiftIt. About moving to folders with the keyboard I use Alfred which is a spotlight replacement and it has history of commands. You could even have your own extension (called workflows) to customise this as you wish if you know a bit of coding. Check it out, it's extremely powerful: https://www.alfredapp.com/ > The inability to search within the current folder is also a joke! You can search in the current folder. It's a setting in Finder > Preferences > Advanced > "When performing a search". Yes Sublime is more responsive, but for me it's just a minor annoyance. The benefits of a community over a one man project who has a tendency to disappear are more than evident IMO. That must be why there is a new forum. :) Everything. The design and the code seem to be from 10-15 years ago. I agree. It's one of the things I always change on a new Mac or OSX install. You can change that behaviour in System Preferences > Mission Control > Displays have separated spaces. It doesn't make much sense that the options is there... Windows 10 is much more optimised than OSX. In my experience it runs faster and uses less memory in the same hardware. But yeah, it's ugly, and it lacks things like Spotlight or Quick Look which make your life a lot easier. Try to eat a steak with a hammer, and then argue that hammers are terrible. No shit Sherlock! Don't use inheritance to solve all your OO problems. Ever heard of Design Patterns? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_Patterns My theory is that Apple does not want to be seen as trailing behind Microsoft Of course one can interpret things in any way... What if instead a Mercedes representative had said: > People with cheap 5 year old cars is sad Just before presenting its new car? Would you think the same? What is this group the author mentions? > Chrome has had such a problem with performance they formed a special group just to work the problem, but in nearly two years time that group has yet to produce anything tangible. People from all over the world volunteered to fight against fascism in the Spanish Civil War. It is estimated that about 35,000 people joined the international brigades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Brigades This always makes me think how much the world has changed. Can you imagine travelling today to a foreign country ready to die for fighting oppression? I have never seen such kind of conviction in my life. So how fast is this compared to jQuery? Has anyone done a jsperf? I found this one, but it's from 2014 so I'm not sure it's the same Cash. http://jsperf.com/cash-vs-jquery-add So you pay $600 and you can't even turn that off? And I thought free to play was bad... > Miguel Arias Cañete, wife of a current Spanish minister and European Commissioner Nope. It's the man himself, not his wife. leakception Spot on. The problem is being able to influence things in a creative way. https://youtu.be/u6XAPnuFjJc I'd rather be the captain of my small pirate ship than a cog in giant battleship. But I'm in my mid 30s now, maybe that will change when I get to 40. That was what I was pointing out... Sounds plausible, but why not even release an upgrade to the outdated GPUs or the CPU? The current 15'' rMBP is faster in single core operations... It's really strange. A lot of effort was put into that Mac Pro and it's components. Maybe sales were not as high as Apple expected? I find it hard to believe. iOS is not ready for prime time and Apple refuses to create a Surface like device and merging iOS with OSX. We need a Netflix for content. You pay a (reasonable) monthly subscription and they pay each content provider depending on number of views. Prime time, as in being your main OS. > Basically like Prime video, just for text. Or Netflix... Interesting, although paying and deciding which article to pay for seems tedious. I think a subscription model with an "eat as much as you can" model would be much more attractive. So why is Linux everywhere? Is it only because it's free? Octodad anyone? Awesome work Evan! I've been using Vue for a new project and it's a joy to use. It makes a lot more sense to me than any of the alternatives. I recently spent a few weeks with it and decided to not use it for a cross platform mobile app I'm working on. 1) The documentation seems good at first, but some parts are outdated and I did find myself stuck with it a number of times. iOS and Android docs are lightyears ahead. 2) The code editor in Xamarin Studio for OSX is mediocre. I've tried using VSCode instead but intellisense didn't work. I imagine using Visual Studio must be a lot better. Both Xcode and Android Studio are much better in my experience. Maybe with the upcoming C# IDE from JetBrain this will change. 3) You need to learn iOS/Android development anyway. Xamarin Forms works well for prototypes and such but in the end you need platform specific UIs and libraries. So you need to do the leg work in the native docs (Swift/Java) and understand how these APIs/languages work and be able to "translate" those to C#. It's double the work compared to writing directly in native code. 4) The community around Xamarin is minuscule. If you get stuck there isn't much material out there to help you compared to native iOS or Android. Also in my short experience their forums were not very helpful. I imagine with an expensive corporate account with dedicated support that must be very different, but for a solo developer it feels like you are on your own. As much as I like C# as a language I really don't see the point of Xamarin in my case. I started learning Java/Android form scratch and I'm having better results in less time. I will have to work more to get both iOS and Android, but I won't feel miserable and the dev experience in OSX will be awesome with first class tools. I'd say Xamarin would be perfect for someone that already knows how to develop for iOS and Android but hates working with Swift and/or Java, loves C#, and has access to Visual Studio in Windows. I found that too a few weeks ago. I ditched Xamarin and moved to Java. Isn't Core M a tablet chip? Yeah why not? Let's reinvent the wheel every fucking time. I'm sure your clients and your family will love that. Are you sure? They seem to advertise offline persistence for both mobile and web. https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/#key_functions So how would one address server side logic? Like for example doing something with the data before sending it to the client? From what I've seen, all backend duties are implemented in a server acting as another client to Firebase. Usually a Node server since Firebase has provided a JS SDK from the start, but I've seen implementations in all major languages. You either implement some cron task in that server that periodically makes stuff with Firebase, or you use an endpoint in Firebase and use it a task queue for the server. I'd would be great if someone with more experience could provide more info on how these backend duties are performed. Edit: see this for more info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/firebase-talk/r4d5H7... Um... what about this? https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/web/offline-capabi... Thanks for the clarification. I was hoping to use Firebase on a React Native app but I do need persistence. Do you have or plan to make some wrapper of the native iOS/Android SDKs for React Native? The idea is great for many reasons (value, environment, etc) but god, that phone is ugly. Couldn't agree more. We are building a product that runs on iOS, Android, Web, Desktop (using Electron) and Chrome OS, with Firebase, React, and React Native. A lot of code is shared among all platforms. Nailed it. Any app or service that isn't cross platform has no real future. It's not about quantity, but quality. People are complaining because these new features are (mostly) unsubstantial gimmicks. Yep. Macbook + Android here. I know this is purely anecdotal, but nobody around me with an iOS device uses Messages. Everyone is using Whatsapp, or Telegram. Anyone (probably) with a few tools and some wood can build a dog house. But you need real pros to build a skyscraper. So this is how magic happens Cycle doesn't look so good from those benchmarks tbh Why is React performance slowing? How long until quantum computing will be available in consumer equipment? I meant laptops, mobile devices, etc. Sure, these things are huge today, but we have now in our pockets more power than was available in a Cray super computer from the 80s. Could you expand on that? Is it a matter of efficiency like running graphics calculations on a CPU? They? Atom is a collaborative effort, you can fix that yourself. Yes it is, but automatic indentation is awful. I switched back to Atom just because of that. I'm also seriously considering moving away from macOS after a decade. The hardware situation is ridiculous and macOS isn't as stable and streamlined as it used to be. > why isn't Allo just Hangouts 3? From what I've read Allo will become the casual messaging app, and Hangouts for work. Google probably wants to compete with Slack and similar offers. I wouldn't be surprised if at some point Google allows Allo and Hangouts to communicate. I usually only upgrade to a major OSX version when the next version comes out. I broke that rule with El Capitan because Yosemite was so fucking broken. In that case it would probably make more sense to just use NativeScript instead of React Native. https://www.nativescript.org/ Same here. Super happy with an Nvidia Shield TV. Why is that? > the App Store has on average better quality apps compared to Google Play As a user I find good and bad apps on both platforms. From my personal experience I don't see any benefit in Apple's policies. Quite the contrary. For example you get automatic refunds in the Play Store, no questions asked. Also, the quality of Android apps has been going up since Lollipop and the introduction of material design. I was an iOS fanboy not so long ago, but now I'm really happy with Android. As a developer, working for Android is a joy compared to iOS. > You don't have to pay money to use Xcode or the iOS SDK You are not going very far away by deploying apps on the simulator. You can't even test on a real device without paying the fee. > You can live a happy life not doing iOS development As a mobile developer? Not really, at least not where I live. Users are both on iOS and Android. I'm not so stubborn as to ignore that truth. It took Serif 2 years to deliver a decent color picker tool. How long will it take to have a group isolation mode? > Safari on mobile is pretty up to date as mobile technologies come. Quite the contrary. The number of bugs (which in many cases are many years old) and non standard behaviours on Safari for iOS is astounding. For example not being able to set the height on an tag. > Apple already spends tons of money to make an OS and a dev SDK for it. Developers have to spend tons of money in building and maintaining cross platform apps written in any way: native, hybrid, or with a VM like NativeScript does. In the real world budgets are limited and going native isn't always an option. Apple acts as if native was the only viable option, and as if we only had to develop apps for iOS. Web views are way behind Safari. The simple truth is that 99% of the time when browsing is spent on that "rectangular area". Maybe the term "skin" is not adequate, but IMO the features added by Chrome and Firefox on iOS are not that significant for the browsing experience compared to the "rectangular area". Thanks to Apple, WKWebView based browsers are always going to be second class citizens. Personally I never understood why you decided to move to iOS. I think you should have stick to your guns. The problem is not hardware speed, as you point out, but software. It would be lovely to see a real Chrome benchmark on iOS, but alas, Apple doesn't want that to happen. Amen. Doh, that is precisely the whole problem being discussed here. WKWebView is a mess just like UIWebView. You are missing the point. Of course Flash was/is terrible, and not only for mobile phones. But what keyle is pointing out is the irony of Apple arguing against Flash for being a proprietary and non standard technology, praising HTML5, and now relegating HTML5 as a second class technology in iOS. You can run C++ code in iOS, except if that code is functioning as a browser rendering DOM and running JS WKWebView is a mess. There are bugs that have been there since it was released years ago and are still unassigned. https://bugs.webkit.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=wkwebview&li... Depends on the implementation. Sadly, thanks to Apple, in many cases we are still forced to use UIWebView since WkWebView is so broken for Cordova apps. We are super happy with Firebase. Even if you just use the static hosting you get CDN + HTTPS for free. And you can even use the free tier as long as you want which is awesome for low traffic. If Apple is open to admit the dev back to the program means he didn't really commit fraud. And if he didn't commit fraud, why is Apple enforcing him to write a PR blog post in favor of Apple as a condition to get back into the program? Apple wants him to write fake review. Oh the irony. Not at all. If Apple is ready to bring him back it's because he didn't commit fraud. And if he didn't commit fraud he shouldn't need to write a blog post as a condition to get back. Quite contrary, Apple owes him an apology. I agree. But then why force him to write a PR blog post in favor of Apple? That's what's really wrong here. The US law doesn't apply here... he is in Bulgaria I think? Edit: Romania. Really good point. Apple wants him to make a fake review. Probably not. Dash is mostly a desktop app and he can keep on selling it outside the MAS. But if Apple is ready to admit him back into the dev program, then the anti fraud team didn't do the right thing. The project needs a new logo, and a new name. I don't like the sound of it, and it seems a name for a lifestyle / sports app. I don't like the sound of it, and it seems a name for a lifestyle / sports app. Or NativeScript Mobile development in general is a pita. We really need a native cross platform solution that doesn't involve either running a JavaScript VM (ReactNative, NativeScript), writing UI code for each OS (Xamarin), and doesn't rely on a WebView. Xamarin Forms could fit the bill, but last time I checked it wasn't there yet. What other option are there? Also the terrible docs Last time I checked Xamarin Forms about a year ago it was still limited. Is it better now? What are some of its limitations? Superior? Depends on what you are doing. Working with game engines is a joy since you write "client" code, so to speak, and the engine is compiled for each platform. QT is also really good, but also really expensive, and you lose native UI which can be a good thing or not depending on your use case. NativeScript is working on becoming a universal cross platform solution similar to ReactNative. It's already on mobile, and I've read there is a macOS version being worked on. Thanks for the info. From what I've seen things haven't changed much. The idea still seems to be that Forms is for simple apps that use a number of common components. I'd love to buy one if only I could. Still no Google products in Mexico. The 2013 Mac pro was a very powerful Mac Mini with lots of terrible design choices. So many pros hated it and Apple hasn't bothered to upgrade it in 3 years. The Watch and Pencil are accessories, like the AirPods. Apple Music isn't that big of a deal. > they're never happy It's hard to be happy with that little trash can. The tower models were great. It's a shame Apple stopped updating those. > I think Microsoft should have sell that monitor by itself, but I guess this way they could not shovel win10 updates down your throat so it is not a good option for them... I'd buy that monitor. The easy way to shovel Windows 10 updates would be to make the product only compatible with Windows 10. - 6th gen processors - gimmigck touch bar - no USB-A ports - no SD card reader - no magsafe - super expensive for what you get > People wanted Skylake, they got Skylake Yes, at the end of 2015, not at the end of the skylake cycle. > They got faster GPU Still way behind what Nvidia is doing with the 10 series. > The move to 30-BIT-PER-CHANNEL SCREENS! This I agree with you. > In my opinion much better than with macOS Could you elaborate on that? Don't forget the audio guys. Logic has been neglected for such a long time. Unlike Final Cut and Garage Band it didn't even get a mention in the Hello Again event. > In fact, I am worried about applications gradually putting information only on the Touch Bar that cannot be found anywhere else. I doubt that is going to happen. What percentage of macOS users are going to have the touch bar? 10% at the most? > The autoupdates load garbage onto your computer (Candy Crush Soda Saga?) I've been using Windows 10 before it had a public release and I've never seen anything like this on my machines. It seems like you really have a mess on yours. I also removed anything that I didn't want from the Start menu. I don't understand why you wouldn't do the same. It sounds like the problem here is not really Windows 10. FWIW macOS also requires reboot for system updates. Games, yes, but this would probably also open the door to high performance web apps. I bought the first Macbook with a thunderbolt port 5 years ago and I bought my first Thunderbolt peripheral 2 months ago. In those 5 years I've never seen anybody using Thunderbolt for anything other than connecting a monitor. Quite the contrary. Apple has delusions of grandeur if it thinks it can change an entire industry with a less than 10% market share. > you won't use anymore after two years? Probably more like 5 years at best. Removing all USB-A ports would have been a bold move in 2018, but in 2016 it's delusional. Nobody used floppy drives or optical ones when Apple removed them. Most people still use USB-A accessories. See the difference? Yes, but IIRC in 1998 it was pretty clear floppy disks were on their way out. I had my first PC with an optical drive around 1994 and there was no question that was the way of the future. Mice and keyboards work perfectly well on a USB-A connection, there is really no need to force everyone to buy dongles or to upgrade all your peripherals to USB-C. I didn't. The superdrive on my MBP 2007 died pretty fast and I never missed it. When I bought my 2011 MBP I removed the superdrive and installed a second hard drive. And that was just one model, the Air. If you wanted an optical drive you could buy a white macbook or a MBP. Now there are no options. Optical drives didn't go extinct because Apple removed them, but because USB sticks were much more useful. RJ45 went extinct because everyone uses Wifi. In both cases Apple didn't set a trend, it was inevitable. But a USB-A mouse works perfectly, just like a wired headphone. There is not a clear advantage here. Design is about solving problems in a particular medium. It's staggering the number of young graphic designer divas out there that believe are making art. I've been using Cordova in production for this past year and it's a real PITA on iOS. - UIWebView is slow and so broken - WKWebView is fast and so broken https://bugs.webkit.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=wkwebview&li... On Android it's awesome in my experience. Apple again missing the point. It's not about the money, but about having to deal with dongles and adapters. Design tools on Linux are still not good enough. It would be awesome if Affinity released their software for Linux since Adobe is not going to. That's what I thought for 2 years before these new MBPs, and yet, here we are. Even if that was the case, why not let users decide for themselves if they wanted 32GB and 8 hours of battery? 8 hours of battery is still pretty awesome. I think the narrative that Apple presented about not giving the 32GB option because of battery time doesn't make much sense if you consider all the design decisions around these new machines. It makes more sense that Apple thought only a minority of users wanted 32GB and then it backfired. Considering not even Apple makes USB-C accessories I don't buy the idea of advancing the industry. It makes more sense to me that these machines were never intended to be released in 2017 but something happened and Apple didn't have a choice. What about it? Aesthetics are part of the problem that needs to be solved. Maybe, but you missed the second part of the statement which was the most important. Because Apple also manufactures accessories like keyboards and mice. That's precisely my point. When Apple removed the headphone port from the iPhone it added lightning headphones and an adapter into the box. It also announced the AirPods. But with these MBPs? Nothing. No new USB-C keyboard or mouse. No adapters included in the box. No USB-C iPhone. I don't think anybody in its right mind would think the dongle situation is remotely good or that the vast majority of people would not need any dongle. I also don't buy the idea that Apple is "advancing the industry" given the only thing it has done is removing USB-A ports. IMO it would have been wiser to keep 1 or 2 "legacy" USB-A ports. Off topic... but what are you using for JS animations these days? I've been using GSAP for almost a decade since the Flash days. Thanks for all the great info. DreamFactory looks super interesting. Other than having public direct contact with individuals and brands I never saw the point of twitter. I thought I was in the minority a couple of years ago when Twitter was growing exponentially. Now I see it's the other way around. I'm not surprised their ad revenue has been falling about 80% in the last 2 years. There's little communication in 140 characters and the chaotic stream of tweets is unattractive to most users. Maybe Twitter could be more vaulable if owned by Google or Facebook, and integrated in the services of those giants. Apple has denied merging macOS and iOS, but IMO a universal OS that works on all your devices is inevitable. Mobile devices are now powerful enough that they could connect to a screen and display a desktop environment to perform everyday tasks. I'm almost certain Apple isn't doing this because it would canibalise its products. If the rumoured Andromeda OS by Google is what I'm describing, macOS and Windows will become the trucks of desktop OSs. Blink doesn't get any upstream changes AFAIK. In fact it's moving much faster than WebKit and got custom elements back in 2014 with version 33. http://caniuse.com/#search=custom%20elements > The Mac Pro has been the current model for at least two years It was released in October 2013, so more than 3 years. Because of Apple's anorexia, that's why. The 10-15% increase in battery consumption could have been easily solved by having a 10-15% bigger battery. I have not used Arango in production although I evaluated it and exchanged a few emails with Claudius. I see a number of reasons why ArangoDB might be more interesting than Rethink: 1) Arango is a multi model database with graph, noSQL, and key-value pairs. Even if Rethink has joins and complex queries, it will never be as flexible for general data modelling. 2) Foxx is a logical layer on top of the database. While it's limited compared to a classic server side application it offers way more flexibility than Rethink could ever. 3) Arango (or Foxx) don't offer realtime data like Rethink or Firebase, but quite frankly there are few cases where such feature is needed. On our project we are probably going to use DreamFactory instead of Arango because we are more comfortable with SQL dbs and it has a number of other valuable features over Arango. > which you shouldn't Why not? Isn't the brain a biological machine? OrientDB has a similar feature called "live query". Meteor also has something called "reactive data sources" although Meteor is not really a DB. Same here. I live in Mexico and the pricing situation is just ridiculous. We are paying 20-25% more than in the US. Not only for buying the products themselves, but also for the repairs which are way more expensive. When all the 2011 MBP GPU fiasco I was asked for $1500 when in the US Apple asked for about $300 for the exact same repair. I've been with Apple for over a decade and just bought a Surface Book. Windows is not perfect, but Microsoft is doing all the right choices lately and Apple only produces eye rolls. The 2011 was worse since it happened after the warranty expired. At least now people can still get a refund or use Apple Care. > Why on earth would I restrict myself to a stationary computer when I can have a portable one that I can take everywhere I want with no hassle? A couple of reasons come to mind. 1) Price and value. With the exception of all-in-ones and the 2013 Mac Pro, desktop computers can be upgraded, repaired, and you get a lot more for what you pay than a laptop. Also a desktop machine usually lasts a lot longer than a laptop. 2) Flexibility. Laptops are now more than ever closed systems with soldered parts. Which means that (like an iPad) you don't usually have many options available. 3) Power. This is an obvious one, but to get performance you still need a huge laptop or a desktop. I recon none of these points will make much sense if you absolutely need mobility, but as someone that has both a desktop and laptop I see value in both form factors. I've switched to a low carb / high protein / high fat diet and it's great. I'm eating lots of food and losing weight along the way. Each Saturday is cheat day and I eat anything I want. Breaking the sugar / carbs dependency was really difficult for the first weeks but now I'm "fat adapted" as they call it. I've been doing this diet for a year or so and broken it a few times for weeks at a time. Getting back was super easy and I didn't gain much weight. In 2016 I've lost more than 20 kilos, or about 6 belt notches. I even had to buy a new smaller belt. If you want to know more about this look for the Atkins diet, 4 hour body diet, keto diet, etc. Those are all variations on the same idea of reducing or eliminating carbs from your diet. Apparently this fix is only available for Sierra 10.12.2 A nice big finger from Apple to those of us that won't upgrade. I read somewhere that ARM was growing fast because it hadn't been as thoroughly developed as x86 in the past. So right now ARM manufacturers were catching the lowest hanging fruit, so to speak. Is ARM going to hit a limit soon like x86 has? Also in the comments of the article someone says that the x86 architecture is outdated vs SOC architecture. Is this true? Does this mean we'll see SOC on desktop in the near future? TypeScript is a lot better than pure ES6 since it has modifiers, accessors, abstract classes, interfaces, etc. http://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/classes.html I come from 10 years using macs and gave a shot a Windows 10 for a couple of weeks. Windows 10 comes with Windows Defender which is more than enough if you are one of those rare persons with common sense. If you only need to use Adobe software (or any other industry specific) Windows 10 is good. You can chose your own hardware, and personally I've found it to be stable and fast. No need to get an overpriced and decrepit Mac Mini. I wouldn't use it as a general use machine though. I've found that the Windows ecosystem is plagued with old win32 XP era software. You can remove all those live tiles from the start menu. Cortana and those Office installers can be disabled easily. With a simple registry hack you can even remove OneDrive from the file explorer. It would be better if you didn't have to do those things, but it's not that bad. I should follow your advice. I'm too addicted to Reddit. I'm guessing with the rise of automated jobs there will be a huge rise in electrical and mechanical engineers. After all, someone has to take care of those machines, no? I'm guessing you are single and not planning to have kids, right? Are you enjoying the noise of the new keyboard? https://vimeo.com/195645497 Exactly. Like the lack of a proper GPU. Author here. I got the one with Iris Pro. I was a bit worried about performance but after using it for a couple of days I'd say it's more than fine. I haven't connected it to a 4K display though. I will try that and get back to you. Except that this time the "latest and greatest" doesn't really offer better compilation times. I wanted to get a Thinkpad too but the monitor may come with PWM which is a deal breaker for me. Why not have both? Um... you can connect all of those in a laptop. Well, maybe not a 5K display, but 4K should be more than fine. I'm using a Dell P2415Q using the provided mDP to DP cable and it works just fine in 4K at 60Hz. Maybe you were using it at 30Hz? Haxe was so promising but it remains largely ignored by the community. https://www.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=%2Fm%2F0dbj... Couldn't agree more. That's one of the reasons we decided to not have kids. There are too many humans consuming too many resources in an unsustainable lifestyle. I don't really know. The language in itself is awesome. My guess is that there are way too many moving pieces since Haxe needs many side projects to be the universal language it promises to be. I agree, although my anecdotal experience after a decade of using Macs full time (and a few years part time before that) is that I've seen a lot more bugs and problems since Apple switched to a yearly release cycle. Yosemite was by far the worst macOS version I've ever used. I'm pretty happy with El Capitan though and I won't upgrade until I really need to. Downgrade to El Capitan I tried Windows 10 for a couple of weeks and while it was better than I expected it's still a mess. The short version is that the Windows ecosystem is plagued by legacy software (even Windows itself). I'm careful with the power brick and cables now since I've had this happen on a few Macbooks. I'd say half of the Macbook users around me have suffered problems with power brick cables. Specially where the mag safe cable connects to the power brick. I wouldn't blame it on users though. I've never seen other power bricks so plagued with these problems. 99% of users won't see this though. Couldn't agree more. It's not about courage or innovation for innovation's sake, but about making the right decisions. Sometimes that means being boring. The 2013 Mac Pro is a perfect example of Apple badly solving a problem that wasn't there to begin with. What did Apple smoke? Circular GPUs that can't be upgraded? No PCIe slots or storage space that forces you to use expensive TB noisy boxes with cable all over your desk? I've stopped upgrading to major macOS versions until at least 6 months have passed if not 1 year (when the following major version is released). This has worked more or less ok for me with the major exception of Yosemite. Snow Leopard and Mountain Lion were the most stable and polished versions I've used. To be able to ignore the instructions you have to be able to read them first. ;) Although all this is irrelevant since Apple phased out mag safe, the "ears" that hold the cable, and added a removable cable. I've reported numerous iOS bugs in the webkit project and most of the times I never get answer. I also frequently report bugs in the Chromium project and I usually get an answer in less than an hour. Never a bug I reported was ignored, legitimate or not. Recently I wrote an article criticising iOS from a dev perspective and posted a tweet from a core webkit member: > that's because they have a lot more engineers and evangelists/dev-rel than Apple ...referring to Google and the Chromium project. Well, hours after I published the article the Twitter user was deleted. Here's the article in question: https://medium.com/@Pier/why-i-hate-ios-as-a-developer-459c1... Problem is you also need to upgrade your motherboard, memory, and probably your CPU cooler. And if you do that, you might as well just build a new computer with a current GPU. Achieving the same level of performance with ARM is only half the story. Apple has to surpass the Core i series to make any sense to switch. And then there's the whole clusterfuck that would be porting all the x86 software to ARM. When Apple switched to Intel emulation of Power PC was usable via Rosetta but AFAIK emulation of x86 with ARM is extremely slow. > What makes you think their USB-C cables will be much better? Nothing, but at least those can be replaced without having to upgrade the whole power brick. Who would have thought? The latest version of Ember has improved performance considerably although generally it's considered slow compared to modern alternatives like Angular 2, React, Cycle, etc. I haven't seen your code, but using lots of Singletons is usually a code smell. > Learn a bit about microservices and RESTfull stuff and you might begin to see the light, about how a browser can consume an API that sends back JSON DATA rather than rendered HTML. It's the future. RESTful APIs are great but you are 10 years late to the party. Using RESTful APIs is exactly the same thing web services were back 15 years ago with XML. https://apievangelist.com/2012/12/20/history-of-apis/ I'm 37 and I find that I'm smarter and wiser now than I was in my 20s which makes learning much easier even if my brain is almost double the age. RemindMe! Twenty Years All of the above. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The food though... I started coding in BASIC with a Sony MSX in the 80s, and professionally since the late 90s on all sorts of things (web, desktop, video games, etc). Mobile is BY FAR the most frustrating experience I've ever had. This could be easily solved if HTML5 apps were first class citizens in Android and iOS like they are in Chrome OS. Relying on third party solutions like Cordova, Crosswalk, is frustrating. Solutions like ReactNative and NativeScript are also unsatisfying and both iOS and Android should offer a similar solution (native engine + scripting behaviour) without relying on third parties. This is common practice in the video game industry and prevents 15 or more minutes of compile times. How do you search files in a cross platform way? You could do the same thing with a single dedicated virtual machine. The problem with classic dedicated servers is hardware... when a disk (or other component) fails it can be a little nightmare. What I did was to simply log out from Facebook. I would impulsively type the URL and then the small nuisance of having to log in was enough for me to close the tab. After a few days it was enough to stop the compulsion, and now I haven't used Facebook in months. Reddit on the other hand... > Anyway, besides the recruiter app, is LinkedIn really worthy of a SPA experience? In some cases it makes sense, but very few websites really need to be SPAs yet everyone these days is using React, Angular, Ember, etc. Facebook created React to not depend on other frameworks. They also added HTML and CSS into JS because their application is huge and complex. At their size it makes sense to have all the bits needed to work on something in the same place. Redux, same thing. It's a solution that is intended to solve problems at the 1B users scale. The truth is 99.99% of web applications won't come close to that level of complexity, but devs insist in using solutions React and Redux because... hype? It's like driving with a school bus to carry 1 person. Dan Abramov has said himself that it doesn't make sense to use Redux until you need it. Same thing with all those JS UI benchmarks. There must be a use case for rendering and doing data binding in 10000 UI elements at 60 fps, but those are very rare edge cases. I'm guilty of this myself. I've spent 2016 working with React on a few SPAs and I have to admit I only got in it or the hype. Everyone was doing it which must mean it's the best way to go, right? Wrong. I'm moving away from SPAs in 2017. Going back the classic route of generating dynamic HTML in the server and sprinkle pages with JS "widgets" whenever I REALLY need those UI enhancements. If I need an SPA for a particular use case, sure I'll do it, but not as a default option. Edit: In mobile SPAs makes even less sense. Sure you may be reducing requests, eventually, but the CPU usage is bigger and the initial load is also bigger. And sure, you can really optimise an SPA but this adds complexity on top of complexity. Sites like HN and Reddit have proven that content is king. I wanted to get a Razer Blade Stealth but the internet is plagued with ugly customer support stories and QA issues. No thanks. > The unified vision at Apple is gone. My theory is that something happened and Apple felt it was forced to release the new MBP 6 months or maybe 1 year before the whole line was ready. In that case why not use something more lightweight such as Vue? I have a number of PCs and Macs at home (even a Sierra hackintosh) and I just prefer working on macOS. I tried switching to Windows for work but ultimately I need iOS and macOS compilation and I also miss the macOS ecosystem too much (Alfred, Karabiner, BetterTouchTool, iTerm, etc). Also Windows is plagued by legacy software, which is not an absolute deal breaker but who prefers working with ugly outdated software? If you have big hardware requirements moving to Windows or Linux is a no brainer. Even when money is not an issue, with Apple you are stuck with decrepit AMD GPUs. Depends on the country. If you live outside of the US even big manufacturers like Dell give you very limited hardware options. Yes, like in macOS or Windows. Thank you, I thought I was going crazy. I've been using vector software since Corel Draw 4 and quite frankly I don't understand how people can design layouts in Photoshop. I've done it, but it's really a pita compared to working with any vector graphics software. No wonder so many people are moving to Sketch. Can confirm, Sentry is awesome. It's been very easy to integrate in our web apps and the results are helpful. My main problems with the console are: 1) Lack of in depth analytics on storage and the database. You give us some vague bandwidth and space metrics which aren't that useful. 2) No way to search, filter, or query the database. The database manager is really only a JSON editor which isn't that useful. I'm guessing this is a consequence of the database API being very limited. 3) Editing rules using a JSON or even Bolt becomes unmaintainable once you reach a certain complexity. Specially if you want to create role based permissions. There should be a UI to manage rules. Even better, there should be a role based permissions system built in. > make the 90% use cases simple, and make the complicated 10% possible That's not what we have experienced while using Firebase for the last year. I have no complaints about storage, but the database is so limited that most projects will become impractical or simply impossible for a number of reasons: 1) No remotely decent querying capabilities 2) No search capabilities other than building your own or relying on third party like Elastic 3) No way to reference data, make joins, etc, like Rethink, Mongo, Arango, or others have. I'd say the vast majority of projects will need one or more of those points which really doesn't fit into your statement. > It’d be a lot nicer place if projects like this would be open, so people could use it on their own systems Check Feathers.js if you want realtime on your own system. Oh wow. So how did you/are you solving this? This reminded me of the film "Match Point" directed by Woody Allen. IMO his best film. Quite the contrary actually, it should have more humour. So how was Vue for an enterprise application? The fact that this and practically all React packages are community maintained is one of the pain points with React IMO. I'm not saying React and React Native should come included with a router, but that Facebook should provide an official one just like Angular and Vue do. Is there really a market for this? 9$ per month seems pretty steep when you consider that Github's web interface is free and pretty awesome. Try Reddit. For example: https://www.reddit.com/r/learnjavascript/ https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/ > The totally useless expense of wedging a long, narrow Apple Watch into every keyboard is driving Apple's prices way, way up. Not only that. Also Apple's anorexia, making a useless gigantic trackpad, providing a DCI-P3 screen which is useless for most people, etc. I wrote this piece on Firebase recently and I would not recommend it except for very simple or specialised projects. https://medium.com/@Pier/firebase-the-great-the-meh-and-the-... Don't get me wrong, Firebase has a lot of good things going on, but the bad aspects make it unsuitable for a large variety of projects. Yep data modelling and querying capabilities is a real deal breaker in Firebase. Something as simple as filtering by 2 or more values becomes ridiculously tedious. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26700924/query-based-on-m... > Querybase is in an experiment and not for production Also since Firebase doesn't allow more than one filtering field with orderByChild(...) I'm guessing Querybase will do all the work on the client. This is less than ideal since the data has to be downloaded first. My team is moving from React to Vue precisely for many of the reasons you are pointing out. We considered Polymer but we felt it's still too early for web components. Vue's code is not as elegant as React or others, but it's very pragmatic, fast, lightweight, and easy to learn. It's just as ridiculous as those forms you are asked to fill when entering the US as a foreigner. For example: > Do you seek to engage in terrorist activities while in the United States? So if such person engages in a terrorist act having lied on a form would matter at all? Because you can as easily create a fake social media profile We definitely need a universal OS for all our devices and I really believe Google is in a great position to get us there. It would really surprise me if Apple got there first. Tim lacks vision and will keep on milking iOS even if the iPad Pro is a failure as a laptop replacement. Windows is still king in the desktop space, at least as far a user base goes, but it's terrible on tablets and phones. MS has all the tech in place with UWP, but it's still pretty far in the race in terms of simplicity and usability. Chrome OS ticks all the right boxes, and is experiencing a huge growth, but it's not universal. If Andromeda is real, and it's able to become a universal OS that merges Chrome OS and Android it might be the best thing since sliced bread. ESLint has a rule to prevent this. http://eslint.org/docs/rules/yoda The UI is but a small part of an OS or an application. It's obvious that the UI has to be different depending on the device, input, etc. Again, the problem is pretending to use the same UI for all input methods. And I agree that is a mistake. But what if you could use the same language and frameworks on all devices? The same tools (IDE, code editor, compiler, etc)? That's what I'm referring to. iOS and macOS are much more different than a change of UI. He lacks vision, not because he doesn't share my vision, but because of everything he has done in Apple. That's not to say he is a bad CEO, he isn't IMO, but he is only polishing the same ideas from 10-15 years ago. I'm not even arguing that's a bad thing per se , it's just how things are. Also, I really don't see how a developer could argue against the notion of having a single language, API, IDE, compiler, etc, for working on all devices. > Combining Chrome OS and Android is uninteresting to me, since I wouldn't be able to develop on it or really do any of the things I use a computer for. Time will tell. Indeed. The tablet aspect is pretty mediocre. People usually confuse an OS with a UI. Obviously different devices need different UIs. I don't know about London, but in Mexico City it's really the only option. It sucks, but it's the reality. Even if you have your own car, there are now air pollution emergency measures in place which prevent cars (even new ones) to be used all days of the week. Public transport is crap. There is metro and metrobus, but coverage is really small. There are also small vans moving around the city but those are not safe to use. Also be ready to sweat like a pig in any of those options. Forget about using public transport when going to a business or work meeting. 80% of Taxis are 10+ years old Nissan Tsuru which are uncomfortable and more often than not you are not sure if you can trust the taximeter. Also many of these taxi drivers do not want to use apps like google maps or waze so you end up taking longer. They know better than Google. With Uber you can ask for a driver wherever you are and you know it will be safe, get a minimum comfort, you won't be overcharged, and you won't even need to exchange money with the driver. > I don't hear much about the display on the MBP, it's as near to perfect as any display I've ever seen I mentioned it in my article. It has a wider gamut and brighter panel, but color fidelity wise it's worse than it's predecessors. https://medium.com/@Pier/why-i-bought-a-2015-macbook-pro-fad... > a platform that is arguably doing significant damage to our culture and democracy Ignorance and the lack of critical thinking are probably more responsible here than Facebook. We used their react-templates extensively last year and the experience was mostly positive. This year we are moving from React to Vue. In parte because we prefer working with HTML + directives than JSX, but also because Vue is more pragmatic and much nicer on beginners and people coming from jQuery. Just login to the site and pick the subreddits you want to see? > I need to find something with purpose,big money, and satisfaction. Do you? If you did, you'd be motivated about that. But you aren't. The problem is not really finding something outside, but changing something in yourself. It sounds like you think motivation comes from the outside. There's no IKEA in Mexico, and I really miss it. Anything here with a decent design almost falls into the luxurious range. Sure IKEA has some cheap stuff, but you can also get better products by buying their more expensive products. I bought a couch 10 years ago that I later sold to a friend and he is still using it. We had some Kallax (expedit) in our previous office bought in 2004 and are still being used by someone. > In Pakistan, IKEA furniture is an imported luxury good. There are fancy high-end boutiques selling IKEA furniture in the most upscale consumer markets. Same here. Of course you pay double or triple the price you'd pay in Europe or the US, so it defeats its purpose. > In the mean time you can go to the crummiest street workshop and buy gorgeous handmade furniture with woodwork that you will never see in the West, sold for a pittance. It really boggles the mind. There are a lot of street vendors with handmade furniture here, except that those are pretty rough and plain ugly. Another problem is that Mexicans are usually short. If you are above 6' like I am then most furniture will feel small. Usable, but small. In 2007 I crossed the border on bus going from Montreal to NY. The girl I was travelling with was accused of illegal importation of fruits because she was carrying an apple for the trip. I have almost no bufferbloat when downloading (about 1ms) but about 300ms when uploading. What does this mean? Yes, that was it. Swift is fast and the language is nice and all, but this feels more like propaganda. Let's not forget IBM and Apple have become friends recently.[1] I really don't see Swift becoming a popular full stack solution outside of environments invested in iOS and macOS. Swift can indeed run on a multitude of systems but that doesn't mean it's a good option. For example it's not even close to being ready for Android. It can run, but that's it. Other than that you are on your own. No UI libs, nothing. This leaves you with iOS if you need to run on mobile which is extremely restricted. Want to freely distribute an app among your colleagues on the lab? Fuck you. You have to do all sorts of acrobatics with testing devices, provisioning certificates, etc. In Android you just compile an .apk and send the link to your colleagues to install it, like in any other platform on Earth except iOS. Even macOS. [1] http://www.apple.com/ipad/business/work-with-apple/ibm/ As long as you are ok with going through the App Store and only using iOS then yeah, good for you. This is what I meant earlier with: > I really don't see Swift becoming a popular full stack solution outside of environments invested in iOS and macOS. But in many enterprise, industrial, education, and scientific applications, iOS is a complete fail. Not because of iOS in itself, but because of the many restrictions Apple imposes on the development workflow and the limited hardware. Or if you need cough mobile crossplatform cough ... > How does that make presenting their product propaganda any more so than any other product presentation? Heck, they even use it themselves for their backend. There is that aspect, sure. But what I wanted to point out is the irony of IBM promoting Swift since there isn't really any obvious advantage of using it full stack unless you are using iOS. Which happens to be the product of their new friend. That is all. Can confirm. The Firebase team is monitoring StackOverflow constantly. I've had answers in as short as a few minutes. Author here. That list wasn't really ordered in any way. And btw I've removed point 6 from that list. We are moving from Firebase to Feathers js + PostgreSQL running on Heroku. Zero server/database configuration or managing needed. Being able to have data relationships and real querying is a big plus over Firebase. I'm not saying that's a bad thing. What I'm saying is that moving to swift full stack is only beneficial if you are using iOS or macOS on your clients. I couldn't disagree more. The mac was probably even more reliable before the Mac App Store existed. As for safety I've been using macOS since Panther and I've never had a security problem. Not allowing apps outside of your store is like not allowing your kids outside. It works on the short term, but it's a terrible strategy in the long term. Users, like kids, need to learn common sense. > and without any way of knowing if what they are getting is quality app Indeed. Good luck getting a refund. Apple should move to automatic refunds for the Mac and iOS app stores just like the Google Play store does. Scroll jacking is a terrible practice. 1) It's intrusive and destroys the user experience which ironically is what it pretends to enhance. 2) Even if it feels right on the designer's machine, we never know what scrolling implementations there may be in the future that will certainly break such gimmicks. > wheat, coconut oil, potatoes, and heme Replacing meat for carbs is not a great idea. Edit: I was wrong. 200cal only have 6g of carbs which is pretty good IMO. > What if animal fats are too heavy for your personal digestive system You could get vegetable fats from avocados, olive oil, etc. Fats are essential to life. > and you aren't obsessed with your BMI? It's a myth that eating fats will increase your BMI. It's eating too many calories that causes that. All OS related functionality is through Node. JavaScript is not perfect by any means, but if it was that bad how come so many companies have used it successfully? Netflix, Ebay, Uber, Facebook, etc. These are not your average mom-and-pop web dev shops. Note the key word in my question: successfully It makes sense. For most people entertainment is about escapism after all. He missed a reference to Far Cry 3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKMMCPeiQoc Can anyone compare this to Vue? Because ISPs can't read your traffic - FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop - HEADLINE: text antialiasing options - DESCRIPTION: I'm not a Linux guy, but when I've tried it I'm always annoyed at how ugly text looks compared to macOS. It would be great if we could pick different text renderers or have a new one with an easy GUI for adjusting parameters. It still doesn't look like a plane crashed there I don't know what happened and I can only make conclusions based on the data I have access to. Obviously I'm not an expert... But if there was a fire strong enough to vanish 90% of the fuselage, the passengers, and other stuff, then why is it we can still see pentagon furniture, and plastic stuff such as computer monitors? http://pop.h-cdn.co/assets/15/37/980x490/landscape-144199756... So far I haven't seen a single "expert opinion" that explains why the wings of the plane disappeared leaving no trace. https://truthandshadows.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/pentagon... And what about the wings of the plane? Obviously those didn't go through the building. https://truthandshadows.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/pentagon... > The things that would almost certainly have folded back slighly before disintegrating? Nothing disintegrates my friend, that's science fiction. > have you limited yourself to silly graphics like you added? It seems you missed the actual photography. Nice try. Here is what a crashed plane looks like. http://clickhowto.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/plane-crash... http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2016/11/30/6860e5e92... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/8f/5a/cc/8f5acc115... http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01210/denver-pla... See? There's a lot of fuselage still there. I've been living in Mexico for 8 years. I'm from Europe and married to a Mexican woman. I've lived in a couple different states (DF, Edo. Mexico, Queretaro, Veracruz, Quintana Roo). I've never once felt not safe, or seen violence. I see the news and I really wonder if I'm living in a different country. I lived in Tequisquiapan for a few years which is pretty close! Didn't expect to find someone on HN living in El Bajío. :) I've been building hacks (as the community calls them) since 2010. If you get a golden build and get it working it's almost like a real mac. It's possible to get everything working 100% but it's time consuming and even in the best case scenario macOS updates will probably be a pain. Another aspect to consider is noise. If you come from the Mac world you are probably spoiled by low noise or silent computers. PCs are very noisy and you will probably have spend time in research and money in expensive silent parts to solve this. Finally, a common problem with hackintoshes is wifi. I've tried everything, believe me. If you intend on using Wifi your best bet is buying the same chip Apple uses with an adapter. Many manufacturers offer their Wifi drivers for macOS but those are usually finicky or outdated. This is expensive, but it's IMO the best choice: http://www.osxwifi.com/apple-broadcom-bcm94360cd-802-11-a-b-... Many people have already moved to Windows, Linux, and hackintosh. If Apple wants to win them back it will need to offer something really good in specs, features, and specially price. On desktops? Silent computers at full load are very rare, but a common PC is noisy even at idle. My point is simply that one has to put special effort when building a PC to even get silence at idle. > Also I wish Apple continued making displays. Apple recently said it was going to release a new display for the 2018 Mac Pro. Same here. I bought a 2015 model. https://medium.com/@Pier/why-i-bought-a-2015-macbook-pro-fad... I wonder why the author ignored other big players in those benchmarks such as Angular or Vue. > Billions of people could die. We might lose 99% of species. You make it sound like this wasn't a huge deal. Even if we magically stopped all emissions today it would not be enough. The time to act was probably 50 years ago. 1) Climatic feedback systems such as arctic ice melting, or permafrost methane have already been triggered. This means their effect will continue for centuries if not millenia. 2) Climate lag. There are a few decades between emissions and consequences in the climate. 40 years on averge from what I've read. This means we are now only seeing the effects from the 70s emissions, and we have emitted more CO2 in the past decades than in the previous 150 years before that. 3) Cooling from sulfate aerosols produced by industrial activity. It's unclear how much these are cooling the atmosphere but even a small number such 0.2ºC would be considerable. Our only chance are very strong negative emissions. > I haven't found an easy app for Linux that works like Search Everything on Windows. https://github.com/albertlauncher/albert True, but searching by name it's one of the main features of Albert and it's certainly more convenient than using ST to search your computer. Great idea. Are you using WebKit's WebView? I'm guessing no Node or any other API to interact with the OS (file system, etc), right? I would much rather see a native to JS bridge completely decoupled from React. Wunderlist, Slack, Spotify, Adobe CC, Atom, VSCode, and a very long etc. (Technically Spotify and Adobe CC use CEF instead of electron but it's the same idea) Um you are right. It used to be HTML5 and in 2012 they switched to native. My bad. https://techcrunch.com/2012/12/18/wunderlist-2-goes-native-o... Breaking safety in the name of safety is like going to war in the name of peace. Even for small projects libraries such as Vue or React are very useful. Of course it feels easier to stick with what you know, but managing the DOM with data is so much easier than using jQuery + Handlebars. Seriously, spend some time learning Vue. You won't regret it. It has to be said that you don't need any building process (Webpack, gulp, etc) to use Vue. You can simply write your templates in your index.html and import using . Which is why I much prefer Reddit than Facebook. Content is curated by each community and not some corporation. There is a "hot" algorithm but you are free to switch to "top", "new", etc, if it doesn't work for you. Apparently it's already been implemented in Nougat. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/03/25/android-n-feature-sp... I was a heavy Flickr user for about 5 years and I have to disagree with you. Facebook certainly brought photo sharing to the masses, but most Flickr users were actually "a bunch of amateurs obsessed with lens quality", at least the active ones. Most of these didn't move their photography to Facebook but to other sites like 500px and later Instagram. I agree with the article, Flickr died because Yahoo let it rot. It could argued though that if Yahoo had cared about Flickr it could have become Instagram. Nah we just send a couple hundred clones You mean like https://www.reddit.com/r/Cyberpunk/ True, but I'm sure there are a lot of cases where the OS wasn't updated because of the necessary investment to jump to a new Windows version. If instead of desktop win32 applications they had used web applications none of this would have happened. Servers are much less vulnerable for a number of reasons: 1) People managing and configuring them are more security conscious than the vast majority people. Come on, nobody downloads an email attachment or connects an USB they found in the parking lot to a server. 2) It's much cheaper to keep a server updated than a thousand Windows clients. 3) Like whitefish pointed out, even in the worst case scenario you can restore a backup and keep on truckin'. I feel that's one of the reasons the iPad is failing as a laptop replacement. The CPU/GPU power is there, but iOS is too restrictive. Meanwhile Chromebooks are growing really fast. IMO Google is nailing the OS for the masses in the post mobile era. I'd love to have a few days of peace to be able to try GraphQL and Graphcool. If it does the job as expected it looks super useful for small dev teams. They have solved simple auth, permissions, data modelling, cloud functions, etc. A priori, my only complaints about Graphcool are: - Ridiculous file storage price beyond the initial 10GB. Almost 20 times more expensive than Firebase and S3. - No permissions for machine clients. They provide a machine key but these machines have access to the entire DB. So if you need an integration with some third party you need to spin up your own proxy. - The UI for working on the database and models is really awesome. It would be even better with some headless CMS alternative type of UI and allow puny humans to add/edit content, files, etc. This is something most projects need anyway. - No REST API. Yes I know, but not everyone is ready to make the jump to GraphQL and being able to implement it gradually might be a nice bonus. Or maybe you'd like to give access to a third party to some of your data. Again, this could be solved with a proxy, but it would be a nice to have. > File storage is not where we want to earn our money Why not sell storage at cost + 15% or something similar? You could also simply offer some type of GCS or S3 integration so that your users would provide their own buckets but use your fantastic API. > I think it would be awesome if someone would create an open source content editor for GraphQL apis. Hmmmmm (wheels turning) I was discussing about this with an old (60+) developer that still insists in making everything in PHP with his own CMS / framework that he built 10+ years ago. He stated similar opinions to yours: "so many acronyms, frameworks, unnecessary features, etc". I don't know about you, but it sounded he was trying to cope with generational gap more than anything. Nobody needs electrical powered car windows or even automatic transmission. Is it more complicated to build cars with those unnecessary features? Yes, but that's what the market expects. Similarly, these days users expect all the bells and whistles of sophisticated user interfaces. They want to click a like button without having to refresh the whole window, and load content progressively without having to go to the next page. It sounds intriguing but you really need to put a lot more info on that website. Forcing me to request an invite or register to know more about a product is the fastest way of making me close the browser tab. IMO the biggest problem with Firebase is data modelling and querying. No relationships, very basic filtering capabilities, etc. That should be a deal breaker for any serious project. I wrote this a couple of months back where I expand on that and other pain points: https://medium.freecodecamp.com/firebase-the-great-the-meh-a... It makes perfect sense if you consider that the reason stuff like Graphcool and GraphQL exist is because the need of decoupling the front end stack. And the need to decouple it is because it's becoming increasingly complex. > Why do i need to lend a machine that only builts another machine on his own premises? You could just spend money/time to build the machine yourself. Right? Why aren't Apple or Google doing something like this? Well nobody is forcing you to do anything. If running your tech on your own infrastructure is better for you, then by all means keep on doing that. > they got your back as longest you paid them to Yeah, vendor lock-in is a problem, but depending on the size of your operation it might make sense. With GraphQL based solutions it's less of a problem though. For technical questions Puf seems to be telepathically connected to StackOverflow. He has answered any of my questions within a an hour or two at the most. And again we see that React isn't that great these days. > this site isn't intended to be a contest/perf-comparison It's comparing load time, not performance. Why not get a less demanding front end position? Even working half time you will make more than at McDonalds. I bought a Surface Book on Black Friday and returned it a week later due to the number of glitches with the pen and the GPU. For example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XLVgpD-Dtc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YupJV7QPHfk ... and that is a pain to use on your lap. I bought a MBP in Spain and got it repaired for free in Mexico a couple of years ago. Unless policies have changed drastically I'd say you are wrong. In separate repos, yes, but unlike React both the Router and Store are official. When using Vue CLI it configures a project for you with vue-router and vuex. 1. Vue has been pretty stable, and Angular has learned from its previous mistakes. Also, remember Parse. 2. There is NativeScript which supports Angular 2+ and shortly Vue, and Weex build by Alibaba on top of Vue. For a moment I thought this was based on React... Except that arrays start on 1, right? You are not wrong. I think the problem is not really Facebook but its users. Sharing a blog post on Facebook is as wrong as sharing your travel photos on HN. Either the CTO and his dev team are ridiculously stupid, or this was on purpose. I know a guy who does all his projects using Max MSP and loves it. It's obvious that visual programming is much less expressive than writing code, but it's attractive to people that are afraid of code or are too lazy to learn a new language. "Terrorists can discuss things in private at their homes so we are going to put cameras on every home" Same argument, just as ridiculous. The medium is the message I third it Except that Foxconn still isn't building Apple products with clean energy. Apparently they will in 2018: https://www.ft.com/content/087525c4-786b-11e5-a95a-27d368e1d... It's still missing mouse support Sadly Apple has no interest in helping developers make hybrid iOS apps. WKWebView and UIWebView will only give you headaches. > my mobile web work is constrained by what iOS safari outright refuses to do You are privileged to be able to work with Safari. Imagine if you had to work with its bastard deformed brothers WKWebView and UIWebView. Plus you have cross platform solutions that are as good if not better. From game engines such as Unity which have plenty of AR plugins, to SkiaSharp (port of Google's Skia) using Xamarin. Indeed. I work for an education company in Mexico. We target upper class schools and the distribution between iOS and Android is roughly 50/50 in our market. There have been AR libraries for years. Apple is pretty late to the game. For example ARToolKit is available for Unity, or even Anddroid. https://artoolkit.org/documentation/doku.php?id=6_Unity:unit... Unless you are targeting a specific audience (for example artists that use the iPad Pro) for most developers it really doesn't make sense to confine yourself to iOS. You should be able to make a native plugin for Cordova or React Native. NativeScript gives you access to native API automatically. I've said it before and I'll say it again. It doesn't make any sense that anyone would put a junior on his first day even close to a production environment, much less using a tool that can delete a database that btw you can't restore from a backup. IMO this is either a false story, or this was done on purpose. What if the company wanted to get rid of some data that would put the company in a difficult position in front of its shareholders or even the law? What if the lost data could prove that the CTO had made some other much bigger mistake that allowed hackers to get private information? We will never know of course. 1) It's irrelevant since it's the only language we have on the browser. 2) I think this is actually a cultural problem. Are users steering away from overcomplex/bloated/intrusive websites? If not, why not? 3) That's an argument similar to should a site support IE8? IMO it really boils down to the cost vs the benefit of supporting user without JS. And that of course will depend on your target users. I find these images fascinating, specially the parts were the textures blend with the faces. It feels like we are watching the world through another mind, so to speak. Is there something like Heroku but for dotnet core apps? I'd like to play a bit with it but it should be as easy as pushing to a repo to deploy and run. Google should release the software as part of Chrome OS. This way it could be used in Chrome OS devices connected to projects and screens in meeting rooms and classrooms. Once the collaborative features become a hit, then sell them the luxury device. Otherwise with this ridiculous price it smells like DOA to me. I'd like to avoid any installation hassles. What would be the easiest way to run on macOS? RedBubble is where I buy hi quality artists' prints Aync/await is the best thing since sliced bread. It has made my life so much easier. There is no difference, async/await is just another promise notation. > But it still beats promises or callback hell..... And then() hell ... CS is one of the main reasons I haven't contributed more to Atom. I guess when Atom was started it made sense to use CS, not anymore. Hopefully Github will switch to ES6/7 or TS. What if they moved to their own infrastructure? I imagine being an image hosting service it would be cheaper in the long run, although I have no idea by how much and if it would make sense all things considered. Thanks for the great article. Reminded me of this essay by the biologist Eric R. Pianka. http://www.zo.utexas.edu/courses/THOC/VanishingBook.html Is this intended for a general purpose programming? Nothing stops you from sticking with PHP and jQuery if you think that's better. > in the millimeter continuum what does that mean? > Its application code is still developed using PHP This is surprising since 1) Facebook is most likely using Hack and 2) it could save a lot of money by moving to Go. > Facebook’s entire site runs on HHVM (desktop, API and mobile) Isn't Facebook running mostly on React? I'm guessing HHVM only really powers the API, business logic, etc. Even if they reduced their server usage by 10% that would amount to a lot of money, and it's probable the performance benefit would be much higher than that. Yes, that was why I mentioned it. The article said PHP was powering their web apps, but in fact it's only powering the APIs since their frontends are SPAs. Let's imagine Facebook spends 2 billion on servers every year. If it could reduce the number of servers by 20% because of the better Go performance it would save 200 million every year. Go outperforms HHVM by a wider margin than 20%. I've seen benchmarks as high as 50%. Sure, benchmarks aren't real world applications, but it's safe to say that generally speaking Go is significantly faster than HHVM. So what's your stack? Still running PHP? Is anyone else here writing their GraphQL queries / REST calls in their components? IMO coupling the data layer with the presentation layer is a terrible idea. > Plus bonuses if you have more than one database or are mixing data from your database and external APIs in your backend responses. You can easily do that with a RESTful API too. On the server side it's very similar to REST. You define your types in a schema file, and then write functions that go fetch the data for each type. These functions are called resolvers. For example you have a Product type, and then write the resolver function that queries the database and/or another API. When you have the data, you pass it back to the client via Apollo or Relay. The big advantage over REST is that the client can define what data it wants and how it wants it. If you are full stack dev this isn't such a great advantage, but for bigger projects where front/back are spread among many engineers this can be an advantage. Also, since the schema defines the types, your API is almost self documented so to speak. The big disadvantage is authentication and authorization. We kept using REST for authentication, and we couldn't find any ready made solution for role based authorization like you have in Express, Hapi, etc. I think a combination of REST and GraphQL is the better approach. Yes, hence it's not a bonus. Now that I've paid more attention it seems I was wrong. They are actually injecting the query into the route. In our case we still use Skype. It's the only native cross platform app that offers group calls and screen share for free. I'd gladly use Slack, but group calls and screen share is a paid add on. Hangouts has always had terrible performance in my experience. Facetime works nice for one to one, but a lot of people don't have Macs, and again no group calls or screen share. I liked Fuze, but then they pivoted to enterprise paid clients only. Bluejeans is paid only and via Facebook IIRC. What else is there? Nothing will stop Adobe from bringing Flash back from the grave via Web Assembly. What about moving to old stacks like... PHP? It's going to happen. Many (most?) designers will avoid code like the plague and stick to visual tools like Flash. I live in Mexico and here everything is repairable since wages are so low. The studio is awesome, but that mac mansion though... I don't understand what "streaming" means here. Is this a video stream of a QT UI being rendered in the server ad-hoc for the client? Is this a QT UI being converted to WebGL (planes, meshes, etc) on the fly? Is this a QT UI compiled for WebGL? Reminded me of Gödel's incompleteness theorems. First incompleteness theorem Any consistent formal system F within which a certain amount of elementary arithmetic can be carried out is incomplete; i.e., there are statements of the language of F which can neither be proved nor disproved in F. Second incompleteness theorem For any consistent system F within which a certain amount of elementary arithmetic can be carried out, the consistency of F cannot be proved in F itself. I've always seen it written "Mac" and not "Mc" You are right though: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McMansion But VNC is video streaming, right? What are the instruction being sent to the browser? "paint this text" here, "paint this surface" here, etc? In the last couple of years we've seen a small number of significant improvements like async/await but mostly small tepid improvements like string padding, array.map(), etc. It's like TC39 are simply polishing JS. I'd like to see TC39 tackling the big problems of JS like the lack of static type checking. I'm tired of looking at a method and having to figure out if it is expecting a string, or an object. We had EcmaScript4 about 10 years ago with plenty of great features but TC39 killed it. And yeah, it probably made sense since the browser vendor landscape was very different back then. Today it would be possible to implement significant changes to the language much like the WebAssembly initiative. I know, but it's not JavaScript. I'm not advocating for breaking changes, in fact static type checking in ES4 was optional, the language remained just as dynamic if you wanted to use it that way. Yes I know, but again, it's not JavaScript and there will always be headaches here and there. For example: https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/typescript.html That would explain the Fermi paradox No, but Apple uses a lot of Broadcom chips Well, first, to be able to colonize you must first be able to travel and if bureaucracy is preventing travel it is also preventing colonization. And second, my previous comment was a joke. Finally. I've been using Transmit for 10 years and had already moved to Forklift since the Transmit 4 engine was so slow. Transmit 5 looks awesome and I only miss access to Google Cloud Storage which surprisingly only Cyberduck supports. We use Google Keep at home to share shopping lists. I also use it for quick notes on any of my devices. For reminders, meetings, events, etc I use Google Calendar. I really don't see the point. If you don't need cross platform the best choice is native so you can leverage all the platform goodies. If you do need cross platform and have the budget you will go with 2 native projects. If you don't have enough budget for 2 native apps you have a few options. Cordova is good enough for a lot of apps. Even Apple uses Webviews in its own apps. Also check the Missive mail client all built with web technologies: https://medium.com/missive-app/our-dirty-little-secret-cross... We are building a universal app that will work on iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, and Chrome OS with a single code base. If you need better performance you can always use React Native, NativeScript, or Xamarin. Why go with this Fuse thing? > it may be that you would rather not spend all that money twice Maybe. My point is not about how you manage your budget, but how you make an app with the available budget for the app. > or you would rather have one app with twice the features of two native apps If you need those features then you can't really afford 2 native apps either. I also think the pricing is unsustainable. Even if you are making mobile apps all year round, what if tomorrow you don't want to use Fuse anymore? You'd need to keep on paying the subscription to fix bugs. What if you are a freelancer who only makes mobile apps from time to time? Again you need to pay the whole enchilada to be able to fix little bugs from time to time. A price per published app would make more sense IMO. Allow devs to use the complete experience for developing, make them pay when they need to compile and publish the app. If you are confident that your users will love your dev experience (which seems your stronger selling point) this would not feel like a trap. Spaniard here can confirm. I'm guessing they also have a coding manual. Tabs or spaces? The image is pretty misleading. It looks as if GraphQL server connects you to REST and SQL. In fact you simply have functions called resolvers where you write your logic to get data from wherever you want. SQL, NoSQL, API, filesystem, etc. LOL But then why connect it to SQL and Redis? Indeed. Another factor is climate lag, also called climate inertia. There is a delay of a couple of decades between emissions and temperature change. The thing is we have emitted more in the past decades than the previous 150 years before that. So even if a miracle happened and we got to zero emissions there are still self sustaining feedbacks and a monstrous wave of warming coming at us. Our only hope really are extreme negative emissions, but I feel we won't even be able to make it to zero emissions. So because some people might take criticism personally we shouldn't be allowed to express criticism? I agree with you and I'm not saying "delete your fucking project" is constructive criticism. But, if an internet stranger says "delete your fucking project" and you take that personally there's no one to blame for your suffering than yourself. Also, _Marak_'s paternalistic comment would make sense with a group of 10 year olds, but we are all adults here. I asked a question because I want to start a debate, which is quite different. I'm sorry, could you explain what part of what I said was infantile? I had to disable the ad blocker to get the nice web gl graphics. From a front end perspective I think this it's awesome. No so sure about the content though. I'm guessing the smallest possible chunk of code is a cloud function. Easy to rewrite, replace, and deploy. What is most interesting to me is that people do not know what they want or what they are really consuming. You can simply use SatoshiDice or any other gambling site to mix small quantities. I haven't used it in a while, but last time I did you could use a different address. Amen. AS3 is one of the best languages I've ever used. Easy to use, dynamic but also statically typed when you want it with many of features from Java and C# which still aren't available in JS. I wrote this a couple of months back: https://medium.com/@Pier/ecmascript-4-was-too-ahead-of-its-t... The Flash player (which is really what's being killed here) was piece of crap, but the Flash ecosystem was amazing. There is nothing today that offers a similar level of accessible crossplatform development like Adobe Air. Qt is the only thing that comes close. Sadly Adobe decided to kill the Flash platform. I wrote a long rant here a couple of years back: https://medium.com/@Pier/why-im-finally-breaking-up-with-fla... I think Haxe (the language) is awesome, but the toolkit as a whole has too many moving pieces. I tried to do some stuff with OpenFL back in 2014, and sometimes the problem was in the C++ backend, sometimes in OpenFL, sometimes in Lime... It sounds nice on paper: write in Haxe and the magic will convert it to any target, but when each piece of a build chain that sustains the toolkit is maintained and developed independently (sometimes by a single dev) you really don't have assurances about long term support. I barely use Facebook anymore. Are there any reasons other than user growth to justify the profit jump? The problem with Twitter is that it has an identity crisis. It wants to be as massive as Facebook but the way it works is only attractive to a minority. For example the 140 characters limit which was a novelty at the launch is more of a nuisance than anything. It's very common that users are replying to themselves to be able to say more. The other big problem is noise. For example I recently started following one of the NPM devs and my feed was flooded with LGBT content. This is not Twitter's fault, but the way its users are using Twitter has become part of the culture. Twitter could probably solve those two problems, but at the same time it would destroy what Twitter is about for its current users. The only solution for Twitter is to realise it can't really cater to a mainstream audience and to become profitable it needs to lower its costs. I lived a couple of years near La Condesa. Great food! Best tacos in the area IMO are El Kaliman and El Farolito. There's a poblano called Las Chalupitas that you gotta try for authentic mole and such. In El Parque Mexico there is a small place with no name that makes the best tortas de pierna in all Mexico. https://www.yelp.com.mx/biz/tortas-jard%C3%ADn-m%C3%A9xico-m... I moved outside of El DF but I loved living there as along as I didn't have to leave the zone (La Condesa, La Roma, El Valle, etc). Once you have to move to the South or North it can become a nightmare at peak times. In Spain for example you can't watch House of Cards in Netflix due to licensing to some cable channel (I think it's Canal +). Did Dell fix the coil whine problems? So now anyone will be able to print a real gun with complete anonymity. 3D printing is much more convenient than casting. Also I assume metal printing would make better weapons than plastic ones. No fear mongering, just making an observation. Nope. Only Crosswalk embeds a browser engine in Android and the project has been cancelled. Cordova uses the system WebView. SC wasn't the first audio sharing website and certainly won't be the last. IMO it has become the IMGUR for audio, and users won't pay for uploading images to IMGUR or videos to Youtube. Maybe SC pretends to be a storage/bandwidth reseller, but in that case it's outrageous that it is charging $7 / month for 6 hours of audio which (at the most) are 3.6 GB in uncompressed CD quality audio (44.1Khz/16bit). You could argue about bandwidth costs, infrastructure, etc, but Vimeo is doing great and its smallest plan (cheaper than SC) allows you to upload 5GB per WEEK. Any source on that? Oh, I thought he was doing more interesting and relevant stuff. > this just refers to the current object context Exactly. "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Albert Einstein I see crypto as black magic. Can anyone recommend some introductory resource to demystify it a bit? Why is it so hard? WeTransfer works great for me. Personally I'm not against classes, if someone prefers to use classes instead of prototype it's fine by me. What I don't understand is why the TC39 is pushing for classes and classic OOP instead of other more pressing issues. You can accomplish OOP with prototypes. IMO the lack of type checking is much more problematic. Flow and TypeScript are just adding a new layer of problems to an already convoluted workflow. That's precisely my point. Classes shouldn't be a priority. You can stay away from /r/all or /r/popular. Any sound restoration software would greatly improve these recordings. For example this one from 1902: https://archive.org/details/78_medley-of-emmetts-yodles_yodl... I'm sure Izotope would give the RX license for free in exchange for a blog post (or any other audio software company). One can dream, but as a consumer I just want all streaming content in a single place. I really wouldn't mind paying extra to see HBO, Disney, Amazon, etc, in Netflix. Paying different providers with varying user experiences and figuring out where each content is or if I can install a certain app in my device is a pita. For example I live in Mexico and for some reason there is no HBO Go for Android TV. The app exists for regular Android in LATM, but not for Android TV. Plus they can't handle the volume when a new Game of Thrones episode is out. In Google Play Movies dubbed films and original audio ones are actually different movies in their DB. What's worse, many movies are only available dubbed. I don't know about the US, but in my experience Netflix is the only company doing it right. I'm not the author, but I moved back to good old REST after flirting a bit with GraphQL. GraphQL requires you to know upfront what you want to receive. You can't for example receive data for a menu with submenus with undetermined level of depth. You can hack your way around the problem, but it's ugly. Another problem GraphQL hasn't tackled (afaik) is polymorphism. You can say "hey give me this person" or "give me this company", but what if you want a customer that can be either a person or a company? Well today I learned a couple things. Thanks for the example and ideas. Heh, I asked that question. I implemented the solution in a Firebase wrapper and it works great. Anyway, Google is solving this in JS by implementing persistence. https://github.com/firebase/firebase-js-sdk/issues/17 Remember that GraphQL is only the query language and the realtime server implementation is left to each user. That said, the idea is similar. You subscribe and unsubscribe to data. Some callback is called when data is updated. > npm link is weird right now This has been broken for almost 2 years now. https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/10343 It's unacceptable that the NPM team is moving so fast without looking back considering so many projects depend on it. Yeah, at one point I was doing this many times every day. rm -rf node_modules && rm package-lock.json && npm install Does it make sense to pour money to keep a sinking ship afloat? Just like Twitter, if the service changes too much it might lose its only asset (the community) but if it doesn't change it will sink. > is identical to SoundCloud's I haven't seen any hard numbers, but from my subjective experience and anecdotal data I'd say Soundcloud is closer to Youtube than Vimeo for a number of reasons. Vimeo isn't focused on the social aspect. It's a platform for pros to share their content in hi quality which is the only reason these pros aren't using Youtube in the first place. Soundcloud doesn't pretend to be a service for pros. Otherwise why stream at 128kpbs and offer such meager and ridiculously priced plans? Also no pro tools for distribution or even selling music like Bandcamp does. Soundcloud is focused on the community and social experience much like Youtube or even IMGUR. This is why I believe it hasn't been able to monetize its efforts. Either Soundcloud starts monetizing with ads or it becomes a real platform for pros. > It would have been insanely easy for them in the last decade to implement: one-click .mp3 purchases for individual songs, artist merchandise stores, ticket sales, etc. You name it. Exactly. SC was too focused on the social aspect instead of trying to be a useful tool for music/audio pros. > Honestly I think the service needs to make a graceful exit Couldn't agree more. Amazon Mexico opened a few years back and my experience has been mostly negative precisely because most of the products are sold by third parties. I just avoid amazon.mx and buy at amazon.com. Even when buying at amazon.com I only buy products sold or handled by Amazon. I've also run into problems with scams, shipping, etc, with third parties. > The streaming at 128kbps IMO has always been an anti-piracy measure; given that those previews are inevitably going to be scraped I've never thought about the problem but it should be solvable. If you only stream hi quality to logged users you can track their behaviour. > If they want higher quality they can ask me or hear it when I play out. But that would defeat the purpose of streaming services: convenience. > IIRC, there is a 'allow high-quality streaming for logged in users' checkbox in the upload editor Maybe for pro users. I just uploaded a file and didn't see that option. Even if the execution was flawless why would anyone think this was a good idea in the first place? Once I stopped drinking coffee for a couple of days before an Ayahuasca session. The headaches were terrible. I rarely drink anything other than a doppio in the morning, but I simply can't start my day without it. Just received this on a newsletter... http://imgur.com/jGhKmGy.jpg It's in Spanish, but these are instructions on how to install Flash on a number of browsers. Whenever I see stuff like this I wonder if Mark Zuckerberg is even aware of such things. I work in a small company of less than 50 people and different teams/depts. barely know what each other is working on. True, but it's just a matter of time. I doubt it's going to take that long. Time will tell. SVG is good as long as it's not abused. All the kb saving are meaningless with performance issues caused by lots of nodes, gradients, etc. It's great for responsive icons, but for a full interactive UI with illustrations bitmaps are the better choice IMO unless you really need dynamic scaling. Just because you can do it doesn't mean you should. Cold fusion. It would change everything more profoundly than steam and oil. Unconceivable! At this price, why buy this instead of a Pixel? To be honest I'm quite happy with my crap Moto G5 Plus phone. The screen and camera aren't that great, but hey at this price I won't complain. Inconceivable! (Sorry, not a native English speaker) Ah, I was confused since your quote was in the post I replied to in the first place. But couldn't other languages also compile to this binary AST too? Yes, but it would have access to DOM, GC, etc. How you scale your apps is related to how you architecture your project, not what library you use. We moved away from React to Vue about 8 months ago and everyone on the team is a lot happier. First reason is we hate JSX. It forces you to write loops, conditionals, etc, outside of the markup you are currently writing/reading. It's like writing shitty PHP code without templates. It also forces you to use a lot of boilerplate like bind(), Object.keys(), etc. Another problem with React is that it only really solves one problem. There is no official React router and we hated using the unofficial react-router for a number of reasons. A lot of people end up using MobX too. With Vue there is no need to resort to third parties for your essential blocks. It provides an official router and store called Vuex, which IMO blows Redux out of the water when combined with Vue's reactive data. Vue docs are probably one of the best I've used. They provide technical docs, plus excellent narrative docs (guides) for all their projects (Vue, Router, Vuex, templates, etc). I won't say that Vue is perfect, but we would never go back to React. If you don't like Vue but want to get out of React, check out Marko, the UI library by Ebay. It's better in every way than Vue or React except that the community and ecosystem are almost non existent. http://markojs.com/ Yes, there is a project called react-templates by Wix that does that. We used it, but once you start using libraries like that one or MobX, why even use React at all? It means that you can't loop where you actually need that loop and that makes reading and writing markup harder than it needs to be. https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/lists-and-keys.html Since JSX mixes logic and markup indistinguishably I'd say that's where the poor separation of concerns really is. And you think that's easier to read and write compared to any templating language of the last 15 years? Btw you missed : Personally I don't think Vue's API is that big. Most of the bread and butter stuff are learned in an afternoon. IMO the argument that React's API is really small is a fallacy since React is but a small piece in your project. You get nowhere without a router, local and global state management, transitions, etc. The other factor to consider after the learning curve is productivity. Vue has a pragmatic nature and in my personal experience I can get the job done faster. I think React is idealistic. http://objectivism101.com/Glossary/Idealism_Pragmatism.shtml > What's wrong with looping this way? The problem IMO is that it's harder to read and write than: {{num}} That's Vue's syntax, but any other templating language is more readable to me than JSX. Marko is faster and lighter. Also the syntax of single file components is more minimalistic than Vue, which is a good thing. I'd say there is no interest because the single file components are quite new, and before that the project was focused on being a really fast templating engine. https://github.com/marko-js/templating-benchmarks Check this presentation about Marko, I found it illuminating. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6eZA8Y_GgA Ultimately you can, but your JSX code becomes more difficult to read and write. > you can write cleaner code by separating your logic/UI That's precisely the point of using a templating language: separation of concerns. JSX mixes producing markup with your component logic. > This look more like a rant overall. There is a difference between an opinion and a rant. I really won't debate whether Vue is superior to React, I'm just stating why I prefer it. > Or when you want to loop through myList, but exclude a few particular items Easy, just create a computed property in Vue. I've had a few burnouts in my life. The worst one... I was producing music and sound with a friend for a prime time TV show. We were supposed to start working on the music in February to air the show in October. The project suffered from many production problems. The executive producer was the son of a billionaire who owns one of the biggest TV networks in Latin America and had never done this before. One of the directors was a junkie and a drunk. Money ran out. Actors were not showing up to the stage. It got ugly. Eventually we started working on the music and FX in September, weeks before airing. We were 2 guys in charge of producing episodes of 45 minutes. Music, FX, dialog cutting, etc, at the rate of 2 episodes per week. I slept less than 20 hours per week and drank 5+ red bulls every day. I don't know how I didn't end up in a hospital. Even worse, the mastering engineer destroyed our already bad job. We didn't know about that because we never had time to watch the show on TV and listen to the final audio that was being aired. This went on for about 2 months until someone figured out the show was crap and they started cutting heads. We were fired, and they never payed us about 50% of the work. I thought making music for an important TV show would be the best thing in my life, but it killed my musical soul. Sorry to hear this. The way I've found motivation is to do something small for myself. It doesn't matter if it's not a world changing idea, but it has to be for you and it has to be small so that you can finish it quickly. This is only intended to start working the motivation muscle (the reward system) of your brain. It takes time, but that's how I've done it in the past. You can do this. I use both iOS and Android on a daily basis. In my experience the Play store is consistently faster. I'm not surprised, Google is better at these kind of things. Ebay sounds like a real world project to me. I agree with some of the points stated. For years I've been thinking that a tag based file system would be superior to a folder based one in many aspects. macOS has tags, but the UX/UI for interacting with them is really poor. Not sure how much it's used on ebay.com but from this presentation it seems to imply that it's used extensively on the site and other projects at the company. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6eZA8Y_GgA (their front end stack is presented at about 4:00) BTW it's a great introduction to Marko compared to React and Vue. Here's a great introduction to Marko by its main dev: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6eZA8Y_GgA > use Webpack's aliases You are contradicting yourself there. There is really no difference in clarity between an automatic path resolver and using aliases. > I like Vue's idea of separation computed/methods/data blocks more than mixing all together It's really a matter of taste. > No difference? If you are using aliases you are not using explicit imports. import something from 'something'; Where does 'something' come from? No idea unless you peek at the webpack configuration file. You don't even know if the module is actually called 'something'. > Not really, but a matter of separation of concern and good design. Then I'm guessing you consider all OOP languages badly designed since none of them have properties for 'methods', 'getters' (computed), etc. Yes? Something I love about Vue is having official router and state management modules. You should seriously consider making and maintaining those. I'd rather user try/catch than endless chains of then(). The more I code, the more I appreciate projects and languages that are not based on a democratic committee and have a consistent unique single minded vision. I'd rather stick to a language/framework that aligns with my own preferences, than stick to one that tries to please to a large group of people. I feel this is the major problem with Javascript, Node, etc. Interesting project. Illustrator has a similar feature called shape builder. You can create new objects from intersections and such. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izi0mtItHh4 So what was it? The code of conduct is unrelated to what I'm talking about. I'm criticising design by committee. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_by_committee AFAIK the IPCC ignored most of the feedbacks in their last assessment. https://thinkprogress.org/ipccs-planned-obsolescence-fifth-a... > If ice starts to melt, we are doomed. It's already happening. Natalia Shakhova has been studying this for years. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSsPHytEnJM And here I am desperately looking for an alternative to Node. Isn't it actually 2 threads at the minimum? The V8/JS thread and the C++ thread? Doesn't the C++ part create threads in some cases when needed? Accessing the DOM is not really part of the language specification, but the browser API, no? PHP, Java, .NET, C++, Ruby, Python? No thanks. I'm looking at Go, Rust, Erlang, and Crystal. Go seems like the best choice so far. I find that being a vegetarian for moral reasons is quite delusional. We, humans, are inflicting much more suffering to flora and fauna by the simple fact of participating in the industrial modern lifestyle. Buying food at the supermarket, using the internet, travelling, AC, and pretty much any activity we can think of. The underlying problem is that to sustain 7+ billion people we need industrialisation which requires massive amounts of resources (energy, land, minerals, etc). The modern lifestyle doesn't help either. No offense, but the hard reality is that those things don't have much of an impact in emissions. I was like you a few years ago. Even left the world and moved to an off the grid cabin for a year until I realized I was only trying to feel better about myself. Me installing some solar panels on that cabin: http://imgur.com/5mfDVHv.jpg Everything that we do, like using the internet, is still consuming massive amounts of energy and resources. From manufacturing the computer(s) you are using, to networking. Energy consumption for example is the number one cause of CO2 emissions, not transportation, and certainly not the food industry. https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/global-greenhouse-gas-emiss... Depends on the impact. Are we saving 1%, 10%, or 30%? Because if we are saving 1% we are being delusional. The hard truth is that energy consumption is the biggest factor in global warning. The second one is deforestation. The third one is industry. https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/global-greenhouse-gas-emiss... > But it's been proven that producing meat requires more resources than producing plant based foods It's true, but you can see the global sources of emissions here. https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/global-greenhouse-gas-emiss... As I hope you can see we have bigger problems to worry about. > What do you think seeing animals being killed, sliced open alive etc day in day out does to the human psyche My grandparents killed animals on their farm regularly. Not only they were good moral people, but their way of life was much more sustainable and respectful of the planet than any of us here. By focusing on something that shocks you personally you are missing the whole picture. I agree with you. Not being able to get a version without the TB was one of the reasons for buying a 2015 model instead. > Agriculture and forestry is listed as the second largest sector That second sector includes quite a few things. For example deforestation for non livestock agriculture, city building, etc. None of which are alleviated by vegetarianism. Also note this: > This estimate does not include the CO2 that ecosystems remove from the atmosphere by sequestering carbon in biomass, dead organic matter, and soils, which offset approximately 20% of emissions from this sector. So in practice this 24% is really 19.2%, and less than that is really caused purely by livestock. > Some estimates put 20 kg of grain for a single kg of beef. That is not efficient. Indeed, but chicken or pork produce less emissions than fruits or even dairy products. http://imgur.com/a/Rwm5R > Does that mean we shouldn't try be consious in limiting our consumption and be damage we inflict on others? Sounds good in theory. In practice if you care about suffering, you should realise that agriculture is one of the biggest environmental disasters of the last couple thousands years. Agriculture has destroyed (and destroys) entire ecosystems. And before you argue about organic agriculture: that would not feed 7 billion people. Maybe aquaponics / hydroponics could save the world, but it remains to be seen. If you do really care about emissions and your impact on the planet you could do a number of things like not having kids and getting out of the industrial lifestyle. Many have done it (I tried and failed). Otherwise there is really no moral high ground in vegetarianism. Read the small letters please. > Greenhouse gas emissions from this sector come mostly from agriculture (cultivation of crops and livestock) and deforestation. This estimate does not include the CO2 that ecosystems remove from the atmosphere by sequestering carbon in biomass, dead organic matter, and soils, which offset approximately 20% of emissions from this sector. Not only the number includes crop agriculture, but also deforestation is caused by quite a large number of factors. BTW the problem is not really meat production (as far as emissions go) but beef production. http://imgur.com/a/Rwm5R > But why can't we act on multiple fronts? Yes, as long as we don't forget where the big problem really lies and we also act there. I've met quite a number of vegetarians that believe that not eating meat is the solution to all problems. Of course they fly to Thailand for their yoga retreat, buy food at supermarkets, buy products that have been transported all over the world, and a very long etcetera. It's easy to ride on the moral high ground of vegetarianism blindly ignoring every other facet of our modern lifestyle. From a seemingly benign Google search, to watching a movie at the theatre. I don't like to touch this subject but another big and controversial issue is having kids. Every kid we put on this planet will produce a number of tons of CO2. About 7 on average, about 20 for a US kid. http://www.wri.org/sites/default/files/uploads/per_capita_em... So can we act on multiple fronts? Can we remove a glass of water from a sinking ship at the same that we pour buckets of water in it? You tell me. I went freelancing to Mexico for a couple months and ended up staying 8 years (so far) and getting married. I kept doing web dev for a few clients back at home, and started doing a lot of interactive stuff for museums which was super fun (Flash, Arduino, Cinder, OpenFrameworks, Unity3D, etc) although not very well payed. Now I'm back at web and mobile dev at an education company but I always get the itch of moving somewhere else. Like https://www.imgix.com/ ? Once you move to making mobile or desktop front end you appreciate how easy front end web dev really is. Contrary to popular opinion I think the DOM, HTML, and CSS, are an awesome way of defining and styling a scene graph. When I did some C++ front end I missed them every day. It's gibberish to me too, but surely it's something that can be learned. So how does Facebook really know if something is fake? You can't trust user reports. They will say a story is fake when they don't like it. You can't trust some worker in Bangladesh to determine this either just as easily as you can determine if something is NSFW. You still can't trust AI. So how? It hires specialists in each field to determine what is real and what is not? > The resulting plot–and it is a plot–contains no conflict. It may be a plot, but is it a good plot? Does it makes you want to know more about the story? I've been working at home for about 8 years now. It can be very difficult and it's not for everyone since you ned a lot of mental discipline. Sometimes you need to overcome procrastination but in my case it's much more common to prevent working 12-15 hours per day and neglect every other aspect of my life. There are days I wish I could just go to an office and leave at 6pm and say "fuck it". Remorse and guilt are very common feelings in remote workers. https://www.hanselman.com/blog/BeingARemoteWorkerSucksLongLi... Apple and now Google are making it easier to produce AR apps, but the tech has been there for years. I made my first AR demo some 8 years ago for a big event I was working with (on a laptop). IMO AR in smartphones and tablets is a fad that in 2 years nobody will care about. Remember all those gyroscope/accelerometer based games? Yeah me neither. Maybe AR will be awesome when someone (Apple? Microsoft?) releases a pair of lightweight glasses that can produce stereoscopic images superimposed seamlessly over reality, but we are still very, very far away from that. > So if one needs to evolve AR hardware from phones to glasses, then putting it on the phones is a prudent next step, isn't it? Time will tell, but if we are let's say 10 years away from good AR glasses what difference does it make if smartphones of today can display AR content? Obviously Apple (and now Google) are fighting in the marketing space, not technical one. In truth the problem is really hardware not software. As long as you still have cash floating around The problem we face at my company is that it's very difficult to get people to use these kind of tools. My team is remote so we use slack and other apps all the time, but getting customer service or other depts to use a simple chat is difficult. Implementing something like Asana or Basecamp is impossible. How did you implement those tools in your company? https://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/06/28/success/ > If you can't sell the tooling on its own merits to people in your company, you have no business mandating its use. That assumes that a) such dept has the capacity to understand the advantage of using such tool and b) other depts have time to go and try to sell them that. Users always resist change. No, they use it the first day, and then progressively less. Since this has happened a few times with different tools management has abandoned hope. I think the worst part about JS is not really performance but the language itself. I wish I could just write that I'm expecting to receive a User object in a function without having to resort to TypeScript. It would make code so much more readable. > JavaScript is fractally bad This made my morning. :) I will quote you on this. I don't think amasad was referring to npm but the module system. > Lower barrier to entry than other platforms I think this is the main reason Node caught up. SSR and code sharing are only useful in full stack projects, not in APIs. I don't know the numbers, but my conjecture is that there are more RESTful APIs written in Node than any other type of server project. TJ moved to Go too, and he doesn't work at Google. I agree with your point, Linux is really broad. OTOH for a lot of users even Windows is "horrendously difficult to use". Indeed. PDF.js works for simple PDFs but once you start adding complex layouts, big images, vector graphics, etc, the experience becomes horrible on mediocre hardware. At least the last time I evaluated it. Hopefully Web Assembly will change this. I find it surprising that Dropbox has access to its users files. I thought cloud storage companies kept everything encrypted, or at least access. My company uses Dropbox extensively for storing documents with sensitive information.