What you're saying is good advice for getting better, but I think the advice is for getting happier. Modern email clients use threading and quote-hiding to make everything look like bottom-posting. People who want to see context for your reply can just look up and see previous messages. I agree that you want discussion posts in chronological order, oldest to newest reading down, whether this is on a blog or email, but technology has changed so that this is no longer the responsibility of the poster. It would be spotted right away by anyone remotely competent who glanced over it. I'm not so sure. I'm a professional programmer mostly working in C++, and I didn't see the problem on first read-through. It took looking carefully before I saw it, and if I hadn't already known that these two lines contained a vulnerability I might not have noticed. I could see this being missed in a code review. Its kind of like how the Anglicans would resent being declared Children of Catholicism. Sure, without revolting against the Church there would not Anglicanism, but that doesn't mean that an Anglican would like to be told, "you came from Catholicism." This doesn't touch your main point, but I don't think most Anglicans have trouble with the idea that it comes from Catholicism. That would be a huge scandal. When fraudulently issued certs are discovered that's news, and if you did get one issued you wouldn't use it to redirect random BT customers to http. Before I wrote this, back in 2009 [1], I looked for existing tools that would do this already. I found colordiff and cdiff, but neither of them would highlight the parts of lines that had changed. Not finding anything that did what I wanted, I wrote something. [1] http://www.jefftk.com/p/introducing-icdiff See: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/snake-oil-salesmen... They reference Kunin 1989 [1], Shirai 2002 [2], and Shirai 2007 [3]. Chinese snake oil is a reasonable source of omega-3s. [1] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1026931/pdf/west... [2] http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0271-5317(02)00426-8 [3] http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1444-2906.2003.... Maybe I'm misreading you, but it sounds like you're saying "my coworkers made something with a really great UI and people loved it!" My wife and I are also trying to do this, and I suspect a big part of why we've been able to stick to it is the growing effective altruism community. We commit to donating 50%, post our income and donations publicly [1], and we know people would hold us accountable if we started backsliding. Still, 20 years is much longer than I have experience for, so I definitely respect people like you who have been working at this much longer! [1] http://www.jefftk.com/donations I became acclimated to that "bill" much as one does their car payment or home payment. It is in the range of a small car payment per month now and I only chide myself for not boosting it more. The idea is to make it a routine expense so that you don't consider it a burden. The danger is forgetting to raise it or give to other good charities thinking you have done your part. That's a great approach! It is not hard to find a charity to give money to. Charities vary dramatically in how much good they can do with your money, so I'm not sure why you would say it isn't hard. With the charities you support, how much do you know about what your money does? Did you compare them with competing organizations? Getting into this much detail about charities is more than a full time job! At this point I mostly go by GiveWell's recommendations, but identifying really great charities isn't something I'd say is "easy". (I'm not saying this to discourage you, what you're doing is really good!) I know you're joking, but buying better roofs is actually the most common thing for recipients to do with the money. Metal roofs require so much less upkeep that they're a very good investment, saving a lot of time in avoided maintenance over many years. > they get to make medical decisions for you At least in MA you can fill out healthcare proxy forms [1] to shift this back to your parents. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_proxy since some sort of legal status is required for many purposes in most countries The idea here is that you get rid of those "many purposes" and treat a married couple like any other people who have decided to spend their lives together. For example, in a user session with 5 page views that load 40 resources per page, how many users will not experience worse than 95%’ile of HTTP requests? The chances of not seeing it is ~.003%. This is assuming complete independence, which is very wrong. We're talking about hail. Insurance companies cover hail damage all the time. (Actually, hail claims have been going up: http://www.claimsjournal.com/news/national/2014/05/02/248354... ) The spin of the article is that smaller companies are more deserving, but I don't see why we should expect that in general. If Apple or FB bring in a thousand people on H1Bs, is that a problem? You can do better than that by taking advantage of character shapes, though. Minimal example: () and: )( have the same brightness values, but we see them pretty differently. Ideally you would use edge detection, maybe some object detection, and then be willing to compromise a little on brightness in order to make important edges nice. I don't know if there's software out there that does this, though. Specifically, I get p=0.15 for those numbers. And that's assuming that they're based on running the test for a fixed amount of time instead of stopping once they look good. So: probably better, but should have run it longer. Just don't try to use two digit format for years: ~ $ cal 5 16 May 16 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ~ $ cal 5 2016 May 2016 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 this is not investment advice It certainly looks like investment advice! guarantee worst-case linear time matching for any number of expressions Or you could just use RE2: https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/WhyRE2 It's open source, and match time is linear in the length of the input string. (Disclosure: I work at Google on a different open source project) The entire Real-Estate industry is ripe for disruption. Exactly why are we paying 6% to "agents"? https://www.redfin.com/ is already doing this. They charge half the normal fee if you're selling and they give about half of their fee to you after purchase if you're buying. (We bought our house with them.) Actually, thinking more, we designed PSS to run in a sandbox specifically because we were parsing untrusted input. But leaking content from one site into responses from other sites would still be possible, because I think we didn't reinitialize the sandbox on every request (way expensive) and each server process handled many sites. Fix that, and then there's still the risk of leaking things between sites via the cache. It's definitely possible to fix this (new sandbox per request, cache is fragmented by something outside of sandbox control) but I'm not sure the service would make sense economically. single tax receipt (donating to one org instead of 3-4) GiveWell offers this as well: https://secure.givewell.org/ You can donate to GiveWell for distribution to their to charities, and you can either choose the breakdown or ask them to allocate it as they think best. Slimfast has 4x as much sugar as Soylent (per-calorie). To get 2000 calories from Slimfast you'd be getting 180g sugar, while with Soylent it would be 45g. Now 45g is a little higher than recommended, but 180g is way too high. http://d8m5oga7foiu.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/1... http://files.soylent.com/pdf/soylent-drink-nutrition-facts-e... You can get a web version by editing urls: https://www.whatruns.com/website/google.com Facial recognition is getting better; cameras may well be enough to do this soon. "Between January and June 2017, Flatiron claimed that 98.5% of its students received employment less than 180 days after graduation and that Flatiron graduates had an average salary of $74,447. However, Flatiron did not disclose clearly and conspicuously that the 98.5% employment rate included not only full time salaried employees but also apprentices, contract employees and self-employed freelance workers, some who were employed for less than twelve weeks. Similarly, Flatiron failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose that its $74,447 average salary claim included full time employed graduates only, which represent only 58% of classroom graduates and 39% of online graduates." Good to crack down on this. "In order to obtain a SED license, a non-degree granting career school must meet a number of criteria, including using an approved curriculum and employing a licensed director and teachers." This is worrying. Part of why these bootcamps have been a valuable addition is that they've been able to use their own curricula and train their own teachers. This is a weird article. It strongly implies that donor advised funds (DAFs) are storing money indefinitely and not distributing it, but the average disbursement for DAFs is about 15% per year. In general, people committing the money to charity now even if they haven't decided what they want to fund is something I strongly support, because it means they can't later change their minds and keep the money. The article also seems to evaluate DAFs primarily on how much they spend in the Bay Area: And even when it did give out money, the Silicon Valley Community Foundation often spent it outside of California. Last year, it gave out $436 million in grants to the nine-county Bay Area, which was just 34 percent of the $1.3 billion in grants it dispersed. The Bay Area is one of the richest regions of one of the richest states of one of the richest countries. There are definitely people in the Bay Area who need help, but overall I think it's really good that donors are becoming more interested in figuring out where their money can do the most good as opposed to only donating to organizations targeting the region they happen to live in. The AMT excludes many deductions, but it doesn't exclude the charitable deduction. > Based on past experience, it is estimated that between 1 and 2 people out of every 1 million people vaccinated may die as a result of life-threatening reactions to the vaccine. -- http://www.who.int/vaccine_safety/committee/topics/smallpox/... > The only real way to get off grid power without batteries is to go with an inverter that has an emergency outlet. Some of the SMA inverters support this (they call it Secure Power Supply) - you feed the whole rooftop array into them, and they can, if the sun is shining, provide 1.5kW or so to a dedicated outlet - assuming there's enough solar power. So, from an 8-10kW array, on a sunny day, you can get 1.5kW by operating well below the peak power point. If the array can't keep up with current demand (a cloud goes over), the outlet shuts down. It's better than nothing, but this is just about the only way you can get battery-free off grid power. To get any sort of stable battery-free power, you have to run the panels well, well below peak power (30-50% of peak is as high as you can really run), and even then, you have a horrifically unstable system. If the array power briefly drops below demand (perhaps an airplane has flown over), you shut down the entire output for a while. Hopefully your devices can handle intermittent power like this. If the array can source 1300W at the moment and a compressor tries to draw 1301W while starting, you collapse the array voltage and shut down the outlet. That's really hard on compressors (and everything else attached to the outlet). It's not ideal, but this is so much better than what most installs are built with (nothing). FDIC protects cash at (fractional reserve) banks. SIPC protects securities at (non-fractional reserve) brokerages. A very rich person isn't going to have enormous quantities in cash; most of it will be invested. But the risk of a brokerage losing your stock is way lower than a bank losing your cash deposits, and even that is very low. If they wanted to buy insurance against it that wouldn't be very expensive. > 6/8 is skiddledeediddledee - often used in folk and/or ethnic music. It's a much lighter, more skittery feel. There are two common forms of 6/8 (jigs) at least in the kinds of traditional music I'm used to: single jigs and double jigs. A double jig is "skiddledeediddledee" as you said, like the song "99 bottles of beer on the wall", while a single jig is more like "humpty dumpty". Other companies effectively outsource the first stage of their hiring to Triplebyte. These companies have much more agreement on the "hard" skills than the "soft" skills, and also have an easier time trusting Triplebyte to evaluate the former. A candidate who passes a general technical interview could be a potential culture fit for many companies. The fb discussion threads those posts initiated are gone, though. If this happened to me I'd be extremely upset: I've had many very good discussions on Facebook that it would hurt to lose. https://www.givewell.org/ > The hiding of URLs fits perfectly with AMPs preferred method of making sites fast, which is to host them directly on Google’s servers, and to serve them from a Google domain. Hiding the URL from the user then makes a Google AMP site indistinguishable from an ordinary site. Hiding URLs isn't necessary for sites hosted on the AMP cache to look just like other sites; Web Packaging will allow this while preserving the URL: https://www.ampproject.org/latest/blog/a-first-look-at-using... (Disclaimer: I work at Google) I was trying to explain why I don't think the people working on how URLs are being displayed in Chrome are doing it for the benefit of AMP. Did she buy something there with a credit card? That data is commonly resold. It it really that bad, with automated certificate issuing via Let's Encrypt? They have a summary chart: https://apps.npr.org/dailygraphics/graphics/free-college-com... It seems overly strict. For example, Maryland, Indiana, and Washington cover living costs and fees in addition to tuition for 4-year colleges, but they count it as not being "free college" because you can't use it to enroll half-time or as an adult. The author is mostly be optimizing for volume, and in a fully acoustic context I see why that's a goal. But there's an enormous amount of vioin performance that is either recorded or amplified, in which case volume doesn't matter much. I'd love to see someone optimize for tone quality and responsiveness at the expense of volume. > And a beautifully resonant, lush instrument that can't rise above the 2nd and 3rd chair instruments will be resigned to solo work, only. There are a lot of recording and amplified gigs, though, where relative volume doesn't matter much. For example, I play for dances with fiddlers, and the fiddle is always amplified. A more responsive fiddle, one that let you keep excellent tone while playing faster, or one with just better tone all around would would easily be worth accepting lower unamplified volume from. San Francisco is famous for its microclimates, where it can be sunny in one area but cold and foggy a short walk away. There are lots of agents where you can withdraw your money, plus many merchants will take MPESA directly. Dividing by the number of years is wrong in the other direction: most games will sell far more copies in year 1 than year 10. Restricting each to first-year sales would be a much more realistic adjustment. Telling them to call the customer service number on their credit card seems pretty good? This is also pretty practical in Boston. I'm at ~$350k (half salary, half stock, with a bit of bonus) as a T5 at Google Cambridge. I don't manage anyone, am not political, and have been programming professionally for ten years (at Google for five). Cost of living isn't ideal, but $350k is far more than me and my family (wife and two kids) need to live on. I've been donating 50% for several years, and we still are fine. (Cost of living details: https://www.jefftk.com/p/spending-update-2018 The big things are ~$50k on taxes, ~$33k on housing, and ~$20k on childcare.) For what it's worth, I see many posts at https://plus.google.com/+MichelPollet (Disclosure: I work at Google, on other things) > most payment networks charge the merchant, and through the elaborate tendrils of corporate ownership kick a proportionally smaller amount back to the customer. You can get cards with 2% cash back, and a typical merchant fee is 2.35%. The fee can be 15% to the credit card company and 85% to you. It effectively costs more, since you pay the same but don't get cash back. If I buy something for $100 cash it would have cost me $98 (after cash back) via credit card. I have 2% cash back on a regular MasterCard card: https://www.citi.com/credit-cards/credit-card-details/citi.a... Here's what I was remembering when I said 2.35% (though it's really 2.25% in their table) fees: https://www.againstmalaria.com/TransactionFees.aspx It's possible the fees vary by sector, though: https://www.mastercard.us/content/dam/mccom/en-us/documents/... > is the income distribution for SWEs becoming increasingly bimodal? Dan Luu has written some about this: https://danluu.com/bimodal-compensation/ The Axis-49 [1]. Ninety eight velocity sensitive keys in a hexagonal layout, ready to be remapped to Wicki-Hayden. I discovered them after they were discontinued and when a used one popped up after several years I bought it, but I'm really disappointed these didn't catch on. [1] https://www.c-thru-music.com/cgi/?page=prod_axis-49 > Have you become proficient with them? After about three weeks of playing around with mine I was better at playing melodies on it than I am at piano, and I've been playing piano for decades. https://youtu.be/3Qyg914392Q https://www.jefftk.com/jeff-band/marcell.mp3 >the quality of the hardware is really pretty poor (buttons get stuck as you press them) I haven't had that problem; hopeful that I don't! > the hexagonal layout does not really seem that easy to learn / operate Are you talking about the Harmonic Table layout that it ships with? I don't like that layout at all. I converted mine to Wicki-Hayden: https://www.jefftk.com/p/rearranging-axis-49-keys My understanding is that Google tries to pay towards the top of their local market, to get the best talent without diminishing returns. This means a lot of money in the Bay Area, but much less in, say, London, because the market for software engineers is so much weaker there. (I work at Google, in Boston, but don't know details about how comp is figured) Google pay is based on the market, not cost of living. So London is not nearly as good a place to be as the Bay, or even Pittsburgh (cheap housing, high programmer wages). I like how this works out with Boston pretty well! There are pressure relief valves, but they (a) can't handle that much overpressure and (b) many of them are located inside the houses (at the gas meter, which on many houses around here is still indoors). There is, in fact, a lot of internal outrage. I wouldn't call this cherry picking. (Source: I work there) Only if your sample is random, and my sample is mostly the Google Cambridge office. Here's my pay history: https://www.jefftk.com/money I can't tell whether you're getting serious, but I'm pretty sure most users would not prefer your change. It's so dense it's hard to read, and in a repetitive way. XOR masking is ridiculously cheap compared to doing anything over the network or running js in general. I think "why is everything slow" is actually a really important question, but I'm not sure it's primarily lots of "this is cheap compared to X" decisions. A big driver here I think is layers of abstractions and inner platforms. I check my email in by browser now, I used to use mutt. Webmail on top of JS on top of browser on top of OS (with several of those systems having their own layers and places that add latency) is great from a perspective of checking email from anywhere but it's a lot slower than C on the OS directly. I recently got into doing a lot of live music for dances on my mac, and I've ended up writing everything directly against CoreMIDI in C. Sure, it's would be more convenient to write in Python, but latency in music is even more painful than elsewhere. For me the camera is the main thing: smartphone cameras have been getting really good. Examples of my phones: 2017, Pixel 1: https://www.jefftk.com/pictures/2017/20171228_091058.jpg 2017, Galaxy S6: https://www.jefftk.com/pictures/2017/20170312_123314_030.jpg 2014, Moto X: https://www.jefftk.com/pictures/2014/stevie-lily-ball.jpg 2011, Galaxy SII: https://www.jefftk.com/images/2011/all/IMG_20120115_202514.j... Loft it: https://www.jefftk.com/p/lofted-grand-piano It kind of sounds like you're from Uber, but you're not giving an @uber.com address? David Roodman wrote an excellent 4-part analysis of risks from geomagnetic storms for the givewell blog: https://blog.givewell.org/tag/geomagnetic-storms/ > barely better than guessing randomly In the stock market something that is consistently better than guessing randomly is very valuable! You don't need much of an edge to make a lot of money. (I'm very skeptical about approaches like the OP though) > when you need fully up-to-date information on every query, no matter what This doesn't require something relational, just something centralized. And not even that; consider Spanner. > google sells your medical search history to your insurance company. Wait, what!? Where is this coming from? (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, and while I can't speak for the company this is very much not something I think we do.) I think you're much too optimistic about capitalone. They probably had a single point of failure, possibly one they didn't realize they had. $37k to the owner on $1M in revenue would be a profit margin of 3.7%. This looks higher than the average profit of ~2%. The $1M sales figure doesn't include the cost of what they're selling, their rent, or wages for their workers. [1] https://retailowner.com/Benchmarks/Food-and-Beverage-Stores/... While I don't know anything about fonts stuff, successful execution of the ad tag leads to an ad request, and this happens on every page view which has the script and not just the ones where the file has fallen out of cache. So there's no additional useful information Google would get from a low cache lifetime for the script. The script request is to a cookiless domain for performance, unlike the ad request, so there's not even much useful information on that request. (Disclosure: I work at Google, on ads JS, and I previously worked on mod_pagespeed. Not speaking for Google, just myself.) There are two main reasons why short caching is helpful on tag scripts: * Faster iteration time for developers: the more often you release updates the faster you can move. If your script has a one week cache lifetime then there's not much point in daily releases and any experiments you run will be really skewed. * Quicker response to problems: if we push out a bad update that gets past our testing, the TTL we serve it with determines how long that will stick around in browser caches. (Disclosure: I work at Google, on ads JS, and I previously worked on mod_pagespeed. Not speaking for Google, just myself.) > Fire has no boundaries and no preference for where it burns That's a weird thing to say: there are definitely places that are more fire prone than others. We should ban these kinds of deals at the national level. They're rational for companies, and rational for regions, but overall they allow extremely large companies to avoid paying their share of taxes. I would expect them to have problems over time with the wood-metal joints, since they respond to heat/humidity changes differently. This is often a problem with musical instruments. It looks like the "Oath" brand is going away, and they're going to use "Verizon Media Group": https://www.theverge.com/2018/11/5/18064172/verizon-oath-med... > What does the activity type "tilting" mean? "The device angle relative to gravity changed significantly." -- https://developers.google.com/android/reference/com/google/a... > One, gzip affects download speed, but not JS evaluation and compilation They measured scripting time directly, which is a much better measurement than uncompressed bytes. > Two, it makes the libraries seem much smaller than they actually are Would you prefer they gave unminified sizes as well? The gzipped size of a library lets us predict how long it will take to download, and how much that will cost for users. > I don't know how houses can be cheaper. Houses can be cheaper if we allow building more of them. Right now supply is heavily constrained by zoning and density limits. We should auction these spots off, so the companies which get the most economic value from bringing people in can do so. I like implementing this by ordering applications by salary, but you could also have some part go to the government. What design choices mean third party Android browsers can do JIT but third party iPhone ones can't? It's good news environmentally. The more expensive gas is the less we burn. Building a browser that supported only AMP would be one way to do this and have a significant number of pages you could handle. (Disclosure: I work for Google on AMP ads. I also know how much people here dislike AMP, so this is not entirely serious.) It could be done entirely without external requests: the browser would be an amp interpreter, no need for the amp js as all. The hardest part is that amp probably isn't restrictive enough: you can still use a very large subset of HTML and CSS. > It’s worth noting that if you shoot a cannonball dead horizontally, it hits the ground at the same time as it would if dropped from the same height I think this is assuming the ground is flat, which isn't a good assumption when talking about orbits. > Probably enough HTML for tracking though right? I'm not sure what you mean? For what it's worth, I run a/b tests in my work where I consistently see large caching effects. For example, when we compare an experimental version of something to the currently deployed version it's critical that we cache-bust the control group. And changes that improve caching generally make things significantly better. Caching effects are much smaller on Safari with its per-domain cache, but even there if something broke caching for us it would be a high priority to fix. (I work at Google on ad tags) > something they could do as a reward for all pages that have a reduced page weight This would leak information to sites that came up in your search results but you didn't visit. Webpackages should make it be possible to safely prerender sites without AMP though: https://wicg.github.io/webpackage/draft-yasskin-webpackage-u... (Disclosure: I work at Google, on making ads AMP so they don't get to run arbitrary JS anymore) I think that's what they're trying to get at with "preference", but I agree that word's connotations are a bit too weak. You could define a macro NOTNULL for this, to make it clearer to readers. void foo(char bar[static 1]) vs void foo(NOTNULL(char* bar)) Though I'm not sure whether this can be expressed as a macro, since you need to remove the "*"? For what it's worth, lisper has been on HN for 10+ years, has 30k+ karma, and is clearly not a shill. (Disclosure: I have a friend at Triplebyte) Around here (Boston) roofs tend to have a lot of obstructions: dormers, skylights, chimneys, vent pipes. They're also typically very steep (1:1) so North-facing isn't an option. Then you lose some space due to shading from trees and other houses. When we got solar there was only room for panels covering 1/4 of our electricity usage. > Covering a skylight with solar is a net energy win, as would taking down the tree(s). Solar isn't the only thing people are optimizing for -- skylights and trees are pleasant. The trees also aren't on our property, and even if you removed all the parts over our property our east-facing roof area would still be completely shaded. > Trees are also going to block the front of your building even more than the southern facing roof. It depends on the situation. Our roof is East-West with a big Gable dormer halfway along the West side. The East side is fully shaded by a tree, as is the back of the West side, but the front of the West side and the South facing side of the dormer get good sun (and now have solar). Our house faces the street, and there aren't trees in front of our house, so front-facing solar would work well if that was a thing people did. > Getting shade from other buildings on your roof is also unusual for 2 story buildings. I agree it's unusual in general, but houses here are close enough together that some roof shading is the most common situation. Specifically: * Size A: inside diameter ~21.0mm (mainly American cars) * Size B: inside diameter ~21.5mm (mainly European cars) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cigarette_lighter_receptacle Maybe the compass gives you noisy absolute information which is ok, but combined with accurate relative information from the gyroscope and accelerometer is better? per kid (in MA, at least) If scripts are disabled AMP uses to skip the 8s timeout, and renders quickly. The OP is getting slow loads because they're (a) silently blocking the AMP JS and (b) not running the section. (Disclosure: I work on AMP ads on non-AMP pages, which I like because it means the ads are declarative) If you turn off all scripts AMP has a block that disables the 8s timeout. The OP is blocking only external scripts, which not surprisingly looks a lot like a very bad network connection. (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads be AMP) > Why 8s though? That’s well into “give up on loading this page, close the tab and try somewhere else” territory. That 8s timeout is for loading the AMP JS from the CDN. You want a time limit that separates "you're on a slow connection, keep waiting" and "just give up, it's not worth it". I suspect it was set by looking at network graphs, but I don't know. What the OP is doing, blocking JS and also ignoring , is bizarre, and something you should expect to break sites. > Perhaps a better option is finding ways to prevent content jumping around so much while assets are loading. AMP does that very well, but only by taking control of the process of rendering, which requires JS. (Disclosure: I work on making ads be AMP.) If black-tea had a good connection at a time when the rest of us were on dial-up, and all the sites were coded expecting dial-up, they may well have seen excellent load times! (But yeah, I remember the internet being super slow. JPEGs coming down scanline-by-scanline.) Have you tried to do this? At any substantial volume? If you serve ads completely statically you're going to have massive fraud issues. Distinguishing real views or clicks from fake ones is an arms race, and it's one you have no hope of winning without JS. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, but I don't know much about how our spam detection works and I couldn't talk about it if I did.) > There's no need for a weird problematic proprietary format. The reason we need AMP now is that you can't otherwise preload a page in a privacy-preserving way. Webpackaging will allow doing this without AMP though: https://github.com/WICG/webpackage/blob/master/explainer.md (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads be AMP.) Google is one of the main groups working on it. For example, the draft https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-yasskin-dispatch-web-packa... is by a Google employee. The Gwern post is better: it starts by linking, quoting, and summarizing the Spolsky post, but then goes on to give many more examples. Around here (Boston) there are many roads with both a name and a number. Route 16 is the Mystic Valley Parkway, and then later on that splits off and 16 is the Alewife Brook Parkway. Or, Route 60 is also High Street, at least by us. For these two think we use the number a bit more, but the name is also used. Other roads, like Route 2 are called that in some sections but not others (no one would call Memorial Drive "Route 2"). Even the interstates have names that no one would use: Route 128 is the "Yankee Division Highway", but everyone says 128 (or maybe 95). And some interstates have names people do use: the Mass Pike (Massachusetts Turnpike) can be called "90" but generally isn't. Overall, this is complicated and it's not surprising to me that it's hard to get a computer to do the right thing. > all the major Motorways are like this, there is no "name" for the M25, it's just the M25 You're right for practical purposes, but they do often technically have names. The M25 is the "London Orbital Motorway": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M25_motorway Later on in the article they describe a revised solution that doesn't do that: > Poettering came up with a scheme that alleviated most of the problems that were identified. He proposed that a "countme" flag simply be added to a single mirror-list query each week. The sum of all such queries over a week's time should provide an accurate estimate of the number of Fedora systems. That way, UUIDs need not be stored, which removes much of the concern—data that is not stored cannot be misused. It's fast, but for a simple site like this I suspect plain HTML + cacheable CSS would be just as fast. My experience buying off-brand Cheerios is that the texture is very different: much crunchier. They're one of the few products where I don't just buy the cheap store brand version. The 1/4" audio jack goes back to about 1878: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phone_connector_(audio) Making donations through services that waive processing fees for the merchant is another good way to do this. For example, PayPal's Giving Fund or Facebook Payments. (But only for donations you're making anyway, and only when fees really are waived.) Have you tried to get a group to consensus in an area where there isn't any lobbying or manipulation? People have lots of different ideas about how to do things, informed by different life experiences. Political disagreement predates lobbying and campaigns by millennia. The US, especially liberal arts colleges, is pretty wary of premature specialization. A common thing here is that you apply to a university, take classes in a range of departments, and then by the end of sophomore year (two of four) you decide on a major. I went to Swarthmore (referenced in the article) before CS enrollment surged (www.swarthmore.edu/computer-science/alumni) and there were some people in my CS classes who decided to start on a CS major their junior (year 3 of 4) fall. How many computer science classes are needed for your degree? I believe when I was in college it was 9 classes (each one being one semester, about half a year). I took more than that, because I liked it, but many CS students just took the minimum. (This doesn't count requirements outside the CS department, like math, or other graduation requirements like "some total number of classes, at least three humanities classes, at least three social science classes" etc.) > my goal is that even this should not need to exist: websites that genuinely load fast on their own, comparable to downloading the webpackage, should be ranked as high as AMP websites. My understanding is this is also Malte's goal, and the goal of the Google Search folks. We need a way that Search can know that a website (a) will perform well and (b) can be preloaded in a privacy preserving manner. Right now only AMP can do this, but with Web Packages people will be able to do this without AMP. Once you can get (a) and (b) without AMP I will be super surprised if Search still prioritizes AMP. (Disclosure: I work at Google, on making ads AMP so they don't get to run any custom JS. Speaking only for myself, not the company.) Why don't we auction off H1B slots, either directly (government gets the money) or via the companies offering the highest comp getting to bring people in? You could also do some combination of the two. > I don’t want web packages, nor AMP, how do I get the ranking bonus and lightning bolt icon with my website (which has Google Pagespeed of 100 and Chrome Lighthouse Pagespeed of over 95)? First, those metrics say how well optimized your site is, not how long it takes to load. For example, a tiny site that's text and a single poorly compressed image might load in 500ms but get a low score, while a large site that loads in 5s can still get a perfect score if everything is delivered in a completely optimized way. These are metrics designed for a person who is in a position to optimize a site, but not necessarily in a position to change the way the site looks. When speed is used as a ranking signal [1][2] Google isn't using metrics about optimization level, it's using actual speed. But ok, metrics etc aside, Google could switch to using loading speed instead of AMP to determine whether a page is eligible for the carousel at the top, and whether to show the bolt icon. But AMP means a page can be preloaded without letting publishers know that they appeared in your results page. You can't just turn on preloading without solving this somehow. AMP is kind of a hacky way to do this, and I'm really looking forward to WebPackages allowing preloading for any site in a clean standard way. > With web packages or AMP, if I navigate from Google Search to Page A, and then from Page A to Page B, Google can see that I went to page B. No, web packages don't allow this, what makes you think they do? (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads AMP so they don't get to run custom JS. Previously I worked on mod_pagespeed which automatically optimizes pages to load faster and use less bandwidth. Speaking for myself and not the company.) [1] https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2010/04/using-site-speed-i... [2] https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2018/01/using-page-speed-i... > What I know I care a lot about is when a tab I haven't looked at in three days is suddenly using CPU time _at all_. Just make it so background tabs get severely limited in their ability to do background execution and eventually get stopped entirely, and the problem is essentially solved. Chrome does throttle background tabs: https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/03/background... It doesn't throttle them all the way to zero, though. If they did that they'd break things like sites that change their favicon to signal "unread message". (Disclosure: I work at Google, though not on Chrome) > My feeling is that every vehicle other than delivery trucks should be banned from the city. There is no compelling reason for anyone to drive in Manhattan. I recently played for a contra dance in Manhattan. My band members and I drove in a small car, with a sound system, keyboard, and other instruments. I would have been happy to pay some sort of toll/charge/fee/tax but any other way of getting our equipment to and from the gig would be far more expensive and a lot of a hassle. (My family doesn't have a car, and I commute to work on the subway) Sort of, but it's not registered as "commercial", driven by a professional, or anything else people would normally think of as a "delivery" vehicle. Like, if you call any vehicle that moves things from place to place a delivery vehicle then everyone who drives to the grocery store to buy milk is operating a delivery vehicle. The browser doesn't know the image is a GIF (content-type header) until after it starts getting bytes back. At that point the only way (pre HTTP/2) to stop the bytes is to close the connection, but this is terrible for performance because you lose keepalive and need to open a new connection. If this was common, sites could also serve GIFs with an the content-type of a different image. Since browsers content-sniff between image formats, if the GIF was served as image/png then it wouldn't be until the image finished downloading that the browser would learn it was a GIF. That will match images whose name ends in "gif", but won't match "/foo.GIF" or simply a "/foo" that is a GIF. You can't tell what content type the server thinks the image is until you get the content-type header, and you can't tell what it actually is until it's been downloaded. To extend the analogy, I would like to have the option to go to a restaurant (site) order a salad (visit a page) and have that come the way the chef (developer) intended, with cheese (autoplay video). If I don't like this developer or restaurant's judgement I can eat somewhere else. (Or, in the web case, install an extension that blocks autoplay video.) This sounds like excellent practice compared to something where much more of your time is in level flight. Safari shards their cache by first party domain, so you don't get that caching benefit there. It's a privacy thing. I expect we'll see Firefox and Chrome sharding cache as well. If you want to proxy your HTTPS traffic you add a local CA, and Chrome does not apply certificate pinning. Pinning is only for certs that chain back to the default CAs, specifically so people who need to proxy can do so. (Disclosure: I work for Google, though not on Chrome) You can do this today with CSPs, but page authors aren't interested. This rule would entail "run away from HN" (along with most of the rest of the internet) > indistinguishable from a Markov chain generator A Markov chain generator wouldn't: * Capitalize the first word of each line * Make lines of approximately the right length * Mark text with who is to speak it While this is just a toy example, it's powerful enough to start showing the ways RNNs can produce text that looks superficially correct. (Generating Shakespeare is actually one of the examples given in the classic http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/ ) Doesn't Spanner support ACID transactions? (Disclosure: I work for Google) Typically you just stop including the build time. It's a deterministic build, so why would the build time matter? > There's no point to client-side JavaScript: The baddies just write JavaScript that rewrites basic objects using Object.defineProperty so that document.visibilityState always says so (and so on), or that lie to the visibility sensor. Or they just make a whole fake web browser that runs on a Server. You are in an arms-race, and verification companies simply can't/don't do a very good job. I agree it's an arms race, but why do you think it favors the attacker? Bot/spam detection is incredibly important, and the folks I've worked with in spam detection are really good at what they do. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, though not in spam. Speaking only for myself.) > You can't use ReCaptcha (or any captcha) for ads. Captchas work because they prevent access to content users want until they solve the captcha. If you've used ReCaptcha in the past few years [1] you might have noticed it often doesn't ask you to solve a captcha. The parent is describing using a similar approach of detecting bots to identify ad impressions that shouldn't be counted (spam). [1] https://security.googleblog.com/2014/12/are-you-robot-introd... (Disclosure: I work at Google in ads, though not in spam.) > Go does not scale well What do you mean? I've seen huge services built in Go handling an enormous amount of traffic. (Disclosure: I work at Google, primarily in C++ and JS) I've read a lot of Java, C++, and Python code at work and some Go, and verbosity I've seen is Java > C++ > Go > Python. > Who you are now is very different than who you were 10 years ago nit: G+ is only seven years old (Disclosure: I work at Google, though not on Plus) You can get half of the buyer's commission back as a rebate if you work with Redfin. (That's what we did when we bought our house in 2015) > It seems pretty simple to audit your 10,000 largest ad-spend domains and check to see if they're actually just ad fraud. You'd need maybe 300 person-hours to do so, at an overhead-in cost of, let's high-ball it, 100$/hr, which puts you at a cost of $30,000. You're figuring 10k domains in 300 hours, or 1.8min per domain. It's way more expensive than this, and it's an adversarial system. If you have rules about how spammy a site can be and still show your ads many sites are going to try and get as close to the boundary as possible without going over. This means it takes substantial effort to figure out which side of it they're on. Then, the spammier sites run many different domains with multiple accounts, which means they're not that likely to show up as top domains. Spammy sites also can "cloak" so they show up one way to a reviewer at the ad network and another way to a real site visitor. Manual inspection is definitely a valuable tool, and is something that ad networks use, but that a process like you described would catch 99% of fraud is massively optimistic. (Disclosure: I work at Google on ad stuff, but not this sort of ad stuff. Speaking for myself and not the company.) Unfortunately it's much more likely that this person happened to get better for unrelated reasons than because this medication cured them. Likely enough that it's not worth looking into unless this is a condition that effectively no one recovers from. > We have active fraudsters at the top of the iOS and Play stores. The issue isn't that you don't know how best to cast the net to grab everyone. It's that you don't cast it at all to grab anyone. What apps are you thinking of? My guess is that they're apps that are being really careful to stay just inside the bounds of the store policies. > That's not an excuse to do nothing. I'm confused why you think ad networks are doing nothing? > the dichotomy being pushed here is that the difficulty underlies a need for illegal anti-competitive behavior. I wasn't trying to defend that. I just saw your "it's pretty simple to..." and as someone close to the issue wanted to explain ways it's not that simple. Several people have suggested using a safeword for this. Something like: "I'm going to tickle you, even if you say 'no stop', but if you say 'potato' I'll stop right away". I think this is something my kids would have done well with, though now they're just used to my taking their explicit "no"s literally. > why does a banner need to be anything more than an image? Because of exactly situations like this! Say you're an advertiser and you make an image banner. You make a deal with an ad network to show your ad on some pages. Some site makes a deal with the same ad network to show ads on its pages. Your ad is on the publisher page, users are seeing it, everything is good. Now a scummy publisher signs up with this ad network, and sets the ads to display underneath something else. If the ads are just simple images and nothing more, there isn't a way for the advertiser or the ad network to tell that they're being scammed. (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads declarative so they don't get to do this sort of thing. Speaking for myself and not the company.) In general, ads get to run arbitrary javascript. This is terrible, because once you open the door to a programming language people can pull in anything. Automated and manual review can help, but it's hard to stop technically. I'm currently working on making ads declarative [1] so they don't get to do this anymore. [1] Specifically, AMP Inabox, which is AMP ads on non-AMP pages: https://www.ampproject.org/docs/ads/amphtml_ads There aren't too many people, just not enough housing. If we allowed denser housing, especially near where people work, we could bring down housing costs massively while reducing commutes. > even sending your URL data to Google "Each site you visit is checked against the Safe Browsing list on your system. If there's a match, your browser sends Google a hashed, partial copy of the site’s URL so that Google can send more information to your browser. Google cannot determine the real URL from this information." -- https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/privacy/#safe-browsing... There's no way Firefox would be ok with sending all their user's visited URLs to Google. (Disclosure: I work at Google) Firefox docs are on https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Safe_Browsing and offer a range of config knobs. It varies by country. Siri has a male voice in the UK. Right, but US iPhones come with a female voice by default, while British ones come set to a male voice. Southwest and American did, but not United: Of the three US airlines that have Boeing 737 Max 8 and 9 jets in their fleet, only two — American and Southwest — paid for these upgrades, the Times confirmed. A United Airlines spokesperson told the Times that its jets don’t include these upgrades because its pilots use other data to fly their planes.) https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2019/3/22/18277694/boeing-737-... I think "other data" means "not those particular two optional lights that let you know when there are angle of attack issues". But yeah, I think it's spin. Learning from other people's mistakes is OCD? Why are you figuring 33% on $30? Standard deduction is $12k, then it's 10-12% federal tax on the rest. A bit for state tax, sure, but it's going to be well less than 33%. (Still hard to make ends meet on $30k, not disagreeing there.) mikeash was talking about US citizens; Paracha is Pakistani. Very curious whether the additional Brazilian MCAS training would have helped, given how strange its behavior appears in practice. C-thru Axis-49. Velocity sensitive hexagonal midi keyboard. Came out just before Kickstarter, and had early issues since a lot of their preorders fell through. Also shipped with the awful Harmonic Table layout, and needed manual conversion to Wicki-Hayden. But it's an amazing instrument, with everything right under your fingers. > In the coming months, we will start testing these protections with small groups of users and will continue to work with Disconnect to improve and expand the set of domains blocked by Firefox. We plan to enable these protections by default for all Firefox users in a future release. Default settings can move the industry in a way that opt-in things like uMatrix generally don't. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google) > In the coming months, we will start testing these protections with small groups of users and will continue to work with Disconnect to improve and expand the set of domains blocked by Firefox. We plan to enable these protections by default for all Firefox users in a future release. While lots of people here already have uMatrix or other blockers running, blocking fingerprinting and cryptomining domains by default would be a big step! (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google.) > Why the disclosure? Are you saying this in a personal capacity or is this the stance of Google Ads team? I'm commenting as myself, and not for the company. But my perception is likely colored by working for an ads company and it seems fair to let people know that. > Like, hey we love and embrace any technology that fights our team's fingerprinting efforts... While I don't know for certain, I don't believe Google Ads uses fingerprinting. Firefox/Disconnect doesn't seem to think so either, since Google ad domains are on the "Google" list but not the "Fingerprinting" list: https://github.com/mozilla-services/shavar-prod-lists/blob/7... The two main ways ads have of tracking users are: * Cookies: ads ask the browser to store something, later they can ask what the stored value is. * Fingerprinting: ads collect enough information about the browser that they can distinguish it from other users' browsers. While cookies aren't ideal, I think an ad industry that uses them is a lot better than one that uses fingerprinting. The key differences are user control and visibility. If you clear your browsing history, or close an incognito tab, your cookies are gone but your fingerprint is unchanged. Similarly, you can see who's setting cookies but you have no idea who is trying to fingerprint you. That is exactly what AMP is attempting to be. It's a subset of HTML and CSS which guarantees that the site can be preloaded in a privacy-preserving way. There are a lot of things sites want to do that can't be done in pure HTML and CSS and allowing full use of JS would be incompatible with this goal, so that gap is filled with open source libraries. (Disclosure: I work at Google on Ads, and I work with the AMP folks a bunch. Speaking for myself, not the company.) > In the real world, they, like Azure and Amazon, will have single point in time outages that will wipe that out for a year or more. An outage affects availability, but as long as it's not permanent it doesn't affect durability. For example, if I add a new backup provider that stores data on-premise I've added a (nearly) independent data store. This substantially decreases my risk of losing my data unrecoverably (increases durability) but if I don't set up any sort of automatic failover I'm still at risk for substantial outages (no practical increase in availability). For example, I don't believe Amazon has ever lost any S3 data ( https://www.quora.com/Has-Amazon-S3-ever-lost-data-permanent... ), and if they did it would be a big deal. Same with the other major cloud storage providers. > Someone on the marketing side of the team decided that was a "competitive" number to present, outwards, and someone in engineering was tasked with, working backward from that number, coming up with some plausible calculation that resulted in it. I would be incredibly surprised if that happened. That's not the way I've seen anyone work here. (Disclosure: I work at Google, though not in Cloud) PageSpeed and Lighthouse measure the site load mark you down for things it thinks you could fix. For a head to head comparison like this WebPageTest is often a better tool: non-amp: https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190411_1B_7c5b8e0d2f067ad... amp: https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190411_RF_776066ee3b0226f... Your site does pretty similarly with non-AMP and AMP. On the median of 9 runs PLT and fully loaded time are better on AMP, but speed index and time to interactive are better on non-AMP. Digging into it more, the time difference is completely due to how long it takes your site to serve HTML, and the biggest thing you could do to speed your site up would be making the server return the HTML sooner, perhaps by adding a cache. Testing with curl, your site takes 880ms on average to serve non-AMP, but 1120ms to serve non-AMP. Graph: https://i.imgur.com/BlWqSoo.png That's not an AMP thing, that's a your-serving-stack thing. (Disclosure: I work at Google, and used to work on mod_pagespeed) For the curl testing I did: for prefix in article amp/article; do echo $(for i in {1..9} ; do (time curl -sS https://unlikekinds.com/$prefix/google-amp-page-speed > \ /dev/null) 2>&1 | grep real | awk '{print $2}' done) done Do you see the same results? I shouldn't have focused so much on the difference between the AMP and non-AMP times, though. The main thing I wanted to point out is that if your server is taking almost a second to return html there's a lot you could do to improve pageloads right there. If you put varnish or something in front of rails to cache your responses you could probably cut 400-600ms off your loading time. Industrial carbon sequestration costs about $150/ton, so that's ~$3,000 to fully eliminate your carbon footprint. Yes, that's substantial, but it's also not like we would have to got to a subsistence farming standard of living in order to stop contributing to climate change. (Offsets via getting others to stop emitting carbon, like methane capture on farms, are a lot cheaper but harder to be sure of the counterfactual impact.) The examples in the article are: * "X, 23, from Sydney's inner west graduated with a bachelor of creative arts in film and television production from a private college in 2016. She wants to be a film director and actor." * "Y, 23, studied journalism at the University of Wollongong and was warned it would be tough to get a job." * "Z graduated with a degree in social research and policy from the University of NSW in last year said it took her a year to find a project management job." None of these sound like STEM to me? > 10% (Firefox market share) Market share, across all platforms, is closer to: * Chrome: 60% * Safari 20% * Firefox: 5% * IE: 5% * Edge: 2% * Other: 8% If you just mean desktop, though, then yes Firefox is about 10%. But mobile web is serious traffic these days. > How do you properly measure page load time (of real pages over the internet) anyway? I usually use webpagetest.org, which lets you run page loads in instrumented browsers. "Cowboy" is one person taking shortcuts to get things done but in a risky way. This was Boeing optimizing very hard at "how do we get better fuel economy while keeping the same type rating". In general, I'm totally in favor of them doing this sort of optimization, since pilot training is legitimately a big expense. (In this case it clearly went wrong, both in that MCAS was an unsafe design and that the FAA should not have allowed it to keep the same type rating.) It sounds to me like you're talking about the grey bar at the top of pages served from the AMP cache? This change is about using Web Packaging to remove that bar. (Disclosure: I work at Google) > as if the lift of transforming HTML into AMP HTML wasn't already big enough for your average web site owner, implementing signed exchanges will be over the head of 99% of the folks building web pages on the Web Converting web pages into AMP isn't something you can automate, but supporting signed exchanges is. You need certificate authorities to support the flag and web servers support the protocol, but if this catches on then the only thing you'll need from the site owner is the decision on whether to allow it. (Disclosure: I work for Google) > If, as you say, DNS can be spoofed easily - I can easily get a certificate issued with the required extension and make a "cryptographically signed package". Spoofing DNS to clients is much easier than spoofing DNS to certificate authorities. Otherwise domain-validated HTTPS certs wouldn't mean much. > I hope this never comes to something like Let's Encrypt, so the vast majority of developers can never use this. Let's Encrypt's response: I think it’s likely too early in this draft’s development for Let’s Encrypt to prioritize implementation. It looks like it has a ways to go within the IETF before it would be an internet standard. https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/cansignhttpexchanges-ext... AMP has a lot of things all together, some of which I like: * I like that when AMP is used for ads then the ads are fully declarative. Advertisers getting to run custom javascript, even in a cross-domain iframe, isn't great. * I like that AMP allows sites (currently primarily search engines) to trigger preloading in a way that doesn't leak information to the site that is being preloaded. * I like the way things like "sorry AMP only allows us to use 50k of CSS" can give developers leverage to push back against bad site designs. * I like that it centralizes some measurements: instead of every ad provider using their own custom polling system to determine if the ad is on screen they can all subscribe to events triggered by a single well written system. This doesn't affect the amount of tracking (there's lots either way) but it makes it hurt the user experience less. On the other hand, I don't like that: * AMP uses a ton of JS, and if all you want is a simple website it's going to slow things down in the non-preloaded case. For example, taking a random post on my site ( https://www.jefftk.com/p/trycontra-implementation and https://www.jefftk.com/p/trycontra-implementation.amp ) I see a median speed index of 1.611s on non-AMP but 2.051s on AMP: https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190417_XB_22673cb98ce390a... https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190417_PS_1a60378762d87fb... * A lot of people that don't want to implement AMP are doing it because then they get more search traffic. I understand how there isn't currently a non-AMP way of doing preloading in a way that doesn't leak information to the site (see above) but I think Web Packaging should be extended to support this in the general case and allow publishers to use AMP only if they want to. * The interaction between AMP and content blockers isn't great. If you have a content blocker set to allow some JS but not all (for example, no third party JS) then it's not going to run the AMP JS or the contents of the block, and AMP pages will render with 8s of white screen before the CSS times out. This is a pain, but I'm not sure what the right way to fix it would be. (I wish content blockers were smart enough to figure out which tags to run, but that's probably asking too much.) If you wanted to expand on how AMP seems like an attempt at a walled garden I would be interested in reading it; I haven't previously read any explanations that made sense. > Do you trust google to treat non-AMP pages the same as AMP pages? Google clearly doesn't treat AMP and non-AMP pages the same way: only AMP pages are eligible for the carousel in Google search, and there's a little icon. Once there's a way for non-AMP pages be safely preloaded I would be very surprised if Google search didn't start doing that, though. (Speaking only for myself, not the company.) > have no way of getting out I believe if you refresh the page it triggers a request to the original site, which will probably then choose to give you the non-AMP version of the site. It sounds like you're probably running something that blocks 3rd-party JS and also doesn't execute blocks. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19680033 I'm sure Facebook has had bugs that broke various forms of data collection, or missed data they could have collected. We wouldn't hear about it, but it would be surprising if it hadn't happened. > indoor plumbing is less than 100 years old Huh? The house I grew up in was built in 1895 and had plumbing from the start. It looks like rich people started getting indoor plumbing in the early 1800s (the White House got it in 1833) and it was widespread in new construction by the end of the century. The ping attribute replaces redirects and JavaScript that already allow (and are very widely used for) less performant ways of doing exactly the same tracking. An explicit ping attribute makes it easier for content blockers; with a redirect there's nothing you can do but with a declarative attribute it's clear what to block. This seems very clearly better to me. This isn't a new feature; it was added in Chrome 15 and Safari 6. https://caniuse.com/#feat=ping How would you want this to work? The alternatives to Sphinx I've used (Javadoc, Doxygen) more or less work the same way. A better way to estimate annual costs that includes the value of your time would be to look at the cost of hiring property managers. This gets you an apples to apples comparison with stocks/bonds. The "trespassing upon a privately-owned vehicle" seems pretty relevant, and I doubt it would apply to reading the plate. I also interview software engineering candidates at Google (n=150) and while I mostly agree, I do think there's some signal in whether a candidate can get the syntax right. It's not a dealbreaker if they don't, but all things considered someone who comfortably writes code all day is more likely to be able to write syntactically correct code than someone who doesn't. The main things I want to see, though, are: can you communicate well about the parts of the problem that aren't clear to you? Can you analyze and compare solutions? Can you figure out something reasonably efficient? Do you understand your solution well enough to code it? (Speaking for myself, not my employer.) Again, I don't think this is the only signal, or the most important signal, but there's still signal there. Imagine I get two data science candidates who seem basically the same and say they work in SQL daily. One of them can comfortably write out a JOIN with a GROUP BY and an ORDER BY when the problem calls for it, the other struggles and makes a lot of errors. I'm going to guess that the former is better at SQL, acknowledging that this is an imperfect proxy. I'm also not nearly as picky as a compiler/interpreter. I can tell what you're trying to write, and lots of people make silly mistakes. But a high volume of mistakes, or especially difficulty getting anything substantial out at all, those start to make me worry. I don't know the other genres well enough to evaluate them, but the bluegrass one ( https://soundcloud.com/openai_audio/genre-bluegrass ) is pretty bizarre: * Who uses piano as the lead instrument in bluegrass? * They're only using one one note velocity for the whole piece, which misses a huge wealth of variation through rhythmic accent. * Timing generally feels a bit robotic? * The best parts it sounds kind of ok but boring; in bad parts it sounds like nothing ( https://soundcloud.com/openai_audio/gaga-beatles is even worse that way) * A lot of the artificiality seems to be the synth they're using. * On the other hand it does understand a bit about phrasing and repetition, which many people new to traditional music take a long time to pick up. >It's midi. It's meant to be notation, not a realistic composition. MIDI certainly can represent realistic compositions, when used with good synths, though I agree it's not what it's known for! > I suppose the background "machine gun" piano notes would be a bassy synth combined with 90s electronic music drums. Uh, what sort of bluegrass music do you listen to and where can I find some of it? I remember buying a Matrox dual-head used around 2003 and being incredibly excited putting it into a frankentower alongside the integrated graphics and an old VGA card, giving me two "high resolution" monitors and two peripheral ones: https://www.jefftk.com/college-multihead-linux.jpg The card wasn't well supported by Gentoo, and every time I rebuilt the kernel, which was surprisingly often, there was an awkward manual step involving copying over something for the HAL. EDIT: found the docs -- https://forums.gentoo.org/viewtopic-t-60278-start-0.html In the US a big factor is the very high sugar tariff. So I'm not convinced that taking all the fingers off the scale would make for much healthier! For what it's worth it's even worse than this, since I count 629 references to other IRS publications in that guide. They're in the process of being merged: https://www.theverge.com/2018/5/23/17386752/youtube-music-up... A subpoena for something someone deleted would be a good way to find out. My prediction is that for something deleted, say, six months ago, the subpoena would come back empty. (Disclosure: I work for Google, though not on anything like this. Speaking only for myself, not the company.) The standard way to delete things from cold storage is to encrypt each piece with keys that you can more easily to delete. You can also, of course, read in the data, rewrite it with the deleted portion removed, and write it out again. (Disclosure: I work at Google, though I don't know anything about how Google handles this) IP address geolocation is the normal way people determine if GDPR applies. If you send some test requests to any big company including Google I believe you'll see they're using IPgeo. (Disclosure: I work at Google, I'm not a lawyer, and this is not legal advice) If it really was only to make money for CAs we'd see LetsEncrypt offering very long lifetime certs. But: * Very short lifetimes get people to automate, preventing problems where one cert lasts long enough to lose the institutional knowledge around it. * CRLs don't work. For performance you don't want to check for a revocation in serial with the request, and you don't want to block all browsing if the revocation list server is down. Revoking a cert will cover some users, but lots will still get " https://" and no warnings. This spreadsheet looks basically fine to me? They're taking the information they'd normally use to make decisions ("understands the tech industry" etc) and using a tool to be more consistent across candidates. With race/sex/class those are after the computation of the candidate's total score, which makes me think they're being used for affirmative action in a pretty normal way. > My understanding is that this is literally illegal in the UK. What about this is against UK law? I think you're ignoring caching/preprocessing in your analysis. Some friends and I tried playing Nomic using GitHub and CI. We played three games before getting bored and moving on: * https://www.jefftk.com/p/nomic-report-iii-conclusion * https://www.jefftk.com/p/nomic-game-2-another-conclusion * https://www.jefftk.com/p/nomic-game-3 If a search engine was strongly in favor of including this information they could add it in a query parameter. You can't cancel noise in general, only at specific chosen points. Noise cancelling headphones can work because your ears and in a consistent place relative to the headphones. I'm surprised the "alternatives considered" section doesn't have a "write something custom for core functionality using UDP". I would be curious to read why the decided not to go that way, given their scale and the potential gains from not using a general-purpose protocol. (Something like, make the entire standard journey from opening to the app to requesting a car over something custom, and then leave the rest of the app using TCP) > All the big companies are doing immutable, append-only event logging and probably have no mechanism to expunge this data. All because storage is cheap and they need to hold on to everything for testing or whatever future need that might arise. This is not true at all. Here's a recent HN discussion that talks about how Google handles this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19809259 (Disclosure: I work for Google, but I'm speaking for myself) > what ad networks can you set up that only use the content of the page to target ads? With AdSense you can use non-personalized ads: https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/9005435?hl=en (Disclosure: I work for Google) I'm very confident that the data is fully removed, because properly deleting data within NN days is treated as very serious internally. But I don't know the details of how it's done for cold storage. (I would love to see someone subpoena something deleted, say, 1y ago and write up whether it was produced.) I mean, isn't that what Ad Blockers are for? Blocking ads? No one working on autonomous vehicles is trying to build something where, long term, you need a role like that. There's no benefit to that over just hiring a driver. I was working on a product that did user-agent sniffing to figure out which image formats were supported (when to serve WebP). A feature-detection based approach is substantially slower because it breaks the preload scanner: https://www.jefftk.com/p/why-parse-the-user-agent I just tested an AMP page in mobile Chrome, and I'm not seeing the behavior you described. Once I scroll up again, the address bar reappears. Example: https://photos.app.goo.gl/a8A3WukpMiFPMBaNA (Disclosure: I work for Google) Thanks! I see what's happening now: news.google.com is loading AMP links in a width=100% height=100% iframe. This means your scrolling affects the iframe and not the page. Chrome, however, uses scrolling of the top level page to determine whether the address bar should hide/show. So this gives two weird things: * If you click on an AMP link without scrolling down enough to hide the URL bar, the URL bar remains even as you scroll through the AMP article. * If you click on an AMP link after scrolling down enough to hide the URL bar (the case you saw), the URL bar stays hidden even if you scroll back up (unless you scroll all the way to the top, at which point you're scrolling the outer page). I agree this is bad UX, and it happens because the Google News site is loading AMP pages in an iframe. Web Packaging fixes this: https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-amp-real-url/ (Disclosure: I work at Google on unrelated things, speaking for myself and not the company) I do: promptFunc() { # right before prompting for the # next command, save the previous # command in a file. echo "$(date +%Y-%m-%d--%H-%M-%S) \ $(hostname) $PWD $(history 1)" \ >> ~/.full_history } PROMPT_COMMAND=promptFunc This is in addition to standard bash history, and is much more reliable. Being able to see not only what command I ran but what directory I was in and when I ran it is very useful. (I wrote about this here: https://www.jefftk.com/p/you-should-be-logging-shell-history ) I'm very skeptical of this methodology, since it's completely correlational. Here's how I would run this study as a publisher if I used an ad network that lets the publisher turn off personalization on a per-pageview level (like Google's ads, which I work on: https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/7678538?hl=en ). I would run an A/B test of personalized ads vs non-personalized. This is simple, and very robust since it's controlled. My expectation is that if a big US news publisher tried this they would see much more than a 4% difference, but that's speculation on my part. None of the big cloud providers have unrecoverably lost hosted data yet, despite sorting vast volumes, so this doesn't seem BS to me. Open source doesn't fix much. Most ad tracking today happens via well understood open technology, and then adtech companies build profiles server side. Here's something very simple and fully opensourceable that would still provide lots of tracking capability: * Get lots of sites to put an img tag that references your site, perhaps by paying them a tiny amount per visitor * When you get a request, assign a cookie if there isn't one. Log the cookie and the referrer. * Sort your logs by cookie. Each cookie represents someone's browsing history, and the more complete your distribution of pixels is the more complete your view is. You can opt out of this client side by blocking the requests (adblocker) or by using a browser that blocks 3rd party cookies (ex: Safari) but open source doesn't do much here. For very large companies that do business in many countries regulators have various concerns (power of the company relative to the country, jurisdiction shopping via choice of headquarters location, etc) that don't apply for the typical case of a German company with a German audience. I remember getting Basilisk II working so I could play the original Escape Velocity without a Mac. Later I remember playing EV:Nova and trying out a really excellent fan created scenario, but looking now I can't figure out which one it was. The article is completely missing an argument for why you should code pages this way. There's an adverse selection issue. Let's say you make $10/month/user from ads, and offer the option to pay $10/month to not have ads. Users with less money are less likely to take you up on that, and are also less valuable as an advertising audience, so you start bringing in much less per month per ads-only user. Advertising effectively allows a company to charge richer users more, which you lose when you switch to a flat fee. > For Google users example, free-tier will allow each user account 5 searches per month that will not be tracked and recorded You can already open an incognito / private browsing window if you want to search without it contributing to your profile. On the other hand, modern search works better because it can build that sort of profile. (Disclosure: I work for Google, on ads. Commenting only as myself.) > Facebook would only need a single payment of like $4 from it's users to operate at the same margins without selling their data Facebook makes about $100/year from American users. [1] Something like $4 once can't be right. (Facebook also doesn't sell your data. They allow people to target ads against your data.) [1] 2018 Q3 data, but the right range: https://digiday.com/marketing/facebooks-making-money-per-use... One way to think of AMP is as a solution to "When people click on links from search the pages often load very slowly. Can we make this instant?" Any preloading based solution has to involve caching, because otherwise sites could learn that they had shown up in your search results without you having clicked on then. (Disclosure: I work at Google, not on AMP, and I'm only speaking for myself) > trying to tackle slow loading pages out of selflessness on Google's side I'm not sure where you're getting "selflessness". The faster pages load from search the better people's experience of using search is. This directly benefits both Google and people who use search. Can we switch the URL to https://www.blog.google/products/photos/simplifying-google-p... since that's the announcement for the consumer side of Drive/Photos? (Disclosure: I work for Google, but commenting here isn't my job) The post isn't "Why did people want IPv6" but "Why is IPv6 such a complicated mess compared to IPv4? Wouldn't it be better if it had just been IPv4 with more address bits?" Public performance rights are handled separately from private listening. They're referring to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shazam_(application) I hope my post ends up being helpful! Here are a few others I've written about parenting that might be interesting: * https://www.jefftk.com/p/equal-parenting-advice-for-dads * https://www.jefftk.com/p/parenting-optional-vs-required * https://www.jefftk.com/p/street-training > when Firefox was launched, it was still possible to develop a browser from scratch Firefox began as a version of the Netscape Suite stripped down to just the browser. The Gecko rendering engine long predates Firefox. No one has launched a full browser "from scratch" in nearly twenty years. > At the time were KHTML was being implemented there weren't new features being released every week like we have now. In every aspect of the browser. KHTML was being implemented in 1999. That was an extremely fast moving and chaotic time in the development of the web! Browsers were shipping new features left and right, the specs didn't describe at all what browsers really did, and if you fell behind people would quickly switch to other browsers. Even by 1999 you wouldn't have been able to make a competitive browser on your own, and especially not keep up with the rate of change. (In the early 2000s, after Microsoft "won the first browser war" and disbanded the IE group, everything slowed way down, though.) no My experience is that the choice isn't "playing for fun" vs "deliberate practice" it's "playing for fun" vs "not playing". If practice is fun, I'll do a lot of it and get better. It's not especially efficient practice per hour, but since I do a lot of it it helps a lot. If practice is not fun I just don't play, and I don't get better. The advice in the article is probably right for people who want to be the very best, but probably wrong for most people who might read it. This feels alien to me. As I play for fun of course I try new things, and keep expanding what I can do. That's how I've always learned music. I think I've even done my fastest growing while playing live for dances, which is probably the most "fun" and least "deliberate practice" there is! You're speaking in very strong terms, as if we really understood how people become good musicans, but I think we really don't understand it and people take many different paths. (My background: I started on guitar at about ten, switched to mandolin at about twenty, have always dabbled in other instruments, and at this point my main one is probably piano. I play in two contra dance bands, https://kingfisherband.com and https://freeraisins.com , and mostly play for dancing.) The premise of Mozilla's Servo is that there are major performance and security issues in all the current browsers that are very hard to fix without a full rewrite. Because we have multiple competing browsers and solid standards, instead of a single widely used reference implementation, it's possible that Servo may succeed at this. If we switch to an open source browser engine monoculture we lose competition among rendering engines, and may never get something much better than what we have now. When I search for "Star Spangled Banner" I see "The Star Spangled Banner (Super Bowl XXV) lyrics © Concord Music Publishing LLC" They're saying the lyrics come from the arrangement used for Super Bowl XXV, and that arrangement is copyright Concord Music Publishing. It would be better if they used the lyrics from the official public domain national anthem, but this isn't that weird. Except that the one in the demo wasn't, enabling the hack: It was discovered that the receiver that Fleming had been using was not, in the phrasing of the time, syntonic. It wasn’t tuned to a specific frequency, excluding all others, because a syntonic receiver would have been too large to use in the demo. > Once ads are slipstreamed, adblockers are going to have to get a lot more aggressive, more like antivirus scanning for code signatures. Adblockers also do CSS blocking. Look at how uBlock origin blocks the (included in the page HTML) ads on google.com. Seems like it's only the first 255 characters /pedant I liked this, and added it to my site: https://www.jefftk.com/p/openring I initially thought that maybe the lyrics from the Super Bowl performance were different from the public domain ones, but comparing the one on Google with the one at https://amhistory.si.edu/starspangledbanner/the-lyrics.aspx all the differences are just typographical: https://www.jefftk.com/national-anthem-lyrics-comparision.pn... While other aspects of the Super Bowl arrangement and performance are under copyright, the lyrics aren't. There are lots of reasonable uses for flathead screwdrivers other than driving screws, though! Random examples: * Many clips (dryer faceplate, window sash, ...) are designed to be pried open with a screwdriver. * When repairing a popped drywall nail, a screwdriver is a good tool for removing the joint compound under the nail. * When you buy a lock it usually comes with a rounded faceplate. To swap the faceplate, they'll tell you to use a screwdriver to pry it off. A flathead screwdriver is a good tool for general light prying, not just for putting in slotted screws. This heuristic has a lot of false positives. > Someone hooked the washer and dryer into the mains at my Grandma’s house. Do you mean they wired it in parallel with the main breaker panel, so you couldn't disconnect it to work on it? Prying with a flathead screwdriver is totally standard. Examples from manufacturer instructions: * "Use a small flathead screwdriver to pry wire connectors off." http://www.crystalcoolers.com/CMIL/ServiceManual/EverestElit... * "Use a flathead screwdriver to GENTLY push the wire harness from the board." https://www.carlisleft.com/library/SI06031si.pdf * "Carefully remove the airbag plastic logo. This plastic piece is set deep into the door so be sure to pry it with some force by inserting a small flathead screw driver just under the plastic piece and pushing it out." https://bimmian.com/content/pdfs/CMC46.pdf * "Use your flathead screwdriver to release the two clips on each side." https://lib.americanmuscle.com/files/contentgenerator/deatsc... A prybar is for when you need a lot more force. I live in Somerville MA, which is has about 18k people per square mile, compared to the ~2-6k I see in the South Bay. It gets that density through many two and three family houses placed closely together, and it's not smelly or noisy. Here's a representative street view example: https://goo.gl/maps/ggwHETDomuRUQAB89 You can be much denser than the Bay Area while still having trees and feeling "residential". > The absolute noise and other issue is much lower, the city is designed and built so poorly it can't handle it My experience of Somerville has been very different from yours: I've never been woken up by noise coming in from the street, and I've lived in two very typical wood-frame houses (first a triple-decker in East Somerville, now a two-family near Davis). But it's also worth separating "what should you build a house out of to avoid noise infiltration" and "what sort of neighborhood densities can you have with low levels of ambient outdoor noise". I'm within a half mile of Davis and don't remember ever hearing an event there from my house? Maybe Honk? I also like writing HTML in HTML. Example: https://www.jefftk.com/p/adventures-in-upstreaming I do have a static site generation step, though, which takes in my raw html, wraps it into posts, builds index pages, adds srcsets to images, and generates RSS feeds: https://github.com/jeffkaufman/webscripts/blob/master/makers... There are bits that are pretty hacky, but being able to put anything directly into the html, just the way I want it, is much better than messing with various converters. Simple HTML is really fine to write in. I think "Badoo" above was a typo for "Baidu" > At those figures, it would add about a third to my (UK) house's electricity bill. If you lived somewhere where you needed that much cooling you wouldn't have a heating bill, though. The average temperature in Europa is -260F / -160C so it's not surprising you wouldn't need AC there. They're describing a very powerful (and hence expensive to operate) AC system. I don't see anywhere on your list that you'd need that much cooling except maybe Nicosia and Athens, and there you don't need heating. There are many cities that get about as cold as Dallas where historically people haven't heated their buildings beyond the incidental heat you get from living and cooking, but that does require you to be ok with your house getting pretty chilly occasionally. Still, as long as your house is reasonably well insulated heating bills in Dallas are very low and only a few months per year, right? I've used these too (well, Trombone and not Trumpet), and like them a lot. I've mostly played them live with a breath controller, and they're expressive in a very realistic way. > who remembers webrings? I recently configured openring [1] and am liking it a lot. Example of one of my pages with it [2] [1] https://git.sr.ht/~sircmpwn/openring [2] https://www.jefftk.com/p/adventures-in-upstreaming scroll down to "Recent posts on blogs I like" > hand drills These are still mass produced: https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/drilling-machine-manu... For what it's worth I'm a homeowner and landlord who is strongly in favor of building more housing to bring down the cost of housing. It's not in my immediate economic best interest to see lower rents, but it's what our city needs. (I own a two-family house in Somerville MA, and we rent out the first floor unit and part of our unit as well.) For me, Phoenix/Firebird/Firefox was a noticeable step up from IE, and Chrome was a noticeable step up from Firefox. Chrome did especially well relative to Firefox when I had a lot of tabs, and for JS-heavy sites. I bounced back and forth several times: * I tried it for a month in January 2010, and went back to Firefox because Chrome was slower and less stable: https://www.jefftk.com/p/google-chrome * I tried it for ~6m in 2011, and switched back to Firefox because I missed side tabs: https://www.jefftk.com/p/side-tabs * In early 2012 I switched back to Chrome, despite the lack of side tabs (which I still miss dearly) because it was enough more performant. (Disclosure: I work for Google) Several reasons for not switching back, some idiosyncratic: * I trust Chrome more than Firefox on security * I'm used to Chrome's debugging tools, and would need to learn Firefox's * I use the Chrome password manager, and it would be annoying to switch If Firefox were enough better I would still switch, but at this point my understanding is it's more like "Firefox is no longer slower than Chrome" not "Firefox is a step up from Chrome in the way Chrome once was from Firefox". In general damages are proportional to the harm you've suffered. If you only own a tiny amount of the company then you still spend a lot on a lawsuit but only suffered very low levels of economic harm. If this is what you want, though, you could just buy a share of each public company. (An index fund wouldn't work, I don't think, you actually need to own the stock.) (not a lawyer) > you must remain indoors in non-evaporative air-conditioning, dehumidification or near sources of cool water You can also have high-mass buildings that you shut up during the day and ventilate over night. This is the traditional approach, and works well if the night temperature is a lot lower than the day. > it’s the sort of expense you don’t even need to file an expense report for on a corporate credit card if you’re even a mid-level manager there You're probably joking, but in case you're not this isn't right. If a company had a policy like that they would have difficulty demonstrating to the IRS that all their expenses really were for their business, and they would have a hard time protecting themself from embezzlement. The company needs to be keeping a receipt and a business justification for the expense. > I get the distinct impression nobody at Google actually uses it. If they did, I'm fairly sure all the annoying little warts I encounter would not exist. For what it's worth, the internal-only systems also have warts ;) There definitely are! Consider blind spots / limited field of view, slow reflexes, and tendencies towards distracted driving. AVs certainly have bugs, and some may lead to accidents and even deaths, but each one will be examined in an enormous amount of detail to figure out what sort of edge case it was and prevent similar ones from happening. Is your analogy trying to say that Google is the only search engine you can use, and that it doesn't list rival video sites? (Disclosure: I work for Google) I think of the bar case the other way around: the musicans are the producers (of music) and the bar is the advertiser (offering the exposure of allowing you to play in front of people) I found paging through the tutorial a helpful way to understand what it does: https://cue.googlesource.com/cue/+/HEAD/doc/tutorial/basics/... The post you're replying to is citing the father from Calvin & Hobbes, so I suspect it's sarcastic. > The whole targeted advertising thing is 100% a gimmick that advertisers don't care about. While many advertisers don't care about it, to others it's very important. For example, if you visit a product page but don't complete a purchase, showing you ads for that project on different pages [1] is much more likely to lead to a sale than showing untargeted ads. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavioral_retargeting (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google. Speaking only for myself.) You can still do this. The Referer header is sent by default on requests, and you can make your server interpret it to do anything you want. True, though you should run HTTPS on your site. Which means you'll get the Referer unless the other site or the user's browser has been configured to suppress it. Depends on how high the risk is, no? If surveillance moved the risk from 90% to 10% I think most people would consider it worth it. Golang's regexp is derived from RE2, referenced in footnote four of the post. This is a great question! In our case, in MA, rooftop solar was only economically viable because of two subsides: * New metering, where the power company has to act as our battery for free. Even if we produce more than we're using, which we do most afternoons when few of us are home, each kWh we send into the grid reduces our bill as the end of the month by one kWh. * SREC II subsidies, where we just get money per kWh we produce. Both of these are available to homeowners but not to commercial producers. (We also got a tax credit, but it's possible that companies also get similar credits.) I worked full-time in C++ from 2012 to 2017, and I don't like the language. I also did feel like I had to use it: I was a developer on an Apache/Nginx webserver plugin, and since those are written in C our choices were (1) C, (2) C++, or (3) a C shim that communicates with some other language. None of these options were ideal, but of them (2) was our best one. "Bai Iear 15 or sou, it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi ridandant letez "c", "y" and "x" -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz ov ould doderez -- tu riplais "ch", "sh", and "th" rispektivli." "By year 15 or so, it would finally be possible to make use of the redundant leters "c", "y", and "x" -- by now just a memory in the minds of old dodderers -- to replace "ch", "sh", and "th" respectively." So "x" is removed as redundant, and then reintroduced for "th". > All of this money and effort to create something that has never scientifically been proven to work There are parts of the online ads business that are very scientific. They run A/B tests to figure out what will make them the most money, and they're very good at it. Amazon, for example: say you look at a blender there and don't buy it. Amazon has cookied you, and can then target that cookie on other websites, showing you pictures of the blender trying to get you to come back and complete your purchase. They have very good metrics showing how much they should pay for these remarketing ads, and they make a lot of money from it. > Each article on a newspaper already provides the context. The article you're reading does give some information. There are a few kinds of articles that people are especially likely to read before spending money ("what kind of phone should I buy", "which credit card should I get", "what do I do if I've been diagnosed with mesothelioma") and ads on those pages are worth a lot. But if you look over the front page of the Washington Post ("Opioid death rates soared in areas where pain pills flowed", "At rally, crowd responds to Trump’s criticism of Rep. Omar with chants of ‘Send her back!’", "House votes to kill impeachment resolution", "This German city had few foreigners. Then refugees changed it in some surprising ways") or any other general interest publication you'll see that most articles are targeted at, and going to be read by, a very wide range of people. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google) > Aren't A/B tests super short-term and specific to single advertisers? They don't have to be short term. I currently have an A/B test I'm watching that I've been running for over a year, and other people I work with have some that have been running even longer. The reason to run a test long term, though, is either (a) you think the world might change such that your results won't remain valid or (b) you think a short-term measurement isn't a good estimate because of user learning. I'm not sure why you think a short-term measurement would be a problem in this case: a short experiment where an advertiser switched from personalized to pure contextual ads would lose a lot of money, and I don't see why you would expect that amount of money to decrease over time. > In the end the money in the system is limited, and if one competitor achieves a high level of revenue via A/B testing, someone else probably loses that amount of money. It's not zero sum, not at all! Let's say you sell board games. You advertise on board game review sites, but there's not that much traffic there because most people who buy board games spend most of their time on unrelated sites. If you figure out a new way to identify people likely to buy games and start advertising to just them you bid up the cost of advertising to those users, and displace, say, low-value belly fat ads. What happens? You start bringing in a lot more money, because you're selling more games. Some of that money goes to the sites you're advertising on, which now make more money because someone has figured out how to better advertise to their audience. And the belly fat advertiser makes less money, because the pool of ad space no one wants for anything has dropped slightly. But the amount of money they're losing is much less than the amount you and the site owners are gaining, because people are buying more board games. > I wonder whether Ad-tech has seen a reduction in revenue after Apple introduced Intelligent Tracking Protection, as these users can not be tracked via cookies. This source claims there was no significant dip for Criteo for example. I would guess Criteo isn't losing money because they've switched to tracking users via other means. They were caught [1] using HSTS supercookies, which led browser makers to remove HSTS as a tracking vector [2], and I suspect they've moved on to other methods. But (a) it's hard to tell externally since so much fingerprinting can be done passively and (b) I work for a Criteo competitor so I'm probably biased to think poorly of them. [1] https://twitter.com/gothamresearch/status/942800208441827329 [2] https://webkit.org/blog/8146/protecting-against-hsts-abuse/ Related: "In the past 3 months we surveyed all internal XSS bugs that triggered the XSSAuditor and were able to find bypasses to all of them." -- http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2019/07/18/google-chrome-is-... (Disclosure: I work for Google) > regions are colored grey that are clearly in the top 20 MSA, like the entire urbanized northeast It's not the 20 MSAs with the most jobs, it's the 20 MSAs with the most job growth, as a percentage, since 1990. Cosmic Crisp is a cross between Honeycrisp and Enterprise. How is that not breeding? They haven't left the Play Store and started providing a sideloaded APK. Instead they've stopped using the Play Store API for in-app purchases and have built a custom flow. Google bought Waze in 2013. The post is arguing that individuals should switch to sending traditional plain text email, and recommending mail clients that support it well. Yes, many companies make painful HTML emails, but that's orthagonal to this discussion. > I’ve had messages missed because the recipients told me they thought I accidentally sent an empty reply and didn’t scroll past the "on July 24th, superkuh wrote:" A common way to handle this when writing to people who aren't likely to expect an inline response is to put "Responses inline below:" at the very beginning, and then respond inline as usual. I often use inline images in emails, for the same reason I put images inline in other writing. I recently wrote an email summarizing some debugging I had done so someone else could pick it up. It looked like: text describing steps image of graph link to graph source more text another graph link to graph source etc We're all using email clients that display messages like this well, and it makes communicating complex ideas much faster. I'd give up HTML email if I could still have format=flowed and inline images, but that's not what's on offer. From the error message it sounds like if this was an attacker controlled site configured to require authentication it wouldn't trigger? If so it's not that useful a defense since whether to require auth is entirely under the attacker's control. For someone like Me Darcy income came entirely from wealth. He wasn't working, and someone in his position wouldn't be. So Elizabeth already knew he was extremely wealthy before seeing Pemberley. "seniority level" an in "what level have you been promoted to". At Google you don't have to disclose your level, but most people do and most of my coworkers know I'm L5. At Facebook my understanding is they've tried to build a culture where people don't know each other's levels, to focus more on "what can you do" instead of "what does management think you can do". Yes. Categories I've encountered at the big tech company I work at include: * Public * Company confidential (most things) * Need to know (only finance people can see some kinds of financials, only people working on a service can see it's logs) * Legal stuff * Personnel stuff * Highly valuable IP (spam detection algorithms etc) Open event details should be public without logging in. I help run an event series that has our website link to FB for per-event details, and no account is needed. s/spiel/shtick/ If a tree keeps growing, but also gets more successful at suppressing growth of it's neighbors, then it can be a net emitter overall even though it's a net absorber considered individually. You're not in a great situation, but there are still lessons from the post. For example, you could break upgrades into a series of changes that can be individually rolled back, and run smoke tests in between each one. But your biggest reliability improvement would come from getting this system moved to continuous deployment without downtime. Now you can make one change at a time and roll back if it doesn't work. This is a great list! One thing I would add, once you have everything on this list, is a way to experiment on your changes. Instead of flipping a flag, seeing your error rate jump, and flipping it back, you run an experiment where to flip the flag on 0.1% of requests. Now you can compare this traffic to a control group, and aren't stuck wondering "did errors go up by 5% during our rollout because we broke things, or by chance?". If things look as expected at 0.1% you can ramp to 1%, then 10% before releasing. The IRS has decided to treat cryptocurrency as an asset (like gold) instead of a currency. National looks up to me: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CSUSHPINSA > Maybe a new tag which points to a resource which can only serve an image, video or text. Absolutely no scripting. Pass along only the advertiser ID and the bare minimum. How would fraud detection work in this model? How do advertisers know the requests are coming from real users and not bots? Without assurance there, advertisers would pay much less, and publishers would earn much less. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, speaking only for myself.) >You would only do business with companies you trust to not cheat. That massively increases the barrier to entry. Right now you can make a new site, sign up with an ad network, and start showing ads. No one involved needs to trust you (much) since the ad network is in a good position to detect cheating. Remove that, and big trusted publishers (NYT, FB, Google) are still fine, but smaller ones wouldn't be able to demonstrate to the ad network or advertiser that they should be trusted. > Or just charge flat rates. Adverse selection will kill you. > I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on this since you work on ads: are ads actually essential in the software industry, or could we do just fine without them? The industry would definitely adapt, but I don't think it would be more favorable to society. Here's what I would expect to happen if we stopped letting third party ad networks detect ad fraud: * Facebook, Youtube, Reddit, etc and other huge sites are already big enough to run their own ad serving, and keep doing that. They are still in a position to detect fraud as a first party, and they're big enough that advertisers trust them. * Current ad networks build first-party integrations, where to the browser everything comes from the publisher's site. This could be designed as a newspaper licensing an ad serving system. This would provide high levels of trust, but not as high as the current system because you lose the protection of cross-origin iframes. * Ad networks don't find it worth it to integrate with long-tail sites, the sites make less money, we have fewer of them. If we went far enough to functionally remove ads from the internet, either by banning them or by ads losing the adblocker-blocker-blocker-blocker arms race, then I'd expect a different pattern: * Everyone moves to subscriptions of various kinds, probably with slightly porous paywalls. * Right now ads are effectively a progressive tax: the publisher makes more money from you in proportion to how valuable it is to advertise to you, which is roughly in proportion to how much money you have. To raise the same amount of money from subscriptions you need to charge more than what people can afford to pay at the low end, so some people get cut off. * There's a massive drive to consolidation: people don't want to have a lot of subscriptions to manage, so we get things where one subscription covers many people. The economics of how small sites get included in this are complicated, and I suspect this also hoses the long tail. * Free sites are popular, making money through some combination of product placement, charitable funding, and funding to push worldviews. The latter worries me a lot. AdSense and other networks primarily exist to automate matchmaking. Publishers and advertisers can already find each other, but this requires a lot of work. By automating this work, it can make more money for publishers (in aggregate) and make things cheaper for advertisers at the same time. My understanding of your argument is that no publisher should be using Adsense etc today, and they should all be negotiating direct deals instead, is that right? What would you say to publishers (and I've talked to many) who are happy to have the "collect bids from people who want to advertise on my site" portion automated for them so they can focus on running their sites? (Still speaking only for myself) > certain topics—some political but some not—are not "friendly to advertising", and so get demonetized on various platforms I think they're pretty different. If you look at the AdSense prohibited content policy [1] or the ones for other general-interest networks they don't allow their ads on sites about porn, drugs, gambling, etc. If you run a standard newspaper, for example, covering the full breadth of what a newspaper typically covers, you should be able to put ads on ~every story. In a world without ads, the newspaper would probably be a subscription site, and would be competing with non-subscription sites that are funded by people who want to push a perspective. The current dynamic effectively prioritizes perspectives in terms of how much people want to read them (because that's where the advertising money is) while in this new dynamic there would be more prioritization based on how much money the people with that perspective have (because that's where the funding is). I think that's probably worse for the world? [1] https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/1348688 HN does have ads. They're job ads for YC companies, and they're the entries you see without an option to vote on. Ones like "Come eat – I mean build with the ZeroCater (YC W11) engineering team". I used to work at an advertising company that worked this way, doing lead gen. In some verticals there's nothing better, and as long as your own metrics are good you can figure out how much a traffic source is worth. If a traffic source goes bad and starts being 50% spam, no problem, your automatic system lowers its bids by 50% and you're fine. The thing is, only a very small fraction of the ads ecosystem works this way. Coke wants to show ads to people to position their brand, not to get people to buy soda over the internet, which means they're not able to measure the efficacy of channels on a per-publisher basis and figure out if they're being cheated. Brand advertisers typically use third-party fraud detection services like Moat to inspect the environment their ads are running in and see if they look legitimate. Then there's a large range of people doing things where you could measure the effect of channels, but the site just isn't that sophisticated. Some pizza place somewhere buys some ads, they don't have the tech staff to measure conversions and optimize their channels, instead they trust the ad network to make sure they're not being cheated. Even sophisticated performance advertisers rely on ad network fraud detection, just indirectly. Yes, you run your ad campaign, and you bid what the traffic is worth to you based on your measurements. But the existence of that traffic stream comes from fraud detection. Imagine some publishers on an ad network start spamming it, and the ad network isn't able to detect the fraud. The money from advertisers now isn't going to publishers in proportion to the value of their traffic, but instead in proportion to how much they're cheating. The publishers that were the source of your good traffic go out of business, and the ad network collapses because it doesn't have valuable traffic to send to anyone. Try looking at it from the publisher's perspective. If their ad network can't detect fraud then of all the money the network brings in an increasing proportion will go to fraudulent publishers. Honest publishers will make less and less money and eventually give up on the ad network. For what it's worth I found the Wikipedia article clearer. > The Java license has always prohibited its use in nuclear reactors, but I figured a little offline analysis would be OK https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk... has: 3. RESTRICTIONS ... You acknowledge that Licensed Software is not designed or intended for use in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. Is that https://github.com/radare/tiv , https://github.com/stefanhaustein/TerminalImageViewer , or something else? Committing to answer "yes" to every question without registering it enough to even understand it would make your polygraph "fail" even if it actually worked well in real usage. Who requires an NDA? I don't believe Google does: https://www.google.com/about/appsecurity/reward-program/ (Disclosure: I work for Google) "they can force ram down the throat" here means "they can forcefully ram it down the throat" Why not install a window unit? Most new housing in the US has central AC, but most housing here predates that being standard. In the Northeast especially, window units are very common. The article is: https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamanetworkopen/fullarticle... As a correlational study, and as with any study like this I'm worried that something they're not controlling for, or not sufficiently controlling for, is the actual cause. They say: > Self-rated health, depression, anxiety, and risk of psychological distress have been previously shown to be associated with green space in some cross-sectional and longitudinal studies. A range of socioeconomic and demographic factors are likely to confound these associations by contributing to mental health outcomes and to neighborhood selection. Previous research suggests that these factors are likely to include personal socioeconomic circumstances, such as how much money people have, whether they are employed, and their level of education, and other factors, such as age, sex, and relationship status. Accordingly, in this study, we adjusted for baseline measures of age, sex, annual household income, economic status (eg, employed, retired, or unemployed), highest educational qualification, and couple status. There are a lot of measures that affect human wellbeing that this doesn't take into account, however. For example, wealth and class aren't present. I understand why it would be hard for them to adjust for everything, but that also makes the study much less predictive. I wonder if there are any natural experiments we could look at where blights or storms that caused sudden reductions in tree cover in a mostly independent fashion? 1 point by jefftk 0 minutes ago | edit | delete [-] A search engine is trying to predict which pages will be helpful to you in response to your query. This means it should take "how does the page look to users" as input, which today means executing JavaScript. (Disclosure: I work for Google, not on search) We live outside of Boston with two kids, now 3y and 5y. We're about 10min from the subway, and we've never had a car. We do a lot of walking with our kids, and when they were younger we used the stroller more. I'm as happy with this as I was before kids. The debatable aspect is how much of an impact it had. Many other cities without a similar conspiracy also got rid of their streetcars. My parent post is saying that even in situations where walking is very practical it stops working after you have kids, and I strongly disagree there. As for the question of how generalizable this is, the US situation is much worse than other cities around the world. Boston has very good public transit for the US, but it's still pretty minimal globally, and we could build out transit far better. It's also only expensive to live near transit, or generally to live in cities, because we've massively restricted housing construction. Allow people to construct tall dense buildings, use the tax money to build out transit, and for the price of an apartment in the cheapest part of Boston today you can have something better that's a short walk from a transit stop that will get you all over the city faster than the T does today. Satellite: https://goo.gl/maps/36F1xKcz8EPPBwwu9 Plain JS, yes. The modern JS ecosystem, however, has an enormous amount of churn. The hot way to do things in JS world five years ago is hopelessly obsolete now. If someone loses their password and asks for their data under the GDPR it's an open question whether the site can simply say "sorry, there's no longer any way for us to verify you are who you say you are". If you're in MA the link is: https://www.mass.gov/info-details/safely-manage-hazardous-ho... Other states probably have similar things? Very much worth researching before you get into a hobby where you start accumulating hazmats! Because Java’s if does not return a value, you cannot say: return if (x This would have been a nice place to make an analogy to the question mark operator, since a java programmer would probably be familiar with it and it allows you to write: return if (x as return x Sure, but the article is written with Java programmers in mind and doesn't mention any of the other languages. I don't like calling it the ternary operator because there are other ternary operators, like "x BETWEEN a AND b" in SQL. Sometimes it's called the "conditional operator" but my experience has been that "question mark operator" is what the most people will understand. In my life contra dancing fills this role. It's a place I can go to socialize with friends and strangers, dance, and listen to live music. There are dances all over the country, and when I'm traveling for work I often look up the local dance ( https://trycontra.com ) and drop in. Wherever I am I have a good time. > Hendren estimates that the lifetime benefit to a newborn child of moving from a low- to high-opportunity neighborhood is about $210,000 in additional income, or an 8.1 percent increase in lifetime earnings. Compare that to the $2,700 cost of counseling, and an additional $2,500 to $3,000 more per year per family that Section 8 paid due to higher rent in their new neighborhoods, and it looks like a pretty exceptional deal. The program doesn’t quite pay for itself by increasing future tax revenue, Hendren says — but it comes pretty close. This logic assumes that none of this benefit is positional. The family moves to a richer area, the kids do well in the fancy local schools, get into top colleges, make lots of money, etc, yes. But a lot of these opportunities look like "each year we take the best N people we can", so there are probably other (less qualified) kids who do slightly worse than they would without the move. As an analogy, if being in the tallest 5% of society makes you earn $100k more, we would expect a randomized controlled trial on increasing children's heights to have a large positive effect on income. But if we then rolled that out to the whole society those benefits would turn out to be illusory. This is still valuable from a perspective of reducing segregation and inequality, but I'm skeptical of its presentation as an extremely good deal economically. It depends on what you measured. For example, if you ask 20 people a yes/no question and they all say yes, the chance that they would all agree by chance is 1 in 2^19. The studies showed that early start times for teenagers were a problem, but not for elementary schoolers. The schools had previously (and still do) started teenagers very early and elementary students later, and this proposal swapped them. Most US cities and towns have minimal public transit that wouldn't be anywhere near sufficient for getting kids to and from school, so they run school buses instead. In some places with good public transit, like Somerville MA where I live, the city doesn't run school buses and people walk or take general purpose public transit, but that's very unusual here. It's the same deal as the tech shuttles: in places where public transit is good (NYC, Chicago, Boston) the tech companies don't run shuttles because there's no need. > What do the US school buses and their drivers do for the rest of the day and on weekends? Just sit idle? Yes. The drivers typically work a "split shift" with time off in the middle of the day, and the buses sit empty both then and on weekends. No, it's not. Most of the city, and close in suburbs like Cambridge and Somerville, were built before cars. This is one of the few places in the US where I'm happy living without a car. > Is Boston too sparsely populated to have schools in walking or biking distance? Boston is reasonably dense, but it's also defacto segregated, with parts of the city having different racial and class makeup. If we went back to neighborhood schools that people walked to that would mean effectively resegregating the schools. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_desegregation_busing_cr... > So Boston combats segregation by making children commute for longer ? Yes, and not just Boston: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desegregation_busing > Does that also apply to privileged families? Sometimes. Other times places close the schools in poor/non-white areas. I was curious what it was complaining about, since https://henryfjordan.com looks great to me. I tried to run it through Google's "Mobile Friendly Test" but fetching failed [1] because your robots.txt has: User-agent: * Disallow: / This would explain why you've gotten zero clicks from Google (or I would guess anyone else's) search results! On the other hand, it's surprising that you would get a notification if you had crawling disabled. Did you set this robots.txt up recently? [1] https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly?id=97_WUiIxx-... (Disclosure: I work at Google, commenting only for myself) Hmm, right clicking and copying works for me in Chrome and Safari. I just tried searching for "test" and the first result is marked up as: Looking at https://caniuse.com/#feat=ping it looks like ping is supported in Chrome, Safari, and Edge, but not Firefox; are you using Firefox? (Disclosure: I work for Google) Any search engine is going to want to know what people click on so they can make their product better. For example, I just searched for [test] on DuckDuckGo and when clicking on the first result I see DDG sending a ping back: https://improving.duckduckgo.com/t/lc?... which contains which URL I clicked. (Disclosure: I work for Google, speaking only for myself) robots.txt is a tool to control crawling, not to specify how you would like your site to be displayed (or not) in search results. If you don't want search engines to include your site, set: while to block just Google do: See https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/93710 If Googlebot is not respecting robots.txt, and is crawling something it's been instructed not to crawl, let me know and I can file a bug? (Disclosure: I work for Google but not on Search, speaking only for myself) Startpage is an anonymizing proxy for Google Search, not a full search engine. Crucially, it doesn't determine how to rank results. If they decided to try to compete with Google, Bing, Yandex, DDG etc directly by bringing ranking in-house they would have a very hard time serving good results without being able to track which of their links were popular among users. The blog post you link has a bunch of alternatives, but I agree they're not great. If there are a lot of webmasters who want to be able to noindex through robots.txt then making the case for adding noindex to the standard would be a good next step. (Still speaking only for myself) Yes, that was linked above. It looks like this is part of reducing support to what's in the spec? Thanks for sending the screenshot! That site shows up with "no information is available for this page", which means that while robots.txt has disallowed bots from crawling it the page is still linked from other pages that do allow crawling. The robots.txt protocol gives instructions to crawlers about how they should interact with the site. If you instead want to give instructions to indexes, use the noindex meta tag. Satellite internet, with batteries or a generator, works even when local conflict shuts down pretty much everything else. Blocking satellites is much harder than shutting off the internet by ordering the telcos to. Jamming is possible, but takes a large commitment. Destroying satellites from unaligned countries is an even larger commitment, and not a great plan if you want to keep them unaligned. In practice satellite very often works when nothing else does. After the fork both WebKit and Blink were able to delete large amounts of no-longer-shared code. Not half the codebase, but still quite a lot. The fork was a recognition of their having been growing apart for a long time. Both groups still watch each other's changes, but it's very rare that a patch would apply cleanly. > For example, GitHub controls DNS for .github.io so if they wanted to track people across all GitHub Pages, they could.* The public suffix list historically has been opt-in. If you look at the (human readable) https://publicsuffix.org/list/public_suffix_list.dat you'll see: // GitHub, Inc. // Submitted by Patrick Toomey github.io githubusercontent.com Major companies have historically wanted to list their user-content domains on the PSL because it helps protect users cookies from other users. It's possible that this announcement changes things, but I think it mostly doesn't. The main problem with a DNS-based system is just that you would need to get everyone to switch to it, and figure out what to do in the mean time. If ".io" or someone doesn't set the DNS flag then that's a major security issue for everyone under it. > If GitHub wants to track people across all .github.io pages, it can, trivially. It controls the infrastructure, after all.* If WebKit fully implements what they're describing here then GitHub should not be able to use their control of *.github.io to track people across those pages. With what WebKit describes here GitHub won't be able to tell the difference between: A: a browser visits both foo.github.io and bar.github.io B: one browser visits foo.github.io, another visits bar.github.io Both should look identical to github.io, client side and server side. (This is not the case today, but my reading of the policy is that they consider all the ways in which it is not the case to need fixing.) Many people are behind NATs and so share IPs. This can be millions of people; see Wikipedia's documentation on IP banning: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Blocking_IP_addresse... What are you thinking other than IPs? Everything else should be under the browser's control. I work at Google in Cambridge, in Kendall sq. Most of my coworkers take public transit, most commonly the Red Line. If you look at https://www.mapnificent.net/boston/#11/42.3729/-71.0760/2700... you can see there's a large area within reasonable public transit commuting distance. The tech company shuttles in the Bay Area mostly run to the South Bay, where Google etc are, and the public transit options there are minimal. > the S&P500 outperforms leaving money under your mattress This doesn't conflict with the efficient market hypothesis. The S&P500 also outperforms 'investing' in blackjack. No one is claiming that holding your money as cash is on the efficient frontier. When people talk about women being better than men at endurance, they don't mean things at the ~1hr level. Instead, the events where the top women are close to competitive with the top men are at the ~days level. > Barely, if any, difference between the sexes in races at this distance This is 31 miles, which is not much longer than a standard 26.2 mile marathon. Marathons have a lot of competition, so we can see how top athletes compare, and there the record is 2:01 for men vs 2:15 for women. What you're saying is for much longer races. > In most sports pro womens’ performance is achievable by trained amateur males The men's time for a standard marathon is 2:01, vs 2:15 for women. While I wouldn't be surprised if most a lot of amateur men could get to ~3:00 with a lot of work, 2:15 is extremely fast. It's hard to tell how much things like that reflect the shape of the maximum human performance curve, vs which sports are worth it for which athletes to reach peak performance. > Why Everyone Loves Remote Work ... 91% of remote workers said working remotely is a good fit for them. There's a large gap between "the small fraction of workers who are remote love working remotely" and "everyone loves working remotely". My wife works remotely, and likes it a lot. I've worked remotely, don't like it at all, and am back in an office. (For me, I'm just happiest if I'm in the same place as my coworkers. The place I worked at remotely seemed to do everything right, but I still felt disconnected and lonely.) If they get a duplicate report they should let you know the disclosure timeline and keep you posted on progress fixing it. If they're not doing that they have no right to prevent disclosure. > They will be less targeted and less profitable, but you can still use them. Specifically, about half as profitable: https://www.blog.google/products/ads/next-steps-transparency... "Based on an analysis of a randomly selected fraction of traffic on each of the 500 largest Google Ad Manager publishers globally over the last three months, we evaluated how the presence of a cookie affected programmatic revenue. Traffic for which there was no cookie present yielded an average of 52 percent less revenue for the publisher than traffic for which there was a cookie present." (Disclosure: I work for Google on ads, speaking only for myself) > Non-personalized ads won't be lucrative enough to fund the web. Non-personalized ads make about half as much money: https://www.blog.google/products/ads/next-steps-transparency... Whether this is enough to fund the web is debatable. (Disclosure: I work for Google on ads, speaking only for myself) I'm not saying that; it's the person I'm replying to who's claiming that non-personalized ads are insufficiently lucrative. Ad blocking users wouldn't be affected by the study at all. Browsers have gotten past it. The versions of current major browsers are 11, 12, 18, 62, 68, 76. This is a study any publisher can replicate today. Compare an experimental group with setRequestNonPersonalizedAds [1] against a control group. I think you'll see similar numbers. [1] https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/7678538 (Disclosure: I work at Google, on ads. Speaking only for myself. I haven't seen anything internal about how this study was run.) My non-expert [1] understanding is that by default Google's ads are both contextually targeted and personalized. If you recently visited a mattress site and they are trying to bring you back for a sale, you'll get mattress ads everywhere via remarketing, a kind of personalization. On the other hand, if you're visiting a mattress site for the first time, you'll probably also get mattress ads, but this time because of the context of the page. If the publisher requests non-personalized ads, that turns off the personalization, but not the contextual targeting, so the answer to your question is kind of yes, kind of no: it removes personal targeting from the mix, but contextual targeting is always on. [1] I work in ads, but in tagging not targeting. > NoScript for work, per policy Your workplace requires you to browse with NoScript? The article is making a much stronger claim: > the net contribution of the Amazon ECOSYSTEM (not just the plants alone) to the world's oxygen is effectively zero If this is correct, then the entire Amazon could vanish without having any effect on CO₂ levels. This part was especially depressing: > The California Air Resources Board restricts prescribed burns to days when pollution is at acceptable levels and the weather likely to disperse emissions from fire. In practice, this means that burning can occur only during a few weeks in the spring. In summer and autumn—the seasons when forests would burn naturally—the state’s air usually falls foul of the Clean Air Act. These are also the months that are most prone to uncontrollable wildfires, whose smoke is far more damaging to human health than that from prescribed fire. But, perversely, because wildfires are classified as natural catastrophes, their emissions are not counted against legal quotas. I had assumed they the prices were set by the market, and were high because the legal pot market is still very small and at several kinds of disadvantage compared to the illegal one. Are you saying the prices are instead set by the state? Or are you just referring to taxes? That makes sense, but since you're mostly paying for expert labor, decreases in the cost of the raw materials won't affect the price much. Someone who did impressive things with method A saying they think a method B that they haven't tried is superior isn't much evidence in favor of B. Static is great: more secure, stands up to very high loads, minimal maintenance. I'd actually recommend writing in plain html+css at first, and then moving over to a static site generator once you have ~10 posts. You'll have a much better idea about what makes a good system at that point. (I wrote my own static site generator after ~100 posts, which is longer than I'd recommend going!) I often use network filtering in Chrome devtools to find requests by query string. If you start typing into the search box it matches it against the whole request including url parameters. The first bullet point below that title is "First parties have a way to delegate access to a user identity to specific 3p's, as long as that delegated identity remains sharded by 1p." The model is proposing that if you allow Google to have access to user identities on your site, and I allow Google to have access to user identities on my site, the browser should prevent Google from joining those identities and detecting that the same user visited both of our sites. (Disclosure: I work for Google, like the author of the article. Speaking only for myself.) > People who work at Google know they are working for a terrible company doing terrible things I work at Google, and I don't think it's terrible. Neither do most of my coworkers. There are things I wish were better, and things I'm working on improving, but overall I think Google's impact on the world is strongly positive. I work at Google because they pay me money that I can donate [1] and I wouldn't work here if I thought that was making the world worse. [2] I left Google in 2017 to work for a startup I thought was more positive than earning to give [3] and then I rejoined later that year after the startup didn't pan out. [4] I'm open to arguments that I should be doing something else with my time! [1] https://jefftk.com/donations [2] https://jefftk.com/p/value-of-working-in-ads [3] https://jefftk.com/p/leaving-google-joining-wave [4] https://jefftk.com/p/rejoining-google This makes a lot of sense. Renaming Perl 6 means: * Perl 5 can continue being "perl" and have a future. People with existing perl codebases won't think they're going to need to upgrade. * Camilia/Raku/etc can be considered on its own merits. The C/C++ analogy is a good one: when things are different enough you stop expecting everyone to "upgrade" and instead are making a different language. While SF rents are nuts, just paying people more doesn't fix it: we need to allow more housing to be built. > Brave should recognize its total dependence on Google and its continued goodwill What do you mean? Brave is based on Chromium, which is open source. Google can't stop people from using it. (Disclosure: I work for Google) Regardless of how Chromium is run [1] Brave is still in a position to make their browser work however they want. They can choose what Chromium features to enable, and take the code any direction they want. [1] Your categorization doesn't match what I've seen. Microsoft has been driving substantial changes as Edge moves onto it. Are you thinking of Susan Barry's "Fixing My Gaze"? You could have an aggregation service, run by a trusted independent non-profit. It could have a strong privacy policy and external auditing. While that might have been a good idea if we'd started a while ago, at this point CSV/TSV are so much more established that using commas or tabs doesn't actually save pain. Another voice saying: I've done my own mail, and it is hard. When my messages don't get through to the recipient due to my unusual choice of running my own mail, from their perspective it's as if I never sent the messages. This is completely backwards. In the US air conditioning has facilitated people moving from colder to warmer areas, which decreases energy usage. Yes, you don't need AC in the Northeast but you need a lot of heat, so people moving to the Sunbelt reduces carbon emissions. Outside the US, this ignores how much happier and more productive people are when they're not overheated. Traditionally cold areas have been much more productive than warm areas, but AC could change this. Subpoena their records for a lawsuit and see what they really have. My prediction is that at major tech companies (Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc) your data is actually deleted when you say "delete" while startups tend to start with soft deletions (less worried about being sued). Direct links probably end up in their caches. If they stop being visited then you're fine and they'll be evicted, but intentionally evicting data that's been deleted is one of the hardest parts of implementing full deletion. If you send a request to the moderators and cite the GDPR I would expect them to delete it. The GDPR doesn't require the deletion process to be automated. The HN terms ( https://www.ycombinator.com/legal/ ) have the very typical: > By uploading any User Content you hereby grant and will grant Y Combinator and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content for any Y Combinator-related purpose in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. When you send someone a DMCA takedown you need to include " A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law " and " a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury ". [1] So you probably don't want to send someone a DMCA request after giving them a license to use your comments! [1] https://www.aclu.org/other/text-digital-millennium-copyright... That sounds more accurate than "impossible" does to me How do you think they're decrypting in real time? Do you think there are backdoors in the crypto/protocols? Severe accidental flaws? How many times a speedup are you imagining? State of the non-TLA art is that modern https is completely impractical to break, even with enormous server farms working for years, let alone in real time. Back of the envelope, to see scale: to brute force SHA-256 you need to try about 2^255 combinations, so you'd need to have 2^194x (1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000x) the hashpower of the Bitcoin network (80 EH/s). If you told me you thought they had cracked a common algorithm so they could do it in only 2^60 time that would at least be plausible. But the idea that they have hardware to straight up brute force it, though, is just impossibly wrong. That's how I read being able to do it because you have "the best, largest, fastest, most advanced machines that money can buy". > batteries are one of the big, expensive, and limited life time components of a solar system On the other hand, so is a big chest freezer! I'd be pretty surprised if they had quantum computers to where they could decrypt https, but it's at least possible. The more prosaic means you're describing, plus zero days and phishing (unless that's included in "targeted attacks"?), can still get them a long way. That image is a shows an NSA diagram of Google's network, with the links on the "public internet" side labeled "SSL" and on the "Google cloud" side labeled "clear text". You don't have to steal keys to exploit that, you just need physical attacks against the fiber links between Google's datacenters. Google had been working on encrypting that traffic, which was then massively accelerated when they learned it was being actively exploited: https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/11/googl... (Disclosure: I work at Google) > Chrome has already ditched adblockers on mobile nit: chrome has never had extensions (or ad blockers) on mobile (Disclosure: I work for Google) Advertisers aren't going to pay more than the traffic is worth. If 1/2 of your advertising is going to people who would never be interested in the product and you can cut that group out you're willing to pay approximately 2x as much. If all users were equally of interest to all advertisers this wouldn't matter, but that's very much not the case. Imagine you're a publisher, and your audience can be divided as 50% coffee drinkers and 50% tea drinkers. Without tracking, you have advertisers each paying you $X to run site-wide ads, while with tracking you can get closer to $2X because the coffee sellers target only the coffee drinkers and the same with tea. (Disclosure: I work for Google on ads, speaking for myself) Here's the actual paper: https://advances.sciencemag.org/content/5/9/eaaw2594 > if you're writing java, you'll be putting out a lot more than that due to how stupidly verbose it is Being "verbose" means that each letter you type communicates fewer bits of information. If the bottleneck is putting ideas together then you would expect someone writing in a more verbose language to type more letters per minute but still take a similar amount of time to communicate the idea. In practice most Java programmers are using IDEs with good auto-completion, though, so aren't actually needing to type as many letters as you'd think. It sounds like this was scraped before the GDPR went into effect. > Most startups only give you 90 days to buy your options once you leave. After that, they expire and revert back to the company. This is the real problem here. While this used to be standard, many startups have started offering employees the maximum ten years allowed by the IRS. This is something to consider when joining a company: if they're not willing to give you the full ten years, why not? More: https://triplebyte.com/blog/extending-stock-option-exercise-... https://zachholman.com/posts/fuck-your-90-day-exercise-windo... A lot of these tools depend a lot on the age of the kid and how they're used. I have five year old, and they're nearly to the point where they could go the the park by themself if they had some sort of device where (a) we could tell where they were and (b) they could easily contact us plus (c) it was socially acceptable to do this. This would be using tracking to allow our kid more freedom, since the alternatives are (1) go to the park on our schedule and under full supervision and (2) stay home. As kids get older we would want to pull back that kind of supervision, so that by the time they're 12 or so we can get their location with something active and visible to them, and by the time they're 15 or so we can just call or text them. The technology can be used in a lot of ways, and whether it makes kids more or less free depends on parenting and culture. The way Google uses it, a "CL" means both "a thing you sent out for pre-commit review" and "a submitted change". It's very similar to a GitHub PR, if you use a master branch and always squash your PRs when merging to master. That's from when Google still ran on Perforce. Around 2012-2013 we moved over to an in-house system that provides a similar interface (see link in sibling comments). > do not compete with your workplace Google does enough different things that this is often unclear. The IARC program lets you get a clear opinion from the company on whether they consider your work to be fully separate. It's not about paying for the fuel, it's about not having to lift the fuel. Going from a rocket that is 2880T fuel and 120T for everything else to a rocket that uses 25% less fuel gives you 2160T fuel and 840T everything else. Decreasing the fuel by 25% increased the rest of your budget by 7x! > I have to re-unsubscribe from AT&T's job search newsletter every few months because of what I assume is a new wave of recruitment emails being sent from an older mailing list. Doesn't matter how many times I unsubscribe, that backup will always have my information on it and that service only refers to that backup. That sounds like a violation of the CAN-SPAM act, and you could consider suing them. You might be able to get some money out of them, though > Probably all TLS 1.3 servers today are willing to do anything method not just method B, since all the methods are shiny and new. But perhaps not, and you can't tell except by failing the connection which takes more round trips. You can have a round trip all the time, or just in the case where the client chooses an ciphersuite the server doesn't support. TLS 1.3 makes the typical cases much better without hurting the worst case much. > A 3-year-old definitely takes a lot more continuous attention than a newborn I think this varies enormously between kids, and to some extent between parenting styles as well. With my particular kids (5y and 3y) I can often spend a whole afternoon working on a project while they play individually or together; at younger ages the time commitment was far larger (nearly continuous). My kids are 5y and 3y, and the oldest has just started kindergarten. I'll wake them up if need be, and then if they're ready for breakfast on time they each get a penny. Boy do they want that penny! With older kids I would imagine some sort of just "here's an alarm clock, getting up and ready for school is your job" would work, but I've never been a parent of older kids ;) You can get blackout curtains that work very well. This depends enormously on where you're working and what you're optimizing for. "Deceiving yourself" is far too strong: people can easily tell how many hours they're working and whether they're expected to be continuously available. I have two small kids, so it's important to me that I have a lot of time outside of work. Typically I'm up at 7am, get them ready, bring them to school, get to work ~8:30, leave work ~4:50, kids down ~8:30, bed ~10. I rarely check email outside of work or work in the evenings (only when there's something I'm working on that I'm super excited about) and there's no pressure at all to work more hours than this. I'm not on call. Not all tech jobs are like this, and I'm lucky I've found one that is a good fit for me, but work-life balance is totally possible. > the multisig thing that happened to Gav Wood I wasn't sure what you were referring to, but it looks like maybe https://cointelegraph.com/news/parity-multisig-wallet-hacked... Is your train an electric multiple unit? Those have far lower stop penalties. This is "the law" as in "this specific law" not "the legal system". The most common way to do this is with triple backticks: Some regular text ``` Preformatted text ``` While this isn't in the original spec ( https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#precode ) it's supported by GitHub, Stack Overflow, and most other places I find myself using a markdown flavor. > If the top speed is 160 km/h, then a good EMU has a stop penalty of about 45 seconds, a powerful electric locomotive about 135 seconds, and a diesel locomotive around 190 seconds. With short dwell times coming from level boarding and wide doors, EMUs completely change the equation for local service and infill stops, making more stops justifiable in places where the brutal stop penalty of a locomotive would make them problematic. -- https://pedestrianobservations.com/2018/06/28/the-value-of-m... That part also jumped out to me, but made me worry that the author isn't accounting for novelty effects. When you make something weird at first it does well, and then later as people get used to it the lift goes away or even turns negative. With a lead gen funnel, where everyone is going through for the first time, this is much less of an issue than a site with long term users. In the latter case you want to measure learning effects, while in the former no individual is in a position to learn. Novelty could still wear off in lead gen, though, as companies copy each other and your weird new pattern starts to show up elsewhere and become familiar. For example, I'm visiting the Bay Area this morning and Caltrain (diesel locomotive) has acceleration much lower than BART (electric multiple unit). Acceleration here is determined by what's practical with the equipment, not the maximum forces people can currently handle. This is not sensitive data; voter registration information is public and available for purchase from the government. > I am so freaking sick of people recommending others to pickup either salsa or tango! Not of the people that recommend this themselves but are there really no other options? Tango/salsa classes seem to get recommended again, again and again, I get that it's a fun activity with a good gender balance, forced interaction and just enough tension to naturally provide a fun atmosphere but is there nothing else? How about contra dance? https://trycontra.com (I maintain that site, and play in https://freeraisins.com and https://kingfisherband.com ) This is not right; this can get you priority inversion if your audio thread is waiting for a lower priority thread, and for many tasks it just adds overhead. As an example, consider some software I wrote recently: https://www.jefftk.com/bass-whistle It reads in audio of someone whistling, interprets it, and resynthesizes it as bass. It needs to be very low latency, or else it won't feel fluent to play. Roughly, on each audio callback it needs to: * For every sample in the input buffer determine (a) is there whistling and if so (b) what pitch it is. * Use those decisions to synthesize audio and populate an output buffer. It does all of this on the audio thread, and there's absolutely no reason to move this processing elsewhere. Code pointer: PLUG_CLASS_NAME::ProcessBlock in https://github.com/jeffkaufman/iPlug2/blob/master/Examples/B... Where is "Hiring decisions can use only information that the applicant provided" the law? This seems very excessive. For example, if I used to work with you at a different company and know you're really good it's very strange that I wouldn't be allowed to consider that in hiring you. The idea is generally to keep things from showing up when you search for people by name, not to remove the information entirely. Someone could make a Right to be Forgotten request to the BBC for the news article, but they'd need to meet a higher standard. The listing is of ones where people have asked to have the result removed from Google. Thanks! I don't read Finnish so I'm reading your link in translation, but I don't see where in the law it says employers can't use outside sources of information in evaluating potential candidates? Could you point me to that section? you can also do "asterisk greater-than text asterisk" > like this It's based on remarketing technology. Just like Amazon can drop a cookie on your browser so they can later show you ads to convince you to come back and complete the blender purchase you have sitting in your cart, this site is offering to drop a cookie on the target and then show them ads for whatever message you would like to show. Currently rates are set via negotiation between providers and insurers. Roughly, when the provider and insurer can't agree on a price, then the provider will be out of network for that insurer. Let's say we remove this, and now we have a doctor who wants to charge $200 and an insurer that wants to pay $100. How should it be resolved? > 1000 times more valuable than the work those workers do With a salary of $23M, Boeing's CEO is paid ~1000x what a worker is paid, which is how I read it. If the patient chose to see someone who charged $200 vs $50 would the patient pay a different amount? You're describing the way things work in most of the US right now, except that if my doctor doesn't take my insurance I no longer have the option to see them anyway. In the case of surprise bills from hospitals this is a big improvement, but in the normal case of "my work gives me Cigna but my long-term doctor I'm very attached to doesn't take Cigna" it means people can't stick with their doctor. > And at the same time there shouldn't be any place that would charge you without warning about cost This isn't unique to healthcare, though it's worse in healthcare than other places. Say I hire a plumber to put in a toilet, and when they open up the wall to run their pipes they find major problems that need dealing with. It wouldn't be code compliant to seal things back up without fixing them. Now it's going to cost me $10k instead of $1k. (Analogy to complications during surgery, though it's less time sensitive and I would have the option of evaluating multiple people to fix the bigger problem.) The list is ones with the same spelling. If we went with same pronunciation we could add raise/raze. > There is no convenience that would ever convince me to have an always on listening device in my home. Many smartphones have this, and will respond to "Ok Google" or "Hey Siri". Do you view this differently? > Do you remember the process in which an optician makes you wear a new pair of glasses and stares at you with this optician-look, takes the pair of glasses away from you again, goes to the back office and starts bending parts of it in a seemingly random manner, comes back, hands you the pair of glasses which now suddenly fit perfectly? Yeah, I attempted to do that with my new pair of glasses and noticed that I suck at it. I would bend it to look similar like the glasses from the optician only to realize that the back of my ears were hurting after a few hours of wear. Then I would bend them differently only to have them repeatedly slip forward on my nose warranting me to push them up every few minutes. After two weeks of bending, it still fits less well than the other pair. So I guess there are some subtleties of making glasses which are not easily replaceable through an online store. I've done this with several pairs, and the main thing is you need to heat them to get the plastic into a temperature where it will hold a new bend. I've used a hair dryer for this, though you need to be careful not to over-heat them or the plastic will blister. You can also go into a glasses shop and ask if they can adjust them, though when I tried this they wouldn't take my money and just did it for free, which I felt bad about. > There's a lot of hand analysis proving that it is a statistical impossibility that he's not cheating, and a lot of speculation on possible methods, but nothing that explains how he actually did it. While it does sound like he's cheating I don't see how you can get there with just statistics. He could be incredibly good at reading his opponents. (But it's super implausible that he doesn't play anything but these specific games, and then wins by such a large margin.) Footnote 1: "You may be asking yourself, 'what about the strike price'? The answer is that, because almost all of the expected value of the options comes from a very small fraction of scenarios in which you exercise them, the strike price doesn’t contribute very much to the expected value." > the FAR (parking ratio) in most areas is 1.0 parking spots per room FAR is the ratio of floor area to lot area; it's not about parking: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Floor_area_ratio Parking minimums are certainly a problem, though, especially when they limit dense construction in places with excellent public transit. There are a lot of existing houses which have some rooms smaller than current laws allow, and they often make a lot of sense. I can have my two kids share 100sqft room (10x10) but two 50sqft (5x10) rooms in the same space would make everyone happier and they're young enough that they don't need a big room. Sure. But even if you handle the windows, doors, and have 3.5" for the wall (2x3 partition wall with half inch sheetrock) it's still i prohibited. I can't tell if you're serious, but if you are: which entity should be responsible for categorizing countries into "despotic" and "not despotic"? Let's take Cambridge MA's Central Square station as an example. It's walking distance to a lot of jobs, supermarkets, parks, entertainment, etc. It has the Red Line to downtown Boston every ~3min on peak and ~6min off peak. It has multiple busy bus routes radiating out. It's not the best transit in the world, but it's easily a place you can live without a car. We should allow people to build housing without also building parking in places with transit at least this good. Are workers compensated in proportion to the length of their commute? Is the company able to tell workers how to manage their commute? By "100 millionaires and billionaires" they meant "people with $1XXM or $XB". Not a clear phrasing, though! Here's a better search link: top stories this month mentioning HK: https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=pastMonth&page=0&prefix=tr... This one is the top story, but "Apple Hides Taiwan Flag in Hong Kong", "Hong Kong protest safety app banned from iOS store", "Protester shot in chest by live police round during Hong Kong protests", and others all got substantial attention. I like pbcopy, but it doesn't work when ssh'd somewhere Can tmux do focus-follows-mouse for selecting between panes? (Last time I looked into it this wasn't possible) > A taxpayer does not have receipt of cryptocurrency when the airdrop is recorded on the distributed ledger if the taxpayer is not able to exercise dominion and control over the cryptocurrency. For example, a taxpayer does not have dominion and control if the address to which the cryptocurrency is airdropped is contained in a wallet managed through a cryptocurrency exchange and the cryptocurrency exchange does not support the newly-created cryptocurrency such that the airdropped cryptocurrency is not immediately credited to the taxpayer’s account at the cryptocurrency exchange. If the taxpayer later acquires the ability to transfer, sell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of the cryptocurrency, the taxpayer is treated as receiving the cryptocurrency at that time. So you would not owe tax until they supported it (if at some point they do). Whether it's theft isn't a matter for the tax agency. Yes, but I strongly prefer for focus to follow the mouse What do you need to do for focus to follow the mouse pointer's movement? It doesn't seem to work like that out of the box, and the only settings I've found require clicking. Personal preference? I have always liked FFM, and while I like the keyboard for many things I find it much more awkward than the mouse for selecting among many (10+) terminals tiling the screen. (I don't want overlapping windows for anything, never have, and am still sad I can't get OS-wide FFM on a mac.) It's neat that "remove the lowest information portions of the image" is a great proxy for "remove the parts a human thinks are least relevant". Though it would probably work poorly for a picture of some people in a forest. The math equivalent of a negative result would be more like "I tried for months to prove this theorem, and it didn't work". The difference is that in math "here is a proof" is all you need, while in sciences people are typically sharing what amounts to collections of observations. If you publish the collections that lead to interesting conclusions, but not the ones that are boring, people looking at what's been published are misled. > not even other teams within Google are allowed to override that functionality Isn't that how things should work? If other teams within Google had a special way to override autocomplete wouldn't that be worse? (Disclosure: I work at Google) The standard says "SHOULD", not "MUST". (Disclosure: I work for Google) The "should" is in the spec's description of how to interpret "off": "When an element's autofill field name is 'off', the user agent should not remember the control's data, and should not offer past values to the user." I suspect it's hard to open one. Neighbors probably object. My parent was saying Chrome was not compliant with the spec, but SHOULD directives are not mandatory and a User Agent may decide that it would be a worse experience for users to follow them. Chrome is claiming that enough developers have marked fields as autocomplete=off in user-hostile ways that it shouldn't be respected, while many people here are making the case that conflicts with site-provided autocomplete and other issues push the other direction. That's how to have this discussion, not by pretending this SHOULD is a MUST. (I don't work on Chrome and don't know any Google-internal anything about this) If a browser offered a user a way to edit immutable fields, or blocked users from editing mutable fields, the discussion should be "is whatever reason they're doing this for strong enough to outweigh the presumption that following the web developer's request is the right thing to do". Not "the spec prohibits it, no matter how good your reason may be". For example, you can use the browser's devtools to edit an immutable field, because "allowing someone to develop the site" is a strong enough reason. My experience is people generally do different things when it's out of interest. More going deep on whatever their passion is, less of everything else. So you get ugly sites with interesting essays, or beautiful data visualization but no text for search engines to use to know to send people to the page. I really liked https://srconstantin.wordpress.com/2019/07/20/the-costs-of-r... on this. I also think (though don't have the numbers) that there are many more hobby sites now than there were in, say, 1995, because the whole web is so much bigger. They're just far smaller portion of what you're likely to encounter. 500M minutes is 8.3M hr. Full-time is 2080hr/y, so ~4,000 people. Separately, your time estimates are much too low. It sounds like you're talking about relative numbers, and I have no disagreement there, but I'm talking about absolute numbers. There just weren't that many people online in 1995, so even a large fraction then can easily be less than a very small fraction now. I know lots of people with websites (ex: my own, https://jefftk.com ) and a lot of this is it's so much easier and cheaper now. You don't have to be a sysadmin or be friends with one, domains cost 10x less than they used to, many more people have internet access, etc. > When was the last time you saw real, true, honest content, without an agenda, without cat videos, without selfies, on a modern content silo? I think it depends a lot who your friends are, what subcultures you're in, and how you choose who to follow. My Facebook feed is mostly my friends talking about interesting things and I like it a lot. My Neighbor Totoro would be great at 2.5 I have a group I still care about. Here's how I'm archiving it: git clone git@github.com:andrewferguson/YahooGroups-Archiver.git python archive_group.py See https://github.com/andrewferguson/YahooGroups-Archiver and https://www.archiveteam.org/index.php?title=Yahoo!_Groups Deleting it is one option, but another is teaching FB to show you posts by friends who have more interesting things to say. This has worked well for me, though I also expect it depends on your friends and how they use FB. > was it ever under discussion to simply fill in the Fort Point Channel completely? At the end of the linked post I reference an earlier post of mine where I propose filling in the channel: https://www.jefftk.com/p/fill-in-fort-point-channel If you buy cheap land, build a subway out to it, and now the land is worth more, what should happen to your land value tax? (I talked about this some in https://www.jefftk.com/p/land-value-taxes-are-distortionary , which I probably should have linked from the article) (author here) I'm also strongly in favor of abolishing the restrictive zoning that prohibits building up, but in many ways it's less politically practical to increase density in built-out areas than build new dense areas. If we don't use small amounts of land close to cities to build new housing we'll continue with our default of using large amounts of land far from cities. This destroys more of the environment, pollutes with more driving, and wastes more time commuting. (author here) Building up is already strongly incentivised: new units would sell for far above the costs of construction. But NIMYS use zoning and other restrictions to prevent it. I'm strongly in favor of fixing this, but building dense housing in places with no neighbors is another way to approach the problem. Dikes would also work much better in the Bay than in Boston because the perimeter to area is better. I'm very much not proposing building single-family units. See the discussion about density starting at "Wait, how many people are you saying would live there?" Seismographs have time on the X axis and magnitude on the Y. This one wraps the X axis so each line across the paper is 15min. I wrote up some instructions on using YahooGroups-Archiver and dealing with the kinds of failures I've seen with it: https://www.jefftk.com/p/archiving-yahoo-groups > If you draw a straight line from San Francisco to Amsterdam you will cross Iceland. Simple Analytics has most customers from the US and Europe, so it makes sense to pick this geographical location. This doesn't make sense. The normal way to do this is to terminate connections close to the users, in this case running a server in (or near) the US and a server in (or near) Europe. You don't have to pick a single point that's optimal for all users. But if you are going to pick a single point, Iceland is not the point to pick. Connections don't follow great circle distance, they follow cables, and Iceland primarily connects via Europe. Have a look at https://www.submarinecablemap.com/ and you'll see that the only connection West from Iceland takes an indirect route via Greenland. If you run pings from SF to Amsterdam you'll see lower latencies than SF to Iceland. If the law prohibits 256 axles, it should really prohibit any multiple of 256. A 512-axle train would similarly be erroneously detected as having zero axles. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_trains gives 180 cars for the US, and longer for Australia, Brazil, and others. Cars can also have more than four axles; at the extreme you have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schnabel_car But yes, this is probably not an issue in Europe. Which brand did you check? If the disparity is really as high as 1¢ vs $4 then my guess is the brand is sending cease-and-desist letters to people who advertise on their trademark. (Disclosure: I work at Google, but not on search ads. This is coming from my experience buying search ads pre-Google) I don't know what the law is here, but we used to respect the letters Your link is about GEICO suing Google for trademark infringement, while I'm talking about a situation where GEICO threatens to sue a competitor. I completely agree that this is better than nothing and some sort or ranking would be good, and that IRV is not great. But Borda count is vulnerable to very bad tactical voting. People will put candidates who "can't win" above people who they like better but don't want to win. And when this goes wrong you'll have people elected who no one wants. See this chart, showing that fully tactical Borda is abysmal : http://electionscience.github.io/vse-sim/vse.html (from http://electionscience.github.io/vse-sim/VSE/ ) If we're going to do rankings we should use something that meets the Condorcet criterion, but overall I think Approval is probably the best for its simplicity. A resource I like: https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/D6trAzh6DApKPhbv4/a-voting-t... > But also it gives voters the option to actually vote for whom they want to vote for instead of who they think will win. You already have the option to vote for who you want to vote for in "first past the post", you just might get an outcome you don't like very much... IRV and every other voting system is the same way: you can vote your heart, but you'll get an outcome you prefer more often if you vote tactically. There's even a theorem: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibbard–Satterthwaite_theorem For the specific case of IRV, consider an election like: * 32% of people: Clinton, Sanders, Trump * 33% of people: Sanders, Trump, Clinton * 35% of people: Trump, Clinton, Sanders Now, this is a terrible election and there's no clear winner because people's preferences point around in a circle. Under traditional voting Trump wins, while under IRV Clinton is eliminated and Sanders wins. But if a few people preferring Trump > Clinton > Sanders had instead voted just Clinton > Trump > Sanders we could have had: * 32% of people: Clinton, Sanders, Trump * 33% of people: Sanders, Trump, Clinton * 32% of people: Trump, Clinton, Sanders * 3% of people: Clinton, Trump, Sanders Then Trump would have been eliminated first, with only 32% of the first place votes, and his second place votes would have gone to Clinton, making her win. So by voting for a candidate they liked less, these voters got an outcome they liked more. > I’ve never seen a third candidate who didn’t benefit the incumbent This is probably an effect of the current voting system. The proposal here is to change the voting system, which will make third-party candidates less spoiler-y. > all? All: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibbard–Satterthwaite_theorem Could you clarify? I'm not sure what you're objecting to. Voter Satisfaction Efficiency ( http://electionscience.github.io/vse-sim/VSE/ ) is another way of looking at different options, and IRV compares very poorly by it When voters are all arranged on a single primary axis it doesn't happen, but when voters care about multiple axes at once (ex: socially liberal / conservative + economically liberal / conservative) it's relatively common. One well-known and widely discussed case is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_Burlington_mayoral_electi... > IRV may not be perfect, but it is heaps better than the current system. This is probably not true. If you look at Voter Satisfaction Efficiency [1] if people are voting tactically then IRV actually does worse than the current system. Approval voting is much more robust, and does very well even when people vote tactically. [1] http://electionscience.github.io/vse-sim/VSE/ Even if 70% of people Bullet vote Approval still has a very high Voter Satisfaction Efficiency. Its simplicity makes it very robust to tactical voting. For what it's worth the people behind VSE primarily advocate for Approval Voting: its very simple while performing almost as well as much more complex systems This is a very easy mistake to make: you configure your cache keys in one place, and process requests in another. With nothing linking them it's not at all surprising for them to be out of sync. As for whether it requires it's on domain, domains are cheap and publicity gets people to pay attention to problems and fix them. > when using HTTPS isn't the method encrypted? We're talking about caching proxies run by sites. These terminate SSL and work in the clear, because their whole job is to take the response one user got and efficiently distribute it to all the other users who want the same thing. How is the post anti-Trump? You're putting pressure on the norm that organizations should be sharing this sort of thing. If the norm were strong, the pressure wouldn't keep people from sharing similar things in the future. But since the norm is weaker we need to be careful to nourish it, not pushing it harder than it can stand. (I wrote more about this: https://www.jefftk.com/p/responsible-transparency-consumptio... ) Do you think it's a problem that food is priced?