I'd speculate that anyone "political" enough to be elected to the legislature at the tender age of 25 will never be able to step outside the mentally-crippling assumptions of the total-services state. Note the unrecognized contradiction between "the state should provide this service and provide it well" and "when I was in charge of things for the state, the LAST thing I or any of my colleagues cared about was providing this service". In the USA, technologically unnecessary government regulation of the wireless spectrum is the only reason the wires confer any sort of monopoly. If the FCC didn't exist, we wouldn't all be forced to use 1940s tech on all non-wifi bands, and our local loop to our ISP would be wireless, fast, and effectively free. Instead, we have Ma Bell, Part II. I don't see how an evil corporation could have brought about such a situation without the enthusiastic assistance of the state. To confirm my understanding, would the erroneous line from the comment above be rewritten like: button.onclick = obj.func.bind(obj); So un-DRY! It's almost admirable, how blatant a hack this is. Not yet. Other than reference materials and favorites "worth rereading", shouldn't most of the books in one's possession be those one hasn't yet read? When you're done with it pass it on to the next reader! Well that's how it works for physical books; I'm not sure about electronic ones. No, it doesn't. Presumably the parent is describing a situation in which a temporary guest wouldn't receive a physical key at any time, but would have temporary access through the app. Why can't there be more than one school serving a particular area? Does the mere existence of charter/private/parochial in a community undermine that community's public school? Why would that be so? Education is far from the only service industry for which there is no silver bullet. Other such industries function by fostering expertise at management levels in addition to the "work" level, but always leaving the final decision in the hands of the consumer. On the other hand, USA public education takes no consumer input at all, and it's crap. The reason we continue to attempt doomed one-size-fits-all strategies (and really, always using a single poor tactic is poor strategy, despite what we think we may know) is because we intentionally ignore the primary input that helps other industries regulate quality. I actually don't think teachers as a whole are that bad (of course there are individual exceptions), but the management/administration of USA public education is abysmal. If most current administrators were actually responsible for firing underperformers while recruiting talented new teachers, they would fail miserably at those tasks. I'm all in favor of teacher autonomy when we have sufficient public vouchers and other similar mechanisms in place to guarantee parental choice as well. "Some students might have many great teachers and be in a position where school is very positive for them." I've never met anyone who said this about her public high school education. In university, many people said this about their educations in private schools, so I assume such a positive experience is possible. I'm convinced it's rare in public-funded secondary schools in the USA. The best solution to this unfairness is to give everyone a choice in which school their children attend, by instituting publicly-funded vouchers for every student. I have strong opinions about dining and auto repair (I'm neither a particularly noteworthy chef nor mechanic). Others have strong opinions about health care, hair-styling, home remodeling, child care, legal representation, or any of hundreds of other widely available services. Somehow we have a system in place that allows expert service providers to consider all of our opinions so as to provide satisfying service. It would be great if something similar existed for education. Students certainly benefit from interaction with slightly stronger students, regardless of absolute academic strength. The most able student in any class is unlikely to actually learn much, but let's stipulate that we don't care about her needs. I still don't agree that any student benefits from sharing a class with others who are far more advanced. It's not like they're somehow going to catch up (rare exceptions exist, but clearly the system isn't about rare exceptions). Not everyone should be groomed to go $10k in debt for 1.5 years of college, or worse, $50k in debt for a degree that will never pay for itself. We need alternatives to this path for those who are never going to write a convincing essay or calculate a derivative (here we shouldn't just criticize the education establishment; the business community should be creating better opportunities as well). Public schools benefit much less from economies of scale than their administrators, architects, and accountants (who do so benefit) would have us believe. This is why one of the most effective public-only reforms is to break up large schools into smaller ones. The principals don't have any army of vice-principals behind whom to hide, and there is some accountability for what happens in class. Very few charter, private, or parochial schools ever become the behemoths that public schools are, and few of the parents and students who choose them would want them to. I agree that students with special challenges should have commensurately larger vouchers they can take with them to whatever school their parents judge to be the best for them. It's hard to imagine that alternative schools would do worse for those with IEPs than most public schools do. "buy a fucking pump" I suspect this is good advice, but the image that popped into my head was an elevated generator, a ground-level tank, and an electric pump reliant on either mains or generator power. "It's always worked during our monthly tests!" Whoops! Probably the elevated generator should be installed with at least a small gravity-fed tank, easily refilled once the pump is operating. I doubt anyone wants a giant fuel depot anywhere inside or on the roof of the building. Keep in mind that for heights taller than 3 floors (and practically, the limit is shorter than that), pumps have to be located on the same level as the fuel supply because the atmospheric column only has so much mass. Pumps and their electrical inputs should probably be installed with waterproofing if flooding is considered likely. This is reminiscent of what happened at Fukushima Daiichi, although with less dire consequences. The Akin fiasco was modern Republican egotism and political incompetence in a nutshell. To start with the primary: Steelman is a serial officeholder too scared to challenge the incumbent Democrat Nixon for governor, who ran basically because she thought it was her turn in the Senate. Brunner is a rich dude who enjoys buying things. Akin is an "evangelical" Christian who visits lots of different churches. Also there were various cranks. If there were a core group of republican leaders in this state (rather than just a bunch of tired old emeriti angling for lobbyist gigs), they would have recognized that the evangelical vote was going to Akin. It's not as though he's an unknown quantity; he's been representing the same dozy safely-gerrymandered suburbs of St. Louis for decades. So they would know what a tool he is, and they would have known they had to get all the moderates voting for the same candidate in order not to be saddled with Akin in the general election. Which, since they have no way of influencing Brunner, would mean that Steelman would have been urged to step aside. She could have stepped into some committee appointment, or kept lobbying, or whatever, but she would have been taken care of by the establishment. Next time around, it could have been her "turn" again. Nothing like that occurred of course. Perhaps they thought McCaskill could have been beaten by anyone, and they wanted to prove it by nominating the dumbest guy they could find. If so they've been listening to Rush too much. McCaskill is not the pwog extremist they'd like to paint her as. As she bragged in her ads, she got the perfectly moderate score of "50" among Senators. If she had been running in 2010, Akin might have had a chance even with his rude comments, but in the quadrennial general election you can't just take the piss. Obama has coattails in St. Louis and Kansas City. McCaskill isn't as dumb as we all thought either. She actually ran ads during the Republican primary supporting Akin as the "True Conservative Choice". She did so openly, and all the Bible-thumpers thought she was trying to trick them with reverse psychology. I guess her checkerboard has more dimensions than theirs. And then within a week after the primary Akin spouted all that voodoo-illiterate-snake-handler let-me-tell-you-about-legitimate-rape nonsense. Why on earth is any Republican candidate ever allowed to answer a question about rape? Why do they ever utter anything besides "rape is terrible, and I'm against it 100%"? There are no upsides to answering that question! At that point the national Republican machine noticed what a hash of things their chums in Missouri had made. I'm sure they tried to buy off Akin, much as the state folks should have tried to buy off Steelman earlier. In Akin's case, the offer would have had to have been much sweeter, not least because he's much less rational: a national post in a potential Romney administration plus the promise of really sweet lobby dollars for him (they could have hit up Brunner for some of this) while he stayed in the House and an office on K Street after he left it. I'm not sure if they didn't offer a big enough bribe, or if Akin was too dumb and prideful (pride is ever the evangelicals' favorite deadly sin) not to take it, but the deal didn't get done. It didn't help that all the local Republican bigwigs, even those not up for reelection, immediately jumped on the airwaves to deplore Akin as soon as they possibly could. You can trick, buy, or even (rarely) reason with an evangelical, but you can't bully one. As soon as the rustics in the Ozarks heard that fancypants Danforth was trying to overrule the voters' choice for nominee, the phones in every political office in the state lit up. At that point it was too easy for Akin to fool himself. After all, he's a believer. So, this is the Republican Party. I still vote for them occasionally, and if I lived in a Blue state I probably would do so more often. Mostly I'm really bummed Johnson only got 1% this time around. "don't stand a chance" I didn't actually expect Johnson to win. The majority of voters don't support peace and freedom at this time, so I didn't expect them to vote for those things this time. However, I had hoped that a better showing by Johnson would prompt more voters to at least consider the possibility of peace and freedom, and that that consideration could inform their votes next time. "the idiocy of the electoral college" One might think the case for this proposition is obvious, but it's not. The electoral college effectively prevents having a recount in every state and every precinct any time the popular vote is close. Only when the electoral count is close and the popular vote of some state is also close will we have a recount, with all of its inherent confusion and lawsuits. I'm glad we have an institution that prevents recounts in most elections. What other institution would you propose, or do you see no problem with recounts? A single GFCI outlet on a circuit protects all outlets on that circuit: it will interrupt the circuit on a ground fault at any outlet wired in parallel. It is customary if not universal for the GFCI outlet to be closest to either the entrance to the room or the sink (often both). In such a case the fact that the outlet nearest the toilet doesn't appear to be a special GFCI receptacle isn't actually a problem. This is an important correction; I upvoted. However, it does confirm that the normal outlet by the toilet, protected as it is by the single GFCI outlet in the restroom (assuming the electrician wasn't as foolish as I was above) doesn't need to be replaced by a new GFCI outlet in order to plug in a fancy toilet seat. It's silly to provide a "read an excerpt" link that is just the generic intro-to-this-book copy that's approximately reproduced on the page that contains said link. "Hackers like to optimize things." Gee, thanks for that. Excerpts should be meaty: show me what's going on in the third section of chapter 6. I may not understand all the prerequisites, but I can at least judge whether anything is actually happening in this book, before I give you money. Some people frame the gov't-vs-corp question as one of trust, which it certainly is. If we really thought about it, however, we might find that we're more motivated by the feeling (not the fact!) of agency. If you write lots of letters to your reps and attend lots of city council meetings, you probably feel more agency in dealing with the government. If you spend lots of money and change vendors often, you probably feel more agency in dealing with "private" corporations. Some of us might not experience much agency in our day-to-day lives, but still be tempted to choose one or both scenarios as a pleasant imaginative exercise. I suspect that much of the agency we feel in our dealings with both of these groups is illusory, perhaps inspired by a conditioning to approve of the broad basket of behaviors they were going to exhibit anyway. Even more imaginary, however, may be the thought that a strong embedding in a peer-regulating group will give us more agency. Humans had that arrangement for thousands of years, but most recent (last few centuries anyway) changes in society have undermined it. Society is the sum of choices we all make, and we don't seem to be returning to the village green. This statement might be correct (although I've never seen any evidence to support it), but it's still misleading because "forward the packet" is always going to require fewer resources than "read the packet, parse it using this set of algos, use the parse results to search your DB of shit you want to fuck with, optionally fuck with the packet, optionally forward the packet". An exception to this would be if you have big iron on the edge that protects resource-poor interior nodes. This situation is unavoidable sometimes (DDOS), but it's not what anyone should aim for. Historically the ITU was a forum through which Ma Bell marketed her switching equipment to national phone companies outside North America. Presumably this is more of the same, except Ma Bell was divested of most equipment manufacturing and it's all IP now so other companies (USA, Japan, Germany, with a few others) are driving. The capacity for spying on and shaping the internet use of customers/subjects is appealing for many decision-makers. Among "first world" nations, we probably shouldn't discount the persuasiveness of the various American TLAs with their various evil projects. Don't you want your national constabulary to buy the same crap the DHS buys? I suspect that if all of this was for reasonable network maintenance then the ITU wouldn't need to be involved. The equipment manufacturers have the researchers; they don't need the ITU to tell them how to shut down open mail relays. What makes me less concerned about these proceedings is that all this is happening anyway, whether we're told or not. Yes Virginia, there are bad people in the world, and some of them run phone companies, while others spy on the citizens who pay their salaries. Eventually they'll all be routed around, and we have encryption anyway. Sure key management is hard, but if your opponent controls national network operators then you'll use something better than TLS. I have several responses: A) this is probably true to an extent. B) slurping everything to disk is impractical, and no one has that much storage, so you're back to parsing and deciding at the boundary. This "leisure" time doesn't ever happen when you save everything all the time. C) this point seems to contradict the various claims of reasonable network maintenance I've seen; if it's trash you want to drop, you want to drop it on the floor not on your disk. If you're keeping actual traffic rather than just summaries of traffic, you're not doing reasonable network maintenance. > inevitably will have users who don't spend the karma they gain and so become karma sinks. This doesn't seem like a problem to me. A karma sink is a connectivity source. Surely we're trying to optimize for the latter quantity? If it makes you feel bad you can give away prizes or something. I'm not a mobile app dev, but I could have sworn that I'd heard until recently that no one made money from this stuff. Obviously this article implies that many people are like that, but it also seems to imply that there is a transition area -- a middle tail if you will -- in which independent devs can make money without becoming Zynga or Rovio. Someone should buy a Naris and let hackers start hammering on it. The delivery vector for any malware developed would be trivial. Just send it in an email to someone in the USA. Hi NSA! If you find similar coverage elsewhere please link it. In the meantime I'm glad RT is on this. And please distinguish between the long-term goals and values of the USA and the craven personal interests of its present rulers. In pieces I've read and seen from RT, they've often honored the former while excoriating the latter. Which is something I wish an American news source could do. I'll know it's possible as soon as I see a single example. Yeah it probably isn't cheap. If motivated enough, however, somebody like EFF or WikiLeaks could co-opt enough officials in a third-party nation (Ecuador, perhaps?) to purchase the service. "National security classified" has never stopped Boeing from selling cut-rate, not-latest-generation tech to other nations before. After all, their pals who want to work for them upon "retirement" from the military decide what's classified. Probably the service wouldn't come with a complete ruleset, but it would come with consulting, from the same people who helped develop the initial USA ruleset. Also, the system is probably optimized for the use of its largest customer. Failing that, you might be able to enlist the help of some of the APT folks who've been downloading all the F-35 plans. Why would we expect Boeing's network to be more secure than Lockheed's? If one were really patient and as immoral as the NSA, one could start moving around a lot of fabricated-but-plausible evidence against USA citizens for national security-type crimes, and then paying special attention to federal prosecution notices. If you noticed which manufactured "evidence" turned up most often, you'd be able to run a kind of oracle attack by fine-tuning for what got prosecuted the most. In addition, many of these framed citizens would be so obviously innocent that even our debased court system would acquit. This would undermine the perceived accuracy of this fancy expensive system. After federal prosecutors look foolish a couple of times when relying on super-secret we-can't-tell-you-where-we-got-this surveillance data, word will get around. However it's done, if someone figured out how to characterize which packets get saved (I still refuse to believe they're saving every packet sent in the USA), one could generate many such packets, which could be obviously bogus upon inspection but enough to fool the initial analyzer. That's a DOS right there. Just throwing out some ideas. I'm sure you smart guys have already thought of all this. This cannibalization argument is the same reason that Henry Ford only sold black cars. Car companies didn't (actually, if you go back long enough ago, they did, but they're over it now) have to transform their company and manufacturing processes in radical ways when they began offering both types of fuel, any more than had to when they began offering multiple cylinder displacement options (2.0L, 454cc, etc.) Diesel and gas engines both require fuel systems, radiators, alternators, air intakes, exhaust pipes with mufflers, transmissions, etc. It is actually possible (although not always easy) to just replace one type of engine with the other in a user-owned car, so much more in the factory. It is quite another thing to rip out everything involved in the motive function, except the axles, wheels, and tires. If BMW wait too long to start the process, they won't get the results to a BMW quality level for many years. They'll have to decide whether they want to saddle the brand image with crappy electrical cars or if they'd prefer to sell their crappy electrical cars with a low-prestige marque. The "gun" narrative, in addition to being literally true, also has the rhetorical advantage of emotionally short-circuiting many people of a particular ideological bent. While you fume about being explicitly associated with the violent force that implicitly enables your everyday actions, you're unable to reply in a fashion that will convince the majority of people who don't have irrational ideas about guns. (I don't necessarily mean "you" literally, but surely we've seen enough guns-r-bad silliness online to know that it exists.) It's apparent to me that there will be multiple ways of "generating new karma". Don't all of these devices come with a certain amount built in? If that's not enough (e.g. once most consumers who would buy one have already done so) then people who find themselves short can buy some more with actual money, or devices that are online can "farm" karma at a certain rate, or whatever. It's not difficult for the mint to print more money. What was "over the top" about the linked piece? It's got to be the most even-tempered thing I've ever read from RMS. Did you actually read TFA before posting this comment? Interesting. It seems like he also might have wanted to try a generator expression for the "throw away the list" case. You can always wrap a generator expression with max() or any() or something similar to trigger the iteration. You'd at least be avoiding the "LIST_APPEND" bytecode. With the additional function call I'm not sure the generator expression would be better, but I must admit that in my own code I'm pretty anal about converting all list comps to gen exps that I possibly can. Wow, scrolling down from that article was a hilarious reminder how much more cogent HN comments tend to be than any other comments on the interwebs. "Grrr! USPTO is mean to Apple! How dare they! I'm mad!" Etc. Sure, but it's less expensive to store and maintain a single boolean value than a potentially-huge list. That's sort of the point of any(), sum(), or any other builtin that takes an iterable. This reminds me of reduce functions in MapReduce: if they return variable-sized objects they'll blow up. As others suggest I'm probably all wet about savings vs. a simple loop because of instantiation etc. And I don't think I'd ever use expressions like these merely for their side effects. I do expect that at a certain problem size the cumulative costs of building the list in a list comp will swamp the generator instantiation costs of gen exps consumed by iterator-friendly functions. From that discussion it seems that not much of this system was usable at that time. Fortunately it appears more complete now. He got his thesis done too. If you'll forgive my pedantry, I think doubling is traditionally described as "100%" growth, not "200%". "Any company that cannot discover an intrusion for a year sufficiently knows neither themselves, nor their enemy, and is not in a strong position to win a battle by going on the offensive against them." Well that makes sense. If you've been pwned, it's likely that there are many aspects of the situation you don't understand, even after you realize the fact of your pwnage. Who can say that your "offensive" actions aren't exactly what your opponent desires, as he has led you to take part in his attacks on other victims? Do you consent that those victims "hack back" against your assets in response to your misguided actions? It seems like we've heard about this sort of tactic for some time. It's like many other proposed IT "solutions" in that it's much easier to market than to provide. Remove the '/' from the end of the link. "...even if the gyros stop..." Except gyros don't... stop. Sure, they require regular torque input to maintain constant angular velocity. However, they're typically constructed with all their considerable mass at the rim, so they have very high angular momentum. If power to the gyros fails for some reason, they will continue to spin, and continue to regulate balance, for quite some time. Certainly long enough to pull to the side of the road and deploy the kickstands. It would be good engineering to tie some sort of gyro power failsafe into motive power and some sort of driver alert system, if it weren't even better engineering to just tie both of the "redundant" (I suspect that two horizontal gyros act to cancel any unwanted yaw torque that one would create by itself) gyros directly to accessory power. If the key is on, the gyros are either starting to spin or are spinning at normal speed. Like with any other vehicle, if you lose power at high speed, coast to a stop at the side of the road. At that point perhaps there is a non-powered mechanism to extend the kickstands? I didn't downvote you, but it is physically impossible for spinning gyros, with their massive angular momentum, to suddenly stop without a sudden massive impulse of countervailing torque. Barring catastrophic (i.e. the driver is already dead) damage to the vehicle, there is no mechanism that can apply such torque. I thought it was a joke. I kind of agree on the advance notice, but then again what excuse does anybody have anymore for not delivering IMAP over SSL? (If you're talking about a personal server, why not either a) forward to gmail or b) update your MX records to point at gmail?) Is it any better for all affected users to have to 1) figure out what this fingerprint is and enter it and then 2) individually update the fingerprint every time the cert changes, after they figure out that's why they're not getting any email through this particular provider any more? Isn't it easier from Google's perspective to just say "you can't do this" than deal with those complications? Isn't GPS supposed to be a military technology? Maybe there's something they're not telling us about how they really use GPS. However, I'm not reassured by the wartime durability of any tech that must be protected from all interference while at peace. Not that we actually have any real enemies anymore (rustic Muslim goat-and-flammable-underwear aficionados are more dangerous than the Axis powers were, really?), but if we did why would they obey the FCC? The consensus in this discussion seems to be that Google should just allow each mail user to enter a cert (or hash thereof) for each self-signed mail server they're polling. And then each user would need to update each cert every time it changed, or the IP address changed, or whatever. But first the user would need to notice the change, which might not be easy if that email address was low-traffic. (I'm assuming we're not talking about user-controlled servers, because in such a case why not just forward?) Who would want to get a notice every time the mail server had the wrong credentials? If it's a short-term thing the user can't do anything about it. If it's a long-term thing the user might be able to do something, or she might not. She'll probably just conclude "Gmail is broken", when in fact it is the upstream server that can't be arsed to buy a usable cert and take part in the (admittedly imperfect) CA PKI. Instead they'd like the user to take part in some ad hoc PKI that they'd like Google to set up for them. Are users less likely to screw up cert management than service providers? In general, making the user do work that the service provider could do is a bad smell. This would be a giant can of worms. This scheme is not something that any other webmail provider does, and there could be security flaws that haven't occurred to us. This service would only be usable by the minority of users who can understand most of the comments on this page. Google would be blamed when things went wrong, rather than the self-signing mail servers who deserve the blame. Credit to Google for avoiding such a morass. I wonder if pg and Yegge have a similar response in the works? It seemed like HN was more interested in the theme of TMH than the accurate portrayal of the names he dropped, which really surprised me with respect to pg. Articles like this which simply report the impressions of various eyewitnesses are interesting. It was a fluid situation, evidenced by some teachers barricading students into their room (good planning; I'm sure this is standard policy for gunshots) while others were directed by police to run for a more secure location. (This last seems pretty sketchy for kindergartners: would they have any idea what or where the firehouse is, and could they be expected to run as a group without losing stragglers with only a single teacher supervising?) There are definitely cheaper ways to get SSL. The simplest might be a CloudFlare Pro account, since you won't have to migrate to a different host. (It wasn't clear how much of the $99 WPE charge was hosting and how much was an SSL surcharge. It's my impression that these surcharges vary quite a bit.) Of course the "security" to which CIOs refer is not DLP or anything cool like that (I'm not implying that DLP works, only that it's cool) but rather their own job security. IT is a cost center, and CIOs only survive when they can account their costs to other parts of the business. If e.g. marketing, sales, and accounting can honestly say they don't need anything that IT is providing, IT might not be around much longer. From an actual security standpoint, it makes sense to really evaluate how secret your data need to be, and then set up an infrastructure to support that. Individual customer demographic data should be absolutely secret, but that doesn't just mean that marketing people shouldn't upload it to Dropbox so it's easier to pull into their abominable Access DB. That means that the only people who ever see it are CSRs while they're actually talking to the customer. Then IT can add value by isolating CSR desktops on their own 802.1X-secured wired network, while providing a more open network for their other work, and encouraging a shred-all-post-it-notes policy. I think IT can make legitimate security arguments, but these can't start with "gosh Dropbox is terrible!" Dropbox and other cloud services are used because they are useful. Rather than depriving the individual employee of useful services, find services the business as a whole needs but doesn't realize it needs. I don't think Google would be too interested in providing that service, but I don't see why someone else couldn't do it. At some level though, a Google Docs that's restricted to the office or campus is strictly less useful than old-fashioned docs on your laptop's harddrive, edited by normal GUI editors. Would any user want to use that service? In general, I think you have start mistrusting employees more, though. If an employee can't be trusted not to attach rightfully-secret data to email without heroic IT efforts to prevent that scenario, maybe that employee can't be entrusted with the data period. The old "firewall" method of implicitly trusting everyone on staff with pretty much everything is quite inappropriate for most business situations. Just to clarify: are you more concerned about the Googlebot reading your documents to sell you consumer products than you are about employees attaching business or customer data to email or shared docs? Because I'm operating with a much different threat model. Email is not and never has been secure. It is sent in plaintext unsecured from one unauthenticated mail server to the next. The moment the user attaches data to an email the game is over and we have lost. Sensitive data must be kept in systems that are designed to store sensitive data, and which do not have a "forward to my gmail account" feature. That's how IT can be relevant: provide that system. You might prompt the business to reclassify some formerly sensitive data as rubbish they're allowed to play with, but then their fingerprints will be all over the corpse. Some people are going to be weirded out by this "retargeting" thing. I don't think it quite meets the level of something that privacy advocates can complain about, though. It's just an agreement from ad networks that they'll show your ads when they see your cookies in a request. Ad networks function by reading cookies, so if you accept their existence you accept the basic practice. This is just an interesting new wrinkle. If these other players could "build great mapping applications", I suspect some of them would have by now. Google really is in a class by itself here. Or a D.O.! But in general, physicians prefer the noun "physician" to "doctor". Surely we can find a better example of this supposedly widespread behavior than this. Reading that whole thread, it's clear that this Christopher guy hasn't even considered issues that are quite important to Ulrich and his collaborators. Then when his failure to consider is pointed out, instead of taking the lesson to heart he doubles down with unconvincing, unrelated arguments. That is "crap", and that's what Ulrich called it. Considering that > 90% of the people who witnessed said atrocities are no longer with us (and 100% don't read HN), the time for jokes has come at last. Actually there have been numerous humorous takes on WWII for decades now. In "jokes", people often state propositions that seem opposed to what we would hope they believe. Maybe you've been subjected to more complete DLP systems than I have, but email "within the organization" is not and never will be "secure". Every time I've seen customer demographic data emailed (although admittedly this hasn't been in the medical field), both the sender and the receiver have been employees (including myself) who weren't entitled to see that data. Organizations need to find more appropriate ways to collaborate, which don't needlessly expand the pool of people with access to sensitive data. You seem to trust a pool of 100 people, even if they have acronyms following their names, more than you trust a search engine, to not share data in legally negligent ways. That seems ill-advised to me. If the Googlebot were generating lawsuits for breach of privacy we would have heard about them. I don't think this sensitive customer data should be in Gmail, because I don't think it should be in any email system period. All deaths in the 1927 Kehoe Massacre were attributed to dynamite. Charles Whitman would have killed more in 1966 if he weren't hampered by return fire from armed civilians as well as police. I'm sure we're seeing some sample bias toward more recent events here as well. Firearm possession in elementary and secondary schools by anyone other than LEOs is prohibited by federal law. It's also true that violent crime in the USA has been falling for decades. Unfortunately I think this may be what we can expect from Coursera. If you're ready for it then it's great. (I've put Boneh's Crypto 1 in the top ten of courses I ever took.) But if you're not familiar with modular arithmetic then you're definitely not familiar with abstract algebra, in which case yeah you need to study that first. "an NP-but-non-P problem" Maybe I'm misunderstanding but if you had one of these you would have answered a fairly important question in CS theory. Perhaps you mean to say "NP-complete", but even then I'm not sure the proposition is correct. That is technology-dependent. Mercury-filled-cylinder delay lines took more energy than modern DRAM. We don't typically find gold in 1kg lumps. IIUC it is quite sparse even in the ore processed in gold mining. Surely running a bunch of connectors through an appropriate purification process would be cheaper than processing a similar volume of ore? If it's not, that tells us something too. I predict this will be the real killer app of self-assembling and -maintaining nanomachines: processing landfills into ingots of useful material. That's a pretty long range prediction however. Yeah, that's kind of what I was alluding to with my "that tells us something too" comment. We can't assume that markets are "efficient" in the general case, but we can say that there must be some point at which the ratio of the concentration of gold (or platinum, etc.) in landfills to that in mines will prove irresistible to someone talented enough to harvest it. Long before that point, recyclers will figure out which connectors they want to buy at a premium. They already are quite keen to purchase old catalytic converters. WRT letting nanomachines loose outside the landfill, I'm not actually as concerned about the "gray goo" scenario as some are. It has seldom been a problem in other engineering endeavors that mechanisms have required too little maintenance, and so in a sense all of our machines face an uphill battle. One could probably make a thermodynamic argument that a given volume of soil contains only so much potential energy, and then calculate how much gold can be moved with that. Then "if the gold concentration is below this value, do nothing" could be a good safety rule to design in. Précis: Americans are moving their residence less than they used to, and those who are moving are going shorter distances. We don't know why this is, so we're going to say that it's because Americans don't want to move as much as they used to. Too bad they won't do a study of how useless the entire TSA is. It wouldn't be hard: just randomly choose a group of airports that are allowed to go back to the previous model of private inspectors hired by the airlines. For every year that goes by with the experimental group of airports having better financial results, better security, smoother operation, and fewer passenger hardships, a few more airports will win the lottery and be allowed into the experimental group. Eventually the TSA will be studied out of existence. If you define security as "how many commercial airplanes have been flown into tall buildings", you're probably right. However, I'd also like to include such measures as "how many items have been stolen by TSA agents from luggage", "how many times does the TSA violate its stated policies", "how many bins of 'potential explosive materials' are stockpiled at security checkpoints", "how many times do red-team tests result in missed dangerous items", etc. Really I think you could use any measure of security, even one picked out by TSA personnel, and the TSA as currently constituted would do worse than a private contractor reporting to the airlines. (Even if I'm wrong, wouldn't we want to know?) The important thing is that security must be balanced against the other things I mentioned: cost of the security program, indirect costs borne by airports and airlines, and passenger experience. From a societal perspective, we also have to weigh the costs associated with encouraging travelers to drive rather than fly. I suggest googling for "tsa theft"; if they're firing hundreds of people a year every year it isn't a negligible problem. But even if more is stolen by airline employees than by TSA agents, that isn't a defense of the TSA. We couldn't fly without the airlines; we flew for decades without the TSA. There is a pretty important caveat in the comments at LBTP: "Basic machine learning breaks down under an adaptive attacker." I think ML could be a valuable extra layer for some systems, but I don't see it either solving the problems of the password or serving as a second "factor". This is partly for analytic reasons: how does ML fit into the established hierarchy of crypto primitives like e.g. hashing, authenticated encryption, etc.? Also, people are still arguing that TLS is too slow to use on many sites, but I expect ML to be slower yet. Still it's nice to see original thought about authentication. I think you'd be better off aiming a bit lower. Raising $50k for something as prosaic as a board game seems too optimistic. Would it be possible to make cheaper game pieces? $0.25 for a small chunk of plastic seems excessive when you're manufacturing 40,000 of them. Although the pieces are beautiful: much better than tokens stamped out of a flat sheet and then printed. The $35/box paper costs seem high as well. You could actually just sell the pieces in a plastic bag and tell people to use their own chessboards. If you made a cheaper version to start you could always come out with a premium version later (and possibly make two sales to your really enthusiastic customers). But good on you for not skimping. If you reach your funding goal I don't see any reason you couldn't ship this product. Could you explain this statement? Do you mean that more people drive cars than use a particular app, or do you mean the opposite? Something else entirely? OK, so this is kind of old, and the prototypes look really cool, and the product name is cool. Apparently one can be a professional product designer or even a professor of product design without understanding basic probability. They identify 4 separate failure modes, and estimate probabilities of 15%, 20%, 25%, and 5%. By my math, if these failure modes are independent, this is a 51.55% chance of overall product failure. I suspect they overestimated the probabilities of each of these scenarios, except for the 5% "acts of god" estimate. Yeah you guys will be totally safe from the twin scourges of guns and playing cards if HN people like this vacation elsewhere. ...except in this case a complex custom algorithm will make the decompressor bigger which will count against your total size. > You will do what your clients require or go broke maintaining that POV Perhaps GP is in the enviable position of having vendors he can coerce into using his choice of teleconference tools. And maybe he's in a large enough organization that he can hide in Accounts Payable and not worry about Sales. Well, no, you're probably right. Anyone who speaks that categorically is insidiously anti-client enough to undermine the business no matter where he's hiding. You're sure that the way to appeal to people who don't like being bombarded with crap games is to offer them "quality" games? Maybe they don't like any games, or at least not on their social networks? Although I'm a fairly indifferent social network user, I can't imagine my use being affected by the quality of games on offer. The more compelling a game is, the greater a distraction from the other purposes of social networks it can be. It's not as though the popularity of Facebook (or MySpace, in its time) was based on the availability of "quality" games. I can't imagine any situation in which "quality" games would have been the silver bullet you're portraying here. They wouldn't have hurt (in fact they wouldn't hurt now should such an effort start even at this "late" date). There has to be more. Something like Hangouts, or maybe even the sort of Google Reader integration we've seen over the last year. (I'll stipulate that GR sucks, but it's still very popular and most of its users have been effectively forced onto G+ to some extent.) It appears from the outside that the manager who decided not to concentrate on games made the right decision. I have no opinion of Sᴧbtle, but I can't fault Curtis's conduct in this episode. He offered a completely valid critique of the antiquated web presence of a large and poorly-managed company. When he received a response from someone involved in the production process, he republished it w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶r̶e̶s̶p̶e̶c̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶c̶o̶r̶d̶i̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ [edit: OK that was a bit strong] cordially. It is unfortunate that someone lost a job in a knee-jerk corporate response to that candid exchange. Everyone likes to be employed, but I doubt even that UX person will admit to having lost a good job. I hope the next employer snapped up the person promptly, and I hope that the new organization is much less dysfunctional. Whatever the case, Curtis is responsible neither for the poor culture at AA nor for the erstwhile employee's poor anticipation of the probable response of that culture. In the meantime, I'll be unchecking "AA" on the sidebar of the Kayak site for the foreseeable future. once Google decided to do Games, it needed to do them right I don't see any support for this assertion. When was this decision taken? How many people were allocated to this "need" and for how long? Google has a vast services portfolio and a vast user base. Rather than spending cycles on a complicated area that is not a core competence, why not leverage the many services that people already use to drive interaction with G+? (Which is what Google has actually done, so far as I can tell from the outside.) To avoid setting up a new account, I found you can just hit the stop button after the main page loads but before the nag box appears. Which if anything makes this misfeature even more annoying. Thanks for the link. I hadn't seen this video before. It's really well done, and indeed is an original and convincing critique of the insufferable Twilight series. This sort of speech can only take place in a context of fair use. They had to show Ed's pasty mug so they could stake him. In all fairness, many people aren't going to want to watch, read, or associate themselves with Twilight after viewing this video. I think there is a real possibility that this maneuver could blow up in Liongate's face. Presumably there are some important decision-makers who take the argument for fair use seriously: that's why this dispute process exists in the first place. This video is an exemplar of what normal non-lawyer people would classify as fair use, if they're familiar with the concept at all. If Liongate's lawyers are willing to get in the mud over a few ad dollars (rather than the high-sounding crap we usually hear from the content industry), and they get their way, then clearly the system requires more protection for fair use. They might not have run this plan by all the suits at MPAA. >>Where are the panties in True & Co.’s business model? >You can't ship and return these items safely. Also it's not as though panties are as difficult as bras to purchase. T&C is trying to do the hard work; doing relatively unrelated easy work alongside that might be a distraction. TFA is a woman and all, but it's still tempting to consider her one of those 'old boy' industry stalwarts who are so afraid of disruption from outside that they can't imagine what it would look like. If she can find one, she should ask a travel agent what he thinks of "algorithms". [edit: formatting] I'm pretty sure that's not was what meant by GP. The story wasn't told so we would empathize with the shouting dad but so we'd be reminded of the son's situation. As in, you'd hire a bus driver? whoosh! This is a good story to know, just to motivate decision-makers to get the business on a no-indispensibles footing. It's more... vivid than the hit-by-a-bus scenario. If I might put on my amateur-analyst's hat, if your employee fucked your wife, there is a very good chance that he's been fucking you for much longer. A fresh-from-college hire might very well test his boss to see what he can get away with in the first few months on the job, especially if the employee plays the central business role described here. In many situations that youthful experimentation can be indulged, within reason. In this situation indulgence became pathological, and the employee was trapped in a cycle of escalating transgression. You have sown the wind with this employee. The second professional you should retain, after a lawyer (and indeed this will be a good lawyer's advice) is a private investigator. This guy has been robbing you. If this employee has access to business computers, that investigator should be skilled in forensic computer security. If the employee has access to the books, you'll need a forensic accountant. You might not be able to fire this guy for the ultimate transgression, but you'll definitely be able to fire him (and possibly refer him to prosecutors) for all the steps that led up to it. If your spirit is so broken by now that you can't contemplate the above then maybe you should just sell the business. It would be nice if you could keep the proceeds away from the ex, but that seems unlikely. I'm not disagreeing with you, but I'm curious: if this is a "commodity service", what competitors of BP would you recommend? I don't mean just some consultant: where can I go where the process will be similar, in that I don't have to talk to anyone and I don't have to hire anyone but I just have to enter my particulars and pay for what I want? I fear that as the practice of medicine is increasingly centralized and depersonalized, such quaint questions as "what would be cost-effective?" and "what would be good for the patient?" will be made increasingly irrelevant. The rest of the software industry should carefully consider this case before emulating the "lobbyists as salespeople" model. I'd like to see the next step, in which each iteration can run in parallel with each other iteration. The way this is done, the loop as a whole can run in parallel with unrelated code, but each iteration is only scheduled when the previous one runs. You could imagine requesting a different network resource on each iteration; in such a case the truly parallel loop would typically take much less time than this sequential-iteration loop. Someday soon, languages will make this very straightforward. I appreciate your experience (and it's good to learn that using these tools in the outpatient clinic didn't violate any regulations) but I don't think Phil is really suggesting Google Drive specifically here. He's suggesting instead that medical records should be more like a blank page (document) that physicians can fill in than e.g. a FoxPro app (dbms). Personally I think the "ideal" would fall somewhere in between. Physicians should probably be allowed to keep records however they like, but lives would be saved by the structure of a well-implemented [what a caveat!] digital checklist system. Another solution would be to have e.g. a "Completions" table indexed on user and on date. Then the RDBMS wouldn't allow duplicate goal completions for the same user and day. If you wanted to allow up to X completions/day, just add a new column to track that, and limit that column to the range [0, X). I often find that updating rows in response to transactions is a code smell. Each transaction should write one or more rows to one or more tables. Of course, if you have denormalized summary tables, they might have to update, but you only do that when you know you have to. Most families spend less than $1000/month on medical care, on average. Even for those that spend that much, presumably much of that pays physicians and nurses and buys drugs, rather than paying for IT. It would be difficult to sell e.g. Ford Motor Company on the idea that since people pay $25k for the average car, they should be happy to spend about $25k/customer on IT. The other things you "missed" seem oddly beside the point. Thanks for the explanation! I accept that healthcare is different than other industries, but even the lowest IT cost/month you cite seems exorbitant for a customer you're not billing on a regular basis (and many people can go decades without entering hospital). IT is a cost center, and this is just too much cost. It would be better if he had specifically promised not to share user tests with the general public in future. This almost feels like, "now I know I have to apologize when I share my users' private data, and in future I will apologize when I do that". I'm not really a fan of Norton's journalism, but the insinuation you've made here is execrable. You're a typical American, criticizing a victim of our judicial process rather than the evil prosecutors who distort it for their own gain. I'm an American myself. Unlike you, I've been paying attention. From here in the Midwest USA, here's the last few lines of "mtr mit.edu --report": 16.|-- ae-1-8.bar2.Boston1.Level 90.0% 10 83.3 83.3 83.3 83.3 0.0 17.|-- ae-0-11.bar1.Boston1.Leve 0.0% 10 84.5 84.0 82.5 85.0 0.7 18.|-- ae-7-7.car1.Boston1.Level 0.0% 10 83.1 83.9 81.8 92.9 3.2 19.|-- MASSACHUSET.car1.Boston1. 0.0% 10 85.1 83.7 82.3 85.1 0.9 20.|-- DMZ-RTR-2-EXTERNAL-RTR-1. 0.0% 10 89.9 88.8 86.1 94.2 2.9 21.|-- ??? 100.0 10 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 (the full name for the last listed host is "DMZ-RTR-2-EXTERNAL-RTR-1.MIT.EDU") Definitely! The theme I'm noticing, however, is that it is miraculous when a large organization ever does anything that isn't intended to enrich executives and screw over all the little people. Maybe we'll get a miracle in this case, but I won't hold my breath. incidental rather than intentional Perhaps it was originally incidental, but at this late date both prosecutors and defense attorneys know on which side their bread is buttered. They might occasionally countenance a reduction in sentences, but they'll never allow a reduction in complexity and complication to emerge from our legislatures. Our judges all begin as prosecutors [!] so even though their livelihood wouldn't be threatened they're too professionally deformed to even recognize complexity as an issue. Whether the threshold is 100K or 100M, nothing has happened yet as a result of a "successful" petition. Sure, the stupid petitions give them a chance to giggle at the rubes. The most reasonable petitions get essentially the same reaction, however. ["Legalize pot? I think we can guess what they were smoking when they signed that one! Hahahaha!"] As much as I wish it were otherwise, I expect the same for the current "fire the prosecutor" petition. Ortiz might be reassigned to a different state, but only as part of a promotion: she's been "playing ball". They want federal prosecutors to be tone-deaf automatons of sovereign vengeance out of any sense of proportion. This petition is proof that she is what they want. She'll probably print out the page and have it framed for her new office in New York or DC or wherever. nor does it imprison more people At any particular point in time, there is a greater percentage of the population in prison in the USA than there is in any other nation in the world. We have the highest incarceration rate in the world. It is reasonable to generalize that to "the USA imprisons more people". Nice non sequiturs with respect to graph scales and lead exposure, though! Our population hasn't been increasing exponentially: why would any population-based statistic be doing so, and why would we want to hide that fact if it were? Also, tetraethyl lead was used at some time in most countries, and indeed is still in common use in those that don't have strict environmental regulations. We still have the highest incarceration rate. If you're brave enough to see the real explanation for these trends, take a look at this chart: http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/glance/exptyp.cfm I would guess the guy feels bad enough as it is without needing to get 25k people to kick him when he's down. If a federal prosecutor had ever in history allowed that consideration ("he feels bad enough as it is") to temper his zealous persecution of innocent people, then we might consider similar leniency for him. Since it has never happened, we don't need to worry about it. So true! It's also true of "real" voting in "elections". They only put up with that crap because it's so easily manipulated by the media. They'll distract us with "new" policies when they have to, but nothing will ever threaten the ever-expanding stream of money that flows through lobbyists to their employees in government and back out to the lobbyists' clients. The system won't be "fixed" using tools that exist within the system. It must be hacked, but I don't really see how. Perhaps it's a fallacy that you can be both in favor of a particular thing and also against that same thing? I have the feeling that if I heard that speech I would actually believe that Soggy is both for and against whiskey. I don't think I'd vote for him, but I would believe him. So true! Actually I think many more [non-violent] "infractions" should be civil rather than criminal matters. The classical objection to this is that then only the wealthy will be protected, but as Greenspun points out only the wealthy enjoy the protection of our current system. The least they could do is pay for it themselves. This makes sense, but it makes me think that (in the interest of having a good top post) you should have top-leveled your in-depth comment rather than responding to olalonde's as you did. Your comment then could have (and probably would have) been voted up to the top. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvNmYA3ZPPs The argument can go the other way as well, if your organization is not so hierarchical that it can't learn anything. Point at this episode as proof that when in direct competition, the organization that's open to multiple approaches and tests to discover what works, has a distinct advantage. This sentiment will really annoy the old folks. The law doesn't "work" because it can't. In the future, when more of life is like life online, we might be less "safe", but we'll be more free. The law [not "The Law"] referenced in the title, of course: CFAA. Like all USA laws, it can only be regularly enforced within the USA. Since many threats are based outside the USA, this crudely-designed law harms domestic innovation more than it reduces the overall security threat. This is covered in TFA. a comment that shouldn't even have been that inflammatory A comment to the effect of "innocent people don't commit suicide"? That's pretty obnoxious in the best of times. In the current context the result is not so surprising. I don't advocate hellbanning for any specific person, but the practice itself is so amusing that I'm glad it exists. Perhaps HN's implementation is not subtle enough, if the hellban target notices so quickly. Retaliate for what? I'm a nice guy! Really, though, after the last couple of years it seems reasonable for USA citizens to feel more threatened than protected by the CFAA, whether they're activists or they just choose to change their MAC occasionally. OK, I'll stipulate that you don't feel threatened by the CFAA. In what sense do you feel protected by it? Thanks for elaborating. Is the CFAA an effective deterrent to this sort of disruption? If the disruption is economic in nature (banking, credit card etc.), the guilty party is likely overseas. If the disruption is of a personally embarrassing nature, prosecution will only occur if the victim is famous. If the disruption is "tragic" (Lori Drew etc.), we probably don't want the law to address it. I agree that sentencing rules are a serious problem, but that problem is much more general than the CFAA. We have entirely too many people in prison. Numerous security researchers complained that the Weev/ATT case had unfortunate implications for security research. I'd argue it had even worse implications for the customers of companies whose calls US Attorneys will take. When they call the prosecutors rather than their IT staff, the customer suffers. Reasonable people can disagree about the proper form of disclosure, but surely the CFAA doesn't contribute constructively to that conversation. Indeed that is excellent advice. I'm not sure what one's options are with respect to mobile phone service (this seems like the sort of thing "Ting" might do), but I'd avoid ATT. exponentiate By this, do you mean "increase", or should we expect e.g. a process that typically takes eight years to take 64 years or 512 years? It's a real testament to the safety practices of modern aircraft design, manufacture, maintenance, and management. I'm not convinced that someone from the space industry, which by the statistics has worse results, would have anything to teach them. It would be great if some of the aircraft industry's techniques could influence IT (although admittedly many of the things we do are less life-threatening than flying at 35,000 ft). It would be even better if they could influence medicine. Far too many people die because there is no systematic measurement and analysis of medical practice. It seems like you're just assuming that everyone has a very simple, AM radio view of their government. Which of the ancestors to that comment could have led anyone to believe that? I speculate that upvoters here include fans of "Code Monkey" and "Re: Your Brains". At this point, I trust the reporting of a local newspaper more than the claims of the US Attorney in Massachusetts. I'm glad that btilly pointed out your contradiction of TFA is based entirely on that latter, discredited source. I'm sure the Kochs and their pet lawyers are every bit as awful as all the law-and-order fans (and political participation critics!) here on HN contend. On the sliding scale of evil scumbags, however, they'd have to travel for miles to catch sight of any federal prosecutor one could name. What the heck. Forcing plea bargains on 96% percent of accused is just so we can be "expedient" for the other 4%? How does that make sense? How is the prison industry to lobby for more prison-building if our current prisons aren't filled past capacity? If the accused are allowed their Constitutional right to a trial, we'll have to double the spending on courts just like we've doubled the spending on everything else! Oh, wait... http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/glance/exptyp.cfm Keep in mind that all federal prosecutors are 100% committed to putting (especially poor and minority) citizens in prison for years for the victimless crimes of drug possession and distribution. This practice has destroyed hundreds of communities and millions of lives. There are no good apples in this barrel. Every federal prosecutor should get some portion of the punishments they're so eager to mete out. What on earth does this non-profit spend $50M/yr doing? I've come up with the following: - scan old articles (this really shouldn't be accounted as a business expense: once you've scanned an article you never need to scan it again and there are a finite number of articles in existence, thus this is that rare sort of capital spending that can be depreciated over an essentially infinite period) - serve saved content and related services online (the price of this activity is dropping all the time) - sales, accounting, legal (these activities would be much less costly for a free service like arXiv.org) - license payments (hard to get around this without some [justified IMO] changes to the law, but I'm sure JSTOR is also marking up these charges and besides most education institutions already make equivalent payments to extant journals) Granted, I've left out the gold-plated executive washroom and first-class airfare for lobbyists, but it's reasonable for society to question why JSTOR is an entity that deserves its tax exemptions. If someone feels strongly enough about an issue to give his or her life to advance it, I'm not going to contradict that sentiment. On the scale of things, the media exaggerates far worse things (e.g. they'd have you believe that violent crime in the USA hasn't been dropping precipitously over the last two decades). Also, giving one's life for a cause is a much more ethical action than taking others' lives for that reason, but it seems quite a bit rarer. (I know that Swartz is said to have suffered from depression which could be considered another factor in his suicide, but I'm specifically addressing this point which is unrelated to mental illness.) This would be better if you were a wise Latina woman. Gizmodo sez they stole educause creds from an MIT admin with a "browser exploit": http://gizmodo.com/5978039/hackers-incoherently-deface-entir... until we are reasonably sure they don't pose a danger to society / won't re-offend This might make sense for murder, but for most lesser crimes it's problematic. If someone is in the habit of getting in bar fights every few times he goes out drinking, would we be justified or even well-served to put him in jail until we're sure he would never go out drinking again? That could be decades! It goes without saying that this idea is extremely problematic with respect to "crimes" against fictitious "property" like we have here. I agree this should be a civil matter, but don't complicate matters like this. Typically, wronged parties with limited means are able to hire lawyers on contingency. That's true even if they're facing giant insurance companies that have hundreds of lawyers on retainer. The defendants in this sort of case are likely to have much shallower pockets. ...blanket statements generally don't help. The timezone is not a "presentational property". Imagine you're billing for a service and its charge varies by the local time of day that the service is provided. You can't use GMT because customers don't think and don't expect to be charged in those terms. You can't just record a bare number, because then your reporting (and much else) doesn't add up correctly. You need a timezone in this case, and not just for presentation. Please don't make it too much like dateutil; using that module requires too much doc study. I usually end up just building a few functions from scratch that do precisely what I want with datetime alone. Presumably there aren't too many passers-by in an offshore installation. Couldn't the blades be heated using some of the power produced by the turbine? In Texas, they don't convict homeowners who shoot trick or treaters trespassing on private property Please clarify. Are you trying to say that there exists any justification for this idiotic Texanity? Because there isn't, and therefore you can't logically use it to justify this other unjustifiable thing. Also, sending packets to an internet-connected device, and then reading the packets it sends back to you, is in no sense "trespassing". Trespass is being physically present in a physical location in which you aren't welcome. You can't trespass while you're physically in your mother's basement. Please don't mangle the English language. some type of criminal trespass When you send packets to an internet-connected device, and that device sends some packets back to you, that is not "trespass". You haven't "gone" anywhere, and you certainly didn't cross any "property lines". Much in the way that the copyright mafia wants to redefine "piracy" from "murder and plunder on the high seas" to "listening to a friend's MP3", numerous other bad people will be thrilled when the public accepts "SYN,SYN-ACK,ACK" as a new meaning of "trespass". I find it a lot cleaner than Cmd + Tab, Cmd + R Is that all this is? That seems like a fair amount of work for a trivial result. One challenge I would expect is the difficulty of running current from the (relatively) stationary generator (or the grid if the generator's power isn't suitable) to the rotating blades. You can't just use a wire; it would get wound around until it broke. Presumably there could be some sort of slip ring, or perhaps an inductive circuit like that found in Reelights. Of course the engineers have already solved the similar problem of running power to and from the hub that must rotate to face the wind, but that rotation is much slower than that of the rotating blades. I'm very encouraged by the provided prospectus, since it implies btilly is one of the chosen few who not only know both frequentist and Bayesian techniques but also know when to use each and when not to e.g. give a Bayesian interpretation to a frequentist technique. A prosecutor's criminal conduct in the context of prosecuting a case would never be prosecuted by other prosecutors. It would set a bad "precedent". If it were shockingly egregious criminal conduct while prosecuting a universally beloved public figure (like Mr. Rogers or Joe Montana or similar), you might see criminal charges in relation to impeachment proceedings undertaken by a legislature, but although that is possible it isn't likely. Now if a prosecutor did something horrible to children or copyrighted materials or something he might be prosecuted criminally for that, only if it had nothing to do with his work. Yes they would be. See DannyBee's response to rayiner above. ...will lead to founders doing the easy thing and simply not hiring women. Those who encourage baseless sexual harassment claims (and baseless lawsuits of all sorts) couldn't care less about the hiring of women. Those who do care about the hiring of women ought to consider making this issue a priority. Yeah this is really lame. Shouldn't they be busy with more "innovative" products? Couldn't they have just hired some non-union union protesters for this? When you're clinging desperately to the bleeding edge of social innovation, you can't allow yourself to be confined within the mundane strictures of the English language. It's been a while since I used C very much, but news like this plus the great new 21st Century C , http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920025108.do from Ben Klemens and O'Reilly has me reconsidering that. That book says those who complain the standard doesn't do enough should look at POSIX and libraries like GLib for help. Maybe ESR thinks he should have been consulted before publishing? The "ritualized" nature of mean comments on bad code seems to be in evidence on HN recently. ...the patent-holding company was still able to hire another top law firm: Quinn Emanuel. That same law firm has done loads of defense work for Google and has become the search giant's go-to patent-troll killer; it's the same firm that defended Samsung in its blockbuster showdown with Apple. This reminds me of the classic pre-emptive divorce maneuver Tony Soprano pulled: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unidentified_Black_Males#Episod... If you don't want to get sued by patent trolls, get all patent troll attorneys on retainer. It's very hard to imagine a situation in which Amazon could lock new entrants out of the video encoding market. All you need to enter this market are a fast connection and a server farm, both of which you can get for yourself or rent from numerous IaaS providers. Amazon might very well have a price advantage, but other parties that can offer better quality of service or better L10n or whatever will still attract customers. This is how markets are "supposed" to work. I like driving on roads when other drivers have car insurance. It lowers my rates, and in the event of an accident for which the other driver is liable I get money to fix my car. Surely we can come up with a less brain-dead way of encouraging immigrants to participate in the legal process than intentionally making our own roads less safe? Perhaps by making that process simpler, with more tangible benefit for those taking part. The changes you cite are an example of that. This "War on Immigration" crap is motivated by armament and prison suppliers. The danger you face on a bicycle is from motorized vehicles. You're not going to get mugged on a bike during the daytime unless you are very unwise. Ride a bike that isn't obviously valuable, don't wear fluorescent colors, don't stop to sightsee, don't stop for conversations, and don't expect your lock to help you if leave your bike unattended. In poor areas riding a bike is an indicator that you are poor or that you have lost your driver's license (which is another indicator that you are poor). As long as you don't contradict that impression you'll be fine. For instance, when I lived near LA I would regularly bike all over, including through areas such as Compton. So, the average hedge fund investor will make less money in her hedge funds than she would have made in an ETF? I realize that there are benefits in diversification, but travisp is generally correct. "ComputerGuru" is welcome to clarify, but I'm pretty sure I heard what was said. The USA does poorly in comparison with Canada with respect to open immigration, so you'll have to clarify your "insight" as well. Knowing is half the battle: http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2011/05/im... There are still some benefits that are open to legal residents but not undocumented immigrants. These include educational opportunities, many jobs (sure a cleaning service is happy to hire undocumented but a licensed daycare center, not so much), many entitlements (immigrants with fake Social Security numbers pay in but they'll never get anything out), etc. Well this hypothesized theorem is bunk, but in what sense do we have anonymity in the USA anyway? Working immigrants, documented or not, pay far more in taxes than they extract in benefits. They all live somewhere, so their landlords pay property tax from their rent. They all buy things in stores, so they pay sales tax. Those who have fake Social Security numbers pay payroll taxes, but like all of us under 45 will never see a dime in return. I'm sure you can find some oddball exception like Obama's undocumented Auntie Z who lives high on the hog in some palatial public housing unit in Boston, but these indict stupid entitlement programs more than lax immigration. I'm not claiming that limiting entitlements to immigrants is in any way unfair. If they don't like the deal they can move back home. I do object to this topic as a specious support for the "War on Immigration". I'll echo what rektide said, but add that the flat code is easier to modify. It's easy to add another promise anywhere in the flat chain, and it's easy to add conditional logic if you need to. In addition, I think we'll see easy-to-reason-about operators built on top of the promise "primitive" that you couldn't even imagine for the nested code. this article is injurous to the case for promises. Haha I thought the same about the Crockford talk. Can you point me to a non-injurious source? Yeah that's the only kind of PE I've met. As a profession they do not impress. These guys are incapable of imagining anything they haven't done before a hundred times, let alone doing it and putting their seal on it. Anything that goes into a new model of jumbo jet should have reams of test documentation. Multiple people at Boeing would have examined and approved this stuff. If they were fooled they shouldn't have been. So the battery seems to be very important when you're somewhere with no ground generator. Like in the sky? After your engines have stopped for some reason? That could be exciting! "I design a cell to not fail and then assume it will and the ask the next 'what-if' questions," Sinnett, [Boeing's 787 chief project engineer] said. "And then I design the batteries that if there is a failure of one cell it won't propagate to another. And then I assume that I am wrong and that it will propagate to another and then I design the enclosure and the redundancy of the equipment to assume that all the cells are involved and the airplane needs to be able to play through that." OK, maybe part of this is bravado, and it seems that the failure of one cell certainly has spread to another, but so far at least no plane has crashed as a result. I think Boeing's engineers should get some credit for that? One could imagine worse results than we've seen, especially in fields of engineering that don't have aviation's safety practices. To many, a hacker is anyone who does something with a computer that is not trivially understood. To law-enforcement and the criminal justice system, a hacker is someone who commits a computer-involved crime. "To law-enforcement and the criminal justice system" the former criterion implies the latter. GS Yuasa manufactures batteries for 60 satellites and they haven't had a single failure there I wouldn't expect fire to be a common failure mode in outer space. Delays in the introduction of new models are extremely common in aerospace. If these battery issues had been noticed by the right people sooner the 787 would have been delayed more than it was. Very few airlines would have cancelled orders over that. You probably disagree with the common feeling that the prosecuted actions of e.g. Weev, Swartz, etc. would not actually be crimes in any decent society, but don't pretend you've never heard of them. To us their actions were trivial. To a trial jury or especially to a grand jury, not so much. But this specific objection actually undermines your entire argument. If justifiable trivial actions can be maliciously portrayed as crimes, so much more can justifiable nontrivial actions. It's a sliding scale anyway: I'm no über-hacker so I know that many things that are trivial to more skilled people would be initially mysterious to me. This is why just law must be based on the consideration of specific acts that either meet or fail to meet concrete widely-understood criteria. Just law does not punish acts that are in a "gray" area, which cannot be said with certainty to be crimes. When uncertainty is a basis for prosecution, the only criteria we have are the potential misunderstandings of the dumbest jury a prosecutor could possibly empanel. At that point, human innovation and happiness will cease. It seems pretty clear at this point that you did not in fact need any citations. Best comment on SO was from jpalecek, who observed that the requirement that variables be declared prevents the language from being context-free. Of course that requirement is not enforced in the parser, so you might not care about it. if we allow free immigration with full access to welfare state benefits Why on Earth would we do that? Stupid entitlement programs coupled with expanded immigration might be problematic, but there is no moral principle that states we must have stupid entitlement programs. It's not as though we drop entitlements from airplanes; people have to sign up for them using real official documents. It wouldn't be difficult to say e.g. "no Section 8 housing for people on a work visa". If you don't like entitlements then free immigration would be a good argument to use in recruiting nativists to your side. Immigration for a wide range of potential Americans we'd be wise to welcome is far more difficult now than it was fifteen years ago. That is why it's a "War on": the prison, LEO union, and armaments lobbyists only get paid when they make our authoritarian oppression more extreme than it already is. Cf. the Wars on Drugs, Terror, etc. Is it also sort of a Windows rant? It seems like he would not have these problems with iconv() or its various wrappers on POSIX. I'm surprised at Prof. Lewis's surprise that people stop at McD's specifically to use the wifi. I'd have thought that everyone had done this on occasion, although of course for many people that is a matter of convenience while out and about rather than being their only connectivity. Sure, Starbucks would be cooler but there aren't many of those in most rural areas. Hahaha. I don't agree with the sentiments you've expressed, so I have no eloquence to contribute on their behalf. While the rejoinder you offer to what you term a blanket statement is a series of blanket statements, that is but the first layer of silliness here. The invocation of Hanlon's Razor on behalf of federal prosecutors is if anything more incoherent than the amusing snippet I quoted. Does a prosecutor live today who could utter that maxim with a straight face? The burdens you would impose (affidavits? proof... of a tautology?) function to obfuscate rather than illuminate. If you desire mellifluity I suggest you take a deep look into your soul. OK, that makes sense. So the reason people on Windows do bother with this is that the Windows system libraries use UTf-16 for everything, right? (IANAWindowsDeveloper) (I had to deal with that during the years when I lived as an American overseas) As in, you had to get an employment/education/whatever visa? I'm snickering at this: I've found that we Americans have a really easy time getting whatever visas we want whenever we want. Some nations will issue a month (or longer) visa just from the airline informing them, "we have an American on board this flight". Some will issue a visa at the immigration gate. For a many-year work visa you'll typically have to go through an embassy or consulate, but as long as you don't get stuck in the same line as the Indians (this is not a statement about Indians, but about how I've seen them treated in embassies!) you're not going to have much trouble. ...it's exceedingly uncommon for people to be put into jail simply for activities inconsistent with their visa status... Which visa is it that allows a foreign national to harass, detain, and kidnap citizens without the due process of law? Does 007 have that visa? I could actually understand it if there were a more involved process for obtaining that one. There's a hilarious scene in The Guard ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1540133/ ) where all of the Irish Garda are trying to seem very respectful of Don Cheadle's FBI agent, except for Brendan Gleeson's Garda who mercilessly takes the piss out of him. Later he says, "Now I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, these men are armed and dangerous, and you being an FBI agent you're more used to shooting at unarmed women and children." Cacti are dangerous to children and adults wherever they appear. Those thorns are sharp! :) Hosting uploaded images exposes sites to a great deal of annoyance. Off the top of my head, I think it was New Zealand that had that airline notification thing, and I think that got you a 90 day business visa. That was ten years ago, and I lived in Singapore at the time, so perhaps I'm misremembering or they've changed the policy since then. I think in general the reciprocity policy you mention is a good rule of thumb, although I'm sure there are exceptions. How would this work? This proposal seems to assume that the situation of private individuals and their personal data is similar to that of big content companies and their content, except for a slightly different threat model. In fact the two situations are quite different. Jane Doe isn't publishing her credit card number and "protecting" it with DRM, as silly as that would be. It would not be possible to draft a law that did away with these natural tensions in an easy and robust way. The lines must be drawn piecemeal, with deference to but not bound by precedent. At least in this the tensions are made explicit in a way that even unsophisticated citizens can understand. (Not that any particular citizen will understand it, cf. the many Americans who completely elide "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times" from the Copyright Clause.) Eventually the nation will have the legal system the citizens demand (or is that deserve?), the laws on the books be damned. The rule of law is a tradition more than it is a text. Yeah the classy thing to do is to pay lawyers money, rather than communicating with other human beings. Never mind the fact that lawyers will accomplish precisely nothing in most cases like this. If the algorithms behind Adsense can reason about maximising [sic] revenues, [Sweeney] says they ought to be able to reason about the legal and social consequences of certain patter[n]s of click-throughs. What?!? Does not follow! You're going to have to spell it out for us morons. How on Earth could DRM help the average person? Not only do they have to upgrade their system, but they're going to have to replace most of the course material for "Week 3: Architecture, or Just Use Google Docs". Never attribute to incompetence that which is adequately explained by avarice. This is just like Goldman Sachs, deliberately confusing the customer and then making money off that confusion. When GoDaddy did this to me I let the (somewhat unimportant, fortunately) domain lapse and bought it back with Hover. It's up to you whether this is strange or not, but the effect you're looking for is the definition of even numbers . I don't find the GP's argument credible, but this really isn't a contradiction of it. I agree that losing the hard equipment would make the game safer (take a look at rugby or Aussie rules: much safer similar sports), but I don't agree with the implication that the owners of the NFL ever had a nefarious plan to add equipment so that the game would become watchable (again, take a look at rugby or Aussie rules: very watchable similar sports). The point of the article is that even the "healthy" players are receiving regular head trauma that has devastating cumulative effects. A typical one- or two-year pro isn't getting set for life. Much less the average college football player, who donates his time and health for the benefit of people and organizations who are already wealthier than anyone else he'll ever know. They all feature teams of players throwing, kicking, carrying, and sometimes punching an oblong ball on a long field with goal posts at either end. The object of all games is to advance the ball in a direction opposite to that of the other team, and then to score a varying number of points depending on how one moves the ball into a scoring area or kicks it between goal posts. Rough play is encouraged, and body tackling is the basic means of defense, so these games are all (with the exception of rugby union: the entire game is spent listening to the referee holler "pause, engage!" while the scrum falls apart) more enjoyable to play and watch than the sport upon which they're allegedly based. They're all more similar to each other than any of them are to baseball or tennis. Besides, the only similarity that counts for this analysis is the nature of the head trauma involved: men carrying a ball run while other men attempt to tackle them bodily to the ground. You should use medians rather than averages for this analysis. The median salary for those who play an entire season before getting cut is around $800,000. The median career length is not reported anywhere I can find. Since all sources besides the NFL claim the average career is 3.5 years, I'll overestimate the median to be 3 years. So, rather than $12M, we should be talking about $2.4M for a median career, and that's just those who play an entire year before getting cut. Since the NFLPA is toothless most NFL "contracts" allow a player to be cut at any time for any reason and then he doesn't get any more money. In those sports it is very rare for players on opposing teams to and run directly at each other from 10s of yards/meters away. In the absence of padding and helmets this would be rare in American football as well. Oh sure players would run toward each other. But the results would be a rugby-style wrap-arms-and-pull-down tackle rather than an NFL-style airborne earhole clock-cleaning. I agree with most of your other points; the NFL may well be safer now than at any time in the modern era. I doubt it will ever be safe , however. I expect we'll eventually see a new bitcoin instance for items and gold in an MMORPG. Actually it seems to me that bitcoin could govern more than that: basically any random event ("you made a wooden shield") could go into the blockchain. This is an interesting description even if it probably isn't completely true. It's amusing that anyone would be disappointed to learn this. Orange juice is sugar water. I don't think anyone gets worked up about how Mountain Dew is produced. Thanks for being so open about this. I've worked from the IT side with a lot of different accounting folks, and I can't imagine any of them sitting in on meetings in which changes of this sort were discussed without pitching a fit. I've tried and failed to get much smaller changes approved. (E.g., a change to G/L journaling configuration in our customer billing application that would have made absolutely no change to output but would have made supporting new products MUCH easier.) I would have thought that a business large enough to have a controller (and an ex-controller!) would have someone defending the billing process. I guess you became that person... Maybe this is off-topic, but having worked at a Lucent acquisition in 1999, I recommend buying put options to form a straddle with whatever stock options you get in the deal. If you can expect anything from an acquisition, it's volatility. (IANAL, but this probably isn't legal if you're an executive.) Yeah that's what I meant; although I think typically acquirers offer bonuses in (call) options rather straight stock for those current employees of the acquired company whom they wish to retain. If you buy the corresponding put options and the acquirer tanks you won't have to wait for vesting to make money either. If the acquirer does well then maybe working for that company isn't so bad. It's very possible that the costs or terms of available options would make this unfeasible. It's just something one thinks about when all his options are underwater. [crickets] The creation of better soybean strains could be financed by prizes and contests rather than by military procurement. For example, see the Longitude Prize, the Anxari X Prize, or the crypto primitive contests that NIST regularly runs. The fact that giant corporations are involved with progress in our society is not proof that progress would cease without the involvement of giant corporations. The concern was that the "terminator" gene would force poor farmers to buy seeds every year, and they alleviated that concern by instead forcing poor farmers to buy seeds every year by contract? Let me guess, the "stakeholders" we have in mind here are trial lawyers? Sometimes the technological solution really is better than the "social" solution. It leads me to wonder just how effective this terminator thing really is. Does the gas company do a great deal of R&D? Sure there's R&D involved in extraction and refining, but you seem to be talking about distribution. I think you may be talking about the (incorrect) idea that large infrastructure assets must be protected by state-enforced monopoly. Large infrastructure assets do not need this protection, and I blame Ma Bell for popularizing the idea (at least in the USA) that they do. There's actually a huge natural gas rollout taking place in my community right now: http://www.summitnaturalgas.com/view/92 This is a large investment, which involves laying hundreds of miles of pipe and boring under the Lake of the Ozarks in three different places (in one location parallel to a privately-funded highway bridge). I understand that investors expect to be paid back over decades. Yet, no one appointed Summit to do this work, any more than anyone appointed Google or Monsanto to do what they do. Anyone in the world with an internet connection and a server farm is free to compete with Google. On day one when they turn the tap on their pipeline, Summit will be competing with numerous propane suppliers, the local incumbent electric companies, and even the long-term possibility (however remote) of another group building another natural gas pipeline. If Summit and Google don't need state protection, why would Monsanto? Hahaha, that's a handy redefinition of "genetic defect", but I doubt Steven Jay Gould would agree... Actually the vast majority of soybeans are processed into useful products like shoyu, livestock feed, plastics, etc. If the viable soybean were a needle in a haystack, no farmer would bother looking for it. We're talking about different things here. A more productive, disease-resistant strain of soybean (or maize, rice, sweet potato, etc.) is of obvious benefit to the whole of humanity, and could be the goal of any charitable organization, philanthropist, government, or corporation. (I imagine that the increased sales of Roundup herbicide would be at best a minor criterion in the reckoning of most such institutions.) Better diabetes treatment would allow fat old Westerners to keep stuffing their gobs in relative comfort for a few more decades. I agree that no other sort of funding mechanism would be likely to bring about that latter, more dubious benefit. I have no quarrel with those who bring new airplanes, soybeans, or medicines to market. I do quarrel with those who want to undermine the rule of law in society to make those efforts more profitable. For millennia farmers have replanted seeds; the activity is the basis of agriculture. Monsanto didn't own the beans this farmer planted, nor did they own the plants that bore those beans nor the elevators that stored them. They might have sold him Roundup, but if they felt they should be better rewarded for that then they should have charged him more. The court system does not exist to salve the butthurt that Monsanto executives get when their schemes of control and coercion go awry. There's entirely too much control and coercion in modern agriculture in the USA already. If as a result of these proceedings Monsanto were to find that it couldn't charge a premium for its bean varieties, it might very well decide to charge a premium for its Roundup herbicide. That would change incentives in modern agriculture for the better. Instead of committing every year to excessive sunk costs for the purchase of patented seeds, which later in the season induce additional purchase of Roundup to protect that investment, farmers would be more willing to "wait and see" and try different combinations of weed control methods. Roundup use wouldn't cease, but it would be seen more accurately as a more expensive option and so its use would probably decrease a bit. Monsanto would be welcome to bump prices even more if they thought that would help. I don't support the government even having access to billions of dollars, let alone handing them out to anyone, and I struggle to see how my initial comment could have left such an impression. I do see the extant patent regime as a pillar of modern state capitalism, which tends to reinforce the power of state bureaucrats rather than undermining it. I appreciate that bias and appreciate your admission, but I don't share it. I view life as a hungry equilibrium. It has existed on this planet for a long time, and has endured much worse shocks than Monsanto can produce. In the long run biologists will simply see the contributions of intelligent life as another source of genetic variability. That isn't to say that humans always have good ideas about genetic changes: consider the dachshund. Only planetary-scale events have the potential to really screw things up for life per se. I think we can agree that as harmful non-inherited transmissible genetic variation goes, the terminator gene (if it actually works; do we really know why Monsanto didn't buy Delta & Pine?) is probably the least worrisome. A gene that acts against reproductive fitness is not one that will ever be common in nature. As for other variations, patented or not, I expect most will be out-competed outside carefully controlled environments. Few domestic chickens live long in a predator-rich environment. Roundup tolerance itself is unlikely to enhance fitness in the absence of someone willing to pay Monsanto thousands of dollars every year. Those few human-created variations that can establish themselves in wild populations, if we ever discover such, I'm just going to call evolution. The spectre of the super-weed seems silly to me: the essence of a weed is that, in the absence of human intervention, it crowds out plants that humans like. Roundup is only agriculturally valuable for cultivation of varieties that tolerate Roundup; if weeds gained that tolerance it wouldn't be a net loss for humanity. Sure I agree that gas companies shouldn't be allowed to endanger the public in foreseeable and avoidable ways, but I sort of feel that way about everybody. If the gas company blows up your house then the courts should see that you are compensated. It seems a major step from that to "oversight committees". Maybe a committee will notice problems that most individuals won't, but there are many more individuals than there could ever be committees. We're much more likely to hear about the dastardly deeds of multinational corporations from the people they've screwed than from a government committee. Sure, but using the A/C certainly does. It's different because when you realize your mistake with a gasoline engine, as long as you aren't driving in eastern Utah or some similar remote location, you can easily stop at any one of thousands of convenient gas stations to correct your error. Perhaps that will be true someday for Tesla, but it isn't today. >other than some extreme inconvenience... If finding an electrical outlet the owner of which is set up to charge you money for your electrical charge and then sitting there for several hours seems as convenient to you as stopping at a gas station for several minutes, you should buy a Tesla. I agree with siblings that we're not talking about a significant effect on mileage, but technically there is still an effect. When the ventilation fan kicks on, this will be an additional current draw. Since the voltage regulator is an analog device, it will respond to the resulting slight dip in system voltage by increasing the alternator field strength slightly. The engine will then have to apply slightly more torque to the alternator, which will burn slightly more fuel. Since engine speeds vary greatly, having a dumb alternator that provided power scaled in proportion to RPM would be a disaster. I agree this is troubling, but sadly I don't think it will be much longer until most of us submit to this sort of monitoring by our insurance companies. When I first heard the A/C vs. windows-down comparison it struck me as non-intuitive. I eventually reasoned that having windows down at speed results in moving much more air through the cabin than the A/C does. It takes work to move air, but it also takes work to run the compressor. There would have to be a break-even point at which having e.g. the driver's window and the rear passenger's window down a couple of inches each is cheaper than the A/C. Interestingly, the graphs on pages 14 and 15 of the linked report don't appear to support your point. That is, the green curve is strictly less than the blue curve at all investigated speeds. Your wife is a saint. I am impressed by his original troubleshooting, but this followup seems impractical. Of his three suggestions, only the third (Intel providing improved board testing tools) even seems like it could possibly prevent this sort of problem. Asking for hardware-enforced "sane" behavior is like asking, "why doesn't my computer know I don't want my program to deadlock, segfault, or loop indefinitely?" That is, if the controller could do that then it would solve the Halting Problem. Improved drivers, his second suggestion, are always a good thing, but drivers only get patched to handle broken hardware in response to the discovery of broken hardware. There is no way to anticipate each particular way a NIC could possibly be broken ahead of time. The market demands controllers with flexible and expandable functionality. Board manufacturers use the EEPROM to specify exactly what behavior is required. If a particular manufacturer underestimates the importance of correctness and doesn't perform the code review and testing necessary to prevent a PoD, that isn't Intel's fault. True, but doesn't this apply to Facebook in general? The graph search functionality wasn't created by BwF. It's been clear since the beginning of Facebook that they are eager to reshare any info you share with them. Like an HSM? I would have expected that any security company would be using those to store private keys, in which case "we should have used our own software" doesn't make much sense. Perhaps this is a trivial point, but bragging about all their controls and audits and whatnot while reporting this sort of failure seems to call into question the value of all those controls and audits and whatnot. If any procedure in that company should be audited until it's airtight, then the process of securely generating, storing, and using keys should be. I doubt a more in-depth analysis will be forthcoming, but it would be nice to find out not only why they're not doing their main thing in the proper fashion but also why it took an actual breach to find that out. Let me preface this by saying that your epic trouble-shooting effort was really cool. That's what inspires me to pay so much attention to this. If you'll excuse my ignorance, could you identify which points made on the linked page correspond to your suggestions? I can see how signature checking, if there is in fact such a mechanism on the controller, can help ensure that an EEPROM image is a member of a particular favored set of such images, but you'll admit that that's a less general approach than "in-hardware sane behavior". I don't know anything about µC design, but it would surprise me if the mistake here were as simple as setting a "die when you see this particular byte sequence" bit. It seems more likely that the behavior is an emergent property based on a combination of flags and coded behavior. I still don't think it would be possible for the controller to prevent that result in general. It is possible to test for bad behavior, as your customers proved. It's also possible for drivers to correctly handle the bad behavior of their hardware, and I'm sure appropriate patches are welcome. Did your board vendor inform you of Intel's findings back in October? If so, could your original article have been a bit more explicit about the fact that Intel wasn't responsible for this? If not, are you looking for another board vendor? Thanks for sharing! Do you find that the fact you are paid by parents for your work has any effect on the motivation or performance of your students? How about your own motivation or performance? What percentage of public school math teachers do you reckon would have the success that you have had if they tried to what you do? I could imagine a board manufacturer doing something like this for an expensive, low-volume NIC. I still don't see how Intel could help. This seems to confirm the hypothesis that Bit9 does not store the private keys it uses to sign executables on an HSM. If it's appropriate, can you describe the system that stores those keys? Is it somebody's desktop? Is it in a secure area? How many people have access to it? What other software is installed on it? Is it connected to a network? (I'm asking for a friend.) What if the paperwork in question isn't being used in an investigation, but rather as a way of proving residence in a particular area for the purpose of receiving services provided in that area? In light of this issue, what have you done to restrict the amount of harm that even a trusted employee can do? I'd be happy to learn that after a suitable time period for disputes, literally no employee would be able to provide any demographic info related to a particular charge. You can't harm my customers if you don't have access to their data. The answer about teacher motivation/performance is interesting, not least because it isn't answering the question that was asked. (Unless you do private work like tokenadult I suppose you don't have a basis from which to answer that question.) Do you find that public school teachers are paid enough? If they are paid enough in general, are there particular groups that aren't? Are there other particular groups that are paid significantly more than enough? The answer concerning students makes perfect sense, and is what I would have expected. I want to blame the parents, but then I remember where they went to school. I'm just as suspicious of Scandinavian comparisons as the next American, but this is not a valid objection. We are specifically comparing the privileges and services that each society provides to its citizens, for the citizens' well-being and that of the society as a whole. To say, "we don't have that luxury" (of what? a "metropolitan" environment? our urban kids do worse than our rural kids!) is to admit in damning fashion that our privileges and services aren't as good as those the Finnish receive. I could understand this sort of whining from Bangladesh or the Congo, but coming from the USA it's pathetic. They're probably not paying that tuition now. They will eventually though, and at that time they may not think they got a very good deal for all their loans. If school loans disappeared tomorrow then the situation GP describes would as well. Of course, that might coincide with the disappearance of that entire community college. Thanks so much for the detailed response, and good luck in your hunt for better vendors. It seems that it's going to fall to you to test and correct the EEPROM settings. You might want to keep your results to yourself in future; you could probably get some big-money consulting work with other companies forced to use these products. It's so shitty that neither party bothered to respond until you went public with this. I'm not sure what "scale" is supposed to indicate in this context; if you rank nations by population density then Singapore is at one end and Finland is at the other, and they both have better results than the USA. In 2011 Finnish per capita GDP was less than 80% of ours. I don't doubt they'll pass us eventually (Singapore already has), and our woeful system of elementary and secondary education is a principal reason why. Make your libraries easy to do things that are easy, but make hard things possible too. IME Ronacher follows this dictum very well. I'd suggest that anyone who wants to see this try his Flask and Werkzeug packages. As for storing extra state, about which many here have complained, I've found it really helpful that I can set werkzeug.http._accept_re to my own RE when I want to do something weird with media types. That is state that the vast number of users won't need to touch, yet the fact that it exists makes life better for someone who does need it. I'm sure there are numerous other examples I haven't had to bother with yet. Would we really be better off if this RE had to be passed in every time we handled a request? (Although I would understand if you argued this value should be stored in an object not in a module. I haven't needed that yet.) On the other hand, routing to and handling resources with these packages is typically done with functions and decorators only, although the route decorators are methods of the application object. So Ronacher is not any sort of hardass about classes; he just does what works. >>>> Do you find that the fact you are paid by parents for your work has any effect on... your own motivation or performance? >>> ...paying teachers more does almost nothing to improve motivation or performance. >> The answer about teacher motivation/performance is interesting, not least because it isn't answering the question that was asked. > I actually ignored your question because it seemed obvious (to me at least) that it would have virtually no effect. I cannot imagine a situation in which the motivation of the student would be in any way affected by the fact that the parent was paying the teacher. Do you teach reading comprehension? I would have hoped that it was clear: I was asking about the effect that being paid directly by the customer has on the performance and motivation of the teacher. Much like it affects the performance of waitresses, auto mechanics, architects, dentists, store clerks, pro athletes, and in fact most occupations in a market economy. If we're not providing a service that customers prefer to competing services, we're out of a job. tokenadult is a teacher who might have some experience of this phenomenon, so I asked him about it. I really hope you're trolling me here, but I suspect instead a sort of epistemic blindness. The (unintentional) irony was in TFA to which he was responding. But if you prefer the word "incoherence" to "irony" when discussing that piece I won't argue. It's like rain on your wedding day. Students of the type you're talking about would best be served by being home schooled or attending private school. I realize that doesn't work for many families. What's your suggestion? Universal, portable public education vouchers, payable to any educational institution the parents select. (A portion of the standard voucher could be payable to the parents themselves if they wish to homeschool and can maintain a satisfactory inspection record. I wouldn't complain if such an inspection regime were very strict: it's public money.) Some public schools would close overnight; they would literally empty the instant that their customers had any choice at all. Others would struggle for a few years before either closing or improving. Other public schools would have to add staff and buildings. Some private schools might grow more selective. Other private schools might just grow. We'd also see online providers expand and innovate, which will be good news for those who spent high school in their own lockers. The top-down thing hasn't worked, and even TFA agrees with that. It's time for the people at the bottom, the customers, to have a choice. Yeah, or we could ask law enforcement officers and prison guards how many people should be in prison, or how many laws we should have... My experience in the late 80s and early 90s matches your own, except I got the impression that poor teachers did teach to the test extensively. I didn't get that impression from good teachers; they just seemed like good teachers. Looking back, I hypothesize that merely competent school administrators used standardized tests to identify problems, while smart administrators identified problems with the tests but then didn't actually cite the tests when dealing with those problems. Because after you've put a few losers on performance plans and blamed their test results when they asked why, the other losers in your school might catch on. (This seems to imply that administrators at schools I attended were merely competent, which implication I cannot contradict.) If such a dynamic did exist, one could predict it would take hold on a national level with the advent of NCLB. Then one would expect that NCLB had the effect primarily of making standardized tests less accurate... Surely there are options at that point? Like go to the USA consulate during business hours, show a driver's license, and pay a fine? Or even call a family member and ask her to bring your passport (she should bring her own as well)? Was that a real Joan Didion quote? Seriously, he's correct in many of the things he said, but he's probably the wrong person to be saying this. Perhaps in a couple of decades he might be the right person. Humans really are flawed creatures. We really do screw up all the time. It really isn't enough to be governed by a strong moral compass: that sense of morality must be assisted by the wisdom to avoid situations that will corrupt it. Strong habits, traditions, or even "standard operating procedures" assist the wise in this avoidance. I still have sympathy for this guy. My suspicion is that those in the media who are really piling on, are doing so at least partially to avoid hearing what's being said. Lehrer is bad , so we can't admit that most of what he did, we do if only to a lesser degree. Otherwise we would be bad . This sort of binary morality is really primitive and pathetic, but many people don't have anything else available to them. If's fine if you don't sympathize with Lehrer as I do, but I don't understand how people can complain that he brought up the FBI lab as an example. Why would they be above him? He didn't send any innocent people to jail! If you'd like proof that this is a serious problem, read up on the mess they have in Mississippi with bogus forensics. If Lehrer does anything to improve forensics in this country, all his plagiarism will have been worth it. The Slate article slagging on Lehrer is of no inherent interest to hackers. His speech, self-serving and dishonest as it may have been, addresses some interesting and little-discussed aspects of psychology, work, and knowledge. That is something I appreciate on HN. Of course the GP provides valuable context for the speech, and I'm glad it was shared, but it doesn't stand by itself as a top-level post. I've never read anything by him, but I'd say I'm more likely to do so now, having read this speech. Of course I won't just believe whatever he says because he says it, but then again I could say that about anyone. My default position is skepticism. Popular non-fiction writing is about marketing and what will sell from an airport book kiosk far more than it is about trust. It may well be that Lehrer has nothing to offer us in book form but marketability, and he may not have that anymore. Unlike most speeches, however, this one said something of interest. Does the Knight Foundation not make a habit of giving its speakers such staggering sums? If not, this is mysterious, and it would lead me to suspect he was being paid for something besides the speech. Were any decision-makers at Knight involved with any of Lehrer's discredited work? If the Knight Foundation does regularly pay speakers this much, then I agree with those who say that the bulk of this fee should go to some agreeable charity. Reading this again I can see that I was ambiguous. Instead of, "How about your own motivation or performance?" I should have written "How about on your own motivation or performance?" I refuse to repeat the entire "Do you find..." clause of the immediately preceding sentence, however. If you feel that your position is in no way different from tokenadult's, how many students have left your class for another class or another school because parents felt your teaching was in some way inadequate? Many manufacturers claim to have licensed the relevant patents from Broadcom, in which case their customers are not infringing by "exhaustion". Presumably there are some manufacturers that didn't license, so parties who purchased equipment from those would not have that defense. Does the troll in this case have any reason to think that the hotels it's targeting have unlicensed and thus infringing equipment? Or is this just an RIAA-style dragnet, in which you're guilty until you prove all your equipment is licensed? Is there really no means by which courts can rein in this type of abuse? All points well taken. It is difficult to be sufficiently skeptical about topics on which one doesn't have enough background, especially when one is surrounded by "experts". There's another dynamic at play here as well: many of us on HN grew up wanting to learn and know as much as we could about a wide range of topics. This motivation is an aspect of curiosity, and it is a good attitude for children, but it leads us astray when we're adults. We can seek all possible knowledge about our narrow areas of specific expertise, at least until we can develop a sense of what to retain and what to ignore. However, for the broad sweep of general human knowledge that we can't carefully study ourselves, we ought to cultivate an attitude of intentional, studied indifference. It's fine to pay a bit of attention to everything that catches the eye, and it's fine to slowly add to the set of topics about which we're truly knowledgeable, but most of what we "learn" we should consider a form of entertainment. That goes double for what I learn on HN! Update your priors, but at a steady, slow rate. Oy! I intentionally don't look for it, but still I see it everywhere ! See, this is the sort of binary morality I was talking about. You could plug any bad act into the "plagiarize" slot and your statement would have precisely the same content. The Lehrer who existed three years ago didn't plagiarize all the time , and he probably didn't realize he was plagiarizing at least part of the time he was doing it. He plagiarized in specific situations, and furthermore he probably brought about those situations through his own actions (e.g., exempting himself from fact-checking on a problematic article by concocting an excuse his editor would buy), even if he didn't realize it at the time. Today's Lehrer can endeavor to avoid those situations, and certainly to never bring them about through his own actions, just by being more aware. I don't say this to excuse Lehrer's actions. All of us humans are the same flawed creatures as he, and we're all judged for our actions. I don't have to believe in the devil, but if I can imagine him, I can imagine a fiend who tempts all humanity, virtuous or not. Then I can make ready for his temptations even though I'm not a bad person like Lehrer. That is good advice for anyone who cares about the quality of popular non-fiction. RTFA: The closing of the psychedelic mind involved the weaving of a fine-spun stigma and the application of indistinct professional pressure. “A subtle microphysics of power guided scientists away from further work on these compounds,” says Nicolas Langlitz, an anthropologist at the New School who studies psychedelic science. “The allocation of funding, having to guard one’s reputation, approval of research projects, recruitment of test subjects — it all led to a near-total breakdown of academic hallucinogen research.” Before the end of the ’60s, two leading lights in the field would bemoan the fact that interested and capable scientists were “turning their backs on psychedelics for fear of identification with irresponsible researchers.” Yes both Missouri and Hawaii have handled my moves in this fashion. At first they assume you owe them money, but if you provide documentation for where you were living and when then they cancel proceedings with no fuss. I'm not sure how I was able to escape California without dealing with this, but that was some years ago... Wow that really sucks. In hindsight, could you have hit up your current investors for the bridge round before shopping around the Valley, or would that have put VCs off too? This cuts both ways: if Google had a use for less skilled employees (I'm not saying they do, but anyone looking for customer service on her Nexus order might), they might still decide not to hire such employees specifically to avoid the regulations (and protests, apparently) involved with that. Wal-Mart has to hire these workers, but we can be sure if they had any reason to hire fewer of them they would. ...there is no need to double check your facts or to prove the null hypothesis. Don't we typically attempt to dis prove the null hypothesis? Perhaps prove/disprove is a misleading choice of words, but with those terms, the null hypothesis is never proved. When the null hypothesis is rejected, it is because our test results are below some very small threshold of probability given the assumption of the null (this is then taken as "proving" the alternative hypothesis for the purposes of this test). When the null is not rejected, our results might be just above that threshold, which by our method doesn't reject the null (and neither proves nor disproves the alternative) but certainly doesn't prove the null either. We never prove the null hypothesis: if that's what we were trying to do it wouldn't be the null. Not even Google Analytics? It seems like everybody is using that stuff. Incidentally, I agree with you. Thanks for posting this graph. My speculation just from looking at it is that just before that recharge the car traveled in a more efficient way (i.e. relatively constant 35-50MPH rather than 80MPH or stop-n-go 5MPH), so the rates of decrease in both charge and range with respect to miles traveled were less. Just because you don't like the consequences doesn't mean the carbon tax supporters don't intend them. At least carbon taxes are better than cap'n'trade. That scheme is corruption on wheels. I actually wouldn't mind carbon taxes if I could believe that they would completely forestall cap'n'trade. So much for Amazon's risible old saw that "sales taxes vary so much among jurisdictions that calculating taxes would be an onerous burden for us". There is some business size at which that is true, but Amazon has never been that small. Lots of folks use Vertex: http://www.vertexinc.com/solutions/indirect/sales-tax.asp Since Amazon has been growing its SaaS business for some time now one had to expect they were eventually going to want to make operating shopping cart checkout by yourself as tricky as possible. They might start lobbying municipalities to pile on the complications now that they're on the "right" side of this dispute. I think the states of Ozark and King might rival Shiprock for being the poorest. It seems weird how many cities are at the very edge of their large states. I know that's common for real states because rivers, but it seems to contradict what they're doing here. Aren't they trying to keep regional economic patterns within the same states? Springfield MO seems to sort with Tulsa, Topeka, or Columbia MO (we're not very original with our city names are we?) far more than with Little Rock or Memphis. Lexington would be more naturally included in any of the nearby states rather than in Blue Ridge. Also it's hilarious that Toledo isn't even close to being in Maumee. Fort Wayne is the single point where that state intersects with the Maumee River's watershed. A more suitable name for that state would be Wabash or Ohio or, to go by the highway signs, Lincoln. Still it's all good fun. You could use this as background for a dystopian (or not, depending on your politics) scifi story. Much better than "District 12" or whatever. This money transfer, about which urbanites complain regularly and in numerous contexts, is what one would expect given well-known legislative dynamics. Rural legislators represent constituents who are mostly against expanded benefits spending (you might say that these constituents' preferences are against their interests, but that doesn't change those actual observed preferences). In order for rural legislators to support new benefits against the wishes of their constituents, they must be bribed by receiving an outsize share. I think this redrawing of states would end that dynamic decisively, which maybe is what urban people want. Siblings capture much of what I mean by corruption. When the state creates new privileges and hands them out, incumbents with hundreds of lobbyists will get the lion's share. Do we really want to place e.g. Tesla at a disadvantage to BP? (You can see this at work in wireless spectrum allocation, as ATT and VZN get basically all new desirable spectrum.) Maybe society is indifferent to smaller competitors' plight in general, but this won't be good for innovation. Another aspect, perhaps more serious, is that it would be very difficult to audit incumbent carbon producers' use of carbon credits. These aren't physical items for which you can count inventory, nor are they currency which enters and leaves the corporation via double-entry bookkeeping; they are numbers on a spreadsheet that are credited and debited based on circumstances that have yet to be defined. Corporate executives may not be perfect stewards of shareholder interest, but they've never even thought of the stakeholders for carbon credits. Europe might not have had such problems, but my feeling is that our accountants aren't as honest or diligent as theirs are, and our corporations are governed differently. Also, for years before the introduction of cap'n'trade, large polluters will have the incentive to remain large polluters, so they get the most credits they possibly can. This is why energy lobbyists love to promote cap'n'trade, and they won't complain about a decade of lead time for it. As if the Gbps vs GBps vs GiB/s obfuscation weren't obnoxious enough, now I learn about GT/s. maintain a database of tens of thousands of tax jurisdictions across the country. This was always a red herring. Vertex (and presumably others, although I've only worked with Vertex) already maintains this database, and will help any company calculate taxes for a reasonable fee. Corporations with far lower revenues than Amazon have been taxing in many jurisdictions for decades. I can't blame the electorate either; they're just looking out for themselves the same as the rest of us do, because they are in fact the rest of us. There is no candidate now alive who will not rapidly succumb to the temptations of the lobbyists if given the opportunity. The problem can't be solved by voting for "good" people. I don't know who the hell to blame. It's the system man! If his only defense is bad advice from a marketing person, then this reporter has not adequately protected himself in this situation. This was a product review, and if he had used the product in the same way that any other consumer would use it then his only misfortune would have been some extra charging time. It's possible that if he had spent the extra time charging and then reported that, then Tesla and its obstreperous leader would have responded, "don't pay attention to the gauge on the screen, just listen to our marketing dude!" But that wouldn't have reflected as poorly on Broder as the current situation does. This is true even if you assume the best intentions from this reporter: he should know that Tesla is his adversary in his search for the truth and they will not suffer criticism passively. Many on HN and in the general public do not assume the best intentions of any reporter, and in light of that reporters should conduct themselves even more rigorously. Yeah if you can't collect your invoice then collecting your judgment might also be a challenge. Unfortunately there is no real property involved to which a mechanic's lien could be attached. This is probably the best thing this guy could have done short of getting paid up front, or setting up some sort of escrow. Intentionally increasing the attack surface of the product you deliver is not ethical. It's unlikely any developer in the situation you describe has tested the time bomb functionality well enough to exclude the possibility that an attacker could exploit it, either before or after the payment date or the cancellation patch. An aspect of the Hippocratic Oath applies here. The case described in TFA seems better, since the developer retained possession of legitimate control mechanisms, and used those in technically legitimate ways. (That is, updating the content and functionality served at a URL is a legitimate activity that occurs regularly.) In effect he's more of an unpaid service provider than an unpaid IT contractor in this case. No one would expect their phone to keep working without paying the phone bill, and until he turns over control of the site he should be expected to use that control. It's not like he's using a backdoor here. Seems pretty ambitious! The whole concept of VaR is an industry-wide consensus hallucination. Even if you do it right you're doing it wrong. But to your point, if this formula had been in a single library procedure in version control rather than pasted and repasted into various dingy corners of various spreadsheets, this sort of error would have been less likely. Manual handling of formulas is at least as dangerous as manual handling of data. in the financial services industry... in the real world You're not trying to tell us there's some overlap between these two places are you? I find I'm using Google Sheets for everything I used to use Excel for. It's easier to script, much easier to share, and if necessary it will export to Excel. I haven't run into anything I need that it won't do. Of course it wouldn't be ideal for a business with a lot of legacy stuff in Excel. I'm probably misunderstanding something, but how does this contradict seanmcdirmid? Why wouldn't Apple want to avoid 60% import taxes? Here I thought "switch" was just a parametric "goto". I only use it without "break". If you need "break" forget "switch" and just use "else if"'s as they are safer. A) 25x? I'd have to be an idiot to believe that. The ratio isn't that high between the USA and China. B) When I looked this up the ratio between Brazil and China ranges between 2x and 3.5x. (China doesn't have a single national minimum.) C) On the more important comparison, PPP per capita GDP the ratio is less than 2x. It seems like 60% tariffs are still significant. We're all acquainted with the nearly universal practice of doing most manufacture in a cheap nation and then doing only the final assembly (or sometimes disassembly) in the importing nation. If this isn't what you're seeing you haven't been paying attention. Nowhere on the linked page is there any reference to a 6.9 quake. There wasn't an earthquake of any kind, although, "Witnesses said the explosion was so loud that it resembled an earthquake and thunder at the same time..." I'm not sure what I'm supposed to believe anyway. Wasn't the rule that RT is considered accurate on any stories not involving Russia? The family didn't help either by withholding evidence. They should have created a mirror of the external drive, then handed the original to the police (instead of offering to do it the other way around). This is ridiculous. The Todds lost their son. The police did a desultory job of investigating his death, and the family have the drive only because of how poorly the police secured the scene. On what planet do the Todds owe the police anything? I think the theory is that murder is an easier/safer/cheaper option in nations where the police are easily bribed. I'm pretty sure that the nation in which Disneyland is located still has a death penalty. I really appreciate arbus's comment. You're right that it doesn't hang together in a completely rational way, but it is a rare accurate illustration of how Singaporeans really feel. For an empathetic person, it isn't hard to imagine feeling this way, if you grew up there. People in other countries also have idiosyncratic ways of tolerating the limitations of their systems. Singapore is perhaps an extreme case. (I lived in Singapore for a couple of years, a long time ago.) And it explains the large overlap among executives of large companies, military brass, and government ministers. They are all the same people: literally a guy is a CEO, because he is also a general and last year he was Minister for Whatever. I still laugh about the interview I saw with Lee Hsien Loong in which the obsequious (although perhaps rather clever) interviewer asked him whether he had been upset when Goh Chok Tong had immediately succeeded Lee Kwan Yew (Hsien Loong's father) as PM. LHL squirmed and laughed nervously, and stammered, "Well, ah, of course not. One cannot have unreasonable expectations." Even he was embarrassed for his country then. Someone who worried he was harming national security and then continued at his position for any time could face repercussions from the USA government for that. Obviously in hindsight it would have been better to get Shane out of the whole situation by any means necessary. In general, however, you shouldn't get FBI files started on your loved ones. After all, what would seem more likely: that one will be hassled by the FBI after one's mother calls the FBI, or that one's widely-respected first-world-government-affiliated employer will orchestrate one's murder upon resignation? Haha, I had just assumed it was one of the thousands of no-brand devices available cheap at Sim Lim Square. It wouldn't be odd not to recognize a drive in whatever cheap plastic case was available: it might actually be a case molded originally for a speaker! Thanks for the Spuddings link; that is fascinating. I especially appreciated the complaint about non-uniformed vs uniformed police. Due to a quirk of technology adoption around the time I lived in Singapore (i.e. everyone else was already on mobile phones), you could be reasonably certain that every Chinese man in his 40s-50s with sensible shoes and a pager on his belt was plainclothes police. It was amusing to watch them watching, and I can confirm the complaint that they paid more attention to Asian residents on labor visas than to anyone else. You would never see a clutch of skinny Indian guys walking around, without one of the plainclothes guys trailing them by twenty yards. I'm not sure if this answers your question, but the format includes PKG-INFO, which includes a "Requires" field. How do you envision disallowing dependencies for python packages working? Would all packages have to contain all of their dependencies? I don't think that would ever happen in python-land. It would break lots of things, for dubious benefit. PKG-INFO has included "Requires" since PEP 314, and I think actually there was tool support for it before that. So it might be a gradual process, but we're getting there. In the meantime, if you can, use a modern tool like "pip". If you can't because you're on Windows, it seems like this new "wheel" format is intended to ease construction of "bdist_wininst" or "bdist_msi" distributions from "sdist" distributions, so that should make your life better too. Dependency isolation is something that Java got right: compile everything into one jar and then deployment is just copying the jar and executing it. So that's why jars are always 100 MB! I don't think the python community will ever perceive this as the "right" way to distribute libraries. (Actually I'm not sure even java thinks jars are the right solution for libraries.) You'd probably get more agreement if it were declared the right way to do AMIs or buildout recipes or whatever. The drawback is that you are responsible for security vulnerabilities in the libraries you install. It's one thing to say that the sysadmin is responsible for security, but it's another to make sure they have access to fifty rebuilt binary distributions every time a library upon which those depend has a security update. There's dependency isolation and then there's dependency isolation. When in-country, Todd's followed the rules. They were in Singapore to collect their son's possessions, and they did that. This saved the Singapore police and/or the landlord from having to sell or throw away those possessions. If there were any way for them to do the police's job of investigating the incident, I'm sure they would have attempted that as well, since clearly the police abdicated that responsibility. Now they're in the USA, and Singapore's rules no longer apply to them. The police can do anything with a disk image they could have done with the original disk, except tamper with the evidence. If they still claim to require the original disk, that clearly demonstrates their intentions. I'm not advocating it as the right way to distribute libraries. It's the right way to deploy applications. OK, I agree that's a different case, one for which jars may be appropriate whenever you don't have access to an OS-level package manager. But when is that? When using Windows, but not in the enterprise? Surely most would avoid that grim situation. Since I use apt or the equivalent to install and update apps (unless I have a reason to be closer to the current version), I primarily think of python distributions as providing libraries, although of course they may include applications as well. It just means that whoever is responsible for security (which should be operations _and_ development, IMO) need a list of the libraries used as part of an application. Of course it's nice when the applications one installs are supported by developers in the same organization, but it's a rare luxury that doesn't obtain for the typical sysadmin. Even in that case, however, aren't you proposing to make a lot of work for yourself that your package manager is happy to do instead? Maybe the differences persisted because they were built into the model using a mechanism other than the Gulf Stream? Maybe the model was based on some other assumption that implicitly produces the differences? Models seem very easy to do poorly. They seem basically impossible to do well. The question, "how would temperature differences between North America and Europe change if the Gulf Stream ceased?" is not of a scientific nature. If the people who run unions were smart, they would have gotten rid of H-1B a long time ago. The tech industry is the only part of the USA economy that even has a potential for the sort of labor shortage required for healthy private-sector unions. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, the pharmaceutical and health-care-product industries, combined with organizations representing doctors, hospitals, nursing homes, health services and HMOs, have spent $5.36 billion since 1998 on lobbying in Washington. That dwarfs the $1.53 billion spent by the defense and aerospace industries and the $1.3 billion spent by oil and gas interests over the same period. That’s right: the health-care-industrial complex spends more than three times what the military-industrial complex spends in Washington. So, the same root cause as many other problems in this country. As soon as we get the government into purchasing e.g. video games, closet organizers, computer security, vacuum cleaners, etc. we'll have the same problems with those industries we have now with healthcare, education, law enforcement, etc. So does Spolsky get credit for SO or not? You can't have it both ways. Gosh, it seems like state bureaucrats can't figure out how best to spend money, and don't care to hire anyone who can. How might one's political preferences change in response to this shocking revelation? This is bullshit. They could have put the network engineer from the Department (the guy who confirmed he had not requested dual power supplies) on this for a week, and he would have had a solid estimate for far less. Put him on it a month and he could have had an itemized order with the exact models to order from Cisco or from any of its competitors. If he were busy with other duties, any other network engineer in the state's employ could have done the same. If they were all too busy, a consultant could have been hired on for a month's engagement at two to three times the FTE cost. I agree! I strongly suspect that if I lived in Denmark I would support the Danish system: clearly it's working well for them! When I lived in e.g. Singapore and Japan I witnessed those (different) systems working better than ours in many ways, to their credit. The few relative drawbacks I noticed I attribute to the different preferences of the populations (i.e. they aren't really drawbacks in the citizens' estimations). Just as clearly, our system of public officials and lobbyists does not work very well. Most Americans would claim to prefer that there be less wasted money. We just can't get there from here. This might be difficult to administer. Nobody smart stores users' passwords directly, so it's not like they can list different passwords with their associated permissions on a page. If you go with user-selected "nicknames", then do you require the app to use the nickname too? Or do you just compare with all the hashes on the user's account? Maybe instead the app has to pass a hash of the perms themselves, serialized in some canonical way. How many users can figure this out? I've known DBAs who couldn't figure out analogous situations. Even so, you're probably right in the long term. Don't leave us hanging! b^) I suppose when I say, "they could have" I mean that some appropriately-empowered decision maker who had an interest in making the right decision could have either assigned his own network engineers to do the work, or could have assigned such an engineer to hire someone else to do the work. I probably shouldn't assume that such a decision maker does exist. I played DF quite a bit a few years ago. Sometime later I read Reamde, by Neal Stephenson: http://www.amazon.com/Reamde-A-Novel-Neal-Stephenson/dp/0062... I only just realized, reading the comments here, how much the description of the game in Reamde is patterned after DF, with simulations of geological and even planetary processes driving mundane scenery and resource distribution. Although of course in the novel it's a MMORPG because that's cooler. b^) If this legal mechanism further discourages small players from playing a game they already can't win, that's a benefit. Even without this mechanism, I really doubt a small entity could sue A or G on any IP matter and actually come out ahead in a financial sense. Our IP protections were not constructed with the interests of individuals and small firms in mind. (edit: and of course dangoldin is correct about the NPE thing, d'oh!) It appears that crouton doesn't actually replace the OS, so you're both right. He's right that this at least better than the "we use cookies" notice. I've got no argument with, "If... you find yourself about to say “But you shouldn’t want to do X” for any value of X, you should be nervous." When he nearly proposes repealing HIPAA (which might be a good idea for other reasons!), however, he's in the weeds. If there is a disagreement between the real world and your protocol, your protocol is wrong. ...America is not one of them. When my poorer friends here in rural USA ask me what the hell that "privilege" concept is, I'm going to point them at this comment. If I were still a student I might hope that this will be a sort of "it gets worse before it gets better" moment, in that the faculty are the only party even theoretically capable of arresting Harvard's ethical and managerial decline. Experience indicates that having been blind for decades, they're unlikely to see the light now. The Harvard bureaucracy is big enough and old enough that its true purpose is itself. Only the faculty ever had the power to re-focus the bureaucracy's efforts on students and veritas . I wonder if they still have that power now. Though TFA quotes several professors' criticisms of the administration's actions, I wonder how much of the issue they're really seeing. Mitzenmacher, for example, has in the past defended the Ad Board categorically. (e.g. http://mybiasedcoin.blogspot.com/2008/10/on-ad-board-harvard... ) Prof. Lewis, however, I find an inspiration in every sense: academic, moral, human, etc. I just have the feeling that he is a lone voice of decency in Cambridge. Update from the offending deans: http://www.fas.harvard.edu/home/content/deans-communications Précis : secrecy is literally the most important thing ever. I would have hoped that this policy would also have been exempt from this pervasive mania for secrecy. The Harvard community in general is well-served to know: 1) that there is a different policy for athletes than for other students 2) that at least some of the "guilty" students were convinced by trusted Harvard faculty (possibly including coaches?) to take a "plea bargain" rather than inconvenience the Ad Board with making a proper determination of guilt 3) that the resident deans, who are privy to many of the secret actions of the administration, don't trust the administration, and they have good reason not to trust it. Maybe we should have known these things already? Then what harm has resulted from letting the public in general in on it? Skipping over the pathetic whinging about tone, this is not simply an employer/employee relationship. The President and Fellows were charged in 1650 with "the advancement of all good literature, arts, and sciences". That can be boiled down to: veritas . There is nothing to support selfish deans avoiding public scrutiny of their poor decisions. With sufficient karma (trying to remember: was it 300? 400?), you can set the color you prefer. The NIST contests are great, but I would expect that running such a contest for a hash or a cipher is easier than doing so for most protocols. It is possible to define exactly what a cryptographic hash must do in order to be considered a cryptographic hash. I think one would have a harder time making an analogous characterization of the solution space for HTTP security. Whatever eventually replaces TLS, I doubt it will be something that could have emerged from a limited-duration contest. If the MITM can do that, it doesn't need to attack cookies does it? It can just impersonate the remote site and steal user-entered credentials. Sharp-eyed users or up-to-date browsers might notice the lack of https for popular sites, and also 2FA, but in general e.g. a malicious WAP has many options. Or I could be very wrong about this. Please advise. For sure! I was responding more to the lament that TLS is different from e.g. SHA3. As I see it, this difference is inevitable. If this is a common thing, how does the party holding you liable typically show that the car was unlocked? I'd expect a "confession" by one who stole a car to be worth very little in a civil action by a third party against the owner of that car. We need a unique term for such behavior. "Trolling" seems to be a different, broader thing. "Karma griefing"? b^) Let's be fair. the_watcher posts a comment of fifteen words. It's too much to expect "nuanced debate" in a single sentence. I take it you were unconvinced by that sentence; do you believe your three sentences are much more persuasive? Can you imagine a viewpoint that approves most state-provided security services, yet still rejects the actions of the Attorneys General in this case? Perhaps you're upset by the language? "Paternalist", to my eye, is a descriptive term that closely matches the circumstances under discussion. If you find that adjective has unfortunate connotations, by all means suggest another that has approximately the same definition. You have a security problem. You call the police. Now you have two security problems. I'll stipulate that this isn't what we were taught in junior high civics, but it is the experience of many communities in the USA that security problems are best handled without the intervention of police. Both the AP and the client station produce nonces, which together with the passphrase and other values are used to calculate "pairwise" keys and eventually session keys. This makes hijacking more difficult. As you intuit, however, it can certainly be done by one who knows the passphrase and is able to sniff the nonces. As Schneier describes it, there is a trade-off. Would you rather be kicked by your ISP for T&C violations, or imprisoned and branded a sex offender for your neighborhood wireless hacker's kiddie porn habits? If the chances of each scenario were roughly equal, I'd certainly agree with Schneier to prefer the former scenario. Since the former scenario seems much more likely than the latter I'm not so sure. What mechanism can you imagine that would produce such a nightmare scenario? Is there a fat-soluble (or otherwise stored) nutrient of which most human bodies contain a five to ten year supply? No I didn't think so. If Soylent Dude and his merry band of poor cooks can prove our current nutritional understanding wrong by dying five to ten years from now, then they should. Chunky? You should travel to the Midwest and Southern USA. It might blow your mind. BMI is very flawed as a measure of any imaginable health outcome. You'd be better served to ask about blood pressure, pulse, blood glucose, albumin, etc. He has adjusted the fiber portion to meet his alimentary needs. That might not have been the most pleasant part of this experiment, but it wouldn't be difficult. This optimization is premature in that he's trying to optimize for time and effort when we haven't yet nailed — in terms of fully understanding — the whole "optimal nutrition" thing. Yet every single chef in every single restaurant and every single cook in every single home also optimizes for performance, although not quite as exclusively as Soylent Dude. I think you haven't articulated your actual complaint here. You're right, but sadly this innovation, if it works, has the potential to make the problem worse . Human population, like any population of any organism, will grow logistically approaching some limiting factor. If we don't like a world in which 10B people are limited by agricultural capacity, we'd like a world in which 100B people are limited by something else even less. The solution is to find cultural limits lower than our agricultural limits. It's possible that we've already done this, and we won't know it until all of Africa undergoes the demographic transition. (Please note: by cultural limits I mean things like changing family norms rather than forced sterilization, resource-motivated warfare, and other such monstrous practices.) optimise for taste ...and texture, and price, and familiarity, and ethical sourcing, and religious approval, and cetera, and cetera. Maybe you don't care about halal or free-range, but some people do. Like I said, Soylent Dude is more exclusive in his optimization, but I still contradict the proposition that, "This optimization is premature..." How could it be premature when every human food preparer has been doing it since the invention of fire? And the karma limit is intended to ensure that the people who take this quite expected action have good taste. But if [he gets some] analogue of scurvy or something, I... will probably even have nontrivial schadenfreude. That is the most conservative thing I've heard in at least a year, and I live in the Midwest. With a mindset so diametrically opposed to that of the hacker, how can you stomach HN? I won't bitch about this decision, because after all I got more than my money's worth. I do wonder if the change doesn't weaken the whole Google "Suite" though. Google (until quite recently anyway) seems to be focusing a great deal on G+. The vast majority of my G+ posts come from Reader; I doubt I'll be posting to G+ in future. I know G+ can live without me, but as far as I can tell the only value in G+ comes from its integration with the rest of the "Suite". If Facebook or Amazon had been in this situation, instead of killing Reader, they would have focused it more and more on feeding, promoting, and otherwise bolstering their other services, probably to the detriment of actually reading RSS. Probably to the point where some, but not all users would have become disgusted and quit using Reader anyway. Google doesn't do that sort of thing, which I guess is to its credit. They've left out the most important part: paying lawyers thousands of dollars! ... most of the content you enjoy will end up behind a paywall. This is often threatened, occasionally attempted, and rarely continued after the resulting precipitous traffic drop. "Content" is not rare. If a particular producer can't figure out a remuneration technique that doesn't annoy consumers, she'll find her lunch eaten by competing producers who can. You're a high profile figure and you expect us to believe that? For someone in this situation, it's very unfortunate that Google doesn't have this info anymore! Although historical records would be more dispositive, it isn't difficult to verify that someone is running open wifi now. ...run your own shit. Except if you're running your own chat server you won't be able to connect to Gtalk users. Does Matthew Keys deserve to mentioned alongside Aaron Swartz? Swartz's actions seem somehow more... noble. Both of them "abused" their access, but Swartz did so to make a political point about scientific knowledge, in the hopes of improving our society. I can't discern what Keys's motivations were in this case. It's possible however that this makes Keys a "better" defendant, in that the law is clearly unjust even in his case. They're not negligent? Would you like them to handle your private data in this fashion? How about your children's data? That's circular reasoning. We started with, "he accessed a computer". Then we asked, "what was his criminal intent in accessing that computer?" You can't answer, "to access that computer." If he had sold the data to the Russians, that would have been the criminal intent we're seeking. As simple as it was, the "squares" will always see this behavior as "hacking". Which is one of the many reasons why we should have much more specific laws than we have. The phrase "access to a computer" is so vague and vapid that it's useless for writing a just law. This is really a matter of taste. You should at least be aware that you're monkeypatching, and code and test accordingly. Many people have good results from monkeypatching, and even more have good results from calling well-written-and-tested libraries that monkeypatch. Where's the apology? I'm just seeing general info about chartjs. Maybe there has been a change of heart? See: lactose tolerance GP specifically mentioned that and dismissed it with a seemingly reasonable argument; care to respond to that? Besides, most humans are not lactose tolerant as adults. Has there been any research concerning a putative phytic acid tolerance? If so, have we identified a particular set of relevant genes? Have we studied the incidence of these genes in various populations? I sort of assume that humans can handle most compounds they eat on a regular basis, but it seems that many compounds are harmful when consumed in excessive amounts. I'll speculate they're using the referrer, although I think that only lets you jump up one level and then you're stuck. The client isn't required to send the referer header so it may not work at all. Still there are some plausible situations in which it works. Bitcoin and its users have no duty to any existing "economy", and certainly don't amount to one themselves. If one's holdings of bitcoin appreciate with respect to some other commodity, eventually the wealth effect will make investment and other spending in that second commodity attractive. No one is in any sense stuck in a "bitcoin economy". If I'm misunderstanding, please clarify. Have any loans ever been denominated in bitcoin? Given the disadvantages of a bitcoin loan, some of which you cite, when should we expect such to occur? Is there any reason to believe bitcoin could affect the supply or demand of loans denominated in other currencies? All of this makes sense, which leads me to think that when you said "deflation is bad" above you meant it in a very general sense rather than as a criticism of bitcoin. After all if there will never be significant loans in bitcoin it can't very well be implicated in a breakdown of the lending system. Sorry for misunderstanding. What did you trust Amazon to do or not to do before, that you no longer trust now? ...the current regulatory laws force the businesses to use ActiveX. Wow. Here I was thinking CFAA was a bad law. Although it's at least implied in most vows, many people can't imagine a marriage surviving hard financial times. www. spamhaus.org seems to be up. I had never seen the "Internet Census" [0] paper they linked before. Researchers scanned the whole IPv4 space for telnet daemons that would respond to root/root, in one night, using the unsecured machines they found. Really cool! [0] http://internetcensus2012.bitbucket.org/paper.html This seems likely. Still, with a bit of planning they could have gotten around this. Everything dealing with identity could have been served from a single domain. There probably would still have been issues, but they would have been resolvable. I've spent some time in gay bars, and I'm not gay. (I have friends!) I've never felt the discomfort you're theorizing, even in those rowdy establishments where jokes are occasionally told. I can imagine feeling unsafe in a bar, but it wouldn't be because of a romantic proposal. I can't imagine feeling unsafe in an auditorium listening to a technical presentation at a conference. Ummm, my reading of the thread is that we're not going to do business with Adria's employer because of her actions. That's a different thing. You don't see a difference between an employee losing her job and a company losing some business? You must be in management. If PyCon is one of these "venues that require customers to agree to a code of conduct barring inappropriate jokes", many people will consider whether it's a venue in which they feel safe. I prefer mercy to "justice", as if the latter ever happens, as if we'd recognize it if it did. I don't want anyone to be fired for her speech, but I realize that in this world it's going to happen occasionally. I'm sure you'll misunderstand this comment, because you have systematically misunderstood every comment in this thread so far, but I mean it when say that I would have preferred that none of the parties involved be fired as a result of this incident. I'm sorry that happened to you. Even so, I wish you could see that the scenario you've described is not helpful for many people who are trying to imagine feeling unsafe in the situation the woman describes: a full auditorium, two dorky bearded dudes in a sea of dorky bearded dudes, and the sort of mindless unconscious chatter in which people engage while they're waiting for the windbag conference organizers to get to the fucking point. Had they droned on a few more hours they probably could have busted a few more neckbeards. I'll stipulate that the woman was pissed off, but in no sense did she feel unsafe . When I search her post for the string 'safe', I find one mention of the dorky dudes' temporary feelings of safety and how that sort of thing leads to genocide. There is another mention of PyCon being safe in a general sense. There is no claim that she ever felt unsafe , and your focus on that adjective is unhelpful. I'm not so sure how effective their defense is: I get a memory error on that page now. Get a good night's sleep and re-read that one in the morning. The very first sentence of that is about consequences for the business, and the rest of it is in response to that. Others have suggested that the SendGrid employee should be fired, but that's not what Karunamon is suggesting in the comment you link. I think it's relevant that when I examine Playhaven's site, the "Leadership" sidebar features twelve different individuals in various leadership positions, none of whom are women. Balanced recruiting in this industry is difficult of course, but they don't appear to have made much of an effort in this area. They probably know they've allowed themselves to be vulnerable not just to public criticism but also to concentrated advocacy and perhaps even legal action. Their rash actions concerning their former employee don't require any complicated explanation like "what else has this bastard done to deserve getting fired?"; they're probably just praying no one notices what a culture of discrimination they've created. How many of the mosaic of "United Colors" pictures they imply are employees are actually stock photos? Why has a games company handicapped itself so much in developing products for half of the games-playing population? When will Playhaven promote its first woman to a leadership position? Would a woman have made the same stupid firing decision this sausage-party of an executive team made? [edit: http://www.playhaven.com/team is the page I'm referencing. In case it changes, I see the following names listed under "Leadership": Andy Yang, Michiel Frishert, Jason Liu, Charles Yim, Ville Heijari, Brian Doxtator, Brian Howell, John P. Joseph, Sutton Trout, Zach Phillips, Thomas Gieselmann, and Hany Nada] Wow if anything this announcement is more terse and unfeeling than Playhaven's was. I guess companies have to do this in the USA, but it makes me sad. Is that an abuse of the feature? I seem to recall that after enough upvotes, flags don't really have an effect. DanBC alone isn't going to bury anything that enough HNers want to see. It's not about what I infer. It's about what is inferred by disadvantaged parties and their advocates, especially once the stupid remarks of an employee have focused the attentions of those on the company. Ten different personnel decisions have been made, for a set of mostly-business-oriented executive positions (seriously, VPs of Ad, Mark, Biz Dev, and "Pub" Dev plus a single non-S VP of "Product and Engineering"? what kind of tech company is this?) and in no case could a suitable woman be found? Your Honor, we rest our case. Besides, this page is the public face of the company, which they choose to show the public. The semiotics of the "United Colors of Benetton" mosaic is clear, but it is undermined by the "Leadership" sidebar, under even the most generous possible reading. Well I'm a moron. I guess you got your wish. Yeah, maybe it's because I'm hard of hearing, but I find that I never hear inside-voice comments from the audience when I'm listening to a presentation. I actually have some pity for those whose hearing is so acute that they suffer from such distractions. You're right of course. In retrospect, if both of these companies had had some adults in charge, the CEOs would have reached out to each other, apologized, and agreed to table the issue for two weeks. The employees involved would have been admonished not to say a fucking thing, and to delete all the crap they'd posted so far. After two weeks, we jibbering morons of the internet would have moved on, and the two CEOs could then jointly announce an amicable settlement, and joint corporate donation of $X to the PSF by way of apology to that august body for all the bullshit. (Seriously, I feel more sorry for the PSF than anyone else: they actually have attempted to do the right thing and this is what it gets them. What is the motivation for any other conference to get inclusive policies in place?) Everyone would have come out of that scenario smelling better than they smell now. I find they're easier to kill than rabbits. I've never hunted elephants. b^) Have they been sitting on this story? In our hour of triumph! At least they didn't wait until the Crimson beat Arizona. Seriously though, NAQT might consider not depending on the honor system for access to the questions that are the basis of their entire competition. This ain't Ultimate Frisbee. I tend to delete when I reach minus figures... Is this a common practice? If you do this do you avoid the existing karma hit, or is it just to avoid going more negative yet? Let's say the TSA was a complete and total mistake, and history will prove that to be right. But how long will it take to kill the TSA? It's already been a decade, and I can easily see it last another decade..... It's country's culture right now that TSA and plenty of other "counter-terrorist" measures (including the stamping of the 4th amendment) are "needed". This is well illustrated by the media-incited reaction to the recent relaxing of the pocketknife ban. Somehow the squawky news shows could find dozens of people prepared to worry on-camera about getting stabbed with penknives in an airplane, as if that were ever a problem anywhere ever. They even had "experts" talk about the clear and present danger of hijacking-by-threatening-a-baby-with-a-knife. (Because that's such a common method for e.g. robbing banks.) I almost suspect someone at the TSA had coordinated it with the media beforehand, but there will never be a shortage of purse-clutchers ready to affirm the status quo. Probably everyone born after 1945 should start checking the "nazi war criminal" one, but I'm not brave enough to be the first. I upvoted your top comment but I'm definitely downvoting this whinging about downvoting. That shit has to stop, or HN will become truly unreadable. There is more information at the EFF page [0] linked in TFA, although not quite the same "call to action". [0]: https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/03/defend-open-web-keep-d... Well that's one reading of TFA and the NAQT announcements. It's clear however that the attackers in this case had been given access to the same site, backed by the same database, that contained the data they were attacking. There may have been additional ad hoc countermeasures designed to restrict them to a proper subset of the data, but this is probably OWASP's "Failure to Restrict URL Access" rather than something more easily validated like e.g. TLS setup. I'm not saying that an app couldn't defend against such a threat, but it would be a higher bar to clear, easily obviated by the reasonable policy of maintaining separate sites for the high school and college questions. A higher-level threat than the dudes they caught (not sure NAQT has such, but whatever) will typically seek privilege escalation before doing anything that betrays its intentions. These dudes just used their own credentials to view the "List of Questions" page a bunch of times in the week before their competitions. Other attackers, who used their site access to attack the credentials or clients of those users with legitimate access to this data, have not been caught. The battery historically was the most massive component. Letting it pop out of the chassis dissipated a great deal of the impact force, so the more delicate components were somewhat protected from the shock. Well there seems to be a consensus. If you can't afford to lose your investment, you shouldn't be investing at all. I doubt they would have let Madoff use this excuse. I'm not saying these dudes are anything like that jackhole, but rather that there is a difference between the risks inherent in the security or commodity (in this case bitcoin) and the counter-party risk of your broker screwing up the bookkeeping. Coinbase have made the latter risk appear significant. ...their buy price sometimes fails to catch up with the current exchanges rates... This is an existential flaw in their business. Why don't they just reject transactions at expired prices? (If they wanted to be slightly more evil, they could do this in one direction only.) This will affect the response they get from "awesome software engineers in SF", even if they are actually thriving. If you said this was a poor example, I would at least understand what you're trying to say, but how on earth is Madoff a straw man in this instance? Try to to separate your [legitimately] dim view of Madoff from the fashion in which his example illustrates the phenomenon of counter-party risk. I wouldn't characterize the experiences of the customers on this thread as "convenient". If a commodity-trading system works except in cases of 2-sigma volatility, then the system doesn't work. I'm just responding to metaverse's reasonable hypothesis here. Coinbase ought to diminish speculation by providing information, unless there are legal reasons for them not to do so. If Kickstarter doesn't stop this sort of thing, it will soon be overrun with this sort of thing. I'm not necessarily against soliciting charity for those who may not deserve it (after all that would mean I'm against most non-profits in the USA), and there may be a sustainable business model for it somewhere else , but if this becomes "a thing" it will detract from the point of Kickstarter. ...don't you think Kirsten Bell could just bankroll the $2m Veronica Mars movie herself? Why on earth would anyone think that? It isn't hard to find out what work she's done [0]: on that page, I see a bunch of guest appearances on TV, roles in a few movies I've never heard of, and a starring role on one TV series, to which she was signed when absolutely unknown. (Unknown actors signed to new programs are typically locked in for years of low pay, because they're "lucky to be working at all".) Also she is listed as producer of one minor movie and one planned movie. I certainly hope Ms. Bell has good financial habits, but I don't see how she could have saved $.2M from this body of work, let alone $2M, especially while living in Hollywood. [0] http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0068338/ Given the comments made, GP has a valid question. What do you think of the $10K reward where the boys apologize? How much do we have to give for them to whip themselves like penitents while they apologize? What a bummer. I'm totally disillusioned now. The moisture charts he generated using a kitchen scale. To generate valid charts for taste, he would have to use a blind panel of skilled human tasters, which would have been much more expensive. How about using two glyphs, with U+00A2 for the second? ฿¢ B¢ b¢ etc. Just log out of your email provider. Really? Is this enough? Elsewhere in this discussion, mention is made of delegating to a different Persona provider. How will your browser (which, near as I can tell, is directing traffic for this protocol, either natively or through an extension) know that clicking "log out" on an email app should make it stop using certs associated with a different Persona app? Even if it were the same provider, perhaps under a different subdomain, this link between email app and everything else seems pretty tenuous. I think there should be an obvious switch to throw in the browser. Perhaps I'm really misunderstanding things; please advise. FYI, latest stable Firefox says... I'm sure e12e knows this. If you don't want to see that message, you need to install the CAcert root certificate in your browser or OS. While you're doing that, take a look at all the root certificates that are already in there: you might decide CAcert is more trustworthy than most of those organizations! That is not my interpretation of the original question, but thanks for clarifying. This discussion points to a potential for a sort of confusion we've seen before. It used to be a big user education problem to get all users to press the "log out" button when they were done using a site, especially on "public" computers. To some people maybe this is still a problem? (Actually, before that it was a bit of a struggle getting sites to implement "log out" functionality, and we just had session cookies multiplying everywhere.) If my browser has stored Persona certs associated with various sites but gives me no visual indication of that, it's very possible that I might become confused about where and whether I'm logged in. The various sites to which I'm logged in might have different requirements for auto-logout, etc. It seems that Persona is trying to ignore these issues a bit by saying "this is just for low-value authentication", but fixing the problem seems possible. Incorporating Persona functionality into the browser should allow better security notifications than are possible just through HTML/JS/CSS from individual sites. The user should have the option to easily throw away certs (i.e. without clicking through a bunch of "Settings" dialogs), and should have the information she needs to know when to do that. That's really interesting. I had previously assumed that the stored cert was per-user and available for many sites, with each site using its stored cert from the Persona provider to validate the user cert from the client. (I'm not sure why I assumed that.) Now I see that it's per-user and per-site. The more I learn the more I like Persona. This is why they will eventually just make their already-much-put-upon employees do these deliveries on their way home from work. Probably with no compensation beside, "congratulations you get to keep your job for another couple of days!" Haha this would be kind of awesome. Obviously this would be bad news for the open resolvers' home networks, but could their upstreams handle it (i.e. maybe they would have to drop resolver traffic but not anything else)? If so maybe this Cloudflare should prepare such a response for the next time someone pulls this. I agree with nearly all of these, and I even agree with this point: Conscious of trailing slashes... Redirect to preferred form. The interleaved explanation, however, is problematic: Stick with trailing slashes or no trailing slashes. A trailing slash indicates a resource that is in some sense a container. (Historically one would have called this a directory.) The browser knows that '.' refers to the current resource with a trailing slash, while it refers to the parent resource path when the current resource doesn't have a trailing slash. You want to leave off the slash when you know a particular resource is a leaf node. I actually wouldn't have a problem with advice to "stick with trailing slashes", but I don't think "no trailing slash" would be a sustainable policy. It would be too difficult to keep URLs straight between the server and the browser side. I think the implication was rather that Java dudes would be uncomfortable working with a modern JS library, and here is one example of why. Normal people don't have to run. Even secrecy-minded orgs like the CIA are moving apps to these platforms. Typically a regulation won't say "no cloud", but e.g. FISMA would require an online infrastructure to pass certain third-party assessments. I suspect they want the same thing wrt immigration: more immigrants with commercially exploitable skills, admitted through programs that maximize commercial exploitation, while still pandering to the cretins' demand for more and higher fences. IANAL but it seems especially bad that the verdict was unanimous . I guess it really is time to shutter the USDA, because any pretense that this government supports the farmer, rather than the same corporate interests that all other agencies do, is demolished at this point. OK, but we can probably say, "many websites have not prevented unsavory inbound links". How can these sites be helped? Do they need to "referer-bomb" (e.g. how some photo sites that didn't favor image embedding used to serve goatse to unrecognized referers) these links to a "don't count this link" document? Could Google propose a standard semantics for such a document? Can't farmers still use non-Monsanto seeds like they could 100 years ago? Well, they can't buy such seeds at the elevator like they could 100 years ago. And now they can't plant elevator seeds period, without paying the Monsanto tax. (I know that isn't the explicit text of the ruling, but it is certainly its result for the most marketable crops.) My grandpa's small family farm has been doing just fine without for decades, after all. Yeah I'm sure his unicorn herd is thriving. If you actually have a family connection to agriculture, you know that outside a few sheltered crops like avocados, "family" farming has been steadily supplanted by corporate farming. I'm not against that per se , because competition, but my point was to impeach the oft-repeated lobbyists' saw that USDA is "for the farmers! [and their children!]" what's the incentive to develop "superior" seeds if the first farmer who buys them can farm them and resell them at a lower cost until the end of time? Monsanto already make a killing selling Roundup, to which these seeds are a completely complementary good. If Monsanto were good at business rather than evil at business, they would increase the price of Roundup and give the seeds away. (That would still be bad for both the environment and agriculture, but it wouldn't be as bad.) this decision makes its harder to introduce those supposedly-evil GMOs in our American farms News flash from the mid-90s: GMO crops are here already, in fact in many areas most farmers use them; that's why you can't avoid them at the elevator. the license was violated here I can see this point. Contracts should be honored. However, the string "patent" occurs 96 times in the ruling in question. ("licens" occurs eight times.) It is difficult to credit that this was a case about licenses rather than one about patents. More background on Monsanto: http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/features/2008/05/monsanto... Those who concentrate on questions of narrow legality with respect to this organization are missing the forest for the trees. We have observed this system long enough to know what it does. The reason this system employs an army of lawyers and private investigators against the town of Pilot Grove (literally, the henchmen outnumber the population of the town!) is not because it seeks justice in fair proceedings. They kill the chicken to frighten the monkeys. It doesn't actually matter what a particular farmer has done when the Monsanto Man starts snooping around. The Beast must be fed, and until all American farmland is under the control of a single corporate operator that transfers all profits directly to Monsanto, the Beast will be on the hunt. It's rooted in a superficial theory of crowd psychology. It doesn't really matter whether passengers obey the cabin crew in most situations, but the two you mention are exceptions. Particularly during landing, if some moron is dancing around in the aisle, she is likely to hurt herself or someone else. The airline is the only deep pocket in that situation, so it's considered very important that passengers submit at that time. The more random rules they can heap on (keep your windowshade up, keep all your items under the seat, no Gameboy-playing, etc.), the more cowed the passengers and the more rare the expensive injury lawsuit. It's like those religions that really depend on their congregants' obeying to the point of never really thinking: all of those ban the consumption of alcohol. The hypothesized "video chat" protocol extension to XMPP already exists and it's called Jingle. FOSS client support isn't great, but it is progressing. So if this service isn't open to FOSS clients, that's more an issue of strategy than resources. (And indeed, the decision might change in future and be attributed to improved FOSS client performance.) If the service is indeed closed, however, they probably ought to update this page: https://developers.google.com/talk/open_communications How about this one: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5699429 Whatever. I'm glad people are looking at this because it is incredible. EDIT: I do wonder, however, that the link from 3 days ago only has one point, which is what it had as soon as it was created. Presumably elemeno appended the "#" before he submitted the link, because if he had just submitted the link then the 3-day-ago link would have at least two points. Is automatically adding the hash a thing that people do? Is reposting non-hashed links from several days before with added hashes a thing that people do? I guess since this version of the link has been upvoted 201 times, elemeno actually has provided a valuable service to HN. Just to close the circle, this one also has a hash at the end: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5721006 Clearly Cheng and Newegg can pass that test. More apt perhaps would be: "curb-stomping the troll, desecrating the remains, and then mailing the whole mess in a bucket to its mother"? Yeah, but no one ever accused Lucent of being "one of the best-run... in the world". I worked there, and I saw management do some jaw-droppingly stupid things. So that's basically every interactive site ever? It certainly includes AJAX but it probably includes basic HTML over HTTP. In addition to sp332's well-taken points, there is the fact that what Microsoft sees, it cannot prevent the USA government and its allies from seeing. Many Skype customers would see that as an unacceptable threat. Very weird! The really old one didn't come up for me. It came up for you, but the 3-day-old one didn't. I would speculate that we're seeing the CAP Theorem in action, except I know I've read that HN is hosted on a single box. You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. There's only one co-founder you can't get rid of. I've tried! (I haven't tried the obvious method, if only because it isn't obviously effective for this problem.) His suggestion that he and Koller co-teach the course is a cop-out. She should call his bluff, but then design a course of instruction that isn't cherry-picked to support the conclusion that state college professors ought to have complete job security. That discussion seemed to be about server names? b^) Well then I certainly hope that "Plus" will be recognized as a failure sooner rather than later, because as TFA states that crap is getting spread over all the good stuff Google does. When normal people start using other search engines and maps to avoid the Plus hassles, Google should know they are damaging the franchise. Who wants this? Are Google so hopeless in strategy that they have to borrow from Facebook? Many services do not require an "identity", and in fact are of less value when associated with an identity, or when using them while not so associated is more difficult. "Credentials" do not contribute to the act of reading a map. ("Location" might, but not in all circumstances, so that shouldn't be required either.) I probably misunderstand you, but are you saying that a user should not let her own preferences guide her choices? If she is allowed that small concession, should she not share her preferences with others on HN? I'm not bashing Google, but I am bashing this "desire" that you've articulated more explicitly than most. This user doesn't want to use that sort of suite of services. That's one reason I'm not on Facebook. If there are important strategic reasons to ape Facebook in this fashion, I don't see them. If the reason is more a perception that they have to do something , that's sad. Care to respond to this complaint? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5751928 I know this used to be the case, and makes a certain amount of sense when each box is physically accessible, but it seems unsustainable in the Cloud Age. Perhaps each online service we provide can be whimsically named, but that seems impractical for the constellation of DB servers, caches, app servers, load balancers, etc. that support a typical service. The 4th link down: https://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/all&q=motorcycle... I have a strong suspicion as to how you'll take this comment, but please note that "Jess Austin" is my actual name and this is not my first comment. The problems you perceive with HN are not perceived as problems by many of its users. Since the solutions you suggest have been considered and rejected in the past, one may assume that the operators of the site have a similar opinion. As a user, your response to that reality can take a number of forms. You can simply stop paying attention to HN, and probably cut down on the stress in your life. You can escalate your posting of this sort of opinion, which will probably have a different result. I suggest that you pause to reconsider your opinions. The "one-off flame" you cite reads like something else to me. It is simply a request for everybody to stop encouraging the submission of uninteresting material to HN. As evidence to back up the request, the poster offers the proposition that your behavior and communications have annoyed many people for many years. I'm sure there are people on Earth who would disagree with that proposition, but they don't post much on HN. I don't mean that to be a judgment of you or of your life, and I doubt that redmarx meant it as such either. HN still isn't a place you'll find much sugar-coating. redmarx's post is just the truth, stripped of all the bullshit that accompanies it in less Aspergian environments, with a bit of vulgarity thrown in for color. There is probably a response to all of that which wittily acknowledges the inherent criticism while subtly undercutting it. Suffice it to say that you haven't found that response yet. If you prefer fora in which anonymity is discouraged, please try Facebook or Google Plus. Thanks for your work on RSS! I agree! Someone who attributes to incompetence too regularly is one we may call a "chump" or a "sucker" and is an easy mark for charlatans of all stripes. If I don't get taken for a fool occasionally, maybe I could have a little more human faith. If I get taken for a fool all the time, I should get pissed off more. It's rather sad that a discussion of public education policies has gone in this direction. (I'm not criticizing your thoughtful post.) I really doubt that even public school teachers are accorded such deference in the law, but probably the ubiquitous "resource officers" are. Which is of course an excellent reason for children never to talk to them. If I thought education were the purpose of "public education", I would be quite puzzled. Have you been to a school recently? The "resource officer" is present in any secondary school that can afford him. This personification of the fear and incompetence of the modern American educator is the reason that fistfights, smoking, possession of prescribed medicine, etc. now regularly result in children holding criminal records. The American public high school is quite explicitly an arm of the law enforcement-industrial complex. The likelihood that a survey in which an American public school student admitted drug use would not find its way into the grubby clutches of law enforcement is approximately nil. Stipulating your claim (are you a jurist?), how does this shake out? Do you expect the likelihood of referral to law enforcement/prosecution to be zero? If it is non-zero, how do you expect the set of self-incriminating surveys to be partitioned? Is it possible that the school administrator will consider the wealth of a student's parents, and their propensity to seek redress through the representation of an attorney? This would make these surveys more troubling, not less, because now they're putting just the poor kids into "real, not baseless" criminal proceedings. Perhaps we're supposed to revere them ("reverence", really, like for the Baby Jesus?), but I'm not so sure we ever did. The 19th- & early 20th-C fiction I read as a child that included teachers, seemed full of examples of "one-room schoolhouse" teachers who were routinely physically attacked by students and parents, widely derided by less-violent community members, and frequently paid late or not in full. (I'm sorry I don't have access to my childhood book collection at this time so I don't have any cites.) I can see how respect would contribute to the goal of education at younger ages, but in high school the successful teacher will have more resources upon which to draw than just "reverence". Do you claim that the students did not have "a right not to fill out the survey"? If that is your claim, could you elaborate on this novel theory? I'm glad there are news organizations outside the USA. Hahaha I guess some people noticed what happened to Joe Nacchio. hahaha you're such a PRO! Leaving aside the fact he's "based" in Brazil, I predict he'll sign on at a USA paper or broadcaster the very moment such become willing to give him the same editorial freedom to report on USA legal issues he now enjoys at The Guardian : i.e., that will never happen. Haha, fundamental constant counting fail. b^) Skipping Dark Tangent's self-congratulatory intro: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz0ejKersnM&feature=playe... If so, it's great that so many Rs have condemned all this spying: they can't now turn around and impeach him for leaking about it. Maybe they noticed what happened to Joe Nacchio? Think it through! Every politician, not just the conservative ones, was happy when somebody finally noticed this story. IRS agents have done whatever they wanted to private citizens, with no consequences, for decades. Then they questioned (they didn't fine, prosecute, garnish, imprison, or confiscate) political groups that claimed to be educational groups, and as a result the agents got censured, fired, and prosecuted. The media and most people are too lazy to think through the inevitable consequences, but don't dream that the politicians are. Will political groups ever be investigated by the IRS again? He habitually fires inconvenient people. If they leave gracefully, like Susan Rice did, he brings them back as something else. There is another explanation: https://financialcryptography.com/mt/archives/001431.html Presumably university IT would have been able to provide more precise demographically identifying data than the ISP. It's unlikely the ISP was running the RADIUS server. I think that horse has left the barn. Are we to understand that Sweden has not charged him? Why then are they trying to extradite him? a compromise between rural middle America, suburbanites, christian conservatives, and urban yuppies Left out a few parties there ray. What about the military-industrial complex? Don't they get a vote? (Maybe two or three?) What about all of those whose paychecks appear magically from "black" appropriations? How about LEOs? Are they not voting now? That would be a pretty sizable class to which to deny the franchise. You think the people who make house payments based on subverting the general welfare of the nation might be a bit more focused on what horrible program they can impose next than is "rural middle America"? "Let's be clear" though. The current embarrassment is a paragon of "democracy". At least prior to the cloud model Where do you think that came from? Prattling on like this about how all innovation comes from the market was perhaps understandable back in the 1980s. How can you claim this now , on HN ? People rarely like bad news when it means great change. Isn't this exactly what jlgreco said? You've argued yourself in a circle. Computer-based face recognition ...has never been shown to work on the scale needed to secure access to commercial air travel. I doubt it will disappear, but I certainly understand the desire to unionize. What might work better, would be a sort of guild. The aim would NOT be to engage in mob-style tactics like so many 20th-C American unions did. (That only works when there is a shortage of labor. The lobbyists probably tell their clients they've prevented that, but in reality it's because the internet.) Rather, a guild that would work for our "profession" would be one that could refer coders with particular skills at particular levels, and then monitor the work closely enough to protect both coder and employer. Businesses with real work to do would pay a premium for that, but the guild would not take a cut directly. That way lies bureaucracy and tyranny, and besides all the Indian body shops already pretend to serve that market. Rather, the guild would inspire those it helps to help it. It would certainly accept corporate donations, but since "decisions" would be kept to a minimum their influence would not be undue. Testing and education would be part of the mission (and that's how it could start), but so would basic community activities. Eventually a guild that offered health insurance could free its members from the grind of perpetual employment. (Someone whose kids will still be welcome at the doctor's if she takes a couple-month sabbatical is someone more in control of her career.) Those employers that don't need the assistance of the guild to get their software written wouldn't face any immoral pressure. However, if the guild becomes valued by many in the industry, auditors might be interested in why a particular company didn't use it. Just a thought. A more ethical group of prosecutors than we have (recruited, perhaps, among the sea pirates, slave traders, and drug kingpins of the world?), wouldn't make speculative statements about sentencing at all , much less to the media. In this circumstance, police used to just detain the guy after he left for work, or after the whole family went out to eat. Very few houses are occupied 24 hours a day. The problem with that policy was that police didn't get to shoot enough dogs. "Facts" don't miraculously appear out of prosecutors' asses. Prosecutors are not uninterested parties in trials, and if you really cared about the veracity of media reports you would encourage the media to do its own reporting rather than lap up press releases. It might be a short list, but apparently they're all in the NSA! I think they might be making things too easy for rival intelligence agencies... In what way was Collateral Murder , "a decidedly one sided view of the situation"? Were an unarmed Good Samaritan and his unarmed children not shot? Did the Good Samaritan and the unarmed injured man he was attempting to save not die as a result of the shooting? Talk about "one sided". When innocent people die from gunshot then it isn't "editorializing" to call it "murder". There is no reasonable definition of murder that does not include that incident. It's pretty clear where your loyalties lie, and you aren't going to convince reasonable people to doubt Snowden's account with this namby-pamby whinging about his choice of idiom. Neither will reasonable people believe you're prepared to be "sad" about "a terrible incident" that you wish had been kept secret. I had three questions. Why don't you take your shot at the latter two? That's a shameful way to have an argument. Boo-fuckin-hoo. Get a grip, Nancy. When Booz Allen sets up an office (probably someplace handy like Hawaii or Greenland) to receive these samples, will the package-openers make $122k or $200k? I'm going to remember this episode the next time the GAO is described as some great oracle of wisdom and impartiality. I guess the IBM lobbyists don't have to worry about this particular act of bribery being investigated too closely. I found this bit from the article interesting: In July the FISA court ruled that the NSA violated the Fourth Amendment's restriction against unreasonable searches and seizures "on at least one occasion." And yet I've read so many assurances from the legal eagles here on HN that since the relevant service providers already had these records, there was no way the Fourth Amendment applied. After all, it's just about your papers in your house! Because 18th Century! Yeah, I knew that was bullshit, but it's nice to learn that even the craven, supine FISA court agrees. Try again guys! If I had paid attention in junior high civics class, I might expect a member of Congress to correct egregious abuses of government power, once they had been admitted by the actual abusive government officials. As in, I might have thought she would take action, rather than obliquely wondering about who might step forward next. If she doesn't have the power to fix this, who the hell does? He also thought that he was safe doing what the vast majority of CEOs do on a regular basis. At the time of the stock sales he didn't realize just how much he was going to piss off the NSA in the next couple of years, much less how obedient federal prosecutors are to the NSA. It is impossible to become CEO of an ILEC without collecting a vast array of assets vulnerable to official attack. Nacchio might well have decided that the price he has paid was worth a clean conscience. (I don't really think execs should be compensated with stock, but since they are you know they're going to be selling it regularly. Should they be prosecuted every time the price drops? Of course not, in fact they are almost never prosecuted.) Hahaha, too true. "Insider trading" is totally a made-up crime, intended more for the selective-enforcement convenience of our superiors in the Justice Department than for "the public". If the public wasn't so damn greedy, they'd invest in T-bills like good subjects. Leave the "high-yield" investing for those who are in the loop. That way NSA staff and their friends in Congress and on K Street can get all the money there is to be made by trading on their contract decisions. This summary has been somewhat debunked: http://erratasec.blogspot.com/2013/06/nsa-poll-you-are-readi... Some experiments have been performed, and the results are not pretty: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/24/when-congress-voted... The House killed Watt's amendment [the literal text of the Fourth Amendment] by nearly a 3-1 margin. I won't speak for anyone else who takes an interest in Nacchio, but I don't care a bit for him personally. (Well, I guess if he and Ed Whitacre were both on fire, I'd piss on Nacchio first, but that's it.) His significance is more related to what it tells us about how the various parts of our government collaborate, take decisions, and act when no one is looking, and how the three-felonies-a-day phenomenon enables that. To enforce insider trading laws in a "fair" way would require a massive expansion of the SEC and related agencies, which expansion would be funded by the general fisc for the specific benefit of investors. There are arguments to be made for that, but they seem similar to the arguments one hears for more aggressive enforcement of our drug prohibition. Those who argue loudest are interested parties. I'd prefer we reverse our many-decades trend, and experiment with less enforcement rather than more. I doubt we're capable of that, but sometimes I indulge in optimism. Hahaha, like I said I didn't pay attention, but I seriously doubt the stars-and-stripes gang at my local public school had ever even heard of public choice theory, let alone taught it. According to the polls I'm not supposed to trust Congress, but I do think most of them know the content of their own minds better than Obama does. If a particular Representative was too dense to understand the first presentation, the officials should have dumbed it down and given it again. They report to Congress, not the other way around. If they're going to lie about the existence of the program, I don't see why they can't lie about how much it costs too. How would access to an FTP server that serves all the data one wants not be considered "direct"? I really doubt NSA analysts need shell access to do their dirty work... The URL has existed for less than a day and it's already at the top of results? Bing and Yahoo don't appear to be trying very hard. This hypothesis is certainly plausible, but I haven't seen any proof for it besides the self-serving statements of people who aren't under oath and who anyway aren't necessarily in a position to know for sure. Which isn't much, as proof goes. I don't think Google is the problem here. AdWords didn't make this mistake, and in general would not make this mistake. It would have taken less effort just to try out both frameworks, and then you wouldn't need anyone else's "evidence". Can you clarify what you mean by this? As I type this comment, I have about that density of air in my lungs, and it doesn't particularly trouble me. The temperature at a depth of 30m is certainly not 80°F. It does use PBKDF2, and the input to that is not just a passphrase but also one or more keyfiles, a salt, and some other metadata. My understanding is that the keyfiles should supply most of the randomness. That's not how flexible containers work. In the presence of increased pressure, the guts press against the diaphragm, which compresses the lungs. I don't have to imagine what removing air from my lungs feels like: that is part of breathing! Anyway, this guy seems to do OK compressing his lungs even more: http://competition.the-french-job.com/spread-the-world-recor... A good bet would be all those places with a long history and tradition of authoritarianism, which have only recently become less authoritarian: Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Tunisia, Burma, Indonesia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Russia, etc. Don't assume that the NSA's primary goal is to collect factual information. The original source of this thing seems to be NSFWCorp, which if anything is nuttier than Pando (although never as lame). Indeed, the explicit preoccupation with "libertarians" (as if they could be anything but a tiny slice of SV) reads more like something Mark Ames wrote. Someone ought to build a presentation tool on top of this. You're right, the USA has always been a wonderful place for those folks. Even if he's as pure as the driven snow, I don't think Snowden can assume no one will ever trump up a rape charge against him. Sure Ecuador are very independent now. It would only take one election (perhaps with extensive foreign ad buys), however, for their policies in this area to change drastically. I don't see that happening soon in China or Russia. I'm sure Jim Clapper would support your novel scheme, but fortunately there are still some adults somewhere in the chain of command. Everyone whose salary isn't dependent on believing the prevailing security paranoia knows that Snowden (or even a hundred Snowdens) is not a threat to USA interests. Letting Taiwan and its massive manufacturing base suffer for this sort of political bullshit would be a major threat to those interests. Perhaps reality has been especially frustrating? Although yeah, implying that blacks in the American South in the mid-20th C could rely on the justice system is ridiculous enough to force me to agree with rayiner for once. I'm pretty sure TPTB exactly predicted the events of Hassan's trial. It has gone forward in this manner because this is the manner they desire. It's not like Hassan was held for months in solitary without the luxury of clothing . It may be too early to dismiss Occupy as having been "marginalized". Sure they're not camped out anymore, but camping was never really one of their top priorities. Who can say that the example of Occupy didn't inspire Snowden to a degree? ...he had given the information to a number of extremely influential Senators... I guess the NSA learned from that episode; apparently they preemptively told every member of Congress about all the awful things they've been doing recently. Of course the secret setting in which they admitted these transgressions was designed to put the legislators at a disadvantage. Multiple Representatives have denied ever understanding what the briefings were about. The premise of this thread is that China is going to solve three giant intractable problems. That might take some time. When they're done, will over 40% of our male prison population still be black? Anyone have any idea when they're going to quit putting off Cryptography II? What's the threat model for this? Is the MITM going to subtly change Schneier's essay? Perhaps they're going to find out the lame password I use for stupid comment forms, which password (literally: it's a word) I've been using continuously for that purpose since 1994? So you never browse to sites that don't use TLS? That seems far more limiting than say, keeping your browser up to date and keeping Java turned off. Bravo revelation, keep fighting the good fight. My favorite quote from TFA was: "More helmet laws had come into effect, but head injuries didn't go down at all." This would be confusing if one believed the marketing! Simultaneously, of course, the helmet laws perfectly performed their intended functions: discouraging cycling while forcing people to buy yet another damn commercial product. All the complainers are either cranky motorists or sidewalk cyclists. They feel slightly more guilty right-hooking a commuter who isn't wearing a helmet than some day-glo Lance wannabe. Witness their guilt turned to fury at the mere mention of actual facts about bicycle helmet effectiveness! Once you go that far, why not drive an SUV? You won't even notice all the scooters and pedestrians you run over! The reason we ride bicycles is that bicycles are perfect vehicles, and require no "safety gear" whatsoever. Hmmm. The impression I have is that Snowden had access as a sysadmin, not as an analyst. That is, he didn't really have any duties that called for him to access the "secret" data. If the systems allow sysadmins to bypass proper authorization procedures, what good is another authorization procedure? Perhaps they'd be better off auditing the ACLs. In the Cloud Era, very few machines ever need to allow root access. However, this scheme would seem to prevent previous "laptop leaks", so I think it's a good idea. ...NSA seems to be transitioning from a role that was principally involved in nation-state intelligence to a role that is inextricably bound up with law enforcement. Any organization will act to grow its responsibilities and thus its resources. The USA has no real enemies anymore, and yet these agencies keep growing. Organizations will grow until they encounter some sort of limit. Is the problem that those who would previously have overseen these agencies and curbed the over-extension you cite no longer want that oversight role, or that they are no longer capable of that oversight role? Barrack Obama talked on the phone all his life just like all other Americans do. His predecessors were the same. What kind of President would be able to cut the NSA budget? Fowler declined to comment any further, including whether he would seek to reopen the case, given the government admitting that secret, and constitutionally suspect, methods were used to gain access to his phone records. Well that's troubling. There isn't a lot of foreign surveillance I can imagine having a problem with allocating to the problem of nuclear proliferation. This would be an excellent priority for our intelligence agencies. Do any of the practices revealed recently seem designed to address that priority? An adversary capable of obtaining, maintaining, and deploying nuclear weapons would probably be capable of secure communications even in the face of PRISM, whether here or overseas. The most likely vector would be something like a submarine or a well-shielded shipping container, but if the plan did require agents in this country I doubt those would be discussing their plans on Facebook or over the phone. The "protests" on that one seemed a bit ginned-up, possibly to coincide with some other event. I mean, the video still exists, but all the goat enthusiasts are satisfied now that the dude's parole was revoked? That seems... unlikely . I guess now we know what our kids will call it. This is a reasonable thesis (and it seems the hits just keep on coming from Snowden), but parts of the exposition ring a bit false. If these people are really capable of total observation of all traffic through a random router in Beijing, how is it that they've missed all the APT stuff? We've been told that we had to basically throw out some components of the new stealth planes and start the design over because Chinese hacking. This seems like an adversary that would be vulnerable to the capabilities described here. If they simply didn't think stealth fighter designs were worth protecting, then yes I think Schneier is correct that they need to think a bit more defensively. If they did as you suggest, the specific account-stealing flaw they had wouldn't happen, but since many unicode points have very similar glyphs, there would still be "copycat" accounts. That is, the strings "Oscar" and "Οscar" appear very similar (if one has the proper fonts installed), and one user could therefore pose as another. It's true that many sites don't care about this, but I don't fault Spotify for trying to prevent it. Well that's an interesting hypothesis, and certainly study authors are well-advised to standardize their measurement procedure. Furthermore, in any specific incident you might very well be subject to a bruise if wearing a helmet and a contusion otherwise. But these studies are not about specific incidents: they reflect the totality of many cyclists spending many hours cycling. There is no reason to suspect that there would be some consistent factor that would exaggerate reporting of helmeted injuries while minimizing reporting of unhelmeted ones. Besides who would cause a bruise an injury? I get bruises every day. Bicycling is one of the safest things I do. "TFA" is an abbreviation for "the fine article" (Other adjectives are sometimes inferred, much like "RTFM".) You'll find the link at the top of this page, but here it is again: http://www.bicycling.com/senseless/ The quote in this case was attributed to Steven Madey, an orthopedic surgeon who designs bike helmets and other biomechanical devices. As near as I can tell, he was summarizing the studies in this field. (Well, maybe one would say he was summarizing the public health studies rather but not the clinical studies.) Here's another summary: http://www.medpagetoday.com/CriticalCare/HeadTrauma/39122 Not to be any sort of jerk, but until you've spent enough time cycling in traffic to be comfortable, your intuition regarding the safety of that activity is suspect. Several factors are involved. First of all, there is the risk compensation phenomenon ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21418079 ), which is also seen for seatbelt-wearers etc. and causes users of any "safety" device to behave less safely to compensate for that use. This phenomenon also applies to other road users, so that when they see a cyclist they perceive to be "protected" by a helmet they don't give her as much space, they drive faster, etc. ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0001457506... ) Other factors are follow-on effects from the fact that requiring helmets reduces cycling rates ( http://www.nber.org/papers/w15658 ): fewer cyclists make for more dangerous roads for everyone ( http://www.ctc.org.uk/campaign/safety-in-numbers ) and cyclists who cycle less aren't as good at cycling. There is a "rhythm" to riding in traffic, and after I've taken some time off, I have to be more careful until I sharpen up. With regular practice, you know: - exactly how close the damn delivery truck is going to pass, just by the engine sound - which car is going to change lanes without signalling, not from its brakelights but from its slight pause in acceleration - how fast you have to pedal to intimidate an entering SUV into waiting for you to pass instead of turning left completely across all lanes - the distinct whine of a BMW (the official car of assholes) that's going to attempt a right hook from 50 feet behind - etc. TFA: "More helmet laws had come into effect, but head injuries didn't go down at all." Are the prices really so bad? Those fees seem comparable to a payment service provider. This is a different service with presumably lower risks, but if you have to buy stuff and this service replaces a significant portion of an FTE it could definitely be a "reasonable cost of doing business". I don't assume anything about your mother, but if she ran a business that (1) had some sort of computerized record-keeping and (2) used Amazon-appropriate supplies at a rate that was fairly predictable from those records (although not necessarily predictable per time period), a script targeting this service could save her a lot of time. Now, Amazon might feel like they don't make enough money from such an unimaginative customer to justify the cost of the service. I don't see how it would steal sales from them, however, until it starts using other suppliers as well. Maybe they'll acquire before that gets turned on? Amazon offers better prices than many wholesalers, and much better service than most, in that lead times are shorter and more predictable. If you guarantee your customers you can always install 10 widgets, and you keep 30 in stock, what happens the day after you install 10 widgets for three different customers? With this sort of setup, you receive another 30 widgets by FedEx. Let Amazon do the floor-planning, and spend those resources on something else. Of course, there's little to prevent this service from signing up big wholesalers as well, if they're able to meet its service requirements. Antibiotics are a recent human invention, so it isn't surprising that resistance to them is still increasing. Silver, on the other hand, has been present in the environment since before bacteria evolved. If there was an accessible pathway to silver resistance, it would have been found in several billion years. Well, I've ridden thoroughbreds since I was 3yo, so I have some experience with being thrown through the air, and the concussive results of that. I've also crashed my bike, with and without the involvement of other vehicles. In my worst crash, I hit a concrete bollard head-on while pedaling at speed. I flipped over the handlebars and landed on my back. My tucked, helmetless head never touched a thing. I destroyed the heavy-duty suspension fork on my hardtail, but other than that I just scraped my elbow and got my office shirt dirty. Another occasion that really sticks out in my mind is the time I laid the bike down and jumped off to the side to avoid a child who literally jumped out from behind cover into the street directly in my path. If I had been in a car, going the same speed, that episode would have ended very differently. I don't have a problem with helmets in general. I never snowboard without a helmet. There are many rivers I won't kayak without a helmet. I don't usually wear a helmet when riding horses, but there are exceptions, like polo. I'm sure I'll encounter other circumstances that seem helmet-appropriate as well. The point is, bicycle commuting is not an extreme sport , so enforcing the conventions of extreme sport is an effective way to discourage it. For every anecdote, there is another anecdote. You only think your helmet saved you, while I know that my lack of helmet did not harm me in the crash I described. (And if we're going to speculate intuitively, it's a good thing I didn't have a solid bulky object on my head to catch on the pavement and impart a jolt of rotational acceleration to my brain!) If you've never considered the phenomenon of risk compensation, you could think more deeply about an issue that is much more complicated than "it's bad to injure your head". Fortunately, there's a place you can go to educate yourself: http://www.cyclehelmets.org/ I'm not sure the stopover in Russia was very wise for Mr. Snowden. They're unlikely to extradite him to the USA, but it isn't hard to imagine them detaining him for a long time. Whatever crypto he's been using, he might grow quite familiar with the famous "rubber-hose attack". Presumably they have some sort of deal in place with China, so once he surfaced in HK his options may have been limited. However, his previously-stated intentions to reveal only "safe" info, in a "responsible" manner directly to the public, are probably being challenged as I write this. If this situation is a miscalculation on Snowden's part, then it's also a miscalculation of the USA national security apparatus. By locking down all allies and neutrals with arm-twisting treaties and extradition agreements, the USA has guaranteed that national security whistleblowers will only ever seek asylum with the committed enemies of the USA. These nations are far more likely to do something nasty with the information such a whistleblower represents than e.g. New Zealand or Finland would be.