porn is no longer allowed (well, cannot reach) on /r/all I did not know that aimee was born in 1997, nor can I find when her father's crimes actually transpired, other than that he was convicted in 2018. My initial impression was that aimee was a transwomen well into adult hood (an adult complicit in these crimes). This whole thing is going to blow up spectacularly if it comes out that the father committed these crimes when she was in her teens, and she is a product of being a victim in an abusive household. I don't understand, did she double down that her dad was innocent/what he did was ok? All I am aware of is that she says she did not know it was happening. And frankly if she was only 15 or something at the time, I would likely believe her. I would also leave open the possibility the she was being abused too, and feared retribution. At least with cigarettes, it takes 2 - 4 years to really cement your addiction. Plenty of younger people (well I guess it's with juuls now) tell themselves they can quit whenever they want, and take break during a week of family vacation. No problem, so they keep on smoking. 5 years later when they try to quit they realize that maybe they weren't as bulletproof as they thought. I know for sure it happened to me. Of course caffeine could be totally different addiction wise, and thankfully not nearly as deadly, but just some food for thought. I'm D tier programmer who would easily land a programming job if factorio was the skill metric. I'm not a programmer, I only know enough C to do simple embedded micro designs. Electronics is my jam, so I probably could get much better if I took the time. Small talk and the like is tiring, but getting to talk about your pet project with others who grasp it's depth is a rare and exciting thing, and there is no denying that in person communication flows the best. You can't even do that for civil servants though. The actual number of "encounters gone wrong" vs total encounters is vanishingly small. People think there is an epidemic of police murdering minorities, but in reality the number of unarmed black men killed by police is somewhere between bear attacks and babies drowning in buckets in terms of annual deaths. That's not to downplay the horror of such killings, but to put it into perspective of the pervasiveness of the problem. The media and especially social media of turned it into a full blown public health crisis. I have a friend who bootcamped for 6 months and landed a $130k/yr job at a buzzword start-up doing app development. No previous coding knowledge or really even tech interest. He did accounting previously. He makes 3/4 of what the president of my small defense contractor company makes, a guy who has been an RF engineer for 35 years prior to taking on the leadership role. The two fresh grad EE's we have are both spinning software in their free time to nab software dev jobs over EE jobs, because the pay is often double. You might find this interesting https://inflationchart.com/spx-in-m1 It basically shows the value of the S&P 500 as a function of total cash in the system. Especially with the rising cancer known as SaaS. Soon you'll need to be paying $10/mo for your thermostat to work, and you'll need to fork over another $200 every other year to upgrade the hardware. >If its ok for a young person to leave their hometown, move to a city and call it home to make a better life without thinking about the locals, then it must be ok for a person with a small family living in a city to move to a smaller town and call it home to make a better life for his/her family. The reason that theses two scenarios are not equivalent is so obvious I'm wondering whether or not I'm misinterpreting it. You also have the issue of the wealth divide. Its gonna be very difficult to hang out with locals when your annual income is more than they have made in a decade. Jealously alone will tear things apart, nevermind the near complete lack of overlapping life experience. So you end up with the wealthy newcomers only interacting with other wealthy newcomers. Essentially a new culture in a place that had an established culture for years before hand. Think of it like this. You can throw a lot of different juices and alcohols into the punch bowl before it becomes apparent that something is different. Pour a half shot of vodka into a glass of wine and the difference is immediate and off putting. There is very little tolerance for change in a glass of wine. The cultures of small towns really don't have much elasticity nor are they expected to have it. People don't like change and normally no one except other small town people come in. Cities are generally something that people rotate through in huge numbers. Cities are always changing while still keeping some on the side as a homage to their identity. For the most part though they are always in flux by nature. NYC is not the same as it was 10 years ago. ________ NY, largely the same for the past 200 years is suddenly changing radically in the tech WFA renaissance. There is no doubt in my mind the council will be hi-jacked if it hasn't already - some of those ordinances are "a little out of touch for modern living". Anyway, before I rant too much, my point is that comparing the elasticity of a city's culture to the rigid and fragile cultures of small towns is ridiculous. Its a fucking thermostat. I don't need the company to be bankrolling a $2mm/yr AI team so that the thermostat can try to make better guess about when I want to turn on the heat. I always assumed those were Chinese reverse engineered. They do some absolutely insane reverse engineering over there. I was thinking about this problem too, and realized that the photo-finish also provides placings for all the other contestants. Some other type of sensor might be able to more accurately place who was first, but could struggle greatly differentiating the pack of contestants behind them. Can anyone enlighten me about 5G? To me it seems to be absolutely nothing more than a marketing tool meant to sell a new generation of phones and phone plans. The fact that it is pushed so fervently just sets of red flags galore for me. 4G is plenty fast and works well for me. I see nothing gained for my phone by going from 100Mbps to 1Gbps(?). Nothing. But its pushed like the second coming of Christ. The financial/economic forest is way overgrown and no one wants to be the one to set it on fire. My "junk" e-mail address is a yahoo address. I'd actually be a little sad to see it go, I have almost 20 years of random e-mails in there. On the other hand Apple competes hard against Samsung, yet relies heavily on Samsung to build a large part of it's competing products. Although I admit that this might not be as true anymore as it was a few years ago. Amazon doesn't need to be nationalized, it does need to be broken up though. The dividing lines in the organization are so clear you could practically tap it with a hammer and it will fall apart into nice individual pieces. Yeah recently I had to replace the HID bulbs in my motorcycle. The Amazon ones were junk so I wanted the same ones I originally bought 11 years ago. Sure enough there was the email from 2010 and the company still had the same bulbs. This reminds me of the current influx of software guys into the microcontroller space. Arduino's, pi's and the like. You have these super knowledgeable people who are unable to execute the electronics side of their project, so now we have a huge market of things abstracted up to their level (i.e. LEDs with all the necessary electronics already embed, just call the address and go). This isn't even just a hobbyist phenomena. Electronics design itself is becoming more and more "turn key hardware", where you just slap chips on a board, string them together, then get chugging on the software. The pot holes play a trivial role in the example. The point is that face time is much cheaper than people make it out to be, and politicians don't have time to be doing deep research on the hundreds of applicable topics they vote on. I believe it was Al Franken I heard talking about this, and he said that often times politicians end up voting with the lobbyist desires because no one ever lobbied the other side of the issue. For instance an energy lobbyist asking for the inclusion of exemptions for it's potentially overweight trucks on local roads to support the new gas well jobs created, that "will easily make up the potential and definitely trivial road repair costs". Nobody shows up to lobby the other side of the story. The energy company painted it perfectly as a 100% good thing, while someone could have donated $200 and after bit a research shown it was actually a sham and the official would have agreed. But no one did. I couldn't agree with this more, and very much to my personal detriment I spent way to much time trying to live those ideals. In the end it's just left me fruitless and feeling like a sucker. >This is not an uncommon position within progressive circles. Many if not most progressive ideals are predicated on "the blank slate" theory being true. It's not a matter of common/uncommon opinion, it has to be true. It's an axiom of modern progressive theory. What happens when one of your axioms is anything other than rock solid? This is why the claws come out so fast when you bring up genetics in progressive groups. Twin studies have done a lot of work in this area. Two genetically identical children, separated at birth and raised in 2 separate families. At least from these studies, genetics play a far larger role than expected. I wanna know who supplanted PM with DM. It's PM god damnit! High frequency trading tech finds a new field. My "radical" take is that we need to crush wages. Mcdonalds cook - $40k/yr Senior Dev - $130k/yr CEO - $180K/yr I don't know how something like this could be implemented, but we are on a fast track to 95% of wages going to 5% of workers. If it did escape from the lab, I cannot help but think about how fateful of an event lead up to it... A tech accidently knocking over a beaker? A tiny rip in a bio-suite thrown in a trash, missed the can, and picked up and put back on the shelf by another worker? A leaking containment vessel, known to need replacing, but still worked "good enough"? An animal infected with the virus, handled by someone who wasn't aware of what it had? Endless possibilities, but likely something so small and seemingly insignificant. A good rule of thumb: The more moving parts its has, the more points of failure it has. This goes for pretty much everything. I highly suggest that people check out/try out "ABX comparator" plugin for Foobar2000 player. You give it two files (say a 128kbps mp3 version and a lossless flac verison) and it runs you through a double blind test of the two versions, quizzing you along the way. It's not just "listen to A" "listen to B", it gives you lots of options to listen to them and compare them in different ways, including obfuscating what track is A and what track is B. If you think you can really hear fine differences in audio, it can be very eye opening (ear opening?). Humans emit recycled CO2 Cars emit new CO2 >no nod towards personal responsibility This argument always bother me when discussing things at macroscale, because it ignores that someone has to do that low wage job . I was just talking to a co-worker about this yesterday in the midst of a discussion about our new (more expensive and no better) heath plan. His argument was that if people don't want to work the lower paying jobs (where healthcare costs are crushing), they should have worked harder/schooled more/played less/whatever to get to a better position. The obvious problem though is that we would not have a functioning company (or economy) if everyone "worked harder". The lower payed workers are the reason that high payed workers can exist at all. So the idea of "work harder" is actually moot. At the extreme you end up with the whole population at the same level, and when everyone is rich, no one is rich. What are white collar workers if all the blue collar "worked harder" and became white collar? Useless, they are useless. Now if I take some liberty, usually people pushing this "worked harder" rhetoric are acutely aware of what I said above, and push it as a means to maintain the status quo, because making it easier to jump from blue to white collar threatens their value. So when are we going to break up Amazon? Claiming they "enjoy immunity" against illegal stuff posted on their websites is like claiming that you "enjoy immunity" against illegal stuff that shows up in your physical mailbox. It's not enjoying, its sensical. I just can't take these people seriously. They rallied hard against net neutrality because "the government can't tell private companies [ISPs] what to do" Now they want the government to moderate speech on private platforms. That's hypocrisy that even a 2nd grader could point out. My choice name is "Global Pollution Epidemic" I think it really captures what the the problem is, rather then making it some concept that seems abstract and immovable to the average person. Lots of people deny climate change, almost no one denies that humans pollute a lot. >The specifications are very carefully designed I need assurance though that my cables were carefully designed. The forest is so incredibly overgrown, sooner or later someone has to set it on fire. Seeing the (end) effects doesn't matter. Everyone sees pollution directly, whether the simple knowledge that the sea of cars on the freeway in front of them is burning gas, or just seeing litter all over the place. "Pollution" is a tangible thing everyone experiences. Telling people there is a pollutions epidemic, that is something they can immediately relate too. It doesn't matter that the smoke stack they drive past every day is just water vapor, they hear "pollution epidemic", they see what they interpret as pollution, their brain tells them "yeah, this is real". Remember this phrasing isn't for educated or knowledgeable people, it's for common folk who don't put much thought into anything. I remember in 2015 when we were decades away from a computer topping a Go champion... I get that HN is still social media, but the level of sludge here is at least an order of magnitude less than general reddit, and probably way better than twitter (I could never get into twitter despite trying my best). To me HN is the final hold out of the old social news sphere. Geeky computer nerds with inflated egos having (mostly) geeky computer nerd discussions. That doesn't sound like much, but at least the average IQ is higher than room temperature and knowledgeable discussion is more popular than puns. This is borderline retro encabulator talk. Reach out to Tom Scott (I'm serious, he is very responsive to e-mails) and he'll probably make a video about this, especially if you are in the UK like your name suggests. I know I would love to see it. Because fossil fuels are the best energy source, absolutely smashing the competition circa 1850 and still the top contender today. If we found a comparable energy source today that checked all the same boxes as fossil fuels, sans climate change and plus energy density, we'd be all over it tomorrow. It crushed me last year when we ordered extrusion/machine work samples (a lot of 10 pieces) from a major American brand and some from "Ricky" a Chinese machine shop connect one of the guys here heard of through doing other parts sourcing in China. The Chinese ones were better machined, had no issues, and were 1/3 the price. I weep for American manufacturing. I'll throw in $20 if I can be the periscope man You would be able to get affordable private insurance if you had a cyber security team. That's not a function of banning cash however, its on account of the rise of credit cards. No one sacrificed or was inconvenienced to get here, it was just natural progression with good side effects. That would imply that cyber security isn't effective in mitigating these attacks then, no? I just want to point out that there is no real evidence of this. Statistically, I'm sure it happened at least once, you can find one example of anything, but this phrase originates with a single anecdotal story from a single nurse. There was no trend or array of stories. Just one lady who said she had someone denying it on their deathbed with zero corroboration, and then she got 2 days of news cycle. Busy with their quarrels? You mean directly funding China's transformation with an insatiable appetite for cheap shit? I don't know if I'll ever forgive Google for killing blob emojis Crypto is definitely the easiest way. No accounts (well I suppose a wallet could be an account, so perhaps a wash here), no bank linking, no credit cards. Crypto is the closest thing to internet cash payments. Aren't they already "illegally" making the payments via some 3rd party loophole? Way back in the early days before exchanges, you literally bought and sold them on forums using bootleg paypal ripoffs (since paypal didn't recognize virtual money = buyers could refund) I put off my 20,000 BTC purchase because it was so sketchy. You just need it to be at a point where the masses are satiated. If we come to a point where the average person cannot afford a modest living (which we are pretty much on the brink of) then it doesn't matter what's logical or not. People are going to get upset and inevitably start breaking things. The problem is how do you tax wealth that is mostly in the form of investments? How do you tell Bezos he has to dump 1% of his controlling interest in Amazon every year to pay his tax bill? Sam Harris had a recent podcast where he talks about how he was recently at a dinner with a bunch of big tech CEO's and leaders. He asked them why they are all capitulating to woke twitter nonsense, and how if they just ignored it then it would die out. They pretty much told him that ignoring it was impossible, and they couldn't even entertain the idea. So there is your answer. That kind of rhetoric has a lot of power right now. The thrust behind this was that companies need to go back to being apolitical, and it's workers need to leave their politics and ideologies at the door. I am wondering (knowing nothing about this) if there is an issue with the approach to acquire data that it putting AI in a difficult position. This is akin to trying to train and AI to walk in the footsteps of a geophysicist, rather than making new footsteps for the AI. I guess I would extend this to radiology too since it seems to be the same issue. Let me give an example: People often mention that truck drivers are safe from automation because lots of last mile work is awkward and non-standard, requiring humans to navigate the bizarre atypical situations the truck encounter. Training an AI to handle all this is far harder than getting it to drive on a highway. What is often left out though is the idea that the infrastructure can/will change to accommodate the short comings of AI. This could look like warehouses having a "conductor" on staff who commandeers trucks for the tricky last bit of getting on the dock. Or perhaps preset radar and laser path guidance for the tight spots. I'd imagine most large volume shippers would build entire new warehouses just to accommodate automated trucks. A long time ago people noted that horses offered much more versatility than cars since roads were rocky and muddy. How do you make a car than can traverse the terrain a horse does? You don't, you pave all the roads. What gets me about doctors, and maybe I'm just unlucky/haven't seen enough doctors, is that I never get that "expert" vibe from them. You know when you're talking to someone who does, say, database management. And they have been at it for 15 years, have a bunch accreditation and are well compensated for their work. You just get the impression that you can pull the most esoteric question about databases out, and they'll go on for 45 minutes about all the nuances of it. No matter how hard you try, you with a mild database understanding, would never be able to pin them. I just have never gotten that vibe from a doctor. I always felt like I was only a question or two away from them shrugging, me googling, and me finding the answer. People talking like drilling a well in your backward is on par with typing in a different URL. So how about this, the upfront cost and effort of typing in a different URL is at least a few orders of magnitude easier than drilling a well. And waiting 10 minutes for confirmation Edit: Lightning networks are bandaids on a prototype cryptocurrency. That's a broken calendar is right once a year situation. Ehrenfest didn't just die similarly, he took his (disabled) son with him! I'm pretty sure you can still dig up climate scientists that deny global warming. Playing the "both sides" argument implies a coin or card, where both sides are equal. In reality this argument is played by people who know their side is dwarfed but want to project legitimacy. Seize the opportunity to talk about what you did there! While I admit I haven't listened to the podcast (yet) I'm not sure how you get around that issue that the free market value of medical services will defacto price in the value of your life and health, which is infinite. >Carl Hewitt of actor model fame I'll admit that threw me for a loop for a second. From NJ, wouldn't change it. No need to get out of your car and deal with a dirty pump. You can also get out to go in the store while they fill your tank, or some smaller places you can buy stuff right from the attendant. Gas doesn't cost any extra because of it either. We used to have some of the cheapest gas in the country before a recent tax hike. Basically a free service, no tipping either. One downside is that if it is busy you might have to wait, but the guys are usually pretty quick. In theory they would be identical, but in practice a flat road would be better. There are more real world inefficiencies with going up and down a hill. It strikes me as more likely that bunny is just memorizing button combinations (or more likely just a button, with ad-lib other buttons thrown in) that lead to certain actions - totally independent of the words being said. Take chimps for example, who learned hundreds of sign words. Despite knowing how to "communicate", they never once asked a question. I haven't watched a bunch of bunny videos, but it strikes me more as astrological sign reading than "dogs finally have a meaningful way to communicate". It's because the DoD was ordered to release everything (sans classified stuff, I suppose what shows off too much of our own abilities) they know about UFO's by June 30th. This somehow got in one of the COVID relief bills from last year. The report is supposed to come out this Friday. Some congress people saw it last week, including the classified stuff that will remain classified, and pretty much just shrugged after the briefing. So all that is at least why the media has been talking about this so much lately. I'll also add that Sam Harris said he had someone from the DoD, or at least connected to the DoD reach out to him about "How do you go about revealing evidence of alien technology to the public". Sam's stance on this possible revelation has been "The source is legitimate, but we'll have to see what they actually come out with." I'm haunted by Roko's Basilisk. The story in it's original incarnation may be a bit outlandish. However, dial it in a few notches and you get a powerful AI that can associate you with anything you have ever left a data trail for, in the hands of an unknown future bad actor. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if that was the thrust for the initial conception of it. Given that, the Basilisk may already be in it's infant stage. Someone recently pointed out to me the parallels between prostitution and labor. And I kind of can't shake it out of my head now, since I feel you can draw pretty straight lines from one to the other. Both are selling your body for (relatively) high pay. Both have you burn out usually by your mid-late 40's. Both are dangerous work. Both have high degree's of human trafficking*. Both subsist mostly on young naïve workers. Both have no education requirements. Both have success predicated greatly on genetics (strength vs. looks). Both are the oldest professions in the world. Really the most substantial difference I can see is in how society values men vs. women, dispensable vs. protected. Which is of course the same way humans valued men and women for pretty much all of history. *Trafficking is tricky because in the US it's basically if you do (illegal) sex work and have a boss you are being trafficked. Basically everyone in construction would be "trafficked" then, so instead I go with a high degree of desperate illegal immigrants who will do really any work (ripe for exploitation). Edit: I should note that my take is that prostitution should be legalized, regulated, unionized, and not stigmatized. It should be on the same social rung as labor. ~~If you watch any interviews with sex workers it's clear that they view it as a job, not as a pleasure act. Many porn stars for instance have boyfriends/husbands and note that sex with them is different then their day job sex.~~ Also I am talking more about hard labor, construction, dock work, mining, landscaping is is taxing but it doesn't pay the big sell-your-back-knees-and-possibly-a-limb bucks. Ah, I see. Clathrate Gun anyone? I'm sticking my head out a bit here given that this is HN... But I largely attribute the high productivity of tech to the simple nature of software as opposed to the tech industry being comprised of the most productive workers and efficient management. The flexibility and efficiency of software is insane compared to even just the hardware side of it, much less medicine or home building. >If I were making a salary in that range I'd think it would be possible to retire after about 5 years if one was frugal. We have our fair share of 30 something's on here already eyeing their exit. Nice mountain home, fun side projects, and perhaps some consulting here or there. Given your take, what kind of evidence would you envision seeing that would give you certainty that anthro cc is going on? Would the evidence arrive before it was too late to do anything? I am essentially a self-taught EE thanks to the internet. There is no shortage of engineers posting educational content, and no shortage of extremely knowledgeable engineers willing to directly help you with problems. I've done dozens of projects and even brought one to market. I guess the flipside, in my experience it doesn't count as anything in the professional world. Since I back doored engineering, I am currently the technical lead on two projects at my job, both of which have vacant engineering lead positions - making me the defacto engineering lead. So I do the engineers work for technicians pay ($19/hr). I am also the only technician in the engineering dept. as opposed to the lab. I should have just stuck with programming 20 years ago. Sorry this is a bit of a rambling tangent I went on. Maybe a warning to others that a degree is often more important than the knowledge the degree brings. I have associates degree in electronics tech and did go for my full engineering degree, but failed out...twice. I cannot for the life of me reliably pen-and-paper-clock-ticking solve complex equations. I even payed out the ass for a top tier tutor, no luck. I very firmly reached the "Maybe this just isn't for you" point. But with my own work and in my job, being really bad at high level calculus or diff eq has never even cropped up much less been a detriment (Well it does crop up, but in the SPICE simulator/circuit simulator). Oddly enough the engineering lead here is an uncredentialled engineer, but he was also the first employee 25 years ago so I suppose he is grandfathered in. Not that he doesn't deserve it either, he is wildly knowledgeable and capable. Yeah, I have. The problem is that I really do love electronics. I am a decent C programmer, for embedded applications at least. I have never written an actual PC program though besides tutorial stuff. A friend of my did a crash course boot camp for js, and did eventually get a good job out of it. Maybe I should think about doing the same. I'm actually looking for an out right now to respin my luck somewhere else. Right now I engineer by proxy, i.e. I do a design, document, or ECO and my boss stamps it (which frankly isn't too different than the other engineers, he ultimately stamps their stuff too). I have prodded my boss about it and he more or less said that after our recent acquisition by parent company and parent parent company, things are very corporate by the book. It seems right now we're in a state where they are getting full engineering work at a 50-60% discount and I am getting to do engineering work despite being hired as a clock punching lab grunt. This is a good resource, thanks! I just cancelled my prime this year after 15 years. I'm surprised this hasn't become a more visible trend. Amazon has no shortage of shitty practices, but it seems very few people actually care. The scandal will be finding out that some big time artist was actually just copying works from a custom trained AI. Wait till we start spraying the stratosphere and everyone stops caring about emissions again. Then we'll have a gun to humanities head where we must spray or face guaranteed immediate ecological annihilation. Probably. When shit starts really hitting the fan (i.e. bottom lines are being directly affected) it will be knee-jerk authorized. It's the only rapidly effective technologically feasible solution we have. The "theory" is that it isn't too environmentally damaging either, so there isn't much leverage to push back against it. It's basically like benzo addiction for the entire Earth. You take it initially to band aid your ills. You get addicted to the fix it provides. The fix is so good that you accept the bad effects. You become dependent on it to the point where quitting becomes deadly. Given the location and possible severity, the only viable way to an emergency room might have been a helicopter. Which insurance almost certainly would not cover. So the insurance is saying "If you paid $80,000 for a medevac, we would have covered your hospital bill". A Tl;DR of the situation with the FDA: - "E-Cigs are the greatest public health invention of modern times!" - Oh wait! "Think of the Children™" - "We need to full on demonize e-cigs à la '90s anti drug style!" This is pretty much what went down. It was recognized as miracle, but the fear of kids getting addicted was too great. So instead we're going the path of full on propaganda against it, while kids get addicted anyway. Probably never. I'd venture that the overwhelming majority of users on the internet do not even understand the concept of the ad model, much less the downsides. To them the internet and everything on it is free (and what isn't free is just greed by the owner) and ads are these annoying thing that crop up everywhere. I had the idea of going out and flirting with guys directly, then giving them your onlyfans as your contact. I imagine this would effectively be a money printer. I'm surprised onlyfans women don't do this routinely. If you were an even marginally attractive women, and you could hold a decent conversation for 20 minutes, I probably would be stuck ponying up $10 to see you naked. Even knowing that I got played. Calculators are generally useless in Calculus. Or at least they should be. Calculus is a process, and normally you are graded on that process, not on the answer. We were allowed calculators too, but the problems were designed that anyone even mildly good at mental math didn't need them. In theory you could teach all of calculus without ever even using numbers (perhaps except 0). Millennials in their 30's have something crazy like 1/6th the wealth their parents did at the same age. I've thought about this a lot, but the stumbling block for me is getting services onboard. The problem is that subscription services make billions annually on forgotten subscriptions. None of them want an easy "disable" slider next to their name in a convenient app. It also makes à la carte subing easy, where you sub for a month every few months to "catch up". Basically, good luck getting an API with an easy unsubscribe command from any subscription based service. At least now we have piracy as a counter balance for that. Allow facebook into your private circle of trust and boom! personalized ads and privacy! Alright HN, so what is the end game here? I'm sure some of you have some experience working in the "ad supported" space, and obviously most of the internet and many of its services run on the ad model. So where are we going to end up if there is a full on public distrust of the current ad model? The government buys a shitload of stuff and everything has to be sourced* and made in America*. *There are exceptions, but they are rare. If you can't program it by directly showing it what to do, throw it in the bin. They probably intend for it to be SaaS too, effectively having you pay a workers wage for a truly terrible worker. You're competing with general intelligence robots that cost $12 - $15/hr. That's 10 years of full time labor for $300,000. No shot. This looks like something designed to attract ignorant investors/talent who think small time manufacturing looks like a Ford plant but with less robots and more humans. In reality it looks something closer to Grandma's kitchen on Thanksgiving. How are you gonna stick a robot in there and have Uncle Fred program it? I can't see this as anything other than a flashy high school engineering project. Much wow! little application. Source: Work in domestic manufacturing. (for valid if regrettable reasons) Well now you got me curious. Why is that? I don't think downvotes are the problem. I think the problem largely comes from the echo-chamberization of platforms. The people who would normally upvote your honest good faith against the grain take are no longer on the platform, because the reigning ideology pushed them out. That doesn't mean you are necessarily ideologically aligned with these people, reality is much more nuanced then black and white. In my experience with immune related diseases, and reading about the immune system, the takeaway from all of it is "The immune system is ridiculously convoluted, and nothing necessarily makes sense or doesn't make sense" Given that I can totally understand why they would investigate something that seems self-evident. I wouldn't have been even slightly surprised if they found that high antibody count meant higher susceptibility to re-infection. The immune system really is a spaghetti code mess of a system, and has seemingly as many intuitive as counter-intuitive behaviors. I imagine in the near future some security company leveraging amazon's "No checkout" grocery store AI camera system to watch for theft. You won't be arrested but you'll get blacklisted on a shared database across dozens of retailers. The future is going to be weird. I'm eagerly awaiting social pushback on the spreading cancer of SaaS everything. Honestly if they do enough volume to spin custom silicon, which gets cheaper and more accessible every year, it would become impractical to bypass the security. You essentially would get an electric motor and would need to rig up your own controller. And likely also figure out how to get the DRM battery to work with it. The motor is driven by a controller which modulates external switching transistors as a function of trigger percentage and the direction switch. It likely also does stuff like battery monitoring and thermal foldback. You're on the right track, but domestic cats are not native species in most places. I recently watched a short mini-doc about Notch, of minecraft fame, and it seems he really went through it after selling MC for $2.5 billion. He talked a lot about isolation and an inability to connect with other people, despite becoming well known for insane parties and stating he has the ability to do whatever he wants. Other people who have come upon sudden riches have expressed the same sentiment. There was a great post on reddit years ago from a guy in wealth management who talked about the severe lack of "human experience" when you achieve maximum wealth. If European winters turned into Canadian winters, the ecosystem would likely be devastated. Sorry if your post was just sarcasm. The issue is that fossil fuels have ridiculous energy density for their cost. Nothing else comes close. It absolutely blows my mind that Twitch still uses Xsolla. It's literally amazon using a third party to do what they are experts in. I had a half baked idea of the government seizing shares, and those become non-voting shares. Those shares are then rolled into a huge fund whose shares are distributed along with tax returns. It would probably amount to essentially free $SPY shares. Didn't think through it much, aiming for a national product that elevates everyone in the country. Kinda like a Norway oil fund. Except humanity and emotion kick in. People generally don't like to leave their country. I'd be confident in calling out the rich on this bluff. Wait till it can ID shoplifting, and people get added to a shared database of blacklisted shoppers. You can steal no problem, but one day you'll be approached and asked to leave upon entering almost anywhere. Note that permethrin is very toxic to cats. You may want to be careful if you have them around. Technically, just to be that guy, she worked all the extra time and was compensated for it with a recommendation. >any sense of urgency is almost always overblown. Things really do have a way of resolving themselves. This is just another way of saying "Nobody does anything until there are bodies on the ground" The point is to at least attempt to resolve the issue before there are any bodies on the ground. And often at the very least those efforts mitigate the number of bodies that do end up on the ground. I think the concern is that some of those satellite operators might be totally subject to the will of some dumbass dictator or politician. I think of that Romanian dictator (Ceaușescu) who let his totally uneducated wife design the subway system in Bucharest. It was completely non-sensical, but the engineers had their hands tied (although they did secretly build stations in anticipation of common sense coming along at some point.) Cobalt and nickel are the issue. Most people agree that you should not be allowed to drink and drive, yet some cannot transpose this logic onto being vaccinated. If you want to drink and drive, go for it, just don't do it anywhere public. If you want to be unvaxxed, fine, just don't go anywhere public. And why the pyramid scheme is going to collapse, unless we can continue to undercut our own workers with cheap/static cost immigrant labor. >How do they save for retirement then? This is borderline "Let them eat cake"... "Hold these incredibly uncertain investments instead of holding a mildly uncertain investment!" There is a crossover point somewhere on the income/QoL scale where children go from utility to liability. It's incredible recently, and still only in some countries, where children are in the liability area. By and large for all human history, children where a utility. More or less free labor to help support the family. I mean, that makes sense. The immigrants are there to replace all the missing kids (as well as unskilled workers). It's weird to think back to a decade or 15 years ago where it was shameful to be an "internet addict". Spending a lot of time online was generally frowned upon, and not something you would talk about. Now the entirety of society is an "internet addict". I'll admit the nerd inside me feels a bit vindicated, even if horrified overall with where the internet has taken us. What service are they using that gives 10 yrs of connectivity for a flat price? I'm pretty sure in CA it's that police do not respond to calls for anything less than felony theft. So it creates a situation where you can walk in the store, grab what you want, and then walk out with out having the police called or anyone legally allowed to stop you. It's my understanding that there are young English speaking party loyalists from affluent (relatively) families who troll western social media. These guys aren't doing PR so much as kicking up dust and defending/denying all CCP actions. The only thing that really bothers me is TikTok has CCP party members sit on its board, that review and have final say on everything. To me this is a massive liability for the US. It's just a matter of time before China starts to dabble in "content shaping" on the platform, if they aren't already. Where are you going to post your retraction when it is just temporary? I dug through the GCP dot page, and if I am understanding it correctly, their near-perfect RNGs have turned out to not be very random? Because if you're not in the country legally you don't have a bank account. The issue with this though is two fold: 1.) You cannot have a nation of college degree high skilled workers. At least until robots and AI are widespread. Being rich is a lot less fun when you cannot spend it anywhere, because none of those places have a staff. 2.) Since people aren't having kids, and we love to saddle the future with liabilities, someone has to fill that void. All the hot shot AI inventory management software in the world is useless without grunts actually executing it's guidance on the ground. The meme to mock those critical of immigration (usually conservatives) is "Those dirty immigrants are taking our jerbs!" It's a miss statement about when the crux of the issue is. It's not jobs being taken, it's wages being held low. I worked at a warehouse that started pay at $12/hr. This was in 2016. Talking to one of the older guys, he started at $12/hr as well. In 2001 . I'm sure you can guess what the worker makeup of that place looked like. There is no need to raise pay if you always have willing workers. Man, I lived that same nightmare scenario with the flipped G-S pins on a MOSFET. I had the board spun and excitedly soldered it all up. It was a relay logic project with a few micros, tons of LEDs, swaths of general logic chips, and a lot of relays. It was a hybrid mechanical computer, nothing massive, but a lot of components. Fired it up for the first time and got nothing. Just like OP I narrowed it down to the relay coils not firing. No signal out of the driving MOSFETs. Being a fool I had trusted a random online library for the MOSFET footprint, and of course the footprint had the G-S pins flipped. I painfully bodged one before deciding to just bite the bullet and spin another one. I cannot imagine doing 300 like OP did, good on him. I've build a small run of cool electronic trinkets before and it's really a killer how economically unviable it is. My BOM cost (just raw components) was twice what the final cost of a comparable product, with free shipping, from China was. A lot of people are into "local made, hand crafted" until they see it costs 4x as much for something that functionally isn't 4x as good. Bug meat, but it would be challenging to sell. Worms can be grown by the billions incredibly economically and efficiently, all while still being meat. I could see GM worms having a better flavor profile, and boom, "lab" meat. CME now offers water futures for some regions of California. Crypto evangelists have done so much to obfuscate the fundamental problem of the real world/digital world divide that I think many of them have lost sight of the problem themselves. Until we find the API for reality, many of these decentralized projects are hopeless. This is really what I am after. "Summer storms" as I call them are really tricky, and being an avid motorcyclist in the northeast it's something I pay a lot of attention too. Basically a locus of hot humid air gets going and it will shotgun small but intense rainfall/thunderstorms over a whole area. Weather models kinda just thrown their hands up and say "There is a 30% chance you'll get nailed". And why I canceled prime and don't use Amazon anymore. It's basically become a flea market done up with the fake shine of questionable reviews. No thanks. If it's any comfort, for some reason twitch uses Xsolla as it's payment processor. That is, you cannot pay for premium twitch with your amazon account. I think the point is that $45 is a made up number to push a point. An unsubsidized burger would obviously not cost $45. Edit: OP clarified with a source below that it would be closer to $15 Welcome to the internet You would think they would have learned from the war on drugs propaganda My uncertainty comes from not knowing whether the technicians servicing the machine of the economy actually have the understanding and ability to always be able to fix it. I don't know if they are working on a diesel motor, complex but fully serviceable, or if they are working on a black box, doing ritualistic tapping and prodding that seems to usually correlate with outputs. That energy has output besides random hashes. >Can you send me some of these random hashes? Since they're worthless? WKRQE0GD2T074CCH6ZOH5DYFI4TX3RMEIKHS7AWEUVYEH030GA1B36U8C1L4OWEC 5DYFI4TX3RMEIKHS7AWEGEALOI1LNLZLHKGQ2I8MJEU1XAAQPRG5MUYXXNFR9QRQ W1T7OR1UZ20L6MAXB202PWTN0YQR4IXZ851CS6LB1HUL7AALT9Z8K1OZW7FIK9IS Y112I5BI0RQ04G6LS1XZ3V4C6CY5G97IOYQ0EJSLRQ6CK4ZGCMNXHH2O3NQQ4RVK XEIKU2MHPTOQOBPG3TCT09SBPGKR0WZ0UX119IBBBB0HORXV1F0YNF18ADQHE21I Go wild Rates have been in steady decline though for the last 40 years. Checkout is still giving an error (R013) Its historically because qualcomm cuts support so you have to buy new phone, new chips. I don't think it's risk aversion so much as it is "Parts on the shelf don't pay interest/dividends". Hertz: Places order for $4 billion worth of cars Tesla: Market value increase by $100 billion Yup, this is all very logical. Edit: Guys, we all know the term "Future Value", we all also know its a purposely undefined buzzword you can fit any insanity you want into. Virtually everything a company does adds "Future Value", the question is "How much Future Value". Does selling $4B of cars really signal an entire General Motors worth of value on top of their already insane "Future Value"? The fact that not everyone is going to sell at once is built into the price. >Tesla has such a high stock price because of an army of Musk fans believing in him. Right, and they are not going to dump their shares. So the projected scarcity from that lack of supply is priced in. I'm talking about price discovery, which is (as proved many times) independent of rationality. Its not like that switch was a surprise that advertisers, apps, and investors weren't aware of. Privacy and tracking has been a focal issue for a long time now Companies buy out other public companies all the time. They usually pay more than the stock price per share. Right now if someone wanted to buy Tesla, they would have to pay more than the share price in order to get investors (the owners) to sell it. Is creativity going to be the first major human trait upended by AI? I feel like the trope has always been "But the robots will never be able to express beauty/art/music/prose like humans". However it seems that all early AI is focused on and doing surprisingly well at creative pursuits. If someone rattled off words like this I would be amazed at their creativity. Just raise interest rates and use eminent domain to build housing in locally zoned off areas. Of course we can't do either of these things (gov debt and people with power have money -> own land -> love strict zoning) The only people who say this are those who don't consider long covid. Which is a terrible outcome and seems to indiscriminately chose who to effect (in the pool of non-hospitalized people) and not be rare at all (10-30%). It's misleading to transfix on the died:"recovered" dichotomy. Recovered just means "not dead, not testing positive". And there is a good chance that this virus is sowing the seeds of a massive wave of Parkinson's in the future. There is good evidence of some forms of Parkinsons having viral origin. COVID has mirrored most of the traits these suspect viruses have (gut, vagus nerve, lewy bodies) Nobody wants to ban them, but also NIMBY. Sure Long haul prevalence: https://health.ucdavis.edu/health-news/newsroom/studies-show... For Parkinson's just google "Parkinson's viral etiology" There are dozens of legitimate published studies. None focus specifically on COVID, because its so new and the timeframes so long. But there is a link between infection with serious viruses (including coronaviruses) and later neural degeneration. Buying an electric car is turning into "buying into the Apple business model applied to cars" Maybe not Honda, the Japanese manufactures blew decade betting on hydrogen. They are now years behind other manufactures who decided in a single meeting (all that is needed) that hydrogen was a stupid route to take. I'm guessing your are not from the US? The Parkinsons link with COVID isn't far fetched https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20201106/covid-19-linked-to-... Also fatigue and shortness of breath are about as "mild" as chronic back pain, i.e. you don't want it. It really isn't something people should dismiss in the same way you shouldn't dismiss moving a piano by yourself. You'll likely be fine, but if you tweak your back you'll live with a constant reminder that you should not have done that. The press would improve drastically if they could just get their "journalists" off fucking twitter. This is what really bothers me. Everyone is being forced to put their money into an extremely overvalued market. What is a crash going to look like when main street is sitting on assets just like wall street is? Is my stock portfolio FDIC insured against a run on the market? I hate that my new savings account is shares in multibillion dollar corporations that have never made a penny of profit. And when they crash they'll tear down all the solid companies too. It's a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. It's better if you are OK waiting 15 years to get back to where you were if a major crash is immanent. Or a Japan situation where it took 30 years, thanks to stagflation, which we have all the ingredients for right now. Only optical scanners would be fooled, capacitive and ultrasonic readers actually read the 3D ridges of your finger. The idiocy was having Kamala as VP to placate the wokies with her brown skin and female gender, with no mind payed to her past stances and policies. BPA is near omnipresent still. Those laser printed receipts that virtually every business hands you when you buy anything, are dusted with BPA to help the print develop. That's why you also need to take money out of the top to counteract this. A wage crush is ideal, not a wage raise. I think software companies feel under pressure to fill the extremely large boots of their wildly expensive SaaS plans. I can only hope the next wave of "innovation" is "pay only once for your static needs!". It's a term I use myself. It's pushing down on higher wages while pushing up on lower wages in effort to concentrate people into middle class. This would also mean that many people who are not even remotely close to "the billionaire class" would get pushed down, so it's not really popular with high-earning coastal liberals, and probably many people here. I honestly don't know. I tend to be in favor of using gentle nudges to leverage natural market forces to institute change. Fortunately/unfortunately capitalism is designed to be self reinforcing. Catching more fish enables you to build bigger nets and protect fishing methods. But there isn't really any natural mechanism for incentivizing a reversing of that. Someone smarter than me will have to come up with something. Right now though it's a runaway feedback loop that's going to eventually destroy itself by "doing everything right". The entire universe is one single immensely complex circuit. There are no conductors or insulators, just one giant RLC network. This is a perfectly valid, yet extraordinarily pedantic way of viewing electronics (unless you're one of the dark wizards of RF). The battery in your cell phone right now is in some non-zero way also powering the lights in your room. Each keypress on your keyboard registers in the heater of your neighbors coffee machine. They're all part of the same singular universal circuit. Veritasium just ran with this pedantic tidbit to make a flashy controversial video. Which he didn't even get fully right because like Electro pointed out, there is always non-zero current flowing in everything. The lamp never "turns on" because it always was "on". As an electronics guy, the veritasium video just made my eyes roll. Imagine we added up all the dollars generated as a result of good instruction. Well if we're just gonna bash software guys here.... The arrogance stands out for me. I have worked in many different fields and with a range of engineers (EE,ME,CE), none come close to the general aura of big ego and arrogance around software guys. It's similar to the levels seen in finance guys. Its like there has to be some relationship between compensation and true value, where ego makes up the difference. Of course there are the humble bunch in there, but god I have no idea how they get along with their colleagues. You can start your own company and fire people for whatever (legal) metric you want. It's hilarious watching the "muh personal freedoms" people complain about private entities exercising their personal freedoms because it has bad overlap with their own. Either swallow the hard pills that come with "personal freedoms" or shut up about it. These are the same people who fought net neutrality on the grounds of "protecting private entities (ISPs) from government overreach" and then a few years later were petitioning their congressmen to write laws regulating speech on twitter. We aren't talking about nuclear weapons where you need extreme niche expertise and billion dollar labs to build one. We're talking about stopping the proliferation of binary blobs banged out by college kids on their laptops. Good luck. There is also a large contingent of young english speaking CCP loyalists who go around liberal American social media and absolutely shred the US about everything (to much applause). It just looks like typical, albeit extreme, young liberal anti-establishment (and race centric) rhetoric. Dig through their profile though and you'll see they are oddly sympathetic to China. These are people who are simultaneously calling for America to be dissolved on the grounds of repaying for slavery while also arguing that the youth of Hong Kong are confused and mislead. There is a whole website for this, but it's more the 1960's that were golden. https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/ I have, uh, mp3 backups of all the music I have owned from my, um, ludicrously massive CD collection. Is it worth the risk that google might one day decide I am a pirate and block my account? No one seems to care about quality. It's all about price. In the "Cheap, fast, quality triangle - pick 2" society has moved hard towards cheap, fast. Companies don't even want to cater to anything else. All the data should be there for the computer to decide that yes there is a large object, yes it is in the road, and yes we are on track to hit it. I wonder if this train of misleading information is gonna keep on chugging, or if people are going to realize that they really just own a string of alphanumeric characters that are just arbitrarily interpreted by centralized software. No different than how virtual items are done today. Maybe I am also salty that I was one of the "early adopters" who saw this glaring flaw and missed out on a fortune because I understood the technical side. Right about the technology, wrong about the adoption I guess. Relocating people (whether intentionally or not) will be what destroys humanity first. There is no scenario where billions of people leave the tropics and integrate conflict free into northern society. It's not even just down to cultural or racial issues, an agrarian population doesn't have many places to fit in an industrial economy and has no places to fit in a service economy. You can electrolyze water and get hydrogen to use. I totally support spraying, but I also am scared that it will be like giving a heroin addict a narcan autoinjector on the condition that they stop using heroin. Black boxes that you paid for upfront, that change their functionality, and you have to pay $9.99/mo for it. I have zero faith in court's ability to see through techno-babble. A file system is simply a system for storing files. The filing cabinet is the storage, the way I organize files in the cabinet is the filing system. People don't realize that the US defense budget is practically the only thing keeping American manufacturing alive. You'll also find tons of people who swear by their home "witches brew" medication. People who are just feeling a placebo. Or people who think they have the forum's banner illness but actually have something totally different and much more benign. They heal over time naturally, but attribute it to gum root jelly concentrate. I've been there a few times before. And while inevitably monkeys popping random pills will find something, separating the signal from the noise takes time and studies. The things that doctors pay attention too. Disclaimer: Yes there are out of touch doctors and yes random medicating has lead to amazing discoveries. I don't think anyone has to argue any of those things when the alternative is to keep pumping carbon into the atmosphere. The building is burning and people are trying to pump the brakes to discuss the most efficient and clean way to put out the fire. I don't care if it turns all your (and my) papers to mush, we need to be spraying water everywhere immediately. This is exactly the case. Every time someone starts ad-blocking, someone else has to assume that ad watch for them. Of course this isn't 1:1 parity in reality, but the ultimate manifestation of ad blocking is that. Google had a good system a few years ago that I was probably the only sucker who paid them for it (and probably why they stopped it). You could pay a chosen amount monthly, and they would not show you ads as a result. It wasn't perfected, but the concept was good for those who understand the problem and want to work towards a solution. I would suspect the opposite, once you start paying you go from being a product to being a customer. If youtube was 90% premium members, it would likely be an unrecognizably better platform, since users instead of advertisers would be the core profit center. I still use NoScript because you can quickly enable bare minimum scripts to get a site working. After a while you develop a good intuition for what is making things not work. At first it is pretty daunting and I generally don't recommend it for the less savvy. If you just blanket turn off Js the internet basically is not useable. No, they wouldn't pay for that. This is a dumb myth that people use to brush off their guilt. If something can be taken for free with no repercussion, most people will take it for free . We're in a feedback loop where content is being pulled towards the lowest common denominator of people who don't ad-block, which is a terrible uninformed click-bait hellhole. You can ad block, I do myself (with a pretty big whitelist), but understand that if you are not contributuing (money or ad views) your opinion of the internet is irrelevant. Start paying, then complain as a paying customer . That's just normal business though, and my statement is intrinsically correcting for that. Netflix has the same MBAs and bean counters, but their product has no ads and orders of magnitude less clickbait. Its clear they make content geared for their users, not for their advertisers. Youtube is very heavy with advertiser friendly content, and both creators and users pay heavily for that (but its *quote* Free! *unquote*) I want to say they stopped it in 2018? I don't remember the name of the program, and searching "google paying for no ads" brings up a ton of unrelated adwords stuff. I payed $5/mo and they would roll over unused funds. It worked pretty well, except that it would still show where the banners were, just blank whitespace instead of an ad. Yeah thanks, that was it. I hardly see product placement as being even remotely close to what YouTube is doing. Its probably one of the most innocuous forms of advertising. Imagine a YouTube where the worst you can come up with is a guy drinking a coke during his video. I work with people like that. They don't like metric simply because it would be something new to learn. Someone needs to teach them algebra Those long durations just mean that they (the engine designers) are taking thermals into consideration, and capping at a lower power to compensate. What you think is flat out, is really just "max it can run without burning up". I canceled a year ago after 15 years. I don't miss it at all. I do miss the amazon of 10 years ago though. The path that computing is on is "You will buy a screen, pay monthly for internet access, and then pay monthly to access a cloud service where you access all your SaaS applications. Never mind that when you reach a certain level of wealth, capital is your main source of more wealth. So capital becoming cheaper just goes straight to your bottom line. In the massive, bubble, err, stock market rally I guess this is why a lot of sites now removed dates from their articles. If the new infrastructure cost is less than the old manual labor cost, you can bank on the infrastructure being built. Truckers holding out on "only humans can handle last mile" are in for a surprise when we start rebuilding the last miles. I guess the issue for me is that there are places where people greatly exaggerate their claims, and there are places where those seemingly exaggerated claims are legitimate. Given that, I don't think I have ever read anything good about the UAE, either editorial or comments from expats. Maybe from insta influencers who wanted to pad their hollow "luxury life" existance. IIRC the FBI has something crazy like a 98% conviction rate. I'd guess that they take pride in the figure, and go to great lengths to keep it that high. In the story of the library of Babel, the librarians live in despair because despite having access to all the worlds information, they also have access to all the worlds disinformation, and all mixed together there is no way to tell which is which. What is the value of this comment? Preventing a direct America vs. Russia conflict is worth much more than $700B I am excellent at arithmetic (mental math) and can do "beat the calculator" party tricks. I fall flat on my face with actual math (algebra onwards). Thankfully, despite the teachings, the engineering I do is heavier on mental math skills. Anything more advanced and we use tools to do it. ...Unless that money can be used elsewhere if returns > rate. Criticizing culture is off limits, so here we are... White people are the largest demographic of poverty in the US. So racist against white people I guess? Wait until everyone finds out about what COVID is going to do... There aren't enough smart/knowledgeable players in the crypto space (by trade volume). I think this fund is making the mistake of confusing crypto with a classical market. In the fiat space, smart money discovers issues and starts to move it's massive dominating weight. In crypto its mostly monkeys at keyboards. I feel that even if tether was 100% proven a scam consisting entirely of funny money, the monkeys would just shrug and be all "Well, it still does what I want it to". Whereas smart players would see the risk and avoid it. Markets are only as rational as their actors. Its an avenue for people who consistently make bad decisions to monetize that trait. Brutal take, but I would argue it's just as valid as the opposite take: "People who helplessly fell through the cracks become victims of those preying on the weak" In reality its a mix of both and would come down to arguing over which is more prevelant. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyw4JA00AMc Here is the video on the actual fighter pilot's channel And Mick West is a VFX artist who has a hobby of making debunking videos for youtube. Actual video from the pilot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyw4JA00AMc You don't have to be highly productive to deserve a house, you just have to be net positive productive. I don't think anyone (well some people) is against society extending a credit to help people get back on their feet, but the issue is that historically it just becomes net negative producers now being even more negative by virtue of having a living space paid for with little signs of improvement. The credit just gets written off as a compounding loss. I suggest watching Soft White Underbelly on YT, he does tons of homeless interviews and outreach trying to get people back on their feet. The solution is definitely not "just throw houses and therapy at the problem" They just need to mandate that every company the provides a subscription, also provides a secure API for cancelling subscriptions. I want a god damn subscription manager app with centralized payment processing and toggle subscription switches. I feel like it is inevitable that consumers gravitate towards cameras that make them look the prettiest, if that is not already where manufactures are going. Samsung absolutely does not want someone to switch, and then find out that they "look worse" on their new samsung phone. I guess its just a matter of whether or not they implement options for post-processing. I've never worked on Mercedes, but if it's anything like BMW, its the equivalent of overtly complex spaghetti code hidden behind a super nice interface. The most worrying thing is that congress has to drastically cut spending and/or raise taxes so the fed can raise rates while still allowing the government to service it's debt. I believe the government absolutely blew its load propping up lots of entities during the early pandemic who actually did not need propping up at all (in retrospect). In an idealized case, the government would go around and ask everyone "Hey, if you didn't actually need that money, could you give it back?" and people would honestly return it. Obviously not going to happen though. Unable to buy a house, or unable to buy the house someone in their position 10 years ago could buy? I lost 3/4 my money (it wasn't much) when I was 20 in 2008 since I decided it was time to start putting my savings into the market like a responsible adult (August '08 is when I did this). The traumatic psychological fall out from that completely destroyed any innate faith I could have in markets and I still suffer from it today regardless of how illogical it is. I basically lived the "...And it's gone" meme. The field I'm in still uses serial a ton. It does what's it's supposed to and it's plenty fast how it is, so no has changed it in decades. Just like they did with all the cheap offshore manufactured goods... Don't hold your breath. You ever wonder why people in old rust belt areas complain about "the globalists" all the time? I see "embedded" and get scared. Hardware is an order of magnitude (or nine, twelve) more difficult than a software startup. Expensive rev'ing, long turn arounds, supply chain mayhem, overseas production, profits thinner than the paper they are printed on. The hardware graveyard of kickstarter is chock full of dreamy eyed hardware guys for good reason. Apes have an understanding of financial markets that's about on par with 9/11 truthers understanding of civil engineering. They get little bits right, but the whole picture wrong. I would be making 1/4 of my current salary if I didn't work in a place were impromptu discussions could happen. If my job was WFH (its not and can't be), I would still probably be doing the same stupid entry level shit with mediocre raises. Thanks to impromptu/casual conversation though, I got pulled out from under my manager and moved to a much higher position in another department (this was over a year or so, not just a one off conversation) I could interact with higherups without being viewed as "going over my bosses head", and to me that's insanely valuable. On the safety/purity part If you have the means ($100? $200) there are labs (or lab) that will test the chemical for you before you take it. >Also, people don't usually go to job interviews drunk. Having worked for years in the service industry, you'd be surprised. I would be totally unsurprised if it was profitable to manipulate the Dow to a specific open price in order to win lotteries. I think it would be better to go with +10 min from open I would agree that a bit more is required of Pilots, but similar to truck drivers, the skill required and hence the salary provided, will go down as the AI gets better and better. I can easily imagine that at some point, pilots are replaced with technicians who are just there to fix redundant AI systems in case of failure. What is the biggest drawback of G100UL? Usually when something is this hung up, its because the two sides disagree on the magnitude of a specific or small set of problems. I can't help but feel that this article is leaving out a key detail. > It wouldn't change the value of zero, because even if it devalued the dollar heavily everyone still has something. Yes, the value of some ink and paper. You are conflating "giving everyone $1000 of currency" with "giving everyone $1000 worth of value" The first one just requires changing some digits in a bank account. The second requires an enormous amount of positive work by the whole of society to generate that much value. If you print $1000 to lend to a startup business, and that business grows to generate more than $1000 of raw value, then that original printed $1000 (that was paid back) is not inflation, its growth. Imagine you could print corn seeds. You print the seeds and get a whole bunch of (real) corn cobs back. I knew a guy who would serially impulse buy things off Instagram. I don't know about plane tickets, but his apartment was full of random shit he bought off his feed. Just alone he was probably covering the bandwidth cost of his entire town. Bitcoin was a lot cooler when it was just an internet pet project. Buying VPN time all starry eyed with a few bitcoin... Etsy makes money on transactions. More transactions = more money. Most users of etsy do not care about source or authenticity. They just want what they see for the price listed. Losing the handmade trinket shops is meaningless compared to the full scale China operation doing 100x more business. Customers by and large cannot tell the difference nor do they actually care too much. I think the argument against it is that customers actually only care about price, despite the virtues they vomit all over the place about "supporting small business". 98/100 will support the idea. 2/100 will pay 2x for something because it isn't a Chinese knockoff. We just have to solve which market has a larger space to grow in: Market for cheap Chinese goods. Market for handmade trinkets. I have a pretty good feeling that I know which one is more profitable. I'm sure investors know too. Taxing those land/dwelling holding corporations just creates a pass-through situation where the end-user ends up footing the cost of those taxes. It ultimately just raises prices even more. The best fix (and proper one) is for states/feds to step in, override zoning, and start mass construction of new multi-family housing. I am an atrocious artist who absolutely kicks ass at those mental object rotation tests. I can very easily manipulate objects in my head, but draw a picture? It's an ugly mess. Doctors and researchers were warning of long term damage from the virus since feb 2020. The long term damage of SARS 1 is well documented, and it would be prudent of anyone to assume something similar from SARS 2. >people will move Where will they move? Make an original game app that lots of people like playing and bonus if they spend money on it. Make a service that is just a conglomeration of other services under the hood, hire a ux designer to make it flashy and hip looking, charge monthly. Trade options with insider information. Invoice scam cash flush startups. I think it is more timescales. The effects aren't externalized from the market, they are externalized to some point in the future. Eventually the market will collide with the massive pile of externalities laying in its future path. Lead gas would eventually reach the point of doing so much damage that people wouldn't want to use it anymore, even if it was cheaper. Even if it didn't get to this point, eventually it would be killing/debilitating so many people that it phases itself out. I can often get food cheaper from McDonalds than if I had made the equivalent from base ingredients at my house. >Yes, if an aspect of the product doesn't directly affect its price on the market today then it is invisible. I'm saying that there is no invisible effect, just so small it can't (initially) be detected. But it is inherently additive, and one day (days, years, centuries, millennia) the market will correct for it. Is this a disaster waiting to happen if visa/mc one day flip the switch on name verification? Beyond that, for the type of tracking and fingerprinting done today, how relevant is your name actually? I wonder if this will treat hidden hearing loss at all. I check all the boxes for tinnitus behavior (loud blasting music hours a day for years) but only have mild tinnitus at worst. I do however have hidden hearing loss, where I absolutely cannot understand what people are saying if there is too much ambient noise. Bars are hopeless situations for conversation, even a fan on in a room can make conversing difficult. It would be nice to revert this (and secretly go back to occasionally blasting music so loud your organs feel it). r/t_d basically pulled every single trick in the book to frontpage their content constantly. However I think that no matter what they (reddit) would have had their hand forced eventually. The site has grown massively since 2015. The digg exodus was nothing, just a bunch of group A basement dwellers moving in with group B basement dwellers. At the time the average person still had no idea what reddit or digg was. The whole thing was just internal internet geek culture drama. SaaS is an absolute cancer. I know a lot of those fat six figure salaries are contingent on people paying $9.99/mo for a grocery shopping list app, but its getting out of hand. Sorry HN. You could assassinate companies by doing this. We had a lady calling our company (the hallway phone specifically) for a week demanding answers/threatening lawsuits about why we keep trying to sell her pills. We make commercial and government electronics. She refused to understand that the phone number on her screen is not the number calling her. The problem is selling real estate as "Surefire gains that never go down" and people pinning their entire life to the value of their home. This leads to people who rabidly defend the systems that increase their property value, and these people also tend to be the local voting majority, so they can shoot down anything that they don't like. The solution is declaring emergency powers to use eminent domain to seize unused property and build medium to high density housing on it. Yeah we'll have a few 6-fig account managers handcuffing themselves to bulldozers, but eventually it will get through. Building more housing is the only "pure" way out of this. Fuck nimbys, the government needs to just step in an do it. You're not kicking anyone out of anything. Uninhabited properties are bought by the government. Houses up for sale are gov purchased and turned into mutli-family. Basically the government is turned into the sole buyer who can also ignore zoning and resident complaints. > eminent domain to seize unused property This is what is called a "ladder attack" in the stock market. Essentially you and a small group of people pick a low volume penny stock, and trade it back and forth amongst yourselves for more and more money each trade. Then other people see the fast rise and want to get in on the action. Volume picks up and the original traders cash out at a much higher price. It's like leaving the front door open for a laundromat. If it's open it's expected to be ok to enter and use. Both the internet and the laundromat go by "If it's publicly accessible, it's publicly available." I think the issue from an OEM perspective is that if their product isn't fighting the consumer, the consumer will use the product to fight them. Which isn't totally unfounded. Apple doesn't want to spend the man hours (or charge the cost) of unfucking iphones that regular consumers fucked with all the freedom they have. Don't mistake this post as a defence of Apple or the like. It's merely a recognition of the issue from their side. Artillery has become very precise. The mechanics and effects are well defined and calculated. Artillery also isn't just big guns, it includes those trucks you see shooting huge volleys of (dumb) missiles off their bed. It's not surprising, it's an economic consequence. At 25 I couldn't even afford to properly care for myself, much less a kid. At 30 it would have been difficult with lots of corner cutting. At 35 its viable-ish, but now I'm getting up there... Shareholders have to step up and get a leadership that can take care of it. Moral superiority is the cheapest form of superiority. Google has flown completely off the rails. I don't know why shareholders aren't stepping in, but if they don't I will be stepping away from google. I agree with the easier part, but maybe not the "than it has to be" part. The "oracle problem" is the reason why I lost interest in crypto after the 2017 boom, when I really got into the nitty-gritty of crypto. The trust built into crypto is rock solid, the problem is that it's scope is so narrow and limited that even after a decade it's still searching for a major trust problem to solve. In this case you cannot reverse crypto payments because there is no oracle that can do it. You would need to find God's own API for reality. I was however totally wrong about the future (monetary) value of crypto in early 2018. I guess sometimes it pays more to know less. Edit: Also of course every single crypto org obfuscates and is opaque as possible about the oracle problem. I'd venture that most investing in the space don't know what it is. The problem is that it inherently places an ever growing bounty on corrupting those "trusted" sources which are in fact human, not cryptographic. The bounty in crypto is only in cracking whatever chosen cryptography, and this is the very heart of crypto's provably rock solid trust. This bounty is worth trillions , but we known with a (very) high level of certainty that no one can claim it. You would have to have broken cryptography, or developed a sci-fi level computer chip in total secret. How much can you trust a handful of news sources when the bounty for gaming them reaches the billions or hundreds of billions in value? What kind of person suddenly wants to become an editor when they get to wear one of the rings of power? (sorry I've been reading LOTR lately) There is a simple calculus here (and everywhere) that shows that as the value of trust grows, so does the value of breaking that trust. Crypto solves this by making the cost of breaking that trust far outside human's capability. It probably would be be asking too much to introduce an element that suddenly makes that cost practically obtainable compared to cracking crypto. Long time Google fanboy here, and I'm honestly a hair's breadth away from buying an iphone 13. I have had nexus/pixels phones since the gnex. I have evangelized android to for almost as long. I did ground work for google by pushing people into google's services. I have a day 1 pixel 6 pro. I pay for cloud storage and yt premium. But to me google is just falling apart. I feel like they have lost their technology drive in order to pursue ideological ones. Their tech has become all half-assed with poor/no support. I cannot trust anything they make to be supported in the future anymore. RCS is still a disaster, my one friend on Fi with a pixel 5a still cannot get it working and Google/Fi has pretty said "We don't know". I do not like Apple, but after almost 20 years a Google fanboy, I'm starting to like Google even less. So much so that I'll have to eat lots of shame from the many iphone people who questioned my android love for years. *If anyone can convince me otherwise, please do*. I feel like the best thing that could happen is disposing of Sundar and getting someone who can refocus google on being a tech company devoted to making the best tech products. Thanks, but I feel I am reaching a point where I need my friend to be able to go to a physical location where they either fix it or clone his phone onto a new one that does work. I can't be google's advocate twisting my friend's arm to troubleshoot their phone anymore. This is just a tiny sliver of my dissatisfaction too. I feel like the long time lover that sits down one night and after a lot of thinking gives pause with "Wait, why am I still in this relationship?" Society becomes a more dangerous and unforgiving place, and suddenly men have value as protectors and providers again. To quote Bill Burr "There are no feminists in a house fire" For a couple years after trump was elected I worked with many illegals. Many of them were scared of trump and had family that was scared to come over because of him. It was more rumor than reality that kept numbers down, but none the less it was working. >What men do is based on what men want. What men want is sex. I think you are close, this is probably mostly true for the 16-24 yr old crowd. But I think that the actual drive is to produce kids who make a family that he can provide for/care for. The primal urge is steering the ship, but it's a step (or two) deeper then sex. I would go do it. You'll do a sleep study, nothing crazy. Sleep apnea can really jack up your heart if left untreated. This cookbook analogy is pretty true for all fields. There are tons of software engineers who have never taken a higher math course, the "cookbook" and the intuition is enough to get the job done efficiently enough. I think everyone agrees, but it is a first amendment nightmare to try and regulate. I vote counter strike as the most watchable e-sport by far. You can explain 95% of the game to someone in 15 minutes. No special moves or hidden abilities. Shoot guns, plant/defuse bomb, that's it. OTOH I think MOBA's are the absolute worst. Unless you know the game well, its takes waayyy to much to learn who is doing what and what they can do if needed. Cigarettes have the "think of the children" special ability. They are talking about the "applied physics" engineering fields. The healthcare in my area is like watching feudal lords rapidly claiming their territory. With central fortresses (hospitals) and outposts (smaller treatment centers). >So a simple answer is that global warming is responsible for about 1 degree of the 10-degree heat anomaly. Bruh... As a badly lactose intolerant person, I get that oatmilk is 2x the cost. But please, you are putting in 15 cents of oatmilk, and charging 0.75 to 1.00 extra for it. A small cup of black coffee with oatmilk for $3.50. Please. The soy thing is if you drink gallons a day for years. I'm not aware of any long term studies that found anything. Your brain ends up completely fucked if your only source of information is opinion "news". Unless you live in a communist country, you are part of a labor market. You are simply pricing in external variables to your compensation, which is part of how markets work. THe fed has been holding back because it doesn't want to spook the markets. Tech has been Americas golden goose for the last decade and high interest rates are like kryptonite for tech. All those flashy startups burning hundreds of millions with only negative profits to show for it are a direct product of a low interest rate environment. The fed knows that raising rates will likely result in the goose losing most of its feathers, and the carry on effects from that. If you currently work for a tech company that runs on VC cash, the time to look for an established profitable enterprise to work for is yesterday. Raising rates will likely massacre debt dependent companies. I would assume they were prompted for their age on youtube. Ine the same way designers discussed above try and big dick their designs, clocks when through some EE big dicking on trying to minimize battery usage. Same thing with LCDs. They got them to really low power usage. Some of the ones today would basically last your whole life on a single button cell. I wonder if we could get an interstate cluster healthcare plan. NY, MA, CT, NJ joined together (ok RI, you too) certainly have the economic firepower and population numbers to get a good system going. after being down ~40% this week. Everyone from every profession can write about how their work is critical to a pandemic world. I'd give half my salary to live in Denmark >Our PM looked around for teams willing to use our service, and found the Gmail team very receptive. A few engineers integrated it in about a week and we launched that "send money" button on Gmail at Google I/O. Could never get over how Gmail had "send money" but Google Wallet didn't. (They eventually changed their mind, of course.) Thanks for the insight on why Google makes so many braindead decisions. It's so frustrating I'm ready to abandon them entirely. When are they going to announce "Corporate restructuring with a focus on product dedication"... A lone white male. Sorry it wasn't totally clear. For all intents and purposes, women count as minorities. Google has plenty of pictures with white women, and white men and women. But so far I have only found one picture with a lone white male (on one of the chromecast pages, on the TV was a show page, and the show page had a lone white male). I guess they can get 1/2 credit for that. Oh and I found a picture of a lone white guy, but he was disabled. So I guess that technically counts, although he would still fall into the "minority/disadvantaged" camp. Damn, if only China was this strict about its lab safety. Et tu, Brute? The other side of the coin is that users are so used to the "free" model (read: ad model) that they refuse to pay for anything directly. Look at youtube. They show ads and there is a non-stop stream of complaints about how long/bad/annoying they are. They offer a paid subscription to remove all ads and people laugh at the audacity youtube has to ask for money. Users DO NOT want to see/watch ads. Users DO NOT want to pay a subscription for "free" content. Just look at the story of Vid.me, a youtube competitor start-up that promised ad-free and sub-free videos. It was a huge hit until it hit bankruptcy. I'm going to guess that large amounts of CO2 is a byproduct and is vented. Have you been under a rock for the last 20 years? I don't think autopilot circa 2019 would detect and react to traffic lights? The case seems pretty clear cut anyway, the guy had cruise control on and wasn't paying attention to traffic lights. We'll see if he turns around and sues Tesla, pleading ignorance about what "autopilot" could do. Non-asset holders (read: bottom ~70%) do not have money and cannot stomach inflation. Unfortunately, the data shows that most Americans are not SWE's pulling $180k from the comfort of their newly renovated living room for the last two years. Google search has gotten so bad compared to how it used to be that this might actually be useful. I can't imagine the cost to install a backflow device on every single lone connection. I can already envision everyone talking over each other trying to say how their personal AI generated TV show is the best show they have ever seen. Just imagine how much lonelier the world is going to feel when people don't even have entertainment in common anymore. It will be 6 months before hardware bypass devices show up on alibaba. Just like this post about making a software bypass to a security check, there are hardware guys making bypasses to security checks. Now you create a situation where hardware bypassed cameras have immense value to bad actors. I wonder why this is. It would pretty trivial to implement because everyone is using the same sources for radar and storm velocity/vector. I manually guesstimate this all the time using PYKL3 (excellent radar app). What is the z-level stuff? Haven't you always been able to move through layers up/down? I have a google home and it is insanely good at hearing you speak. Even with the exhaust fan above the stove and the sink running, I can still talk to it like I would talk to another person in the room. Singularity Hub is just a clickbait pop science site. Probably the demand for a 11% annual return guarantee. That might also fit with the fact that the youngest is usually the homosexual one. Mom started taking the pill to prevent anymore kids, but one slipped through. I can't tell if Tesla actually has all these issues or if every automaker does but the media loves "this new scary thing" stories so much that every time a Tesla burns its on national news. Russia is a petro state too. Without oil and gas they are nothing. It's important to understand that inflation is something that happens to value coupons (currency) not value. Corporations using credit to pay higher wages isn't going to be a stable system. There has to be underlying value in all those higher wages (read that twice because it's the most salient point). People so often confuse value coupons with actual value that we get lines like "Raise minimum wage in order to give people more value". But the end result is using credit to pay higher wages. Credit just being future value that doesn't exist yet. So eventually there will be a reckoning at some point in the future. Just look at the start-up space. Sky high wages and benefits paid for entirely with credit. Now the reckoning has come and they're in shambles. A better fix is rebalancing how value is distributed. But this is hard too because people immediately jump to C-level compensation, but their base pay divided among the company is peanuts and their equity pay is ridden with risk (and currently in the dumpster). It's a very difficult problem overall, and it's why there is always such little policy movement despite everyone saying "You just have to do this one simple thing!" Edit: I understand if people don't like hearing this, but at least provide a rebuttal. The free market is a miracle worker in anything that doesn't involve necessities. I don't really count food though because it generally has enough competition and liquidity to keep it in check, but if it gets (really) bad then it too. But medical and housing? Yeah, it has no problem destroying peoples lives. A tech and finance powerhouse. Given Google is probably one of the most woke organizations, I find this hilarious. I can't tell if this comment is sarcastic or not. It's only as profitable as what advertisers will pay. Porn is at the absolute bottom for ad value. Inhaling combusted plant matter is worlds different than inhaling a nicotine/glycol aerosol. I have shown imagen (and dalle2) to a number of people now (non-tech, just everyday friends, family, co-workers) and I have been pretty stunned by the response I get from most people: "Meh, that's kinda cool? I guess?" or "What am I looking at?"..."Ok? So a computer made it? That seems neat" To me I am still trying to get my jaw off the floor from 2 months ago. But the responses have been so muted and shoulder shrugging that I think either I am missing something or they are missing something. Even really drilling in, practically shaking them "DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS A ORIGINAL IMAGE CONSTRUCTED ENTIRELY BY AN AI?!?!" and people just seem to see it as a party trick at best. If there was a way to have an AI feed you moves without being caught, then I am positive Carlson wouldn't be at the top for long. It was always unsettling to me how popular Canada Goose jackets are in a place where $40k salaries are the norm. I think what people might be missing here is that there are $60 unbranded T-Shirts and $300 jeans. If you have even a mild eye for clothing you would still be able to see that they are not just a hanes shirt with levis. Casual fashion is a thing too. I know there are a lot of groups working on how to prevent AI disruptions to society, or how to mitigate their impact, but are there any groups working on how to adapt society to a full blown unchained AI world? Like throw out all the safeguards (which seems inevitable) and how does society best operate in a world where no media can be trusted as authentic? Or where "authentic" is cut from the same cloth as "fake"? Is anyone working on this? No one has ever been sad that they weren't born. "How would you feel if you weren't born?" is a nonsensical question. When there is no police force (like on the global stage) ownership is determined entirely by what you can protect. Nobody likes this, but there is no alternative. I don't think they are leveraging phase. We'll find out if China invades Taiwan and American youth overwhelmingly think America needs to stay out of it. You would expect resistance the same as any other military intervention has. However the magnitude of the that resistance given what is at stake is what would be telling. So the EPA is kneecapped since they have to go through the most ineffective and hyper partisan congress since the founding of the country. To think there are people to who stayed home in Nov' 16 because they were salty that Bernie didn't get the nomination. But Putin does have dictator level control... It's Putin's Russia because Russia does what Putin wants. Biden wants a lot of things for America but both the legislature and the courts are stopping that. So in that sense it is America's America. I think the real issue is that software is way overpriced. They are discussing the difference between engineers that have to toil with the rules of the universe, and engineers who have to toil with rules that they make themselves. Software does exactly what you tell it. Hardware does what you tell it, but it always listens to mother nature first. So is everything else, you just take it for granted at this point. My car (mazda 3) does this where it just sends the play command as soon as the phone (pixel) connects. But it just continues playing whatever I was last listening to, so it's always something different. Kinda nice. Anytime I learn about bodily functions I become more and more aware of how shit it's engineering is. Works amazing, sure, but try and fix or debug anything? Good luck. Midsummer is a holiday, not "middle of summer". Midsummer also happens at the beginning of summer. Welcome to SaaS. And who are the ones that voted against building that cheaper housing? I have no idea what people expect dems to do about abortion. They cannot pass a national law without the senate. Most blue states already put in protections. It's not like they can just trot down to the court house and change the judges mind. That doesn't make sense since employment is near capacity right now and the worker shortage is still very real. Mind you this is now long after all the covid benefits have dried up. We'll see when a fourth amendment case comes across their docket how true they are to the constitution and limiting government. I'm not holding my breath. This is why I don't sign on to anything new google does for a few years now. It's going to be buggy but promising initially, then be poorly supported, and then be cancelled leaving you high and dry. If I was a large shareholder I'd be yelling to ditch Sundar everyday. The guy is a total idiot just floating by on ads dollars. Google could be so much more if they reorganized into conventional dedicated teams and stopped trying to cover their shortcomings with political virtue signalling. The classic definition of an engineer is someone who practises applied physics. However many SWEs do have the same engineering mindset, just applied in a different space. To be fair, historically you were pumping out babies by 22. Balding in your late 20's or 30's simply meant dad was going bald. To make it worse you can always find people who are exceptions to strange connections. Also the US's demographics problem is peanuts compared to Europe and Asia. oof, peak programmer arrogance. But think of the *value* it creates! The value! Maybe they need to have another truck follow them so they can bag and dispose of lawn clippings. DALL-E is the writing on the wall for those with a competing talent to start looking for other (non-art) work they may want to do in the future. It would be an egregious error to think that AI art programs are some new tool to learn akin to photoshop. Maybe that will hold true for a few years at best. There will come a point, much sooner than later, where the value in typing prompts into an AI is going to only be worth minimum wage. I envision the skill of giving good AI prompts to be as short lived as the skill of T9 texting. Probably even shorter. Cameras require skill to use. AI does not. You can just ask it to generate a skilled photograph. The AI completely fills the gaps that previous tech left for humans. Can't wait until Amazon inserts itself in the middle of this IoT energy revolution. /s Russia controls the most valuable portion of Ukraine right now. Going after Kiev was a win/win for Russia because it allowed them to capture the southern coast and maybe even gave them the country (it didn't). Unless Ukraine retakes the southern coast, Russia will have achieved their main objective. I can't help but feel that this will be a fleeting skill. As humans work towards clearer communication with AI, AI will be working towards clearer understanding of humans. This isn't going to happen because it's much cheaper to transmit higher voltages than higher currents. Your PC running at ~500W only needs a conductor capable of transmitting 4.2A with conventional 120V. If you switch to a 12V source, that same 500W now needs a 42A conductor. It's just not practical. At least for me, the intensity of a psychedelic trip was little about the visuals and a lot about that indescribable consciousness change. I don't think AI's are going to be collapsing people's innate sense of reality (the way that psychedelics does at least), perhaps leaving them questioning what media is and isn't real though. With the explosion of image gen AI out there recently, I feel confident that within a year anyone will have access to free or nearly free totally unchained image generation on par with or better than current DALLE-2. Nobody does anything until there are bodies on the ground. Part of the problem, likely a major part, is the first world has to go and stop the emerging world from emerging like they did. Europeans who clear-cut europe to industrialize into a first world society are having to go tell Brazilians "You must stop cutting down the Amazon!", preventing them from industrializing. Basically: Rich people telling poor people that they cannot do the things that make people rich. "Wow and those stupid libs were saying global warming! Idiots!" I can already hear them screeching. You mean the "green" party that relentlessly fear-mongered nuclear and got Germany addicted to russian fossil fuels? The one that is going to be forced to start burning coal again? Germany isn't a barren desert with copious wind and sun. Demonizing nuclear will be looked back upon as cataclysmic fuck-up fueled by pure ignorance. The issue is that neither wind or solar provide baseline generation. Frances issue aren't with nuclear, but with funding. There are other public companies than unprofitable tech cash blockholes. I remember day 1 of the war when 4-star generals where on TV saying Ukraine was going to get rolled. A group of engineers run the numbers on a thursday afternoon and see immediately that it just isn't practical/possible. The idea dies without ever getting out of the lab or even off the whiteboard. A kid stumbles into the idea though and has the gumption to actually carry it all the ways to a "working" prototype, which inevitably wows everyone who isn't in the field (pretty much everybody). "We let our graphic designer go so we could onboard a AI Prompt Engineer" "How much are we paying him?" "About $225k plus bonus and equity" "And how much was the graphic designer paid? "$55k" "..." If you're talking about Elon, he does in fact have pretty deep technical knowledge. Both from reports of his employees and just watching technical interviews with him. I get the hate about him, but it's reached the point where people just make stuff up and it gets swept up into "truth" just because it feels good. China has this in spades, where you can build a (hardware) product and source everything needed from the same city. And not just distributors of those parts, the actual manufacturers are all right there building what you need. Run out of anything and it's just a 20 minute drive to go grab more from the factory. I'm a bit less optimistic than that. I think we will be forced to start atmospheric spraying, and hopefully use that bandaid to fix the underlying wound. In theory it will stop warming, which may cause many people to take that as "Well, looks like we can go back to burning fossil fuels!". Fortune favors the fortunate If OP reads this Switch out that selector switch for a knob with an indent. Its just annoying and bad feeling to free spin a selector switch like that. For stuff like scrolling and volume adjust, you want to be able to do it effortlessly with one finger. Seems they are called "scrubber knobs" if you google it. He shouldn't be too upset, views and video quality only have a very rough correlation if at all. It shouldn't be surprising that his most accessible video is his most watched one. Given that they are both traded, they're really "abstract made up units" at least no more than than anything else you buy is. There is an enormous market consensus that determines the value of dollars and euros. The key takeaway given that is that the market is either losing confidence in the eurozone, gaining confidence in the US, or most likely; both. The hard, spikey, jagged, foul tasting pill to swallow then: Society needs to pay directly for content. In my experience, most users are aloof idiots and do not even notice it. Total aside... That bike looks like one of those mini circus bikes that clowns ride I can't decide if the plumber should be charging more or less. It's hard to put a value on not having to go outside to an outhouse. It's annoying that google has been forcefully pushing down wikipedia at least for medically related things. I don't want to have to go to the second page to get an article that isn't scared to use a word longer than 6 letters. There are in fact a lot of supplements that are effective. Magnesium for heart issues, Calcium for bone density, creatine for weight lifting. There are also a lot of supplements that do nothing. The "snake oil". Examine exists so that you can use studies to determine which is which. I will not even be slightly surprised when in 10 years we get stats like "60% of all image generation compute power used for making NSFW material" This is first generation tech that is dropping jaws compared to just 2 years ago. A career typically requires 40 years of job security. I would venture to guess that the author doesn't have a full understanding of what the AI is doing or how it works. There are a gazillion artist who take clear inspiration from other artists, and there is no copywrite violation in doing so. The AI viewing his work isn't any different. We can go back and forth all day. But legally your friend has no legs to stand on. People do "like copies" of works all the time, and it's been ok'ed by the courts just as much. Unless your friend thinks the AI is copying snippets of his work into generated images, I'm not sure where they are getting these ideas from. >Would you bet your life on the fact that it doesn't? Yes, because that's not how it works. If your friend is still upset, maybe they should consider the artists they "stole" their learning material from. I'm wondering if there is a big asterisks next to that "Hydrogen is cheaper* than batteries in these use cases" *when hydrogen is sourced from fossil fuels and/or fossil fuel powered generation There are devices however that offer free satellite help signals. No data or anything, just press the button and it will send your coordinates to a (government funded) emergency dispatch who will automatically send rescue. Are people actually going to freeze? My understanding so far is that industry will freeze (as needed) so that all the reserves can be used for people. I get a feeling that this crisis is becoming more media-gorging-on-crisis-clicks than it is an objective analysis. I'm going to be honest... I hate that it is in my interest for this to never become popular. It's a situation where my faith in the listed products is inversely proportional to the popularity of your site. There is also the fact that as you become more influential the value of your influence increases proportionately. The offers for "selling out" just keep growing bigger as you grow more popular. It also becomes easier to convince yourself that you're not really "selling out" if you just take money for this or that. And, like any business, of course you do need to monetize somewhere. It's just an unfortunate alignment that goes against the core thesis of the (great!) idea. The chipmunks around my house are dumb af. They get scared of the cat, but after 2 minutes of sitting still they're running right by him again. It's almost like they evolved to be food. Or touch them at all. People say "I always wear N95 for maximum effect" But then they were the same mask for a week and play with it/adjust it 100 times a day. ZMM is a great philosophy intro book. It's captivating and will get you in that "deep thinking mode" while never getting too overly dense. The actual core philosophy is a bit meh, but it really doesn't matter since the book is loaded with general good insight. +1 Maybe an ELI5 of "fixed points"? Really late here, but I have some first hand experience with this exact issue (raiding our business and everything.) To be brief, and what I assume happened, is that military electronics specs lots of old outdated/obsolete electronic components. It can be exceedingly difficult to get that part changed (if it works don't fix it) and often can be exceedingly difficult to find parts from authorized distributors. On the back end too, those distributors also need to ensure they are getting legit parts. SO what can end up happening is you desperately need a part to move production along, and you yank on all your distributors to get you some. One of those distributors then goes out and gets "contaminated" parts from a "usually good" source. You end up with those parts, test them all, they test good, put them in, and by doing so assume all responsibility for them. "All responsibility" means you are legally liable for using that part. Cue FBI raid. Really the core issue is that the military uses a lot of stuff that works amazing, but is contracted from parts that are long out of production. Updating is a difficult and risky task, because it's not really an "update" as much as a "find similar parts to build the same thing". Which means moving from a tested and known good product, to a brand new untested one. Naturally, there is a lot of resistance to this, and a changing something like a single chip could take a year or more of testing and auth. The top 40% are unbelievably flush with cash and the job market is strong as ever (bloated tech companies don't count, their value was solely promises anyway). The fed is fighting to undo the QE it over did during the pandemic You probably don't realize it, most don't, but your statement is contradictory. It's the same line with the housing market doomers "Prices will crash and I will be able to buy a nice home". If something is crashing, it means no one can or will buy it. If people can buy something or want to buy it, it will no crash. It's more temperature variation that kills cards. In a conventional mining setup thermals are monitored and accounted for. A card running at 70C 24/7 will last a long time. Longer than a card that is constantly bouncing around in temperature. It's odd how as information has become more widespread and accessible than ever before, the cost of obtaining information through conventional means has skyrocketed. Something is clearly not right. I would hope performance GPUs are using 105C caps. At a 30% derating they should last almost 10x as long as at 105C. People think that if there were no scalpers, that they would be able to get a card at MSRP. But that's completely misguided. They wouldn't be able to get a card at all. Affordable, widely available, obtainable. In a supply constrained market, you can only choose two of those. Scalpers make it so it's widely available and obtainable. But no other option would help everyone get cards at MSRP. I can't tell if they believe they have cracked the code that makes learning these concepts accessible or if they are suffering from a severe case of expert syndrome, totally unable to put themselves in the shoes of a novice. Can't wait to see twelve new $49.99/mo speech parser services pop up in the next few weeks. > The average reporter we talk to is 27 years old, and their only reporting experience consists of being around political campaigns. And on twitter. It's pure cancer to journalism and "journalists" can't seem to help but do all their reporting from the comfort of their home browsing twitter for the "news" and takes all day. Honestly I think honest journalists should take an "Oath of No Twitter" to keep their jobs. They are trying to juice the economy with an adrenaline shot and hoping it still will work like it would in "normal" times. Even if your claim is true, it still would have been the smarter long term move to keep the war going. The prospect of a western aligned russian regime is so valuable it's worth fighting (and funding) the war for. Generally blogs are terrible sources for political information. When the curtain falls we'll see how desperate they are to cut off their nose to spite their face. The gains for joining the west would be enormous, while the alternative is staying a destitute 2nd world country. I don't believe russians are that stupid. Construction is the male equivalent but nobody seems to even notice. I think where the ship runs aground is that sexual things are treated as intrinsically amoral, because people feel its amoral. However, that feeling is no more legitimate than "green is the best color" (because my brain tells me it's the best). Edit: Just want to add - Homosexuality has the same illogical hurdle. It feels immoral to many people, so therefore it must be immoral. People are largely unable to separate their lizard brain instincts from logical analysis. So we end up with gays being stoned to death. Ironically, the issues you list would be best solved with a professional prostitution industry and regulatory committee running the show. As for the pair-bonding thing, it reads like it came out of a bible pamphlet. "This idea feels right, and is consistent with my ideology, so it must be right" . Sex isn't what makes people partners... To me what makes them like big tech is way overcharging for something that has a nominal cost to them, on the basis of "value produced". The divide between SD and DALLE doesn't matter for anything meaningful. The tech is advancing at a breakneck speed. I really cannot emphasize that enough. If SD is behind today, I wouldn't even be the least bit surprised if it's ahead in one month from now. Or be where DALL-E is today and DALLE just be that much further. I suspect that even in 6 months from now people will be starting to see consistently good generation from "worse" prompting. The cat is out of the bag on this and running way faster than anticipated. Hold on, because the "AI generating fake media" thought experiment of the last decade has now officially gone live. Imagine plumbers used value based pricing. The cost of everything tech is grossly inflated. Look at Amazon, they make an absolute killing with AWS. It's just fat margins all over. Google and MS price competitively with AWS and happily make a killing too. Sooner or later though, someone is going to come along and say "You know, I'd be fine with a 5% profit margin" and the house of cards will fall while the tech bros cry "value" the whole way down. You could trick yourself into thinking a sharpie is worth $40/mo if you drink enough of the "value" coolaid. The pace media generating AI is advancing at is insane. At this rate the tech is going to be mature before a sizeable part of the population even knows it's a thing. SD is open source (for real open source) and the community has been having a field day with it. SD has been out for about a month and it is first gen technology. If "quite a while" was 5 years, then sure, I'll agree. But we are one month into the experiment, and the technology still struggles to get wholly authentic looking media. I'd say it would be wise to give it a few years before claiming victory. Anytime society has an enormous demand for something, especially people/institutions with money, it gets done. If there are hundreds of billions or even trillions riding on upgrading the grid and securing mineral resources/researching alternative solutions, it will get funded and figured out. There will be $20,000 economy EVs with crappy everything but still go A to B. There will be grid upgrades to handle everyone charging (really topping off is more realistic, few drive more than ~25 miles/day, the upgrade to accommodate this might simply be "grid smart" chargers). There will be alternative chemistry batteries that don't need rare earths (like LFP in some Teslas). Toyota is just stubbornly refusing to take the L on their 30 years of research into this. I don't blame them, but I'm not them, so I'll call it how it is. There is no way humans give up control over their own vehicle. This isn't a practical issue it's a psychological one. I've thought about doing this, but I envision the legal headaches and DRM that will inevitably creep into the batteries being not worth the effort. It's even possible to DRM at the cell level, and I fully expect OEMs to do that. People definitely do that, what is misleading is that it's only a tiny percent of those 100k. Most likely live within 25 miles. Extremely few people drive more than 50 miles to a sporting event. And for the people who are forced to do it because they live in the sticks, there are not enough of them to sway the ship's direction on this. ICE engines really hate sitting without running. When you are on the street your stuff gets stolen a lot. Reducing wages by definition increases profits and the title doesn't match what the linked abstract says. I get what the study is saying, but the crucial piece of info is whether the non-business degree managers create an increase in profits greater than the increase in profits from wage cuts/suppression. I'm not arguing any point except that the study data is incomplete. Nvidias arrogance is going to do them in. 1.) Create incredibly useful company that the public mass adopts and uses. 2.) Fuel adoption by running in the red, subsidising consumer costs to keep prices low and fuel adoption. 3.) IPO and sucker all those consumers into buying shares in a company they know and love. 4.) Cash out and let the new shareholders figure out that the company isn't at all sustainable. Modern tech jobs (in the era of free money, which may be ending) have really put a clamp on long hours. Tech jobs were notorious for long hours until recently where it has flipped, and they are known for comfy work/life balance approach. Bold of you to assume lawmakers would be ahead of hackers on the technology front. > People seem to think that if you ban this practice, you'll get the premium package for free. No, no one thinks that. What people do think is that if they buy it, they will own it, and it will be theirs. Not a rental from a megacorp whose auth servers shit the bed on the coldest day of the year. Here in NJ we have a pretty strict plastic bag ban. It's all gone pretty smooth except for grocery delivery services. Instead of using one time use thin plastic bags, they now have to use reusable bags. That they never reuse. So places like our company that get office foodstuffs delivered weekly, end up throwing away stacks of thick plastic bags. Apparently though the legislature is working on a fix for this. I was hoping on HN I wouldn't see this brain dead "CEOs on boards" take that was the top of every reddit post on the subject. I have worked two jobs for more of my life than not. Nobody has any problem with someone working another job as long as the hours don't overlap (or competitor clauses). It's likely because services like these use models as data feeds and not live/recorded data. It is something you would want though if you are hosting content with audio consumed by people who aren't paying attention to audio quality. I honestly think it comes down the insane competition for eyeballs. If your news isn't inflammatory enough you lose eyes to those who are. I interviewed at one of Qualcomm's satellite locations, and when you walk into the receptionist's desk area, the walls are totally covered in golden plaques. Floor to ceiling, wall to wall. Each golden plaque is one of their patents. I almost fell over myself when I realized it. I can't wait until China invades Taiwan and their is a statistically significant shift of gen-z support for Chinese imperialism, or more likely, support of american isolationism. Only hope that China is the world police? Wait till the stories come out about criminals discovery what an extremely low impedance source of 700V does to your body. Brother you literally are the definition of quality over quantity. I've never seen anyone else rise so fast in the youtube world as yourself, especially on the back of only a handful of videos. Really incredible work from a truly inspiring engineer. Keep it up. Tech work went from deathly 60-80hr work weeks, to comfy WFH jobs where you can skate by on 2 hours of work a day. The only reason musk gets so much hate is because he uses twitter without a PR. Give him a PR team and people would still be going on about him like in 2016. Everybody complains that energy companies manipulate prices to enrich themselves. For some reason though none of them are happy that they can use their inside knowledge to get rich... Russia would be insane (more than they already are) to attack that. It has nothing to do with Ukraine and would likely be considered an attack on a NATO ally. No benefit and lots to lose. Ukraine recently discovered it had large reserves of natural gas. Enough that it could potentially threaten Russia as Europe's main supplier. Many people suspect this was the primary reason Russia invaded. Forgive my ignorance, I'm a hobby embedded programmer at best, but aren't many programming languages built right on top of C? Is the whole lineage unsafe, or is it really just C? I called the top, but it was the wrong one. It really is mindblowing how irrational a market can become, to the point that seemingly everyone agrees thing have become untethered, and the market will still run another 25%. With a special shout out to Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. Localised environmental destruction is such a pittance compared to global environmental catastrophe that its comical people even bring it up. Because you can use $10B to give $500M/yr for a limitless period of time. Gates can give substantially more money if he leverages it to grow over time. I would wager that it is going to take decades if ever that the Gates fund will hit $0. Yeah it's not as flashy as "Died with $0 of his fortune left", but under the hood the net good done is orders of magnitude greater. What's frustrating to me is that seemingly no one who complains about billionaires actually understands why they are billionaires and what the difference between a checking account and a 20% equity stake are. I've spent a lot of time trying to think of ways to remedy wealth inequality, and the best I can come up with is "If you hate Bezos so much, you should probably quit your addiction to Amazon Prime." They deserve their wealth because you keep buying and using their products. If everyone who hated billionaires stopped using amazon tomorrow, Bezos would be in serious trouble. But alas, Bezos offers a service that enormous amounts of people seemingly can't quit using, which to me (and the market that prices it), is infact worth hundreds of billions. I haven't used amazon in 2 years. I'm sick of sitting in peoples apartments listening to them cry about billionaires while I'm tripping over prime boxes to get to the bathroom. Wake up. It's their products. Fixing wealth inequality doesn't necessitate throwing out the entire legal and economic system we have. Workers can form unions if they they are not being recognized. There is no need to topple capitalism so that amazon can become a nationalized business with an inverted pay hierarchy. Legally, no. The company belongs to investors and the workers signed a contractual agreement with those investors. Any single one of those workers could have spun off and sold their value to any other buyer willing to pay the price they(the worker) wanted. Most don't do this though because they are willing to take a lower pay in order to (greatly) mitigate risk. Also, as you might be surprised to learn, workers already keep the majority of value they produce. Quick example: Gold mine owner lets workers keep 90% of everything they mine. Gold mine owner doesn't mine at all, but is by far the wealthiest person in the operation. Funny story, My sister got annoyed with the auto-braking on her new Subaru and turned it off. Three days later she rear ended someone, smashing up the whole front of her car. This was the third time she had rear ended someone. She keeps it on now. Knowing her, it's "Put your fucking phone down". I would assume there was also at least a minor degree of due diligence, such as "Would this person actually have had the knowledge to write letter". Elon publicly apologized that the android app was terrible, without naming anyone. Then this guy responded publicly calling out Elon. I don't know any CEO that would be cool with that. If Elon named him, sure, rip him apart. But Elon simply referenced the android app, and this guy took it personally in the worst way. I can't decide if I love or hate the idea of using a national ID card for everything. The Chinese government owns tiktok. The algorithm that decides what videos americans will consume is signed off on by the Chinese government. That is an enormous national security threat. God the whataboutism that pops up everytime tiktok is discussed is suffocating. Some people are just so desperately trying to divert attention away from it and others are trying to hijack the movement to make it into some kind of constitutional level privacy reform. Tiktok can die, everything will be fine, and then we can focus on our own issues here. I think part of the issue is that people that would be most motivated to work at twitter, those looking to really effect change through their job there, are mostly political ideologues. >Only figuratively in the hacker/gamer sense. TikTok is owned by ByteSense. No, in the very literal sense that Bytedance has a board of directors, and on that board is a CCP member who has the real final say on everything the company does. When you are a business in China, you defacto work for the government. China isn't America with a red flag, it's a fundamentally different system. Too many people think they know China because they understand America. If Biden wants instagram showing people pictures of ponies, it simply isn't going to happen. If Xi wants tiktok to show people ponies, the next day every kid in america will be looking at ponies. No. A CIA agent might have ulterior motives being on a board, but they are just another board member (I also doubt many board members are secretly CIA). Every company in China however answers directly to the part, and every board has a party member on it, who holds 100% of the voting power. There really isn't a comparison to be made.