One thing I think that is missing here is that there is a category of app developers which are implementing NEW technologies (Machine vision, AR etc...) which need tons of funding but doesn't necessarily lead to further projects in the way that a true small business does. If people took the poster's approach, then those will never get funded and that technology will either languish or come from bloatware companies. It is hard to get those up and running because it is so leading edge and is not repackaging a social/mobile/local/aggregation etc... service. The whole VC world is looking for the billion dollar exit, which is entirely unsustainable and given it's history doesn't produce the requisite amount of major tech breakthroughs. It still boggles my mind that revenue has not been prioritized with many (most?) of the hottest companies in the last decade. That must be unprecedented at such a scale. That said, I don't think any investor ever thought their investments would have no revenue. I assume they just figured it would come through advertising, inadvertently making every new product a marketing tool. Incidentally PepsiCo released an interesting PDF document which revealed their redesign "process." http://bunnitude.com/misc/files/pepsi_gravitational_field.pd... I think that's the real headline here. I was under the impression that you couldn't install onto a non jailbroken iPhone/iPad without going through apple ( either App Store/AdHoc/Enterprise). This gives me hope that I am significantly wrong on that which would make my life much easier. Can someone confirm that? Thanks, that makes better sense. Since the site is down (HN DDOS) as I write this - I wonder how this compares to what the Manpacks folks are doing. Perhaps just a shorter timeline. That intro video is fantastic. Thanks for introducing this to me. I was at a startup event just yesterday and talked to an aspiring VC about a plan he had to build an incubator of sorts for people to bring ideas to and he and his team would build the team, marketing, production, sales etc... around it and the "founder" would ostensibly run the company and direct the enterprise. So the "founder" only had to bring the idea - and the rest would be done. At the back end, the VC would get their share as all do and the company and founder would be on their way. I have mixed feelings about this approach. On the one hand I think it would be very valuable to have a place where people with legitimately good solid ideas, but no experience could go and have them turn into something real. On the other hand ideas are dime a dozen and really mean nothing without execution - and it's in getting to execution that the product is actually worth anything. Learning all of that "stuff" is the core of what being an entrepreneur is about. Short circuiting that is a recipe for disaster in the long term where you have tons of one hit wonders - that barely get out of beta, or V1 and don't know how to use what they have built to build other things. I think there is value in re-inventing the wheel in most cases because you'll notice, when you have to do that, it's the real smart folks who recognize how the wheel is broken along the way and seek to improve that while developing their original product. That's where the gold is. If the goal is to give everyone a job, we are definitely on the wrong track. We should strive for the world where you don't actually need a job, then all this jobs "gained/lost" talk would be moot. I know I'm not the only one who has read Player Piano. Do you have any reference material or documentation for developing the javascript way? As a fairly new dev I would be interested in seeing that process as most of my "distribute outside of app store on ios" queries to the web say without jailbreaking, its impossible. I can see it now: a Lidar and autonomous system integrated on my Tesla S. This has been known a bit longer than this article mentions. The Western States 100 orginated from the Tevis Cup horse race [1] when Gordy Ainsleigh attempted the race on foot in 1974. While not directly racing horses it was the first known ultradistance man v horse footrace 1: http://www.ontherunevents.com/news/0231/ws01.htm I think that is a poor comparison. I think a better one would be booting someone out of a jury in an auto accident case if they work in/own an insurance agency. The juror has something to gain with the legitimization and precedent that his jury will decide especially in such a high profile case. Diminishingly so for someone in an auto case. So they are slowly moving towards a smaller iPad. >No RC Li-Po batteries incorporate Smart Battery controllers What technical impediment is preventing someone from building said controller? > But organic options may live up to their billing of lowering exposure to pesticide residue and antibiotic-resistant bacteria That is the entire point of buying organic. I dont know anyone (sampling bias) that thinks organic has anything to do with nutrient content. That's what non-gmo is for* * in some cases So, this seems fairly intuitive to me - mostly because I have been trying to build one of these for predicting strategic actions by states ie: when is x country going to launch a missile. I am curious what they are using as their heuristics for developing solutions and how they are determining confidence intervals (my guess: number of samples). It is actually pretty easy to build a process that "fills in the blanks" the hard part, obviously is getting those blanks correctly. In my experience that takes a fairly deep set of expert opinions and coherent "causal" node programmatics which have assigned confidence intervals. Not to mention the fact that people are going to be scrutinizing this data and if it is wrong, they are going to lose faith in the system, and quickly. When you talk about implementing this on databases however, either the blanks which are being filled need to not be critical processes which require precision or they need to iterate corrections very quickly. In the end I think this is useful for non-critical products which users can correct if necessary. If however they have a novel solution with a significant history of "right" answers, they may be onto something in machine learning. It's always possible to create an index fund portfolio. Buying really isn't worth anything if you never plan to sell however...so. California and the entire southwest however, have garages; which serve the same purpose with respect to the entrepreneur assertion. So I wouldn't go debunking anything so quickly. Basically: "He made it all about 'me' and that's the thing, as an investor, I love the most." In all seriousness if you truly want to know how to do something great, go to someone who has done something similar successfully before and soak up their knowledge. At the end of the day though, if you want someone you don't know who has never heard of you to invest in you, you have to stroke their ego a bit. These principals apply equally within large organizations too. So once your startup is humming and a few years, even decades old, you now have an HR department and a law firm who works solely on your suits, remember these things. The difference however is that instead of a new and massive muscle movement, it will be refining and pruning the tree to make things more efficient, cost effective and empowering. Perhaps I am mistaken however no one is calling anything dead, they are simply switching strategies. In my opinion B2B wins hands down when the product could be used equally by businesses and consumers at a minimum. When I started VisiDraft a year and a half ago, my strategy was B2B because my clientele would be using the product for work. I could as easily have structured my plan to have a consumer facing application but based on what I encountered it was a no brainer. Microsoft, Apple, HP, IBM all of these name makers started as B2B companies. Why? Several reasons. You only have to sell to a few people, making your traction and revenues immediately positive. In addition, it allows a much more intimate feedback loop for iterations when you actually work hand in hand with another business designing solutions for them. you are basically getting another partner with domain expertise - you don't get that with B2C. It allows you to grow without losing a huge chunk of your business - in my experience most companies don't want anything to do with owning a chunk of a start up. I am quite confident that no one is saying that B2C is over, and in fact a good number of software developments don't fit into a B2B model. Where there is equal ability to face consumers or other businesses, I will always opt to the business. The last thing I will say is: Businesses around the world are sitting on +2T in cash right now. VC's aren't anywhere close to that and they rely on consumers to go buy things, which is looking pretty flat currently at least in the US. Go where the money is. There is a massive difference between domain specification based on comparative advantage and economically irrational behavior, so let's not give too much validity to these decisions even if we are speaking about subjective decisions. It could be claimed that the "effect" that they get from the purchase or the cachet that comes from owning this Veblen good outweighs the $50 in marginal cost. I would argue however that it remains irrational, but well within the range of irrational behaviors that humans exhibit more or less constantly. Wasn't app.net largely using similar sounding arguments to reasonable effect? This isn't anything new. >I want to be really clear: Instagram has no intention of selling your photos, and we never did. So they have come out directly and said they don't have a way to make money then? >Nor do the limits themselves have any effect whatsoever, since there is no oversight whatsoever What kind of specific oversight would you be satisfied with? There are after all FISA Courts explicitly for the oversight purpose: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Foreign_Intellige... It's clearly at the request of said capitalists, what with rent seeking behavior, quest for monopoly power and whatnot. At the D.C. TechMeetup groups you can always expect to have a public policy aspect to the tech offerings the problem is the majority of these fail. As someone who works in the government and is part of the start-up culture, I can tell you: these attempts are typically terrible at coming up with ways to blend tech and bureaucracy. I have no idea why. Well, not no idea. I think the main hurdles are as follows: 1. The people who make the best change in industries or start-ups are people who have been working in it a while. 2. Few people who have worked in government are the types to become high-growth entrepreneurs. They exist but in general the mindsets are reciprocals. 3. It takes a long time (in start-up time) to understand how a federal/state/local government does things. Anyone who wants to make a mark from the outside isn't going to identify a problem/solution efficiently. So anyone who has a real solution has likely been in government for 5-10 years and is established in a comfortable position - not likely to break out. Not only that they probably have schooling in something political science-y/history/etc.. versus math/CS/physics 4. As a general rule, it takes a long time (infinitely long in start-up time) to actually get a federal/state/local government to implement anything. Part of this is by design and the other part is incompetence or ignorance because they have... 5. Really really poor understanding of how to implement technology. For example $25,000 for a shitty 4 page web 1.0 government website because that is what was budgeted and Booz Allen took the contract because... 6. ...they promised to make the whole thing comply with the IT requirements (ie: IE7 is the most recent browser) and security requirements. So yea. It's kind of hard to solve tech problems for the government. Even moreso, having whole programs handed over from the government to a bunch of 18-30 year old's who haven't made all the right friends and gone to the right schools. Those were my exact initial thoughts. I am surprised this isn't the most highlighted aspect to be honest. Nothing new here. School isn't for learning. it's for learning how to "toil." http://www.overcomingbias.com/2010/08/school-isnt-about-lear... Exactly my thoughts, HubSpot is just over 300 people. That's tiny. I think these recommendations are too vague for truly large organizations like Google, Cisco, MSFT etc... C.R.E.A.M. my friend, it all comes back to the C.R.E.A.M. If you take out the ones who were billionaires by inheritance, and then look at those under 50, all but 5 are well connected beneficiaries of the fall of the Soviet Union. The other 5 made their money in IT (Dell, Bezos, Zuck, Brin, Page). >I'm sorry, but there's no way that any person's individual contributions to society are worth 3-4 orders of magnitude more than most other people's. Why not? Just because it was likely timing, doesn't make the impact less great. Your point seems to be that such a person isn't inherently that much better than someone else. Ok, but no one is inherently that great. 90% of "making it" in any of the senses is timing and placement, so it's really all relative. By being able to post on HN you are about the same magnitude "better off" in real wealth terms compared to a man in the Shomali plains than a billionaire is to you. Does that make your accomplishments better compared to that Afghani man's? I find this a sad commentary about your (and certainly others) relationship with your clients. This a month and a half after Boeing/Lockheed was derisive about Musk publicly: http://go.bloomberg.com/political-capital/2012-12-18/musk-vs... >Enterprise sales is undergoing the most radical shakeup since the turn of the century, and today’s experiments will be tomorrow’s best practices Ok, so what are some examples of this radical shaking? The author gives plenty of examples of the old guys "new ways" - back when they were new - but I am not seeing the new radical-ness described the article or the one linked. I wish this meme would die. It really just taints everything we are trying to do with Strong AI. England served jail time and was dishonorably discharged. The others in Abu Ghraib were also punished in accordance with General Court Martial proceedings, so I'm not seeing the "ZERO punishment" part of that. I am missing the part where I am morally impelled to subsidize poor decision making. This applies specifically to the flood plain example - though there are some corollaries to health care; eg. people eat bad food and smoke etc... which leads to increased costs. The post states that flood plain knowledge is high - and the data is easily available. So why should I help someone if they are knowingly taking a risk? The point of taking a risk after a risk-benefit assessment is that there is a payoff that would be greater with the risk than without it. If you shift the cost of the risk away from the principal agent, then there is no impetus to optimize your decision. So again, why should I absorb your risk if significant and verifiable information is available? So the healthcare system - as described here - is largely benefiting the living members of the dying by helping them cope and transition into death. That is what I took away from this article. Great example of why Google's driver-less cars will be so successful, overall safer and why we should engineer our systems to remove as much complexity as possible for the users. The author mentions it at the end but this schedule is really only good for the asocial. I submit that unless you truly have a aversion to social interaction, it will get lonely. I know this because I used to work night shifts and pretty much had this schedule. You end up losing the period of socialization which is typically 4-10PM, where people go to dance classes, have dinners with friends, go get drinks etc... and things feel lonely. Prerna is a good CEO and did some great things at Khush which helped her acquisition. Even still this intro is maddening: >The freedom to work outside a traditional office was one of the main reasons I left the corporate world eight years ago, at age 23, to start a software company. Maddening because she spent about a year in that "corporate world." Hardly a good sampling period. I don't disagree with her conclusions, however to cast that wide of a net seems a little cheap considering not all business structures and markets are conducive to the same flexibility "knowledge workers" have. Got it, Start up a bunch of day care centers (People seem to love to play with their kids on the weekend). > There are regional shortages, but in the vast majority of cases that's a corruption and infrastructure problem. This can also be said for most things which the globe has major problems with: Food, Education, Electricity etc... Don't forget, that 1C of potable water also took quite a bit of electricity and infrastructure to make clean (assuming we are discussing most modern western water systems based on water treatment and not pure well water). It is worthwhile, to examine how necessary aspects of our consumption are, in order to be more efficient and use fewer resources. >I think the first thing people should ask themselves is: Why are you trying to get into this scene without any skills? For the same reasons anyone with no skills gets into anything. Some people glamorize things they don't know, others have a passion but were slow starters, other still know there is gold there, but don't have the experience to understand how to get it. I think the best thing is to be able to weed out the ones who truly are passionate about technology and are willing to learn. I would take someone super enthusiastic with an aptitude for learning and no technical skills over most others any other day. I would also point out that the author implicitly suggests no technical skill = no skills, though it could simply be sloppy writing. The community definitely needs more blog entries telling non-technical people to learn how to code. I think this is good advice but I have to nitpick one thing: as a former music director for a popular indie rock station, I have to disagree that listening to new music all day is "The coolest full-time job in the world." Joking aside, we adhere to his/pg's do more work principle almost to a fault. I constantly try to make it such that my customers have to do as little as possible to get our products to work for them and so far that has proven valuable. Scott's visit to D-Wave shifted his opinion. He obviously can't come out and say he changed his mind as a professional skeptic but it comes about as close to saying as much. http://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?p=954 >especially the insinuation that he's dishonestly suppressing his newfound belief in D-Wave because he's a "professional skeptic". That wasn't my intent; moreso I intended to portray that he is emphasizing, and greatly warranted in this case, scientific skepticism paraphrasing his own terms. I don't think that is the opposite. This is great and really forward looking. I have been working on an AR project on the side for almost two years now and the things Abrash points out as problems are core issues that we are trying to fix (without using real world markers). Of the three core problems that he points out, tracking really stands out as the key differentiation for us. Adding to that, how the objects must remain fixed in space is really the factor that if solved would plunge us right into next generation AR. Improved latency is almost a nice to have at this point. I disagree with most of this because I don't think it is about money, but this part in particular underplays what in my mind is the largest reason entrepreneurs cannot stand large organizations: >Corporate politics and bureaucracy are just another obstacle that can be learned and overcome You can learn to navigate politics and bureaucracy, but you can't overcome them without becoming management - in which case your hands are generally bound to the same metrics that your previous bosses were as well. If it takes 4 levels of review just to see if my project can be begun or to build a team to begin even MVP development, I don't want to be near that. It's too slow, access to resources, if available, are so tightly scrutinized that if there is any failure you can kiss future chances goodbye, attaching new hardware or software is a nightmare because the systems need to all be compatible on this network etc.. etc.. all make the large corporately integrated system terrible for the fast paced error>revise>error>revise cycle that entrepreneurs want. This is why the Valve model of flat organization is so appealing to many and spoken about in terms like "future of the workplace." I think the difference is in the contract agreement. The right comes from the user agreeing in writing to forbid doing certain things with the item. Given the fact that no one is being coerced into buying it I think the boundaries can be drawn pretty wide on those agreements. I think the question is, is it reasonable to assume that if the user broke the contract, the seller could repossess the item. I would imagine it wouldn't be any different than if someone didn't pay their car payment to the auto dealer/bank. In either case the user and seller agree to actions which each will take over a set period of time. I turned my wife onto EOM and she adopted it right away which has saved some time I am sure. I am also going to be using VSRE in upcoming messages where applicable. My approach is not so much your interaction to control a machine, more so how machines interact with your brain and body to guide your decision making. So think about BCIs and more broadly human machine interfaces for things like persistent heuristic mapping for memory augmentation (think along the lines of "tagging" events to neural activity - this might help with focused tDCS during recall) and in-stream blood toxin monitoring. >Sometimes I wonder, though, if we invented institutional Work to justify mediocrity, and make it OK. It's often portrayed as an oppression brought in by deceptive, aggressive Boss Men; but I also think people willingly participate because it's a way to substitute mediocre/subordinate social acceptance for the much more intermittent reward/thrill of genuine work. Very interesting hypothesis. If true, it would answer a lot of questions about poor performance of large organizations and also explain to me why so many people I have worked with are comfortable with said mediocrity. Care to tell which slide you thought that was? >On your left is a woman you don’t know, but she’s a friend of a friend of your cousin Irving’s roommate’s niece. Her name is Tina, a physics professor at the local university, and she likes extreme skiing, origami and baking. Tomorrow she’ll be giving a presentation. You can view her slides and video now, if you’d like, and scan her bio. You don’t. You think it’s interesting that her favorite author is Jane Austen and thirty-seven people “liked” a post she penned on the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. She’s sipping what the computer deduces to be a green apple martini and your Google-powered submicro-computer advertises a selection of snacks to go with it, as well as a choice of vodkas and mixers, which you can order at the blink of an eye. Maybe later. That sounds amazing! I would probably filter it to give me specific results because I'm not as interested in some of those things than others. You are basically making the case that more information is bad. You also assume that humans will not augment themselves to become more rational with this data - which may or may not be true. My take is that the more that is laid bare, the easier it will be for all of us to finally become completely truthful and finally eliminate once and for all the different masks we wear allowing us to all be where we are most comfortable. So right now there is some person who is secretly leading a double life with a separate family and is also secretly into Pokemon and loves listening to Justin Beiber. No one knows about this because they hide their music in a hidden folder, go to sporting events and take a visit to Argentina once a month to visit the second family while ostensibly on "business." This person would be mocked, disgraced and the like for their thoughts and behaviors by different disparate groups. If instead this was all made open to everyone there would be a social demand that would likely end up synching that persons interests and desires with their actions. I am ok with ending social mores and hangups. >What exactly is the purpose of being here if all you are doing is somewhat stochastically deciding between a few sterile choices presented to you by a computer? As though you aren't stochastically deciding between a few sterile choices presented to you by your chain of previous deterministic actions >Mores, hangups, fantasy and wonder are what make up the Human True statement. Hence why a group of us are trying to transcend that humanity. As with all heuristic building there are benefits and drawbacks, but my main criterion for judgement is: Are these heuristics going to help you get better in the future? In general I find the answer is no, for the same reasons the author points out: Slower to adapt to a new environment. With faster rates of technology adoption older brains will be left in the dust as we start to capture their long term heuristics into models of social behavior that we can integrate into our decision models through our new technologies. Yet another high cost social signal that people woe over the loss of. Kramer had it right. Good riddance. Path tried that in the social network format but it doesn't seem to be catching on. I think I am in the minority when I say I am looking forward to continuous backup of my day to day activities whether it be through sousveillance or from others. I am not in the "if you don't have anything to hide crowd..." in the least and am certainly aware of the ability of those in power to abuse it. My take on it however is, I am going to just slough off the mores which I would have previously been concerned with privacy about. Catch me swearing when I shouldn't have? Oh well. Maybe I'll be less inclined to do it next time. What if I whisper a dirty idea to my wife? Well, what's wrong with a happily married couple doing what they like after all? After you have kids the idea of going to the bathroom in privacy slowly drifts out of the window - and why shouldn't it? It really doesn't make any ethical impact on me for someone to know if I am doing a biological process. My hope is, all of this will make us much more honest people. You can't embarrass/blackmail me if I cannot be embarrassed/ashamed. As I said in my post this is me being hopeful - I don't actually think it would work that way unfortunately. Ideally in your scenarios people would be able to release their own source data from their glass (or whatever) to provide context. The constant surveillance would be able to debunk all the stupid arguments against being gay, such as they lead deviant lives etc...; someone would be able to show a normal boring day coming home and having dinner with their partner and then falling asleep in the bathtub like everyone else. The idea is that in a society that is basically completely honest and open no one will hold a "moral high ground" so it would basically be impossible for information asymmetry and thus natural variation would ensure that there is no "norm." Again this is all hopeful, if doubtful. It's like observing an electron, once you take your measurement the outcome is forever changed. Some years ago (2008) research (1) demonstrated that traffic jams were chaotic dynamical systems and given a certain traffic density would be inevitable based on the variability of drivers. Here is a video demonstrating as such: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wm-pZp_mi0 I always found this fascinating. My hope is that the driverless car idea will take off in earnest and normalize the variability between drivers, making for a much more rational/logical commute. 1: http://iopscience.iop.org/1367-2630/10/3/033001/fulltext/ >IMHO any type of coercion or blackmail of any leader of any country is tantamout to an act of war against the citizens of that country. That is quite a bold statement and I think greatly reduces what nearly every government would consider an act of war to the lowest bar possible - namely embarrassment. An act of war is broadly something that would have a direct, immediate and lasting impact on a large segment of civilian, non-affiliated, non-combatant, non-hostile persons. Your ideas don't meet that threshold and persons within their own governments would likely be held to those same "war" declarations. It certainly can be argued, but I don't think it does by definition. My problem is that your distinction is false between foreign power and native power. If the same coercive actions (soft blackmail like with Rep. Wiener or Chappaquiddick etc...) are taken by other politicians or croneys seeking power in the same nation, people don't raise nearly the fuss - that's just "politics." See: Every negative election everywhere. I make no distinction - the end goal is that one group has more "power" or access over the others. Literally impossible to get rid of this quirk of politics with our biology. Making those things "Acts of war" is just untenable. Excellent reasoning, didn't think about the person protecting their data as the one escalating the situation. >We are not in a war, no matter what some say I guess it depends on your perspective. Maybe you aren't, but hundreds of my good friends are, at the behest of the president that, assuming you are a US Citizen, you had a part in electing (also, assuming you are a part of society). So the people who actually fund and execute wars think "we" are at war. I would say that should pretty much settle it. I wonder if it would have been much worse than it is now. See: Michelle Alexander's The New Jim Crow As a semi-unrelated note, as someone who has to watch a lot of near east homemade "terrorist" videos, this video gives a great western corollary to the incessant "Allahu Akbar" that is chanted throughout those videos. The "Oh my god" is almost literally a translation and is used in similar manner and contexts, though not all. This looks like an AMAZING trip. I am jealous as hell...if nothing else for the Rogue Whiskey. Fascinating anecdote! Like the author, I have the same, scattered detailed images of places/things/people from all over - but it is not sequential and it is not a searchable database. I would definitely echo the: "Now here's a random very specific memory to take up all your working memory and distract you from your actual task" type of daily interruption such a memory has. I would trade this "skill" any day for the ability to remember people's names the first time. At least for me I would say yes. I know I can think of my grandmother's house and immediately smell it. Maybe. I just know that I can do it and also have some overlap with the eidetic memory crowd. Whether those are disjoint groups or not I don't know. Does anyone find it ironic that the same folks who are anti-libertarian (not necessarily the HN crowd) and anti-tea party are strident supporters of a tea-party favorite congressman's amendment. The idea that such a group would rally around someone who they would not have voted for, seems strange. I am not sure if I should be proud that a citizenry can see past politics and rally based on substance, or if they are totally out of touch with how politics works. I wonder if there is room in the market to disrupt polling then. I have never been part of a poll but have heard similar bad things about their structure, so I wonder if anyone is out there trying to make it more accurate. I cannot stand having to watch a video in order to see what something is all about - especially if I am on mobile. I think having this quote from the "What we do" page on the main page, above or below the video, would be massively beneficial if nothing else: "Points of Light is partnering with Village Capital to launch the first startup accelerator program focused on “civic ventures” – enterprises that inspire, equip and mobilize people to create positive change." Simple. A sad fact of life is that sales and marketing are what distinguish successful products from flops. Regardless of the quality of your product, if users don't know your product exists, understand how it can solve their problem and have a efficient mechanism to adopt it, your product will die. Completely aside from the main point, but I am curious as to why the New Yorker chose to use umlauts for all of the instances of the word: "coöperate." It's a latin word so I wouldn't expect to see that. I wonder if it is a rendering trick or something intentional for tracking. Ah thanks! Never knew about that. >My issue is with the idea that society is some brittle construct that's reliant on (dis)honesty, and especially the idea that you would be angry at the person who leaked a secret rather than the person holding the secret. Well, I am sorry to say that in fact society is that brittle and you are being lied to in one fashion or another most of the time. I do want to clarify what I mean by lying though because it would be easy to interpret what I am saying as conspiratorial. In fact what I mean is that your information diet is nearly completely full with selective information, weasel words, legalese and implied trust. The constructs between nations and even within our nation are the same and often worse than interpersonal relations. So the reason that you trust any entity is not because they are moral pillars, its because they don't show you the questionable things that people do on a day to day basis that make little difference. This is exactly the argument against the widespread intelligence gathering - everyone is doing something illegal at pretty much any time. Similarly everyone, whether they know it or not lies to others on a daily basis ( http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/homo-consumericus/201111... ) So yes, it really is that fragile and it is insanely magnified at the global politics level way beyond you would even imagine. >The US government feels alright with the fact that they have publicly declared anyone living outside the US a possible enemy. I disagree with this. The people who are tasked to prevent foreign powers from attacking, destabilizing or hindering U.S. intentions have a stated mission to prevent them from doing so and as such have that as a minimum starting point. If you look at the other arms of the USG, namely the State department their charter is exactly the opposite, building partnerships, making friends etc... So yes, the DoD and CIA view the rest of the world as hostile to the US by default. That's what they are there to defend against so it would make sense. That said, there are tons of building partnerships, humanitarian relief and international relations missions stemming from the DoD to foreign allies and partners. Its actually growing quite a bit - and likewise makes defending the nation against materiel proliferation, attacks, espionage etc... harder. I think this is a fantastic interpretation and hits some of the nails on the head. >The yardstick by which you've chosen to determine if a job is "worthwhile" is whether anyone would notice if those workers disappeared. This is how I judge mine and others' work on a normal basis. As a result, I have always been jealous of those who are ultra-specified because they are the literal choke points of production or whatever effort is happening. Thinking about it more though, it would seem to me to make sense that people should be fluid between capabilities. Much like you are instructed to diversify your investment portfolio, perhaps you should be diversifying your skill sets. The trouble there is that you end up a jack of all trades and master of none. This leaves folks like me in a gulch - and generally always dependent on a subject matter expert to get things done in nearly any domain. On the flip side I can move between domains fairly fluidly at a reasonable if not sufficient level of competence to get the job done - making my core skill the skill of persuasion (to hire people onto my teams etc...). I don't know if there is an answer to this problem here but I think it might be worth thinking about more. Cheers! I would love to see that happen, but I don't think we can handle it from a biological perspective. We are too emotional, vain and have too muddled an understanding of our own goals and volition to be able to be honest even with ourselves let alone the rest of the world. It just doesn't seem feasible without some kind of widespread cognitive change. To wit, from the front page of HN right now: "Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe" http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-23779561 Indeed you are correct that the truth will come out and I am the first person to support full transparency. I do know however that in this example, if the Japanese said they don't know what they are doing, please help - the people in charge would lose their jobs immediately. So it's not just a one way street with people being honest, it is also the public and everyone who has a voice understanding that there is a difference between incompetence, hostile intent and accidents. People at the basic level demand perfection from people in power - so those in power do everything that they can to make it look like they are either infallible, or are victims. In one way or another how we as a society respond to failure that will determine how truthful we can be. If we continue to have the zero fault mindset for those in power, they will continue to lie. I think those are all totally reasonable and justifiable feelings. I agree in general that our military/intelligence arm has been carrying the US brand the loudest since 9/11. I think that was by design. I won't argue whether that is good or bad, because I could make the case either way. My intent was to say that yes the self protective parts of the government are going to be inherently anti-foreign, by design. I think what your comment adds is basically replying to that with: "Ok, well if you guys make that part of your government the loudest and strongest part to the rest of the world, we probably will stop liking you guys, and will stop wanting to play with you." I think that is a very valid criticism. It is one for the legislators and the public to take on however, not the arms of the government that are intended to protect it. >And if you’re wrong about a bunch of things, you’re obviously not as smart or as good or as worthwhile a person as you previously believed. These are all true statements. Most people are not as smart or good or worthwhile as they believe, myself included. That makes true rational implementation of policy extremely unlikely . Kind of like Capitol Bells? http://capitolbells.com/#about-the-app I recall the creator talking about this at length on reddit or somesuch in recent months. Also Direct Democracy is a nightmare. See: California. Arnold Schwarzenegger outlines why his attempt at making most of his major issues ballot initiatives in his first term was a disaster in his book Total Recall. He markets himself very aggressively, which I think is pretty good. Last year he did the run across America with Regis and whoever he is with now. He has written a few books and is always at ultraraces...he was the starter for the most recent Ultramarahon that I did. This is why the idea of a basic income has taken off within the futurology crowd (including myself). We have to do something about these folks and fairly quickly because it will be upon us soon I think. I think this was excellent observation - one that I did not make the first time around. I am unsure if I find it compelling that there is some utility in having a person there for the human contact piece. If you were able to remove the person and retain the usability within a non-human interface (to an equally useful or better replacement) would people say "I wish there were a person here?" I would like to say no for most cases, I think there are a few people who would prefer that almost in spite of the efficiency gain. This strikes me as odd. As a parent (dad) of two, I wouldn't ever dream of feeling odd about holding either of my kids' hands - or even for that matter chasing them down when they run away screaming (which happens often). Just a counter data point here. As usual, Randall Munroe was basically correct in identifying the best way to get into closed systems: http://xkcd.com/538/ Find the weak points in a system, which are more often than not, the pink fleshy things using them. I think pg is pretty remarkable in the fact that his blog is nearly this - save the side bar and the odd link here and there. I certainly prefer that to the geocities/myspace level of razzamatazz. Very morbid - a lot of endings and very few beginnings. I think that makes a case for the inauspicious HN post not giving a great indicator of start-up success. For example if it were the other way around I would expect to see many many more show HN posts on this list. I have fought the encroaching light battle for almost 25 years. It's not as easy as the author makes it sound while still having a normal human looking room. Here is the pack-rat/shut in version: If you have any windows in your room the only real solution is some combination of a lightproof sheeting (light proof fabric, aluminum foil etc...) and light proof adhesive (black gaffers tape is the best or aluminum foil tape). Since there are very few window frames that give good clearance around them for affixing things, and don't have wild trim or corners the latter material really makes or breaks your situation. Congratulations, now you have to work on your door. Door sweeps usually do a good enough job but those pesky door cracks can be a nightmare. The easiest solution to this is a blackout drape hung over your door as though it was another door. Reasonable people can disagree about whether to put this inside the room or outside the room - as long as you have a good "seal" on the sides and top it should be fine. This causes problems for egress if needed however. The last and simplest thing is to just move all devices that cause light completely out of the room or disable their persistent light sources completely. The good citizen version: Using your standard draping you will need to sew blackout fabric to the back of your draping with basically no gaps. Stitch Witchery does not work. Hot glue peels away. Sewing is the only reliable option. You will then need to choose your affixing method. I personally like using neodymium magnets, but in the quantity that you need them, they get pricey. They are also more complicated to line up. The easier version, which is still pricey is to use industrial strength velcro. You will have to measure and line up near perfectly where you affix the velcro on the drape to where your hooks/loops on the window/wall go. This is way more complicated that it sounds in practice - again because windows rarely are simple flat squares with no trim. Affixing to the wall/window is always a tradeoff. Anything that "sticks" will peel off eventually and take any paint with it. If you nail/staple it on, now you have holes in your wall. So pick your poison. Even after all this work, you will still likely have some leakage. That is where the extra fabric comes in handy to drape over the velcro sides. In general it will cover you night or day, but this one is really hard to get perfectly. Treat the door the same - generally you can have the drape roll up during the day without issue. This option lets you open the windows and drapes with minimal amount of tell to your mole-like behavior. It ends up being cumulatively a lot more work however. I have tried to think up simple consumer solutions (I see lots of aluminum foil in windows -- watch you'll see it too now)to this, but windows are so damn variable that it is near impossible and the only major consumer solutions right now are not worth the price. Great point and I should have added that because it is my solution now as well. FWIW if you have the opportunity to snag a sleep mask from an Emirates international business or first class, do so; it is by far the finest I have used and mine has lasted 6 years now. That is a personal preference in my opinion and largely rests on how much you think your sleep would be impacted by those sources. For me it is not the point to match a "natural" (whatever that is) sleeping environment. Rather, it is to reduce the number of things that will disturb me while I am trying to sleep. I don't prefer to wake up when the sun comes up mostly because I don't prefer to sleep when it goes down. So it is a guarantee that I will want to be asleep when there is a significant light source outside my house. Eliminating that will optimize my sleep. End of story. Would you make the similar protest if they complained about their tax dollars going to wars and spying? This is a great example two fallacies in one post. The first is a fine ad hominem example: "This is just stupid" -> Links to the author -> He is not qualified. Does not refute his claims The second is the Hasty Generalization fallacy: Referencing a single instance as indicative of all areas >He caused a bank run, which is all about balancing predictions with risks. It's all about evaluating economic impacts. He is entirely unqualified to make the statement above from that single data point alone. Oh I won't refute that, perhaps he is unqualified. That doesn't however refute his argument. It only states that you'll have to look at the argument that much more carefully because he is not likely to be a great source. What is common with folks justifying the ad hominem is that it is really just a short hand for the argument from authority fallacy. It is implicitly advancing the idea that the merits of the argument rest on the person giving them as though if it were someone else it would be more correct, which of course is wrong. I think it is reasonable to assume that most people look at the person making an argument and if they are confident in the person, they will take the argument as a truthful assessment. To me though this is lazy and essentially delegates reason, so IMO it is always worth identifying. The thought is generally good but it overshoots the solution I think in one key respect: consumer priorities. I think for this post you are conflating consumer spending with luxury spending. If indeed there were a single minded "consumerism" that strictly identified more or less meaningless items (luxury goods) as the key consumption then I would agree. The fact is however, "consumer driven economy" simply is distinguishing an economy that predominantly privately spends more than it publicly spends, saves or invests. To that point, I agree that we should be automating more things to free up all of our time. I hope someday to automate food production so that it can actually come full cycle, so there is definitely something there. That is certainly not the only required good, but I would argue it is the #2 behind water consumption. I also wouldn't disagree that most folks are working for more luxuries. Remember I agreed that we should be working for fewer luxuries. The issue with food is that when you factor in everything, to include environmental impact, good sustainable food is actually very expensive. I am also including the logistics that go into food delivery and the significant amount of waste and impact it causes [1]. [1]: http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/plugged-in/2013/09/12/un... > A little guy with a legitimate patent may have difficulty convincing large corporations to pay a license fee. I think the key distinction is that "legitimate patent" would seem to have a different definition for the USPTO than it does for the technology industry. For example USPTO considers sending a scan to an e-mail a legitimate patent, while I would venture to guess the tech world does not: http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/04/meet-the-nice-guy... So yes, some of these are so broad and obviously just there to make a buck - like the swipe option. The idea of a patent was to ensure that the creator who had spent considerable time, energy and money creating the invention was ensured that for some period he could benefit from that. Being the first person to patent something which is simple and often thought up does not in my opinion meet that threshold. Currently there are about 1 million people who do this on about as regular a basis and they are the members of the US Military. So it's not as rare as it would seem. It is a little different, but in reality not so different as to not be applicable. For most of us, it is exactly what we want to do - we like to see new places and get new experiences and it often is great. The toll is also pretty tough for our families and there are plenty of stories and studies about those impacts. For those who like it and it works, great, but often even if kids say they like it, there are things that they don't talk about that impacts them regardless. >During the semester, they spent an average of 123 minutes a day on a computer, by far the biggest portion of it, 31 minutes, on social networking. The only thing they spent less time on than e-mail: hunting for content via search engines (four minutes). This one really bugged me out. I would have expected that they would have been using their knowledge tools to access knowledge - which is probably at least 50% of what I do with my smartphone and 70% of what I do on my laptop. Hopefully they are seeking knowledge through other means and aren't just ignoring one of the best advances of all of mankind. I think it is hilarious how Jobs basically reinvented the wheel when it came to operations security, when there have been major organizations doing secret things for decades that he could have pulled the lessons from. Not for nothing Gary Brooks Faulkner supposedly "attempted" to assassinate Bin Ladin. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405274870400980457530... As a father and graduate student let me tell you that we use libraries A LOT. There is no way I would buy the amount of kids books (or e-books) that we go through in a month in lieu of a library. As for the grad student part, I use the library largely as a research tool, which means utilizing materials that were pre-e-reader as well as the research staff. Safe to say that there is much much more to libraries than checking out the latest books. I am firmly in the Schiller camp, however I did just buy a home. It was a tough decision for me but I think it was rational. I say that because I am fully aware of the statistics of home ownership as well as its historically poor performance. The prime reason that we purchased a home is because we could not renovate and open our basement for business in a rental property. Overall our net costs of home ownership now are eclipsed by the amount we are making from being able to do the things only home owners can. The other major reason is that for us, even when factoring in estimated maintenance costs, we would pay less monthly on a mortgage than we would renting. Even if we lose some home value over the period that we are planning on living here (~6 years) we would see the return of some of it rather than none in a rental scenario. The bottom line is, this whole argument is much much more complex than what the retail value of your home is between the time you buy and the time you sell. As with pretty much everything, the economic costs are not captured in the pricing data. Thus Narcissus fell into the lake Honestly, I would have done exactly the same thing as him if I were in the same position. I think however we as founders can easily get focused on tracking metrics that in the end amount to fairly trivial things. They help us make changes around the margins, which can payoff big or just be small gains. I think what he did was a good exercise, however the whole post, analyze, post thing though is a tad navel gazing for my tastes. Nelson Mandela had a great quote on this topic in the context of his relationship or lack thereof with his children. I don't remember it verbatim but it was basically: You (my children) all taken care of you have what you need to live, I am working to make sure that the same is true for all the other South African children. That really hit home for me because instead of looking at spending more time with my family, I looked at using my time wisely toward massive structural goals which would have positive outcomes on the world population. >19-year-old women and 45-year-old men are adults free to decide to do what they want. If they choose to do something you disagree with, others disagree with what you do. The president was actively betraying the trust of his wife and family, so in fact it wasn't as libertarian as you make it seem. Beyond that, the memoir clearly shows massively inappropriate behavior for a sitting president or anyone with such a power disparity, to include significant instances of coercion and actions which denigrate the position and shame the relationship he had with his wife. Shame on you for equivocating. The reason I state that is because the OP glosses over the positions and power dynamics at play, turning the prime actors into just two regular old people. Context matters and purposefully taking it out to make a point about moral relativism is disingenuous in my opinion. I feel I made a cogent, reasoned point and topped it off with a forceful reproach. Some people are more swayed by the former and others the latter. Baby steps my friend. >If it isn't in defense of incidents of domestic terror, what the fuck is it for? Terrorism is a small subset of what the intelligence community supports. The majority of intelligence collection is used for strategic military planning and political decision making. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Intelligence_Comm... I found a passage in this article apropos to the discussion last week about "greatness versus family" ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6601421 ): >But for the past eight years I had backed away from business and my firm, AlixPartners, to care for my daughters after the death of my wife. I was essentially “retired.” But GM’s enveloping crisis and my friendship with Wagoner would bring me out. I mentioned then, what I reinforce now: you will not be remembered widely (positively) for how good of a parent/husband you are. What Forbes published was not this man's struggle with grief and selfless devotion to his daughters. Alix did not write about how great of a father he was or how big of an impact he made on his children and family. The most important thing that Mr. Alix did was literally re-prioritize his time away from his grieving family toward the re-structuring of a massive organization. If and when the time comes to choose between time with your family and time creating your impact on the wider world, forgoing the latter in order to do the former will ensure that your legacy dies only a few years after you do. Great exposition. I don't know if there is a growing number of "us" but I do know that the ideas of basic income, automated industry etc...are seeming to become more pervasive. Especially as we are actually seeing the automation of driving (see: Rio Tinto/Google) and other goods I hope the ideas will start permeating beyond technologists and singulitarians. As someone who has worked in the security field the desire to want to help people is still overwhelming. I love PenTests and have had successful ones run on me even when I was vigilant and in the testers faces. The key reason why I think most confidence penetrations work is because in most cases the "system" doesn't work smoothly enough to not have usability issues. So when you know of credible people who are vetted but are still not "in the system" that becomes an instance of the "system" not working. Then, inevitably in the few boundary cases where it doesn't work, you get to the point that you know how it will break and will wave over anyone in that specific sitution. If someone knows of these specific "breaks" then by definition they will exploit those knowing that it is a common issue. If however you stick to the "I don't care what you say, you aren't in the system" then you are now "the inflexible security nazi." Security really is an ethos and it takes only a few pinpricks to make it crumble. >The government funded the early technologies that led to the Internet, venture capitalists are financed by nontechies' retirement funds, and laws passed in Washington can determine the tech industry's legal future. Right, and the Spanish and British founded modern America, what is your point? There is quite a bit of precedent for taking the ball from the previous players and starting your own game to their exclusion. It is staggering to me some of the salaries that founders give themselves. I remember reading a tip for pitchdecks/term sheets that if you put your founder salary as anything above 150k that is slightly too high for most offers. That is insane to me. I make less than 80k a year, in D.C., with a mortgage and two kids while I build on the side. A cursory glance tells me most founders aren't under such strict cost regimes. If and when I get funding and go full time I would take the absolute minimum to keep us fed and watered (~60k). How a founder could do otherwise to me is unconscionable. Apparently it would have in this case. That would have been two months of AWS for each founder, so saying it doesn't make a difference is clearly wrong. I didn't say pay yourself nothing - pay yourself the minimum amount you have to in order to keep your life from impeding your work. If that means you need luxuries to be comfortable, then your lunch will get eaten by someone who is more spartan. Great point. My father identifies as "white" despite being clearly non-white, however because of an adoptive ancestry does not have a clear picture, thus he took the race of his adoptive parents. I also select "white" on the form because I was brought up thinking that was correct. Only recently have I been selecting "Other" where available. So far for me government and medical forms have been the majority of the forms where it is asked. Funny enough, when I was in Munich, I was denied entry to a bar because I would "cause trouble." My German friend informed me it was basically because I looked Turkish. So in that case, while not on paper, my race was questioned. I think these are all fantastic things to implement but do you know how much pushback you get from engineers on this: Me: "Do you have a standup every morning, so that you know about schedule delays after at most one day?" In general folks HATE these, but I would love to hear other cases where people have found them successful. We are small enough that the conversation is ongoing so haven't needed to implement it. What I have done in other cases is the "walk-around" to speak to people individually rather than in a massive group meeting - and that seems to have been well received. The US Government uses a program called Combined Federal Campaign for this. CFC is an organization that funnels money to charities and acts as a one-stop shop for the contributors taking the choice largely out of their hands if they want to. CFC takes a cut of the money as part of the service. Apparently they do pretty well because they are still in business and "CFC contributions" are a core metric for many federal workforces (which is terribly misplaced in my opinion). So there is precedent for this type of service. Why don't I use it? Because it takes a cut out of my contribution and doesn't give me any indication that my money is being used towards good purposes. They have percentages of administrative overhead for each charity listed, but we all know that those are gamed. In Sum, you aren't solving the problem of making contributors feel as though they are a critical factor in making a change unless they see EXACTLY where their money is going - just like any business person. So charitable giving is always going to be low for people who want a high level of control and don't have enough money to just blindly throw at a cause and/or do it for the tax benefit. >Snapchat and Pinterest are worth around $4 billion dollars each. Evernote and Airbnb are each worth over $2 billion. Path is worth $550 million. By comparison, Peabody Energy, the largest coal company in the world which owns almost 10 billion tons of coal, is worth about $5 billion. I see fewer and fewer comparisons like these between tech companies and brick and mortar/commodity companies and I think it is a shame. To me such comparisons do more to highlight how broken the financial markets are, though I am not exactly sure why. It seems like investment priorities or consumer demands are out of whack when electrical utility companies (PEPCO) are valued less than social media platforms (FB). I'm not debating why things are valued the way they are, I am stating that I think such valuations indicate a critical flaw in the behavior of market participants. In aggregate however I think it is relevant. What it indicates is that there are more total capital interests in a website than in a basic necessity. My question then is: How difficult would it be to dissolve the core components of Airbnb vs IHG? I think the answer is trivial, and as a result they should not be considered equivalent. Can you perfectly substitute the holdings of IHG with the software of Airbnb over the long term? Could Airbnb create a market equilibrium point for non-resident housing in absence of brick and mortar hotels? I think the difference is that in your case tangible commodity assets are being compared to tangible commodity assets. Those machines can be re-sold, melted for scrap, re-purposed etc... Software has a much harder time in the secondary market. Funny you should mention that. I have a good friend (M.D./MBA) who designed and built a novel radiation therapy device to measure effectiveness. Patented, published peer reviewed and everything. He is in San Fran and has had basically no luck in finding funding to bring it to market or engineers to work on it with him. So it's definitely happening. That seems to be a trend with google now. I know that whenever I see something big and secretive happening around google I keep thinking "Is this when they are going to reveal their AGI?!" and it just turns out to be a party barge or google hangouts. I think you overlook the still overwhelming amount of impact your early upbringing causes on later life. Being born poor and living in poverty has the biggest impact on long term health due to both restrictions in linguistic development and brain health from a poor diet. There was a study recently that reinforced that poverty was the #1 determinant of long term educational attainment. It's too far a bridge to say that we are increasingly economically meritocratic, if anything some of the "meritocratic" tools we have are only benefiting those that can afford being outside of the mainstream. I think this should be re-stated that a group of respected researchers have revived Artificial Intelligence's original ambitions. In fact, there have been a handful of folks thinking and working on Strong AI/Artificial General Intelligence steadily for years. Ben Goertzel even started the conference [1] and journal [2] in 2008. One of the biggest things I see in every one of these conversations and threads is everyone assuming humans are actually good at things, as opposed to just marginally better than most other machines or humans. So people's standards for machine intelligence are way above what they would expect from human standards. Google translate is a perfect example. People were complaining about it here on HN the other day because it wasn't perfect, however in comparison to any group of average professional linguists (Some of whom I work with daily) Google Translate and some of the other machine translation services' accuracy for it's speed is light years ahead. People also forget that "Strong AI" and "AI complete" is always a moving target for benchmarking - and there is no benchmarking standard (No, a turing test isn't a robust enough test for an AGI). I posit that humans will never truly accept an AI as smarter than us until it dominates us. It will always be - well yes it can X, but is it really thinking? Does it have consciousness? Great questions philosophically, but practically it really doesn't matter. This is good though, I think if there is anything the human race should be working on it's this. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING pales in comparison in my opinion. [1] http://www.agi-conference.org/2013/ [2] http://www.degruyter.com/view/j/jagi I can't help but think that, given the sample chosen, the results are significantly skewed towards the WEIRD [1] population. Not to say there aren't generalizable conclusions, however I would guess it is less informative for those living in poverty or in historically oppressed communities. [1] http://lesswrong.com/lw/17x/beware_of_weird_psychological_sa... In general I agree with you that this is unrepresentative for a nation as a whole - see my other comment for that. However one advantage of a sample like this is that significant independent variables like the ones you mentioned are widely held constant, which means that the evaluated variables will have a stronger power. So it is informative relative to others. It would be best to take this study into context with other studies which compare educational achievement and poverty level. Careful though, it is important to distinguish between storytelling about actual figures versus fictional or fantasy figures: Overall, children were more likely to solve the problem when it was told about a real child than when it was told about a fantasy character [1]. [1] http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/ulterior-motives/201311/... Well, with a flawed or skewed methodology, the conclusion isn't nearly as relevant. >Some VCs said, “We like you, but we need to do some more due diligence on the space.” Then they asked us for a bunch of hard-to-get stuff – market research, traction metrics, and better proof of growth. But even when we got them this information they still didn’t say yes. That one is the classic "weak leader" no. I had this happen to me while I was still in college. Where I went everyone had specific rules for each class, where the seniors had the most leniency, but were still not given real freedoms. As part of a negotiations class, myself and three others had to create a topic and then negotiate a deal with someone. I chose to negotiate more freedoms for the seniors with one of our top officials. We did a ton of background research on why and how and implications etc... We gave our pitch, answered lots of "tough" questions and afterwards asked "So are you willing to make the change?" The response was a fantastic display of political wriggling but ended up with basically this response: "I think this is great you guys, but here is what I need you to do so we can make this happen. I need a legal review from 4 different legal disciplines, then I need to see a study of expected outcome effectiveness for your proposal, then you will need to do a poll of the student body to see if they would accept it. Only then, will we be able to make a truly INFORMED decision." I saw the NO from a mile off that day, so I said thank you, got my A in the class (Despite not getting to any BATNA) and went on with my life having seen what a disguised NO really looks like. I am confident even if I had done all that work the answer would have still been no, I just would have put hundreds of hours into getting a firmer no. Yep, in this case there was no negotiated agreement and no alternative so it was just a hail mary "negotiation." In contrast, other groups negotiated things like the cleaning of a microwave between roommates, so we were given a little slack for formal technique because of who we were pitching to. Docomo is also widely used in Oceania and other pacific island nations This is great and needs to be said more often. I feel as though I am the opposite. I absolutely love math, but I am terrible at it. I have taken tons of math, both formally in undergrad (up through diff eq) and on the side on my own. I struggled like hell through Calc 2 because I just couldn't visualize the transformations. I still feel like I want to take two years off and just start over from scratch. Ooh, this one is really good. Also heartbreaking as someone who invested a TON of time into making personal investment calls. I definitely learned this one the hard way. One thing that I would add also is that investors don't seem to want to be introduced to you by their non-investor/non-business contacts, so their friends and acquaintances. I learned this one also because I figured that would be a good approach. What seems to happen in this case is the "stink" on you gets transferred to the intermediary and the investor picks up on it. That's kind of an extreme leap. I read this back in 2005 and it impacted my thinking a lot. After delving deeply into anarcho-capitalism and the whole "Mises" thing however it's very much a long shot political philosophy that doesn't seem to understand how humans work - typical then of Economists (Full disclosure my BS was in Economics). I would instead recommend Bryan Caplan's "The myth of the rational voter." I think the business of being an entrepreneur selects for such traits. The whole notion of "disruption" that is central to so many of the ideas floating on HN, is rooted in the arrogance necessary to make them work. This is amazing. I can see this changing the face of distant interaction by leaps and bounds. We never cease to amaze. I read the whole thing and then read this part: >3. This Is About Power, Not Security. The CBP goons want U.S. citizens to answer their questions as a ritualistic bow to their power. Well, CBP has no power over me. I am a law-abiding citizen, and, as such, I am the master, and the federal cops are my servants. They would do well to remember that. Why would they do well to remember that? Do you have some kind of power that you can press on them? The last I looked CBP/ICE/DHS can legally make your life hell while you are in their control, so I am wondering if there is anything realistically you can do. >As a consumer, I say screw the internet of things. I think this is attitude is throwing the baby out with the bathwater and just assuming the worst. The usefulness of knowing when something in my refrigerator is outgassing something harmful, remotely accessing how much flour I have left so when I am at the store I don't overbuy, or dialing in my energy usage are all very smart and efficient uses of the technology that make my life better and more cost effective. As with everything the key to adoption is getting the user interface correct. The companies who are working on these things just haven't gotten that part right. I think it will take an industry approach to make these things work; a naiive example would be a milk carton that by default talks to the refrigerator about spoilage and quantity levels. I still use Winamp as my main musicplayer - it's customizable, import/exports to iPod easily, doesn't spam me with updates, doesn't force me to buy things through it, reads basically every format and above all it is really light. It's a shame - seems like it died because it doesn't have a content purchasing mechanism forced on the user. >Overall, King.com spends over $350k (Source: King.com) a day on mobile ads and it can be assumed that the other 4 developers have ad budgets within this range. I have said this other places, but I will repeat it here. Kudos to them for finding (or creating) a successful niche with high demand. I find it sad though that sooo much money is going to marketing games that don't push technology further, or really fundamentally help things get better. You could argue that if you add up all the marginal increases in utility/happiness that are gained from playing any of the saga games that it might be a net gain, but I think that is a stretch. I find it tragic that this is how the market allocates resources (time and capital). Unfortunately "worth" in any functional sense is defined by the demand for it, so in that sense these are immensely valuable. That is my lament, that something with so little functional utility (outside of a dopamine reward loop) has captured so much voluntary worth. Here is one I responded to just over a week ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6729736 So they exist. Not sure how widespread it is, but I would also imagine that it's a larger group than would be apparent simply because most folks don't want to out themselves as "anti-democratic" the most ultimate of sins. I can't speak for any neo-monarchists but the thing I see the most is the theory of eliminating the wage slave all together through automation and a basic income. I don't think those goals are by virtue in conflict with democracy but I can see how they could be. Whether you agree with it's plausibility or not, I think that in and of itself is a worthy goal. MIRI has quite the history of shape shifting and hiring inexperienced CEOs - the list of which you can't find unless you know the history, so here it is: Michael Vassar, Michael Anissimov, Luke Muehlhauser. None of them have anything close to management experience. Peter Thiel is behind a good proportion of anything these individuals want to do which is interesting in and of itself to me. >With a democracy, you can't optimize the society to the same degree of perfection as you can with philosopher kings, but you also get to avoid the worst crashes. A great point; I like to think of Democracy as median filtering, it smooths extremes. Well since the poster advocated reading "Democracy the God that failed" which specifically posits that monarchy is a better system (Based on it's incentive structure), I would say that is about as close as you can get. Only when I disagreed with the extremity did the poster make up his new term. I think you are right though that it would be incorrect to label anyone as anything unless they explicitly stated as such. Agreed to some extent. I think certain types of governments would not allow that level of disengagement. >I’m a business man and a family man. I love collecting chairs and getting drunk on the weekends. I want to introduce all of these aspects to my network...Combining your identities, creates a synergy and depth to your online persona. Isn't this what Google+ has been trying to do from the start? These stories should be required reading. To that end the community would benefit massively from you documenting it. Just as there are Journals of Negative results [1][2] so too should there be a journal of failed startups. Your detailing of what caused the failures could save thousands of man hours and potentially someone falling into the same traps. Goal #1 for you right now is to get your family in order and steel the troops for tough times ahead as you get back on your feet. In short order though you should start simply documenting the process that led to your company failing. Not only will you learn from it but it will help others. If you are in the DC area don't hesitate to reach out to myself and my family. We have kiddos the same ages as yours so they would have a ball. [1] http://www.jnrbm.com/ [2] http://www.jnr-eeb.org/index.php/jnr I can't speak for your situation so don't take this as a goad, only my thoughts on the idea of doing a triage/after action/autopsy. I know that feeling. I have failed before and hard. I did however resolve to ensure that it wasn't for nothing by, as your co-founder suggested, dissecting it. What I found was that instead of it just being a downer, I realized how many good things were done and how many exciting developments, both personally and professionally came out of what was at the end of the day a failure. In the end the margin of failure can be tiny - but I would guarantee that you will also be able to find some massive successes in there as well. Adding to that the benefit that others would take away and I think it would be of great benefit. >This scientific field is called universal artificial intelligence How many times do we need to re-define the same concept? Artificial Intelligence, Human Level Artificial Intelligence, Artificial General Intelligence, Strong Artificial Intelligence etc.... Lets pick one as a community and stick with it. I thought AGI was in the lead there recently what with the conference, journal and high amount of web searches but apparently that isn't enough. Beyond that, I would like to see how they make their algorithm narrow for the narrow application of the Pac-Man game while keeping it generalizable. My guess is that they don't and this algo ends up being a "starting point" for narrow AI applications to rest on. In that case it's fine and interesting, but doesn't pass the test to integrating specificity within a general learning model. I really loved watching that old segment. Little things like Bob Simon saying "...gigabytes, whatever that is" really takes you back to that time before the ubiquity of computing. The other interesting thing was the discussion about selling user data and how unconcerned everyone was at that point about it. >In the real world, you can't "fly to this GPS point". If this were possible, we would have automated airplanes and pilots would be out of their jobs. These things don't follow. We actually do have automated airplanes and pilots jobs are really just there for passenger comfort, but that is because Autoland and autopilot utilize ILS' and other sensor data besides GPS to make it precise enough. So while your point about GPS alone being insufficient for precision delivery is correct, the overall thought that we can't do precision delivery is misguided. Much of this is great advice and I really like the idea of the pre-mortem. The only issue I have with this article is the point about not going to the C suite. I think that can be true of many services, especially ones that are free or low cost so that the users are actually building the momentum and can adopt the product at their level. Where it falls short is when you need a strategic partner or if you are looking for a big enterprise sale. The middle and lower levels provide the execs with the validation and market fit but don't have the authority to make those kinds of purchases, so you are largely wasting your time if the executives are not in the room. This is a fantastic writeup and should be required reading for all founders. Thank you for taking the time to write it all up. Kudos! That sounds really neat, I think I will start doing that with my daughter. I am away from home a lot so it might be something that we can do over the phone as our thing. This is a common theme around here lately: having time to ourselves to work/think without incoming needs or expectations from others. A bunch of people have solutions, from work spaces with isolation rooms, like the nap rooms at the huffington post, to going on a cruise to do your best development. It all seems to me to point to one major thing, we are overburdening ourselves. Most of this overburdening is by choice because we all need to be productive, otherwise we will not feel like we are changing the world. Founders are reporting being depressed and having anxiety issues. As a result we are all grasping for whatever we can to unburden ourselves while at the same time maintaining productivity. To me these things are impossible to an extent. Yes there are little hacks here and there and efficiencies can be gained but on the whole you either need to be able to deal with a shitload of stress, or figure out how to remove things from your plate. I am guessing that there will be a mass tipping point for the entrepreneur/startup community where a significant number of people are having panic attacks and massive anxiety disorders because we just really all can't be Bill Gates/Steve Jobs/Elon Musk no matter how many hours we put in on the cruise ship at 4 AM. Either that or everyone will start signing up for intensive training for how to deal with high stress environments. "Would like to point out that back in the day this was known as "keeping up with the Jones"...And had nothing to do with changing the world." To me "Keeping up with the Joneses" always had a clear material connotation eg: more money, bigger house, better car etc... I drew the distinction about changing the world because I think that is the difference between generations. I completely agree that this generation does the same peer comparisons, it's just that our metric is influence and "disrupting" the status quo rather than accumulation of wealth (though its often tough to divorce those things). Welcome to Elicitation 101 [1]. The author points out one of the most obvious and easily used ones: Deliberate False Statements / Denial of the Obvious : Say something wrong in the hopes that the person will correct your statement with true information. “Everybody knows that process won’t work—it’s just a DARPA dream project that will never get off the ground.” [1] http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/counterintelligence/... This story struck me the same way with the free coach and presidential connection all made by friends of his. The question - and only question - should be what David Simon asks: are we all in this together or are we not? I think this question is frankly naïve. Humans have functional limitations on how much we can care about other people, aka Dunbar's number. This is not something you can improve (maybe by .0001%) or create policy around, it's a hard limit. The fact that, at least in the United States, virtually everyone lives in a place with more than a few thousand people in it, ensures that there will be a conflict between the needs of the group of people around us and our own reactions to those needs. Add on to that the reality of scarcity of both needs and desires and you have a clear answer: No we are not all in it together. Having a social relationship with someone != caring about their fate. I think you aren't understanding the mechanism of the theory - which goes beyond the original paper. It has less to do with being able to "be social" (a broader function) than it does with being able to empathize with someone. Empathy is directly related to size and activity within the neocortex. [1] http://www.pnas.org/content/100/9/5497.long I stand firmly behind everything I do on the internet or otherwise knowing full well the capability for people to take things out of context or cherry pick. Having it out there allows for a full audit of what I am doing on the back end. On the front end, it ensures I am thinking through what I am writing so that I can ensure it reflects what I intend it to even if it is not all positive. Here is a n=1 for you: I just forcefully argued against male circumcision on Reddit. Check it out if you like. Well that was just one example that was recent in mind. I'm sure you can find any number of controversial things in my internet history. As I mentioned elsewhere this was just the first one off the top of my head. Very interesting writeup because I see shades of that in my own personality. So how are you overcoming this? I really really really wish there was a website that broke down code like this into explained text. I can grok a lot of code regardless of language somewhat intuitively because there is so much crossover - but I still have issues often when it comes to breaking down complex and unique segments. This would really help the learning process but I appreciate how time intensive it is. Thanks for the writeup. 2. Regular time doing wholly non-constructive things: So how did you get started doing that? I have a reeeaaly hard time with that one, to the point that I even see time with the family as non-constructive. It feels like time spent doing anything that is not pushing one of my goals forward is actively stopping forward momentum (including posting comments on the internets) so I end up getting frustrated at having wasted time and get depressed that I haven't done anything. Its a tough cycle. Disagree. The US bases all of it's drug laws after the UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs (Which arguably was US engineered)[1]. So the federal government has an international treaty obligation to create and enforce drug laws. This is the major distinction between Cannabis prohibition and Alcohol prohibition. The latter could be turned off by the US government, the former requires snubbing the UN. There is always the unilateral option but the US wouldn't do that in this case because it would open the gates for every other country and the political interests are way too strong. Basically for the US to formally "legalize it" the rest of the world would have to as well, which is why Argentina and Uruguay are great examples of leadership when it comes to the Drug war; they are both UN members and implied signatories to the treaty. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Convention_on_Narcotic_D... This is another example of caging the eyes to a nation when the network effects are global. Worldwide inequality is falling, that is well documented. So the Keynesian prognostication about a life of desirable idleness based on re-investment of capital into local markets and automation was slowed because the capital found cheaper means than automation for growth. So when you want to talk about social equality look at the impact global capitalism had on South Korea from 1950-today (as just one example). That's also not true. The vast majority of UN treaties which the US is a signatory to are enforced by the US* on US citizens. If your claim is that we only enforce the ones we lead on then that is an impossible claim to prove - by design. 99% of UN treaties no one will ever know of, things related to fisheries, wildlife preservation, telecommunications, arms control etc... check it out for yourself on their database [1] There are of course major examples of unilateral actions on the part of the US to be sure, but those are outliers albeit extreme ones. [1] http://treaties.un.org/pages/ParticipationStatus.aspx World Bank report 2012[1]: For the first time since this monitoring task began, the data indicate a decline in both the poverty rate and the number of poor in all six regions of the developing world Kings College 2013[2]: In this paper we explore who have been the winners and losers from global growth since 1990 Economist Special Section 2012[3] - More nuanced and could offer a slightly alternative if generally positive example [1] http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTPOVCALNET/Resources/Gl... [2] http://www.kcl.ac.uk/aboutkings/worldwide/initiatives/global... [3] http://www.economist.com/node/21564414 The US is by far the prime leader in the war on drugs, if we fold our cards, it's instantly game over, no matter what half-cocked treaties are outstanding." Hence my previous statement: There is always the unilateral option but the US wouldn't do that in this case because it would open the gates for every other country and the political interests are way too strong. Depends on your measure. The Nigerian GDP is a hockey stick from 2000 to today while the GINI is mixed. http://data.worldbank.org/country/nigeria What GINI misses is that the floor is rising across the board. So while internal to a country it may be spreading, between nations is shrinking: meaning a higher quality of life at the mean. See my other comment for documentation. That article has largely been denounced by the DEVGRU community see: http://sofrep.com/18453/esquire-is-screwed-duped-by-seal-ubl... The answer is that democracy is itself a protection against tyranny, whether by the one (autocracy) or by the few (oligarchy). Except it's not, which is explicitly the reason for the Senate. It is there to slow things down - by design. Democracies have a pretty bad track record for turning into oligarchies. Of late there has been much discussion about the reforming of the American governmental system because of it's "dysfunction." As a result there are a whole lot of Baby out with the bathwater approaches which are offered up as solutions. This article does the same and wishes away most of the problems that the idealization of the Senate is there to solve. The article's main complaint seems to be that the "aristocracy" of the Senate maintains the power imbalance of the United States, which absolves the electorate of any responsibility. In fact the article never discusses anything beyond the fact that the system is corrupted and that it is racially skewed. Never as to why, or describing some underlying mechanism that is keeping it there. In the end, unless you think voting is "rigged" or somehow a sham, the responsibility falls on the electorate to manage who sits in the seats of power. Widespread apathy and disengagement (for often practical and legitimate reasons) keeps the same people in power and ensures that the wrong decisions and power will continue to be consolidated into too few hands. Good example here: http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/mon-november-11-2013/not-s... 1) How will they afford SIPC coverage? (That is the insurance for your money in case they fail.) I would bet that a good portion of their outside investments would go toward this while they are growing. If they can make enough on their API and margin trading that would cover it long term. I would also bet their margin trades will have a bit higher lending costs than a typical trading platform. Agree with this wholeheartedly. I started learning C++ back in 1997 with "Learn C++ in 21 days" and other books. I quickly got burned out with building simple print out programs and over the past 16 years have started different languages in fits and starts. There are so few one language projects that are worth using, that the single language approach seems really outdated. To me a much better approach would be to have learning structured around a specific project type. In general projects fall into only a handful of categories so I don't think it would be terribly hard to structure. For example "Web commerce" (Javascript, CSS, HTML5, mySQL), "Machine learning" (Python, Java) etc... You wouldn't learn all the details of a language up front but you would get to your goal more quickly and have a framework/template for future projects. Would I? Or do I? Cognitive enhancing drugs (nootropics) have been in use in the workplace for quite a while now. Reddit has a pretty robust community as well: http://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/ But the focus on actively listening to phone calls is a red herring; the NSA has not been accused of doing that. It certainly has: http://news.cnet.com/8301-13578_3-57589495-38/nsa-spying-fla... http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/nsa-spying-... More to the point, the 60 minutes piece goes on in the same segment to address the issue of metadata; going so far as to demonstrate how it is used with an analyst behind the wheel of a metadata analysis tool. A fluff piece for sure, but the article here is doing it's own misrepresentation of what was shown. So what managers end up doing is being responsible for all of the shit work so their team can go do what they do best. This is the definition of management if it is being done correctly. In effect you manage inbound tasks from upper management to ensure that important tasks get completed while FUD is diverted or eliminated. This strikes at a larger point though that if you didn't get crap from above there would be little need for management. The issue is when everyone thinks their project is the most important and should have resources allocated towards it. Then you need someone with a better strategic picture to marry all of the competing requirements such that it fits into the position that your organization takes in the market for that time period. It also reinforces the fact that there are different layers of "knowledge" from strategic global markets to lines of code. If you want anything better than luck to line those two things up across dozens or hundreds of projects you will need some kind of middle management. Oh wow. My guess is that you and I had the same idea following the "Started a stupid company. Failed" thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6806428 I actually started working on something similar - but quite honestly I don't have the skills to do it in any reasonable time frame. I am glad I stopped when I did because yours would have crushed mine. I hope it works out. FYI one of the reasons I stopped is because I knew it would be really hard to get solid content because it was based on things that most people want to never talk about again. If this platform can get them talking it would be massively helpful to the community. On the order of Quora. Seems like the author wants to make programming as simple as building something with Legos. As someone who struggles with software development I would love this. The problem however is that there is a translation problem between me and my computer. It doesn't understand what is in my head and I don't understand how to make it do what is in my head. So we have come up with lots of different ways to do that, with tradeoffs between rigor and usability. The problem of translation of ideas really crosses all boundaries, machine/human, human/human, human/animal etc... so if you could figure out a way to do that translation (specifically human/machine) that has basically no learning curve the world would beat a path. The issue of knowing your people is such a basic fundamental tenant of leadership that every year or two another tool is invented to solve it. 360 degree feedback was the previous hot company evaluation tool and 15Five had a pretty interesting approach to this as well. I haven't used know your company, but it seems to me that at its core it is an employee feedback tool - with the caveat that it is as minimally intrusive as possible (which is always the goal by the way). I would love to see how it actually works compared to other management tools, but my company is not big enough to actually be able to implement it. I do think this is an example of the way that startup/technologists/hackers do things when compared to the rest of the universe of management/leadership: reinventing the wheel that the business management community has been chiseling on for over a century. Hopefully this will do great things. I have TSA Pre as well but the past three times I have flown those lanes were closed. They are only open certain times. Spying on foreign governments because you think they might present a threat to you in terms of war/foreign policy is generally defensible, while using the apparatus of the state to support select private enterprise through espionage is not. I am genuinely curious why the former would be defensible while the latter not. The former in this case would trend toward causing (at some point) some level of death an destruction, the latter amounts to high level piracy. Is the basis for the former's defensibility the assumption that it is strictly defensive in nature? Why would a country not have a program to enhance it's own industry through espionage? Seems like it would be the same as any other secret program and continue fairly unabated. Open R&D, as is 90% of basic research, would certainly stay the same as there would be no need for espionage in those cases. People want facts, then maybe feelings Generally speaking I think this is actually backward they are moved by feelings then use the facts to back them up. Just look at the best sales technique (across industries): Telling a story. The "feelings" angle is actually much more powerful for PR activities. The Tesla response was, as the author points out, for "Tech savvy people" - the kind of people who would or would nto buy a tesla. This is comparing messages that are targeting the median customer of two different core markets: tech savvy early adopters vs mid-range product consumers (there are undoubtedly overlaps between Tesla customers and Target customers). These messages probably separately work great for their target market. Lawyers should be responsible to their clients, not serve as an extra layer of tax informants. I was under the impression this is how it worked eg. that lawyers' only responsibility are to their client. Otherwise you would get some kind of weird conflict of interest in every case. This article and the bulk of the comments strike me as shortsighted. Money is the driver of industry. The more you have, the more you can direct resources towards productive activity. The idea of money being freedom is a great comparison, which I make myself often. The OP and others here however largely limit their notions to hedonistic freedoms and critiquing buying "things." What about building that school or the playground in the neighborhood that can't afford it? What about funding fundamental research that is under funded right now? What about starting a job training program for the under employed. No, there is no such thing as too much money because there is no end to the things that need to be done in the world. So the whole conversation about enough is baffling. Well played. The Bieber song linked in the first paragraph is the one they wanted pushed in the first place to get their page rank up. Looks like an apology but is a huge SEO push. It's not on Chosun Ibo and that is the most reliable source for actual defections and general DPRK instability warning. http://english.chosun.com/ I think this is exactly it. Their affect is another example of cultural appropriation of "urban" culture by three very affluent guys (Stanford & Yale grads), which I think turns a lot of people off, including myself. As someone who genuinely grew up in that culture, it is painfully cringe worthy and just sad to see people who have no background in it adopt it. Their Disrupt interview was a genuine display of the generally awkward douchebaggery that comes from that appropriation. So when I see folks like this do poorly because of arrogance, it is indeed schadenfreude. I disagree somewhat. Yes, I think that if people are creating value then their own personal behaviors should have little to no bearing on how that work is translated. I think their affects do set a bad standard for tech founders, and just how people behave in general and those attitudes spread into how they run their business. I can envision other future founders looking at these guys as successful and thinking, "yea that is how I have to act to make it big." In a similar way that The Game and all that has influenced dating, I think these guys applied some of that to the startup/hip/rap thing which in my opinion is detrimental and smacks of trying too hard, especially when they are all very well placed, affluent people. Add to that the fact that they genuinely did shady things (regardless of whatever anyone else did) and the bullshit wears off even more. So maybe someone who is coming up will think twice about behaving similarly in all aspects. Who said anything about race? The distinction is class and culture, not race. I like how almost every stage has a trash bin. Sometimes good ideas don't take off and just need to die and die quickly. A true implementation of lean. The disconcerting part (which may have just been left out) is that there is no trash bin in the tweak it stage. That seems fairly standard and how you get into a piece of bloated software that just keeps piling on features without making things easier. It could also be that these ideas are also getting rid of features rather than just adding them but that is not how it read to me. The problem with this is that it doesn't give any context for the capabilities of other platforms. In reality it is the best we have, by far for attempting to identify friend or foe on the battlefield. When I say by far, I mean it. It is several orders of magnitude better, oh and it has a memory (DVR) so that the users can improve their capabilities. So the whole things couches it wrong. You could have just as easily have written this: Despite the feed often being highly pixelated, the video feeds offer far better resolution on suspected enemies than any other method, day or night, often including close quarters combat The ideal of "Batman" and most other superheroes encapsulate this idea exactly. Indeed, what right does America have to kill any "suspected terrorist" in Yemen? Mostly because the people in charge of approving that in the Yemeni government have approved it [1] [1] http://www.presstv.com/detail/2012/09/30/264233/yemens-hadi-... For the cost of a single Hellfire, many Afghanistan villages could've been given power, for the first time, to charge their phones, making it possible for them to communicate, to educate themselves. A nice thought, but anyone who has spent time in rural AFG/PAK or Yemen/Somalia (where most of this is happening) will tell you that that is not what would happen. More typical, the power would be diverted to or ripped out by the local warlords to maintain their own power over the population - and most of the "regular" citizens go along with it because it meets cultural demands of the religiosity and tribalism that has been baked in for. Liberalism (classic) can't be forced on a region or a group of people. The reality is, your brain cannot process that many close connections so you are inevitably limited. >It's been my worry for a while that we will achieve the marxist workers utopia technically This is actually my mid-term goal with the food service industry, driving labor costs to insignificant (not that it would realistically get to zero). How I anticipate addressing the problems you describe are several fold: 1) Job training and direct hiring for technologically displaced workers in the industry 2) Free food for low/no income people 3) Political advocacy for the basic income These aren't magic bullets but I think they would go the furthest to bring everyone up while moving technology forward. Kickstarter isn't designed for business, but rather it is designed for art in the general sense (which sometimes has business applications), so I don't think Kickstarter is a good example. there may be technological ways to enhance empathy or decrease our species’ tendency towards greed, revenge, and moral flexibility under duress. Congratulations OP, you have reasoned yourself into transhumanism! To me the argument the OP described is one of the best ways to come to human-augmentation advocacy because it becomes obvious that we should be using technology to improve our capabilities. To delve more deeply into transhumanism from this perspective, I would caution to not get preoccupied with current transhuman threads which are largely based on prosthetics and physical limitations. Rather, I would look more towards nootropics and other technologies that help maintain or improve brain function and technologies which help reduce biases . In my opinion there is not enough being done to help the average person make better decisions on a daily basis, though there are some things. The fact that this is becoming a discussion point is great! edit: I should also mention that the field of behavioral economics positively emphasizes the idea of "nudging" people toward better decision largely through design. What is not being addressed here is that different people can take varying levels of stress before they "burn out." From a simply practical standpoint, it is a competitive trait to be able to work longer without being able to burn out. The fact that you are competing with people like that in every marketplace means that not needing, or even desiring a break or vacation may be a key determinant of success in a highly competitive market. I think that is why you see this no rest attitude so prevalent in very competitive schools, elite military units, wall street and other hyper competitive markets where razor thin distinctions can mean big differences. I suppose to me it seems pretty intuitive that holding all else equal, the person who puts more work in (days per year) will have a better outcome. There isn't always a trade off, some people can just work more before losing capacity. There are those people in every industry; and that is my point, the mere existence of these people as your competition means they will be able to outwork you if you have a lower stress tolerance. The standard counter is that some X-factor like a creativity multiplier comes into play that the "overworked" person doesn't have. I have also heard/read the "Over x amount of hours worked per day productivity drops." I think that holds for most people but not for the outliers who choose not to take vacations. Interesting interpretation as well about markets as all of the examples I gave were decidedly not entrepreneurial in nature so I don't agree with your assessment that I made that "bold" claim, however I would probably extend the theory there as well. Didn't we just do this and in more depth, a few months ago?[1] [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6577524 As you rightly point out extremes of Abuse and neglect have the most long lasting impacts on human development than nearly any other factor. However even with those examples excluded, the amount of talking that a child is exposed to when in their developing years has significant impact on their long term development; see the "word gap" [1]. Not only that but nutritional environment (often based on parental choice) for the first 2-6 years has a massive impact on long term brain development [2]. So yes in fact parenting practices have a massive impact even when you exclude abuse and neglect. [1] http://www.npr.org/2013/12/29/257922222/closing-the-word-gap... [2] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2018962/pdf/arch... I really liked the 7 habits of highly overrated people [1] article that you mention, but I would also encourage people to not ascribe all of those activities to overrated people, by default. If you read in the article he even concedes that very effective people do many of these things, which is why it is an effective cover for incompetence. Now, I know what you’re thinking — that might actually be productive. And, well, it might be, nominally so. But do you notice that you’ve got a very tangible plan of action here and there’s been no mention of what the project actually involves? A great way to appear useful without being useful is engage heavily in an activity completely orthogonal to the actual goal. So if the goal aligns with the plan of action and there is "overcommunication" there could well be value added. [1] http://www.daedtech.com/the-7-habits-of-highly-overrated-peo... Actually, that is exactly what the world needs...I don't care about school, I just want to learn. The disconnect is that you probably don't need to learn as badly as someone impoverished and living in the more closed societies that Thrun is trying to reach. For them to become competitive in the world market they need to have skills and knowledge that you and most of the people with access to computers and the internet take for granted. So I agree with the parent comment that the world does not need another way for someone with a BS to get marginally smarter on an esoteric topic (for 99% of humanity) like AI. We need a platform for those without access to education to learn how to do basic coding, or learn other skills that will be needed in the coming decades. Thanks. The second link is thorough yet also very concise. Something completely unstated here is the practical demands required of startup employees and founders and entry level tech workers. Most of those demands conflict with someone who has kids and other responsibilities, such as long and odd hours with a high pace. Statistically older people will come with more baggage and are much less willing to put up with harsh and in some cases ridiculous work schedules that are required of interns and new hires. This is the same for any high competition job and I think Wall Street is a perfect example for this because it is very similar in practice. There are way more parallels between Wall Street and Silicon Valley than I think either group would care to admit. With inventors from 41 countries, more than 31 percent of the patents came from overseas. This is a bit confusing to me. Is IBM acquiring patents through buyouts/purchases or are these inventors IBM employees? Seems like the former would be more likely. I'm lead to believe that my viewpoint is not uncommon among those growing up without much money. It's not a fun feeling. My response still, when money is tight, is to shut down and do nothing. Your writeup echoes my childhood really well and largely my approach to budgeting. I will say though that I just remember it being a part of life and not something that was odd, or not nice. Even though we were poor my parents scraped and went into debt to send me to a private middle school filled with rich kids. So that was even more odd being the "poor kid" in the class and wanting to spend all my time at my friends' homes all the way across town. I never had an allowance, but when I wanted to sell candy to my classmates my mom fronted me the 10 dollars for the initial outlay of candy. So in that regard my entrepreneurship started early as a result of just wanting to have some spending money as a kid. My question is, in 2016, will the bar be even higher? Maybe angel investors will expect a working product, reasonable traction, and product/market fit all before they put in the first $1M? Try 2013/14. Just as an example using our company, we have a well rounded team with experience in the industry, working beta (nothing scalable), letters of intent from large industry players and several beta users. Every Angel I have talked to says they can't invest (even low 6 figures) without significant traction, on the order of thousands of monthly paying customers. By that time I won't need their money. The problem is, for leading edge technology and people with families working part time its that extra layer of difficult to move quickly with iterations and improvements, so that slows our entire dev cycle down SIGNIFICANTLY. I have spoken to others in our region (D.C.) who say the same thing, so its not unique. It is probably convenient for you to think that, but unless you have some sort of mental health condition (delusions of grandeur, etc.), I doubt it. So what would you say to the young [insert famous and wealthy figure here]? I have been following this for a little while and their site hasn't changed much since 2012 - if at all. I am really curious to see what they are doing now. Many of the founders' angel.co profiles don't show any other employment but beyond that I haven't seen much else from these folks, on twitter or otherwise. Anyone know? Comparing to their chance of death by traffic accident would be more relevant. Not really. The increases in LEA capabilities and militarized tactics took a massive leap post 9/11 largely based on the idea of preventing terrorism. If those impacts are now causing more harm than the thing they are intended to prevent, then there is a clear problem and highlighting it shows that such a response is wrongheaded. The other causes of death in this case are not relevant at all to the point, however the broader approach would advocate that the more frequent causes of death should be addressed before other less probable causes of death. Really interesting and insightful analysis. * Think about the relative ubiquity of the term "ox" in literature from the past and then think about the last time you actually saw an ox.* I wonder what the global population of oxen (or any beast of burden) looks like now compared to when they were at their highest level of "employment." I think that would give us a very interesting existential metric if, as economics does now, we view human labor and humans in general as tools towards some ends. Apparently, they're all for free markets, except when it affects their bottom line! Seems to be a trend in every discipline, why should Big Tech be any different? See: Big TELCO, Big Banking, Big Oil, Big Ag etc... They should shut down their service, take the money they have, and make something that improves the world The problem is, if they did that they wouldn't have any money as it's all VC wrapped This is a natural outcrop of the everything is free/cheap zeitgeist. The demands from users for game quality far outstrips what they expect to pay for them, so if you charge high they will just not buy it or find a loss leader and play their game - they are all almost perfect replacements for the average user after all. If a small amount of people want to pony up $100+ per title then it might work, but there is something to be said for high volume low cost. At the risk of being crass, the online porn industry has gone to this model as well. They give a significant amount of free teaser video leading up to what would be the climax of the scene, only to cut away to an ad or just outright end. I would assume it is working the same as with freemium games. PII is generally considered something that is unique and non-public information like a Social Security Number. A broadcast address like a MAC or an IMSI is not private and unless it was combined with a name would not be considered PII. So as a retailer/third party I could correlate an IMSI/IMEI with an item that was purchased and still be in the clear so long as I do not tie the purchaser's name to it. Queuing theory at it's finest! Bravo. None of these questions or tactics will be offensive to real angel investors. In fact, they will give the real ones more confidence in you. This is a big sticking point for first time founders because it by definition turns the tables and now the founder is the one who is challenging the supposed expert investor. This can be tough for people to do if they aren't used to it. The point of all of these campaigns is to get people building software as a trade, or skill to MAKE useful products and services for other people, be it full time or part time. The president and others don't distinguish between CS and programming largely because they don't know the difference, but my guess is also because making the argument about which is which is largely irrelevant to their point because those knowledge requirements vary wildly depending on the intent of the software. For some pieces of software you don't need to know CS to make a successful product, for others you do. The whole point is to get the average person - or at least a larger amount of workers - to be able to solve problems and create solutions with software. What would be really cool is if someone could take all the user keystroke timing data, with the distance calculations and do some ML to build an optimized route. This is wrong though because unless you have the same password for everything (you shouldn't) the process isn't the single serving: click login box, type, tab, type, enter It is moreso: click login box, type one of passwords 1-10, tab, type, enter Which assumes you remember each one. It's an even better use case scenario if you are the guy with only one password for everything. Where exactly are you going with this? The author is doing something that they are passionate about and would seem to have an audience. Not only that it is more socially conscious than working for King or some other crap app factory. So what's the beef and why are you so condescending about it? As a recovered misean this is literally the only thing that "anarcho-capitalists" can point to; a tiny period of poorly documented and singularly referenced history. One data point, in a homogenous and relatively isolated region does not a grand idea make. people aren't individuals anymore, we are drones in a collection of drones, with a queen. Isn't this the best solution long term? Makes sense to me. It's not the actual cash. Money is actually worthless in and of itself, it's the using of it that makes it worthwhile. Money gets you access to resources to MAKE things, that is why R&D takes so much money. You have to pay a lot of people to think and work hard - only if it's your money you can pay them to think and work hard on YOUR idea and YOUR dream. Money also gets you the ability to influence change, politically or otherwise. Right or wrong that is how it works, and deciding you are better than that and not playing the game won't stop that from being true - all that will mean is that it will be that much harder for you to actually influence. So no, money is worthless, it's the things you can do with it that will find your contentedness. It's always amazing how much hate exercise gets on the internet. The majority of the comments on here are - well this or that should count as exercise not actually having to go and do some specific "exercise" training. As someone who did not used to like to exercise and now do I think it's just a whole wad of cognitive dissonance for people who largely are out of shape (by the way that /= fat) and don't want to feel like they should spend time doing specific body improving exercises. In total we took 121 calls/meetings with potential investors, and received a check from 43 of them. To me this is the most important sentence in the article. Just under 2/3 of their meetings, 65% resulted in no deal. That is 78 well placed, well funded, fully informed NO's. In the end though none of those Nos matter. I think people overlook that aspect and just see the yes'. Congrats to EasyPost for all their success. edit Since my point appears to be unclear to some: "Don't be discouraged by rejection" No doubt about that, but I still think it is worth highlighting for people (like myself) who pound the ground for funding and get discouraged by all the "No." I've called President Obama to express my frustration over the damage the government is creating for all of our future. This is why I am leaving government. I am about the same age as Zuck and have been working in government at many levels for about 12 years now and I work with people who have been working policy for over 40 years. The president couldn't care less what most of us think think...but because Zuck has shitloads of money and manages this massive platform his voice apparently matters when it comes to national policy over people who do it on a daily basis. Don't misread this as a hit on Zuckerberg, it's not at all, it's just illuminating who the government listens to. Nothing new of course, but it does hit home over and over. I have no idea how they should do it. It's just clear that if you have money, and a lot of it, you have a voice in shaping the world. If you don't have money regardless of what position you are in, you don't have a voice (extreme popular outliers excluded). No doubt about that, I only mentioned age because it hits home there. He's a job creator which is why he has a voice. Don't overlook the personal wealth aspect though because he was able to start that PAC fwd.us. Thank you for this link it is really interesting and I had never seen it before! How is this easier than keeping my notebook to access my notes? Does it make my notes searchable through OCR or transcription? Right now, you are selling a scanning service - which was deprecated in the early 2000's. The main pain point with notes is finding the one that I am looking for. Make my notes searchable. That would make me use this service exclusively. I think a Digital bill of rights is great, but completely unenforceable. Largely because the powers that would be enforcing it wouldn't desire to be signatories. Well that is what First Class is for. Oh you wanted it to be the same price? It has only gotten worse since the 60's because now YOU and I can afford to fly. Back in the "golden age" people flew maybe once a year and saved in order to do so. Even then it was mostly well to do people flying - now it may as well be the bus. The relative price per ticket now compared to the 60's is nickles. I flew on spirit airlines a few months ago round trip from DCA to DFW for $128. That's INSANE low. In 1960 dollars that would have been ~$16. You weren't flying anywhere for $16 in the 1960s. People wanted to fly, so the airlines accommodated that by smashing us together and giving us low fares - making themselves not really that rich in the process. >Money is a highly inefficient way of improving the world. True vis a vis itself - as money in and of itself does not have an ethical "direction." So I would say you are throwing the bullion out with the bathwater. Money is a very efficient way of focusing effort - as your example indicates. How it is focused then is up to what we collectively value and how much we want to invest in determining where it will find value. What is the wonderland you live in that makes you think an insanely expensive platform (yes for the average person the Oculus is crazy expensive) with expensive to create content and little use outside a static environment would be open forever? Can you name anything massively successful with wide adoption that has those features? If it wasn't facebook it would have been Google/Msft/etc... The vitriol to this announcement is really staggering given the whole hacker ethos around here. Both of these two CEOs are by this community's standards the most hacker of the hacker. I think that is just a sign of the times and has nothing to do with any real fundamental differences. Hackers HATED MSFT only a decade ago - and many still do - and they do just as much shady crap as facebook does. The whole hate here is irrational in my opinion. As someone who is working on an AR project and has to constantly explain to people WHAT AR is, I find it a tad disheartening that this is the top comment in HN comments. I would have expected that the readership would have been well versed enough that it would have been mid-level. This does serve as a good data point about technology penetration though. Thanks. This is probably why Intelligence analysts steadily rank as highest in job satisfaction [1], you literally can't take your work home with you. [1] http://money.cnn.com/magazines/moneymag/best-jobs/2011/caree... Where is all this leading? Is someone leading some kind of action to change this or are we just gazing at the issue making ourselves all feel terrible? Is it worth changing? It seems like this situation is pretty historically standard anyway yet there is progress on all counts. This is why I feel like farm to plate automation is the core technology that makes the future real. My concern is that people will reject it out of the lack of variety at the start. The latter, where growing, harvesting, processing and delivery is done through a repeatable automated process. I agree that there is a massively high rate of automation already employed in the agricultural sector, however much like the difficulty of high speed internet is focused on the last mile, the last mile for food automation is in cooking and delivery in a palatable, healthy and convenient manner. To those ends, the logistics of food production are massively intensive and account for most of the food waste worldwide, so shrinking the logistics chain alone would significantly reduce costs and improve quality. I am thinking in this regard about the containerized growing systems that are starting to enter the market. I like it and would like to use it here in D.C. please. I would suggest making the sell price in the big red letters instead of the "youll earn" part. That whole section is a little confusing and I thought it was telling me I would only get 2k for my 20k car. I only really care about how much I would be getting for my car, the comparison to the dealership is important but secondary, and oh by the way I will have already probably looked that up on kbb.com. >The problem is that if your audience is potentially "all humans", the ratio is 50/50. True, however my guess is that real user data would not be anywhere close to that, at best 80/20. So in that case, do you design for the larger percentage? There is probably a way to make it so it works for both genders. I think it's a great example of why having diversity in your development process is useful. I really wish we knew what the site was and it wasn't anonymous. Maybe the post was premature because the author still needs to "fake it till they make it" - but I would imagine that it would be a little bit of good press if nothing else. Without knowing what the product is though it is hard for folks to compare where they are with this narrative. For what it's worth I am in almost the exact situation, only I have a product, but its one of those bleeding edge situations that requires a lot of up-front work. So this is a topic very close to home. I just wish I could figure out how similar it is. I tested going from my house, to a pizza joint, to work with both your site and with google and got the same result. The only difference is that google gave me a straight forward total time, while I have to do the math on your site and its a smaller map. I think what separates your service from what google does is that it embeds the search in your route - so that I can choose between different places along the route, which is cool. I know I am always wanting to know what is the best place to stop for food along my route home that I haven't tried and it is a bit cumbersome with the way google is set up. I would make that much clearer up front in how yours is different than google because I got the same "result" after I selected the place I wanted. As it is you are focusing on telling people about the result, rather than the options along the route, which is the real service. Looks like every key metric that HN stands for (traction, market fit, experienced founders etc...) falls away if you have a patent. This was also true with Snapchat >Modern parenting literature seems largely to be about manipulating your child into being who and what you want them to be. That is not modern parenting, that's just parenting. Aside from some fringe philosophies (Summerhill for example) I have yet to come across any seriously taken historical example of parenting advice that is not focused on shaping children into something the parent desires, even if that is a very loose mold. Even your own example does this by assigning a direction to your actions based on how it will impact the child. >pedagogy tries to find the optimal conditions for humans to develop their true self "True self" is not a real thing - it's mystical psychobabble. In reality you are a product of your genetics and experiences, the ratios of which are still contested, however as of now the latter is much easier to influence than the former and as a result is really the only medium we have to work with if we want to influence outcomes. So it sounds like this isn't just limited to D.C. proper based on some of the comments. To me that makes sense because there are a ton of startups and talent in the Beltway - and we all consider ourselves living in "D.C." I am about to take my startup Visidraft full time in September and I know it will be massively helpful to be linked better with the D.C. startup scene - which I am already to an extent. Thanks! I'm definitely interested - I'm in Cheverly, MD so it may as well be D.C. The general sentiment of bootstrap, get traction, get paying customers etc... is generally accepted by the vast majority of serious entrepreneurs, but I think the idea that moving forward you will be able to get to an MVP with no budget will become very difficult. This is largely because the projected technologies of the future will require much more up-front capability to even prove useful to a potential user than ever. Doing anything useful or reliable with machine learning, computer vision, data processing, image processing, robotics, genetics or nanotechnology takes years of practice engineering and studying. Those are the frontiers 10 years from now and to think you could bootstrap a competitor to SIRI or QR reader etc... without already having a significant background in it is in my mind far fetched. I would love to see this proven wrong with the creation of an API/framework/toolset that allows people with Every plane that I have flown on recently seems to have boarded front to back with executive boarding first. >there's still a bunch of missing pieces in the ecosystem that SV has nailed down Can you expand on this point? Is there something that you can point to that is structurally different in SV that cannot be replicated elsewhere eg. infrastructure, legal environment etc...? >But imagination is a fucking superpower. Indeed! Why the author decouples imagination from intelligence is odd to me, especially as he claims to be an AI researcher. Artificial Imagination and the like has been researched basically since the beginning of AI research. That is not to say that imagination is a solved problem within AI, far from it, but it is as covered in theory (which this article is about after all) as any other AI problem. >Rather use your imagination, the one thing that makes you a beautiful unique snowflake. My guess is that the author thinks there is something special or non-material about being human. >And what about concepts like art, love, beauty, morality? Are these also simply "computations" of some sort? Yes. I would argue that they are no more abstract than any other pattern recognition and the fact that they can be differentiated by perception makes them computable. You fundamentally ask the "Qualia" question, which for my part at least is well understood to be an emergent property of having perception. The Godel question is always brought up as though it is some kind of trump card - though it is not. It simply states that, we don't think that the universe can simulate itself without inconsistency. Call that a limit if you want but AI is complete well before we have a consistent universal model. If I were you I would be more worried about the münchhausen trilemma >at the time I meant "imagination" in a human context, as the ability to create new thought systems to operate in, as opposed to doing research within an existing thought framework (typically inherited from your thesis advisor, etc.). I think that is a good enough definition for imagination universally - and I would still not differentiate. How we do it is not known, but it is not unknowable. At least I don't think so. So stating that it will never happen is a bridge too far and I think built on shaky rafters. >Artificial imagination would the capability to expand or modify that search space based on previous findings... Check out some of the evolved antennas that came out of AIAA a few years ago. Would that not meet this definition? There is also some work with computer vision that modify prior outputs for new inputs in searches, so that would meet the definition you give. That said, I won't argue that we have good examples of working imaginations in practice or research - though I bet there are some that I haven't seen - but at least there are papers on the theory. I even have a few of my own ideas that I just haven't put on paper. I feel like this is the startup that so many of us have always wanted to do. Kudos for doing it! This is an excellent point. The key complaint you hear from lower income (and really almost across the board) is that they don't have time to make food at home, because they are busy working/transiting, so they buy fast food. >Shao and I had lots of experience in starting companies, product management, management consulting and developing Maybe this is just me being nitpicky but "lots of experience" to me says that this person is an expert in their field. Guy obviously has done great things, but I wouldn't say he is an expert. Flawed as it may be, the 10,000 hour rule I think is a good rule of thumb to determine expert status and is roughly 10 years of full time intensive work, which he doesn't really have. This is part of a wider issue with the tech community that seems hypocritical. In one breath many in the tech world say that "results are what matter" and that age and experience are nothing but numbers. Then in the next breath these same people will tout about all the experience they have and how they are experts and have this and that experience. Can't have it both ways though. Either experience qua experience is worth something or it isn't. I would generally fall on the side of it isn't, so lets just not even mention it. Definitely enough to start a company, though I don't think anyone would argue that is a very high bar. Good luck. There is an inherent conflict in the demands of the citizens. We all want to be kept safe from crime and have law enforcement and state protection actually keep us safe, vindicate us when falsely accused and resolve our case when we are hurt. We also don't want them to have data that they could misuse. As this community knows well, you can't solve problems without data and data collection for policing historically was anecdotal and varied wildly by jurisdiction. beat cops would walk around and use their own internal sensors to take data and make correlations. This of course is subject to all the common human failings and would more often than not fail the community more than it helped - but it was rarely considered invasive. So we have two options: Build and apply to our civic lives effective tools for persistent collection/analysis of public data and take the chance that oversight is improper or that the data will be misused. Or do we accept fewer resolved cases of homicide/speeding/kidnapping/parole etc... and have a higher probability that our PII is only kept within private companies? Except there is a record of those crimes - and largely due to other persistent sensors like gunshot sensors that have been put into high crime areas [1]. This one individual was not involved in those activities so he did not see them in his FOIA request. What you see with these types of sensors are easily deployable, fairly cheap, useful sensors that are doing what cops already do (license plate searches) only more quickly with the addition of geo-tagging. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunfire_locator I am looking to apply to the New York instance, as it is close to where I am located, however I am not exactly sure what someone would get out of going. From the outset it seems as though it would be very valuable to go, but I can't really tell what the tangible benefits are from going. It is clear that I would be able to see world class speakers - but I can also do that online as I did last year when I watched a large portion of the talks posted. So is it also a networking event (obviously all these are that to some degree)? I guess I am just trying to figure out if it is worth taking a day away from my startup, and spend money to get up to NYC to go (assuming I even got in). Can anyone with experience having gone to one of these give some insight? Thanks. US seems to draw heavily from the "Law" function, with equal parts MBA. One thing that is curious to me is that the display for speed takes a significant portion of the screen space. I would imagine that knowing speed would be incidental information for a race car driver, given that there are no speed limits. I suppose that they might have marks to hit for straightaways or something to limit wear on the engine - but in those cases a simple LED or flash would be more effective for that. Very cool. Thanks for the in depth answer. >Why sit in the office and pretend to be working? It makes no sense. Only if you think of it from the "accomplishing tasks" perspective. For example where I work, we are there even if we are not actively working to be available in case we need to immediately respond to demands of leadership. For example this week I had to answer an off the wall question about our project that they needed an answer to RIGHT NOW because they have a meeting with their boss in 15 minutes and anticipate that their boss would ask that question. Yea. I feel like an idiot whenever I take things like these. I never have a straightforward answer for anything. I always think: "I want to like doing [x] but I am bad at it so I guess I should choose like...but what if they mean would I choose doing that over something I am good at? In that case it should be a dislike, or maybe. Shit! I don't know!" or when given this one: >A sick person has some difficulty walking and needs to go up a flight of stairs. You help them do so. "I think that would make me feel good to help someone, so I'll choose like. Although is that what I would want to do for a job? If so then I would definitely dislike that job. I guess I would maybe like to help someone up the stairs." Gahh! Great explanation of how the process actually works for automating these complex systems. What you are describing though is how we build narrow AIs, which are considered part of the "Artificial Intelligence" portfolio. The idea of naive learning is very much a goal of most interpretations of what "Artificial Intelligence" encompasses. The scope of the self directed learning though I think is what distinguishes between narrow AI and AGI. http://www.cps.edu/calendar/student_days_off/Pages/StudentDa... If you subtract the number of teacher/administrative work days they get about 20 days off per year - during the school year. My wife has been a private school teacher for almost a decade now and worked briefly in public schools. She saw firsthand the insane rigidity of the teachers union and how incompetent teachers were kept on because they were fast to involve the union and were more senior. It is my hypothesis that this type of work is exactly what Artificial General Intelligences will be built to do first. to expand a bit, I believe AGIs will be used to improve/augment decision making at strategic decision making levels. After a certain point they will stop augmenting and simply take over that role. >It would be like appointing a cold, amoral board member only concerned with pure profit -- probably not great for society at large, but I could be wrong of course. Theoretically, as defined by the fiduciary responsibility of a corporation to it's shareholders, this is exactly what they would want. The subtext of your statement is a contention that there is an inherent conflict inherent in those two goals (profitability and social benefit), which I don't think can be rigorously supported. Oh I agree that there are TONS of better applications. My hypothesis is based on how I think people will actually use it, not how I think they should use it. That is exactly my point though - the way to maximize profits is to provide a social good in addition to your excellent product. >I would likely be independently weathy and able to fund any science project I wish That is what I determined would be the best way to ensure that I could get the research projects I wanted to do actually funded. Thanks for those. I have said that if there were a "bar" version I would go for that - looks like mealsquares is that. I have always thought that it was a complex computer vision problem that made this work, very interesting that it was more than just software and makes sense. I am tempted to think that this was the first widely adopted (and accepted) instance of augmented reality. Very cool in that context! Very cool. Are you guys doing statistical filtering at all or is it strictly palette matching? Seems like your data inputs are specific enough that you are trying to get where you don't need much buffer on either side of the wavelength. Well the field just becomes a large marker at that point and you use the boundaries as easy reference points. This is what the real future of AR and CV combined are. It's a loophole because it does not maintain consistency of the law and allows for an internally modifying process. I agree with you that it is not "one weird trick" or a "hack" or something that is unknown and easily exploitable, which is why I think Einstein et al. dismissed the concern, supposing this is the actual concern that Godel was proposing. If anything the adoption of the 22nd Amendment - using the process that the 5th allows - somewhat shows that the system works the opposite direction by placing more restrictions on potential tyrannies. The fact that it is so widely used should tell you that it is effective. Here is a small primer on the psychology of slogans: http://www.adslogans.co.uk/ww/prvwis11.html An ad hominem if I have ever seen one! To answer your question though, yes as it gives a simple, researched and concise explanation as to why these are useful and might make the commenter think that they aren't as "meaningless" as they seem. >"is what they could do in their free time better for society than what they are doing at work now?" That is a really great question and one that I think gets to the heart of the problem this article and others like it are demonstrating. I think this idea of the bullshit jobs, and the implicit removal of them, has corollaries with what was posted here recently: "How to get business ideas - remove steps" [1] The trouble is, as was pointed out in the article, is that removing steps means removing a person from their source of income and in a lot of cases also their identity and social network. So how do you remove bullshit jobs without causing a massive collective existential threat? [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7826338 Here is what I found when I was out selling: The only thing worse than getting a no is getting nothing. At least with No, you get feedback and that is valuable. The only way you can get to "no" or "yes" is by pushing the customer to give you an answer and people in general are hesitant to be that pushy. You can watch the goal posts shifting for "AI" as we speak. Great result nonetheless! Realize that this version is from 2001 and is not the version that was in the recent test. I started Visidraft (www.visidraft.com) while still full time active duty military. Surprisingly enough I built it to solve a pain point I had while doing construction project management which is outside the scope of my formal job title. I am hoping the success of Visidraft will allow me to transition out of the military with minimal impact on my family. We launch in August and given our Beta test results expect great growth. >I see incompetent IT processes and a lack of mandated data retention policies. Having worked in government for well over a decade now, I can tell you that this is undoubtedly the case. That is not to say all departments have poor practices, but on the whole there is no standardization and each organization does things differently. I have worked in offices that have NO server archive and everyone relies on PST's, and others where there are server archives but they are limited to 500MB or something small and they just start deleting items by date. >I feel like we're living in a constant world of incompatible systems whose (nearly) sole purpose is to "own the market": VHS vs. Beta, GSM vs. CDMA, Canon vs. Nikon lenses, and so on. It is almost always the case that a company desires a monopoly on its market - despite whatever thin endorsement of "strong competition" they espouse. Branching from the original topic a bit, given the human propensity to consume, growth is required in order to rise quality of living globally. You can't eat peace and love. It's too far a bridge to ask 7 billion people to simultaneously stop desiring things as well - so again the only thing left is growth. I really do think Hanlon's razor applies here. I don't disagree that the incentive is there, but I think the total failure of the USG to do technology correctly is the more likely culprit. I can tell you from first hand experience that I know of very senior people who have lost months of data from what would be a simple migration or corrupted virtual instance. Boggles the mind really. Do you mean that congress and the executive branch should delegate? If so they largely do in the form of think tanks, policy centers and research groups like RAND. I know that there are a lot of big decisions that came from those organizations, one of the best examples of this is Team B [1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Team_B Because it is a show? You probably have to have actually done the job to know where the pain points are. B2B problems (that aren't also consumer problems) are not something you can easily find in my experience. Agreed, definitely easier if you are doing your job right I feel like this post is generally on track, but it still falls into the same problem that come with all questions about recruiting: People trying to hire quality people quickly/easily. Arguably, hiring is the most important thing that you can do, with firing being a close runner up. This should be the thing that the CEO is most engaged with, especially if the CEO is doing his job as "culture minister." Now this doesn't mean that a CEO is the only person who talks to a new hire, but it does mean that the CEO should be the lead face that interacts with the possible hire from first contact. This also doesn't mean that the CEO is only doing recruiting. Ideally the recruiting team would offer to the CEO a top ten list of candidates for a position and then the CEO makes the decision to contact and woo the possible hire until he/she is confident that this person is a good fit and has the skills necessary. Nothing is more important than the people in your company, so treat them that way and you don't have to fuck around with A/B testing emails. >The United States is the only advanced country that doesn't guarantee that its citizens will get paid vacation time and holidays I find the reasoning consistently maddening. What they should be saying is that there is no federal mandate for private employers to pay workers during vacation/convalescence/maternity leave. In point of fact, for government workers there is paid annual/maternity/paternity leave which ends up being "use or lose" and in effect becomes a mandatory leave - something universally omitted in these articles. I think this just comes back to the classic debate about how the American economy is organized. Our constitution and US Code is not organized such that the government can easily dictate laws to private employers, that is by design. Absolutely, because it is the only way the US government can actually by law give American workers mandatory time off. I remember looking for this when spritz first came out and thinking - oh great I have to wait for all of these different platforms to integrate the spritz API to use it. Glad to see there is a way to use it. Did their valuation really rise that much by pivoting that a16z decided to double down or was there a cap on the first round? Interesting take and I don't necessarily disagree. My guess is that most people who are donating don't have wider policy on their mind, only helping someone fill an individual need. Something analogous to a Red Cross/Crescent which does not want to influence policy directly, only to help individuals. To further clarify my point though, not giving to this cause won't impact how US health care is managed , it only doesn't help this individual . If thousands of very public uninsured and preventable deaths have happened without a change this likely won't make the difference Not that abstaining is reprehensible Is it perhaps the case that folks like you are so rare that you might as well not exist? That's just under the size of the Active duty US military or major industries! Quite a task. Created or moved? I would argue that the Uber/AirBnB jobs have just taken market share from existing jobs. That's not to criticize or make it less worthwhile, I just don't think that is the intention of the RFS - though its brevity leaves it quite open. As a military member who has worn three separate uniform implementations over the past 10+ years I can tell you that no-one who is serving thinks the changes are anything but silly. Everyone I knew thought that the introduction of multicam in AFG was a great jumping off point for all the services to share a uniform - but of course that will never happen with all the GO level pissing matches that happen. Congrats to the team for a successful launch. I will be interested to see how this scales. PS: Please make your images smaller - I only saw the first 50% of your images by the time I was done reading >but I couldn't buy one of these, they just look so dorky. Congratulations you described why rollerblading really never took off in the 90s. As a rollerblader even I can admit that there is just something about the look that screams "not cool", I'm just not quite sure why. This mis-characterizes the Economist's wonder at price mechanisms - as though this one characteristic in a vacuum should be a shining example of the "invisible hand" (subtext mine). The key market assumption that is missing that would make this a wholly positive pricing activity, is that the marginally increased demand also comes with a marginally increased supply at a marginally higher cost, which it doesn't in these cases. The supply market does not expand in order to cover more customers in most cases, with everyone paying a slight penalty for the transaction/logistical cost, all it does is take a saturated supply market and price out the lower tier. So if Uber was able to dispatch MORE drivers for a slightly higher cost at surge times (arguably easier with Uber than with traditional taxi companies), that would actually be closer to the Pareto efficiency that economists like. Perhaps I am wrong but it doesn't look like that is what happens in the case of Uber. I'm not affiliated with Uber so I don't know how their internals work - it may just be a logistical problem given elasticity of supply. For all that I know however, they are dispatching more, but given the uproar it would appear that they are not. Though I did not glean any particular business acumen insights from it, I thought it was very well worth the read. It painted a portrait of Branson as a person and personality, which helps explain his success. These are fantastic. >3. Encourage everyone to “take a step back” This one is the best cause it is so damn effective at getting everyone to pay attention to you without you having to say anything of substance. >8. Ask the presenter to go back a slide Because clearly the presenter doesn't know enough to give you the most pertinent information on their own slides. Can these things share accurate telemetry data so you can add a geospatial data layer? That would be great because if they are communicating anyway getting relative location should be reasonable and make keeping track of folks much easier while not having to rely on LOS. edit: I see the maps feature but I also see the text of the messages asking where someone is, so that is what spurred the question. So who is going to be the YC ambassador to the East coast now that Alexis is full time? Maybe you can expand to DC as well - or bring on one of us in the DC area as your proxy. Even if the impact on a near-term undertaking is limited, the understanding of comparative capabilities are huge for program management decisions for future iterations. For example had they realized that the LM the Soviets were building was incapable of working, that could impact the program in huge ways including changing how funding for the US program was structured, rule out or confirm a configuration as viable, speed up development in other critical areas etc... Interesting article for sure and I think it highlights exactly how you get unwanted bloat and how to prevent it. Budgeting has always been a dark art, especially for creative work, and adding smart constraints on the front end are some ways to reign things in - however I think this largely applies to the companies who can say the following: "we had plenty of cash in the bank." I know for us our budgeting process is, what is on fire and can our limited amount of cash put it out? Changing gears though, I have to say that I was immediately turned off by Ben quoting a rap lyric at the beginning of his article. Not because I don't like rap, I do, but because of the lyric he chose. I think this one is particularly egregious given that the quote includes the term "nigga" - even though it was of course self censored - which I don't think is particularly appropriate coming from a white man. Not really a big thing, and it doesn't impact the overall message (which is why I think it only hurts things) but it may strike others wrong too. > Lyrics are lyrics, and the ones he quoted in particular have no racial overtones. Except they do, and it matters because they signal group membership. Especially as is concerned with this particular word, there is too much history to throw it around haphazardly. >Lots of songs have the words "cunt" and "motherfucker" Both of which have basically no social stigma beyond simply being vulgar >I called up Mayday four times to pepper its agents with questions. In every case, a person popped up on the screen in under 10 seconds. So a personal assistant just for your phone. That sounds like a fantastic feature. Is it something that can be sustained long term though without paying for it specifically? I guess that question applies to Amazon generally too though, so I guess the answer is "I guess we will see." >Burger King Is Run by Children I don't think Businessweek could have come up with a more patronizing headline if they had tried to. Kudos to Jorge Paulo Lemann, William Ackman and others who can see value regardless of age. >Competency doesn't require fanaticism, and no employer should expect that their employees devote their entire lives to their occupation. Very true. The only problem with that is that when judging between two job candidates, the one who is devoting their entire lives to their occupations is going to be a more desirable hire. >At the very least, that seems to be his expectation of good candidates, and his hiring process clearly disadvantages people who can't or won't code 24/7. Just as the field of competitive Olympians disadvantages people who can't or won't train 24/7 >Maybe if you turned a side project into a real business, or were a senior contributor on a large, long-lived open-source project, or something like that. Well that is exactly the point. The idea of some amazing "code monkey" detached from real life requirements, constraints and development timelines is a fiction and does not represent reality. The best developers have a deep understanding of the tools and the applications and it is that devotion that I am referencing. There are in fact people that think in terms of building new things through code ALL THE TIME - and then implement them. Those people are going to have an advantage in the hiring process. Theoretically, those are the same thing. As a long time reddit user my question is: is there something specific pushing for further monetization? I thought the whole purpose of spinning off from conde nast was to get away from the need to monetize. Why not just match development/maintenance with use? Reddit is well past it's exponential growth phase and is big enough to sustain the community with basically no growth in userbase - so unless I am missing something, this seems like a pure greed play. Profitable is different than sustainable. So why can't it be sustained without being "profitable?" From the article and from what I understand around the site, they aren't losing money, they just aren't making profit from the revenues they have. I don't know what their books look like but it appears from what I have seen that they have pretty thin delta between income and outlays. Amazon has slowly been raising prices, so Alibaba could come and undercut prices but where Amazon has it's best advantage I think is in it's lightning fast delivery. Something that takes more time and infrastructure to compete with. Before you edited it I was going to ask you about this statement: "Instead of dogfooding it, these dentists should hire professional software developers and tell them what features to build based on their knowledge and experience. Then again, everyone is a critic." Isn't that against the HN mantra that everyone should do the development themselves? Perhaps that is why you deleted that part? Feynman was 24 when he joined the Manhattan project - right at the mid/lower end of what you would expect for a Google engineer. The technologies involved are quite different and this new approach radically simplifies the logistics. So where is there a better environment for entrepreneurship? I don't mean theoretically, I mean in practice. Is there a country that has better infrastructure, capital markets, regulation and market size? I am genuinely curious. If you don't have revenue or customers you shouldn't be looking for someone to acquire you. Chances are, if you had a truly disruptive product and you were in the industry/segment that the acquiring agency worked in they would come to you - but if that was the case you wouldn't be asking the question here. In that case the acquiring company would be coming to them. If there is a pinch point that bad that an unproven technology would be implemented before it has traction, any wind of the technology to fix it would draw mice. >IBM reps have been pitching Watson to me for years, but never have we seen an implementation or a commercial offer, much less a demonstration of something of value to us. What exactly have they been pitching you? The ROI on space exploration (currently) is terrible and the only tangible near term solution to that dilemma is asteroid harvesting. That is why SpaceX is predominantly about getting government contracts - outside of satellites (GEO and down) there isn't much economic incentive for humanity. Look, manned spaceflight is cool and there are some really bad ass ideas about space exploration, but the reality is that there really isn't that much in it for us. Our bodies are fundamentally not suited for space travel - so much so that the bulk of on-board systems are life support, making anything else a small portion. What are the goals anyway? I have heard many things like: having a second habitable home for humanity in case (X) happens, or exploration for its own sake. None of these are particularly compelling given the economics behind them. I certainly wouldn't pass up the chance to go to space, but I think it is not where humanity should be putting its energy. >So this is what economics has done to "going boldly"? No wonder it's called dismal science ;-) Yes the economist is typically the buzzkill. To your other point, I think it is silly to think that it would take fewer resources and time to terraform another planet^, than it would be to harden ourselves from disaster. Strike that it's not silly, it's wasteful. ^there are no known planets that are habitable to humans and getting out of our solar system is not feasible for humans given that it is 27,000 ly across Sounds like they don't really know what Watson would be best for and are hoping their customers can tell them. Not a terrible strategy but really doesn't look right coming from IBM. We use the stainless steel Kleen Kanteens for out of the house and nearly unbreakable French glass tumblers from Picardie. Stick with wool mattresses and clothing for infants and toddlers and you should be good - fire resistant, water resistant and very comfortable. All of our big beds are either natural latex mattresses inside ecowool covers or pure wool in a quilted wool cover. I know for a fact that I want to run my own business and attain financial freedom but I can't risk another startup at this moment because: 1. Startups are tough and I am afraid 2. I have a few financial responsibilities towards my family which I have to take care of. I just turned 30 two weeks ago. I am married, have three children and a mortgage. I am leaving the government in December to build my start-up (visidraft.com) into a successful business. The reality is, beyond a certain point your responsibilities will not shrink. The key questions once past that point are: Is your family on board; and is the risk probably worth the payoff? If you can answer yes to the first and maybe/yes to the second then your mind should be eased. Beyond that though, it sounds like you need to figure out where you want to be and then set a path for how to get there. The fact that you had a positive in your favor liquidation event is massive and you should not spit at that. Maybe your path requires you slogging at a regular job for a little while, building up a war-chest to bootstrap the next project. Bottom line is: you need to find a place that you want to be in the future and then determine what your vectors are to get there. Very helpful thanks! Seems like a pretty intuitive interface with decent metrics. Pretty close to the sweet spot between too simple and too hard. Whenever you start something new that is supposed to have prestige, you will always run into the same problems that you have when trying to build both sides of a market. In this case I think they would benefit from artificially restricting supply in order to raise entry barriers to highest performers. I think it is key also to stack the deck from the beginning with prestigious people already affiliated with high status institutions who others want to be associated with but who are also high status on their own - that means scavenging from the institutions which are already high status. Seems like Minerva has been able to do that successfully already. I think the main thing keeping email as the baseline for communication on the internet is it's cost. There has been no other service that can provide such a varied yet simple medium of communication - text, images, video attachments with history and an audit-able trail - for free. The closest that anyone has come have been the big social providers with messaging applications which mimic email in many respects. Even then, they are copying the email model with a branded version - not replacing it. It will take an entirely new and different protocol that simplifies communication with the same or better capability scope to displace email. he actually directly addresses this by stating the standard argument that low skill/resolution jobs are replaced by higher skill/resolution jobs. The issue is not that there will not be new jobs, the issue is that the automation of these new jobs is accelerating - so people cannot adapt fast enough to be able to competently take these new jobs as their old jobs become obsolete. Those graphs look pretty spot on As a urban parent who plans to unschool our three kids, I think this article only gives a single perspective to the unschool movement - namely a rustic one, which happens to be very popular with this movement. What is overshadowed in the article, largely because it is an outdoorsy magazine, is that the philosophy behind unschooling is the difference rather than the specific skills learned. Case in point, my kids will be getting hands on experience with robotics and computing as early as they can read and form abstractions - which includes mathematics and physics education. The distinction is that we will teach at the pace of their understanding and curiosity rather than set milestones in the form of testing. I think your metaphor generalizes too widely however I do agree that done right, unschooling truly is a rich mans school (time, effort and materiel) because it is so narrowly tailored. You have to do some instruction around the edges, but largely the idea is that you offer different avenues for exploration and then they choose which way to go. Homeschooling generally has a fixed curriculum, often as restrictive as traditional schools - so that is the distinction. I love this because it largely debunks the theme that apple simply "stole" the the mouse in a copy-paste fashion. In fact, this article does a great job describing a core capability of engineers: taking something complicated and making it simpler by using other principles. >I'd posit that technical debt gets created because of time pressure, and that it stays because of continued time pressure I think you could boil everything down to "time pressure" and not have any good insights on a problem. For us our technical debt came in the form of resource constraints, namely not having enough money to hire someone to be able to do a task in the most optimal way. Sure we didn't have years and years to learn a new codebase but I don't consider that "time pressure" in the same sense. I do think in general though if you are "hacking" on a product, you are almost by definition not building it in the most optimal way. In general things are left out or overly complex, whether it be documentation or streamlined code or building with a non-native SDK instead of native development technical debt sneaks in there. It is debt though, because as I understand technical debt, it is something that needs to be fixed on a fairly short timeline (6-18 mos) without breaking some major process. As such, so long as you are making more progress due to the debt than you would in paying it back, it is probably wise to keep it. I think this makes sense too, because you can fix hacked code as you go to "pay down" technical debt. Unfortunately that's not how economics works. Inbuilt into your statement are a couple of biases. Chiefly, that on the basis of total economic value: glorified messaging app puts things into orbit and literally does rocket science ...which is not necessarily the case. Now, we can talk all day about whether EMH is accurate or not and if the investors in these companies have "perfect information" or not, but there would have to be pretty conclusive evidence that there is something other than economic forces impacting investors valuation of these companies. Eh, I don't know if one or the other is necessarily correct, I think it is a spectrum and depends on an individual project's situation. So for one company tech debt is something that will cripple them next week and for another it is something that they can manage over a long period; that still matches how we discuss financial debt so I see no conflict. Seems way more commercially focused than is reasonable given that it is NSF funded, especially given the fact that there is nothing technically insurmountable that locks users into one eco-system vs the other. If I am a bootstrapped start-up with a very limited budget, and about 100-150 inbound leads how will spending $30 on this book help me? Great write-up. Something you wrote in there piqued my interest as we encountered a similar problem: our users didn’t send money all that often (a few times a year, on average). Can you say how you guys were able to navigate this problem successfully? We think we found our solution by expanding what we offer, but this problem made segmenting by service use (arguably the best way to monetize) incredibly hard. Agreed, though I would distinguish tech "debt" from using your same tool to solve different problems. In general I would view tech debt as something that you know you are incurring eg. this situation: I know that this hack I am doing is going to need to be fixed later to implement Y, but since we need to implement X right now we have to just get it done This is a clear power play and is playing by the same rules as those that are wearing suits. What dressing like that is saying is, no I don't have to wear the uniform of this culture because I am in a position of informal power. The New Yorker did a piece on that same issue last year: http://www.newyorker.com/business/currency/the-power-of-the-... At the end of the day I am torn on this issue. The idea that competence counts makes sense and that is all that should be judged. However there is something to be said about shared cultural displays and how they fit into a larger team effort. The modern suit is a pretty benign display in the larger scheme of things. Especially if you look at the rumpled messes that check the "suit" block, roaming around government agencies. All that said, I fucking despise having to wear a suit. That Orwellian power is the truly terrifying story there. Only if you somehow consider the app store and mobile infrastructure a public good, which is most certainly is not. There are open source/decentralized options that you are free to use. I can't tell if you're being sarcastic and advocating free software, or openly advocating for autocratic computer systems management I am basically saying that the market can support both but is trending toward user acceptance of the latter. All those EULAs out there are the agreements that make all this possible. If people rejected those terms then we wouldn't be in this pickle. I imagine the CIA/NSA has a crack team of a couple dozen people doing this exact job. There is actually an entire Agency devoted to doing this exact job and other similar activities: https://www.nga.mil/Pages/default.aspx A few recent ones that I had absolutely no idea where to start with: Those actually provide TONS of identifiable features that make them relatively easy to track down with relatively simple tools. Perhaps I didn't select the hardest from the recent archive. My basic point was more to show that people have the tools to a lot more digging with a lot less context. Sure. Not intended to be a slight, more a nod to our Defense brethren doing this with a lot harder targets! This is a big debate in my household. I look at the clear stand-out stars of the world and it is undeniable that the vast majority of them started working on some aspect of their talent between 4 and 6. Whether it be Golf (Tiger woods), Violin (Itzhak Perlman), Cello (Yo-Yo Ma) Mathematics (Neumann) or really any other field, the absolute dominant people started early - even holding the prodigies aside. Most importantly though these people were able to cultivate their talents in an environment that encouraged practice and dedication. I think the right answer is that a 4 year old should be exposed to many different things, see what they gravitate towards and then given narrow and focused instruction on that[1]. I used to believe in the idea of working on weaknesses, but that is only a good way to be "well rounded" - which is almost worthless today. If you want to really excel in the world you need to be the best at a narrow skill and you do that by working really hard at what you are already naturally good at from as early as possible. [1]I will say that people do need cross-disciplinary knowledge to really make breakthroughs in fields so that is an important aspect that should be taken into consideration Here is a study from Chess: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17201516 Admittedly though, most of my source is from individual informal research on domain specific experts to determine commonalities between them. What I found was common among them was that they were working on some core concept of the field, or the practice itself very early. I would venture to guess there is a longitudinal or statistical study out there somewhere which gives more quantifiable information on the question. For every Woods or Perlman, how many kids grew to absolutely hate an activity because instead of it being fun or developing, it became the hangup of a parent expecting their child to be an extreme exception? How many simply weren't standouts, so they spent much of their youth forced to do an activity that they ended up being merely average at? Except that is exactly not what I am proposing and is the kneejerk reaction to the idea of cultivating talent. I find it extremely frustrating that people immediately turn the discussion into retroactive mirroring based on what bad parents have done to their kids, as though it is the natural outcome of this kind of cultivation. Are we so mentally handicapped that it is impossible to see that while the tactic of forcing a child to do something will inevitably lead to failure, early specialization is a real indicator of future success in a field? Here it is laid out all simple like: 1: Provide a variety of options and environments for children to demonstrate their abilities (physical, mathematical, grammatical etc...) 2: Identify what domains the child is gravitating for work/play 3: Identify where within those domains the child is showing a naturally proclivity 4: Narrowly tailor instruction and opportunity to cultivate proclivity within that domain Very simple. No coercion (outside of the standard required for preschoolers) needed. See my other comment - you are putting onto my words your own coercive bias. Said simply: It is much easier to gain generalist capabilities than it is narrow domain capabilities as you age. The idea here is to harness the extreme plasticity of the growing brain toward a narrow domain while still introducing some broad concepts around the edges. If they are great at something, and develop talents that make them world famous, that would be cool. Except that's not how it works. Every child who is great at something was great because the environment was conducive to that development. It doesn't mean you should run them into the ground about it. Of course not, is there any evidence that doing so has a net positive return? Why even discuss that point? You can't say the well rounded are any more or less worthy or worthless than the superstars. All are needed and all are as valuable as one another. Disagree. You can replace the generalist performing a function on this "machine" and still have the same result. Not so for the superstar. But it takes the watchmaker, the generalist who understands the value of all the pieces together, who has the skill (and a lot of patience) to bring them together as a whole that makes the result something useful. While that all feels good and makes us all think we are beautiful snowflakes with real positive contributions that make an impact, the reality seems to not comply. Of course the idea that any one input is equally important than all other parts is not a falsifiable contention. To wit: If the CTO (specialist) left our company it would fail basically immediately with no one able to come in and replace him. If I the CEO (generalist) left there are tons of people who could come in and run it probably as well. This is an example of something most people in this community have probably experienced at one time of another and proves my point. We as a community think we can augment this by requiring clean code standards with comments and distribute code so that individuals aren't irreplaceable but in fact it is often still the case. Excellent point and I think highlights the temporal nature of most specialized capabilities. Something I never quite understood about languages was why they are restricted to one or another domain. For example the author writes: Algebraic types? Dependent types? You'll never see them. They're too ... research-y Why can't those features be baked into C++ or Java? Seems like this would be tricky to structure in a term sheet to make sure parties were happy - I know investors generally aren't in favor of option pools that are not in their favor. Am I off base on that thought? Your metaphor does not work. In this case it's not about simply "not liking the result", it is about not producing functional work. If a lawyer does not perform their role competently you absolutely can get a "refund" [1]. There is way too little information in either of these posts for the community to make as definitive statements or recommend COAs as you have. [1] http://www.calbar.ca.gov/Public/Pamphlets/ProblemwithaLawyer... This seems like a terrible forum for both the original complaint and this response. There doesn't seem to be any good that can come for either side or the HN community. My approach is basically a mix between a conversation and a mini-work experience. At any point we have dozens of problems we need fixed or new features implemented. So after some pleasantries the question is, so we have X problem how would you go about fixing it? We want to implement Y feature, where would you look for implementations we can integrate or would you build from scratch and why? etc... I also have people play this game and see how they work through the challenges: http://armorgames.com/play/4309/this-is-the-only-level I'm mixed on this. I have a full time job and have a growing side business that I am going to be transitioning to my full time job in December. On the one hand it is critical for myself and my family to have income while we bootstrap. Our business is in the position where we need money to go full time but can't get money till we are able to devote full time effort to it - and even then it's not a guarantee that we will make enough in the first few months to sustain my family and my co-founders families until we have a market breakthrough. Oh the flip side, not only is your life insane but nobody really wants to touch you because you can't be 100% devoted right then. Investors don't like part-time people, partners don't like part time people and you have a hard time recruiting people to work part time on the side. Not only that but there is a constant nagging feeling in the back of your head that "you're late to the party" and some competitor is going to eat your lunch simply by putting in more hours. So there are goods and bads and I think the answer is that it depends on your life situation and what you are trying to build. >He raised $1 million from friends and family and started his own hedge fund, Thiel Capital. Hence the major difference between him and everyone else, including Stanford Alum, Sullivan & Cromwell Lawyers...somehow he found himself $1M. There is no way I or really most people, could go out today and from the people I know gather $1M I simply do not know people with those kinds of pockets. Basically. We did found a Montessori school this last year that my wife is the owner/lead teacher of that will bring in a reasonable amount of income, though nowhere near my current salary. > If you are involved in startups, you should have other friends and acquaintances who are running startups. Some of them will be funded and you will at most be one or two steps away from a billionaire like Thiel. You should have these friends not because of money but because you need people who have similar struggles as you. All very true, however that is a different context than Thiel and a few others mentioned in this thread (Gates etc...). The difference is really in the "Terms" or lack thereof and the proofs. Yes it is true that I can reach out and touch a handful of millionaires, and in fact spoke with a few yesterday on a conference call. However they weren't "Friends and Family" like the Thiel/Gates case, they were businessmen looking at me like a potential asset/liability. The relationship and the bar for getting their money is completely different and I think not comparable. Very helpful and something we have worried about as well. The embodiment problem is well discussed in AGI literature, despite there being no consensus. This does not raise problems for "Strong AI" (AGI), this raises problems for people who do not understand that there are no scope limitations for AGI. I do find it frustrating that topics in AGI are discussed as though no one has thought about them. This year for example there were about 90 attendees at the AGI conference in Quebec, however there were numerous AGI topics discussed at both AAAI and the CogSci conference. So not only is the small group growing but more is being discussed in the more mainstream groups. With Amazon, Bezos is deferring that profit-producing, investor-rewarding day almost indefinitely into the future. This prompts the suggestion that Amazon is the world’s biggest ‘lifestyle business’ – Bezos is running it for fun, not to deliver economic returns to shareholders, at least not any time soon. Sorry but that is ridiculous. Look at the stock price for Amazon. Anyone who has invested in Amazon has seen an amazing unprecedented ride upward, institutional benefiting the most. I also take umbrage with the idea that Bezos is running Amazon for "fun" as though it is frivolous. Bezos seems to have a grand vision and that is not something that matches with the ridiculously short term and arguably irresponsible thinking of the vast majority of investors. We collectively need to get away from the idea that the only valid fiduciary duty for a for-profit organization is to make profit for their shareholders instead of creating value for humanity.[1] [1] This is refuting the broader point that Benedict Evans is making, and does not necessarily apply to Amazon perfectly. Perhaps I am dense but how else could you possibly interpret the quote that I cited? Suggesting - even if lightly - that Bezos is running Amazon for "fun" and as a "lifestyle business", especially in the light of the great analysis done above it, indicates that the author looks at any business that has very long term goals as inferior to those who are solely focused on turning profits back to shareholders. The other replies to this aside, I think the assumption inherent in your question is myopic. I know for myself, my motivation to get capital (profits) is so I can build things that improve decision making, increase longevity and in the end expand knowledge worldwide. Perhaps Bezos has motivations that are along the same lines and this is how he is achieving them. We get local pasture raised eggs every week from a co-op. You are correct in that they are different, they taste meatier, they are smaller and vary in size more, the yolks are darker yellow and they last much longer on the shelf. Oh and they don't need to be refrigerated; and some of them still have chicken poop on them. Overall I like them much better. This concept seems to elude people, but the value of a company that never makes a profit is precisely $0. As others have stated profits = revenue - expenses. In this case they are positive on the right hand, even if slightly, so they are in fact making profits. Your time horizon is also wrong and assumes that there needs to be a singular point where the top level goal becomes making profit, rather than profit being a byproduct of a top level goal of adding value. I also disagree with your assertion that value comes solely from profit. >Why isn't remote working catching on more? Right now 100% of my startup team is remote. There are definite advantages, but as far as we are all concerned we think the disadvantages outweigh the advantages. Why? Because the communications mediums available still do not give the resolution we need to communicate optimally. Even with Skype/join.me/freedcamp etc... the turn around time for decision making is orders of magnitude slower with remote teams than it is with co-located teams - especially when you are on different time zones and in different continents. A perfect example is when we wanted to implement a design and UX change on our beta website. The change came at my request after visiting a customer and went to the CTO and the design lead. The CTO started working on the back-end about an hour after I sent the message, but it was almost a day later that the design lead got the message because he was 8 hours behind. We needed some of the design pieces before the front end could be finished and tied together with the back end. About a day later the design lead finished the design and committed the change. At which point it was midnight US time so another 8 hours till the commit could be integrated. We realized we needed a slight change so we had to repeat this process. The whole thing ended up being a couple days for something that would have taken maybe two hours total had we all been in house. These lags add up very quickly and have pushed something that would take a day of turn around to nearly a week. That was exactly my point. The latter portion of the post was not specifically applicable to Amazon, but was refuting the author's point of view. Two questions: first, in a zero-sum model, why is human exploration of the moon more worthy than other similar unfunded projects? In an non zero-sum model, why is it worthy enough to justify growing the funding pie for science projects? It's not in either case in my opinion, and I would argue is it significantly less worth than those other projects. I always feel like a curmudgeon when the topic of manned space travel comes up or really space exploration in general. From my perspective I see literally thousands of ambitious projects yearly that go unfunded that would do mankind magnitudes more good than sending people into space or generally peering upward. I have heard the arguments ad-nausea for why investment in space exploration has a positive ROI and find none of them compelling. No, the handful of "dreamers" that it produces is not worth the billions of dollars, No, the handful of technologies [1] that we can find terrestrial use for as a byproduct are not worth the billions of dollars spent. If invisible braces were that big of a need we likely could have found the solution through much cheaper means. We should be putting our money into Fusion, AGI and longevity research. Not walkabouts on the moon. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASA_spin-off_technologies Problem is, I'm not sure how you would actually implement a good, probabilistic safety system that largely keeps people safe, but acknowledges bad, random things occasionally happen, and that line folks are your best defense for seeing and stopping it. Through the engineering process though you can generally have an idea where your weakest/unsafe points are based on previous studies. I see no reason that one couldn't stack those failure points into a probabilistic matrix and then apply mitigation methods around those points. The acceptance of random failure as something largely unavoidable though is something that can't be engineered away it's a human trait. Just as tire blowout on an 18 wheeler doesn't necessarily mean you failed in safety design for that tire, the subsequent balance load shift is the un-recognized catastrophe mitigation built in to the system. Yet people will still focus on the tire. Not so much for making sure the species survives. What do you see as the long term (100,000 year) future of the Human race? The species you are describing (us) evolved to be successful in the specific environment of the earth. We know enough about our solar system from terrestrial based observation to determine that there is no other habitable planet for humans within our solar system. Moving us somewhere else without significantly changing our biology or having the unlimited resources to terraform and build synthetic atmospheres would be an exercise in futility given the insane costs. On the other hand if we are able to live long enough to build Fusion ("free" energy), build superhuman AGI to help us optimize our decisions and activities, and become blended with technology such that our biological limitations are removed, space exploration is trivial. The reality is though that even if we lived in a market utopia that most efficiently allocated resources, resources are still limited. So in practical terms we do need to prioritize. You say that as though we can't do both. In theory we can, but in reality we can't. That is not how, historically we allocate resources. And who's to say it has to be a government that does this? Actually I don't say that at all and intend fully to be on the train for one of these breakthroughs in the private sector. Companies like SpaceX are stepping up and picking up NASA's slack at a rapid pace. NASA "invested" 500M into SpaceX long ago. The USG also picked up most of the bill for the Falcon 9 if I remember correctly. I think SpaceX is doing great stuff but lets not get too excited about market demand for space exploration. The bulk of these programs look at earth, which I think are valuable and useful. I think Musk is going to find that he has trouble finding a robust market for manned exploration - the ROI (in every way) just isn't there. That's valid, but why do individuals have to live long enough? So that we can build the technologies that will preserve their "information." Think about it like this, all great breakthroughs were enabled because people were able to transform their thoughts to written or spoken word. Most people do not have this ability, yet the amount of insight worldwide is innumerable. For example first hand accounts of the 1920's are very quickly going away. If we can extract these insights and extend their metaphors longer, the pace of our breakthroughs will expand because we will have better data to compare to. If that is the case, maintaining both research tracks in parallel seems perfectly rational to me. Agree completely, which is part of the whole transhumanist thing. I was simply stating it as a condition for exploration - one that few explorers acknowledge. Nobody knew how to land on the moon or control nuclear fission either... We have already thrown money at these problems Not even close. There is no "Manhattan Project" for any of those like there was for the space race/nuclear bomb. If the same amount of resources were put toward AGI ($ *All figures inflation adjusted Exactly right. I raced in college and it was well known that shaving was for making it easier to deal with injuries/massage. A bit of it is also in-group/out-group signaling. I feel like there is a lot of beating the dead horse with this issue. Is there (holding the jingoistic flag wavers aside) any real disagreement on the conclusion that the US healthcare system is terrible for the average user - such that we need continual reminder? Didn't the whole ACA debate prove that yes, we get it it's broken and there is major popular support for changes, even if the actual changes made were not themselves popular by a plurality? Wow, that gets expensive very quickly especially at 3 messages/sec. Assuming the average user gets only one burst of three messages per query, uses it only twice a day for 200 days a year and the service gets only 10,000 users signed up, the costs just to send the texts for the next year alone would be $90,000. Seems like it will be hard to scale but I agree that this is a really cool way to get connectivity! Best of luck. I have stated this previously to the AGI community and think that the way to go is that QA recommendation engines will be the first killer app for AGI. Not recommendation like the ones you see now with the "others who bought...", but ones that look more like "concierge" QA services. From what I understand from speaking with Selmer Bringsjord, Bloomberg has an outstanding internal QA system, so there is progress, the trouble is that it's all behind corporate firewalls. There was a silly little online game that came out a few years ago called Akinator [1] that would "guess" a public personality and did so by "learning" based on user inputs - very naiive implementation of CTL but gets the gist of how you can implement a mock AI to get damn good results. If you did a little delphi to stack the initial deck of results, say for a car buying QA recommendation service, I think you could have a pretty powerful tool that could be replicated across services. [1] http://en.akinator.com/ I'm really glad to see AR on the list, we are excited to be at the inflection point of that medium. As someone who has used similar services (not Homejoy) the hardest part is quality control and consistency. For this type of service you typically give a rundown to the first crew for what you need, places to avoid etc... they also do tend to be late or not on the time they say they will be at the place of employment. With rotating crews this process has to be repeated each time, and the results are always very different. I would much prefer a more personalized service that is a bit more expensive, but keeps the crew consistent and gives better benefits. Sadly these are very hard to find. Right, it might be worth it for a certain market at these prices, especially if internet service/smartphones aren't available. If they can just get those SMS costs down it would be much easier to scale. Single-person households are included in the family calculations. This skews the numbers considerably. The overall point is certainly well made, however "family" to me means at minimum 1 parent and 1 child. We weren’t going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build. So is this only a good response because apple succeeded so well or should they have done market research and done even better? I ask because the logic for every startup is do market research (now called validation) in some fashion - even if it is the landing page approach. I guess I am asking, prior to the success of the Mac would any business person have gone along with the "no market research" approach? Jobs: No, I’m afraid not in computers. His definition was focused on computing. Even then, Tesla was decidedly not hatched in a garage. * It has always annoyed me that there's a loud contingent of people that object to human space travel on the basis it's not the most efficient way to conduct science, because that is not the point of it. It is a signal of intent, throwing the baton far into the future and hoping to reach it and somehow making it, with innumerable side benefits. What we've lost is the entire will for moonshots, and no one in society is engaged in anything like it.* Disagree completely. I am firmly in the camp against manned space travel however I am also firmly in the camp of "moonshots" when it comes to things that have value for their stated purpose. See the problem with manned spacetravel is that, at it's core it is not an immediately valuable end. It will always be only a means to some other end. It's not like "science" in that it is a repeatable process that covers many domains - if you are doing manned spaceflight then the goal is basically "lets drive around." Given the scale of problems we have on terra, manned spaceflight is actually pretty silly - hence why it took a pissing contest WAR to get us to go drive around on the moon. This reads really interestingly to me. Things like: Then I’d show the sales reps a long list of initiatives they needed to look for in companies Once the sales and marketing teams have uncovered these initiatives (as well as the critical capabilities that need to be in place for the initiative to be successful), they can begin to define the unique value proposition. This data is almost never public, so it couldn't be found by just doing your standard research on a company from the outside. The only way you get this kind of stuff is with an access agent. What this article basically says, without saying it, is that your sales team needs to be Human Intelligence officers out there recruiting individuals from large organizations to be champions for your product. Nothing new here[1][2]certainly as this is a fantastically useful way to do business, but you had better know how to do it right or you look like an idiot. It also means you really need to hire top notch sales people. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Work-Like-Spy-Business-Officer/dp/1591... [2} http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:W6r6dsv... There is saying in the military that is pretty good rule of thumb for these kinds of things: Praise in public, punish in private Agreed completely, it definitely felt rushed and not particularly well prepared - thus reading off of the paper. That said, the content is strong and for the desired audience it is all probably novel, besides the fact that this was day 1 of a new course. When I thought about it more though, it seems like the idea of the class is more of a lecture series style than traditional instruction anyway. I remember seeing a video from the Facebook server engineering/maintenance crews and was really impressed with all that they were doing. “Many silo these engineering teams –server, storage, database, [and so forth]. We don’t create these barriers,” Does anyone know how they are structurally organized? I also wonder who directed that all of these innovations be standard, eg. was it Zuckerberg, Sandberg, Corddry or what? When I was a U.S. government employee I took 34 days of paid paternity leave when my daughter was born and 28 days when my son was born two years apart. The notion that the U.S. doesn't have paternity leave is totally unfounded. In fact, the U.S. Government as an employer has pretty damn strong maternity/paternity leave policies.[1] I know of many private companies that also have great maternity/paternity leave policies.[2] People seem to want the government to mandate the private sector implement these policies, however the U.S. Code is not structured in a way that encourages restrictions on private companies in this way. [1] http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/leave-adm... [2] http://www.workingmother.com/best-companies/ibm-9 I suppose I should have worded it differently. The structural process of changing the U.S. Code is not conducive to encourage restrictions on private industries. Enjoying seeing these lectures. One thing sticks in my craw that Sam mentioned as common with these young founder startups: "Learning just a little bit of management skill, which first time CEO's are terrible at goes a long way" Sam goes on to discuss how shit management is kind of par for the course in young startups. It seems to me like getting this part wrong would be the death knell for any company and Sam went on to mention an example of someone who had multiple turnovers/"massive team churn." As someone who has been a front line supervisor for almost 7 years these are absolutely basic fundamental day 1 skills that any manager should have, like giving credit and taking blame. Yet investors don't give a shit about these types of things and basically assume they don't matter - until they are causing problems. I guess I just find it frustrating that teams with this management dynamic are getting serious money, especially with all we know about management. Here is a demonstration of micropsi from this year's AGI 2014 conference - the video isn't that great but Joscha gives a great talk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1RXbYMTz7Y Nottingham anticipates bigger results from the firm’s latest play: HealthSpot, a kiosk that comes with pull-out medical instruments and a high-definition screen that allows for remote, yet face-to-face, medical appointments. Interesting video here: http://www.healthspot.net/solutions/healthspot-station/ ...however this feels way too close to the idiocracy medical scanning machine: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIktqjfsB_0 The Ray Rice video for the financial sector has arrived. Not even close. That metaphor would only be apt if there was literally video of a Federal Reserve employee accepting cash from an employee of a major bank with an explicit statement from the bank saying something along the lines of "So you're going to keep the interest rates low so we can keep doing bond arbitrage instead of lowering rates for consumer lending right?" Even then most people wouldn't care because they have no idea how financial institutions work. So this came out a few years ago [1] and then it seemed like it just disappeared. This is the second or third thing I have seen on this in just a few days. What happened in the interim? [1] http://blog.123dapp.com/2011/12/3d-scanning-for-posterity This is what Tim Ferris famously advocated in the four hour workweek back in 2007 [1] [1] http://fourhourworkweek.com/2007/03/22/how-to-check-e-mail-t... The CDS advocates that an employer monitor insider actions 60 days prior to termination and for 60 days after termination. This is a strawman based on faulty statistics. The 60 day window largely falls on the front-end of the firing scenario and is often the cause for firing. If the employer has advance knowledge of, say the end of a contract period, then this is possible, however the biggest leaks have come from people who are not on the tail end of known contracts. I didn't see anything in this article that is new or unique to the insider threat protection - and does all the same stuff that all previous protection programs do: look at all employees as future threats. The best insider threat program is a combination of good compensation, good communication, clear expectations and high work engagement. No insider threat ever was enthusiastic about their job, engaged with other employees and wanted to excel in their position. Someone who is unhappy is a threat, the best way to combat that is to be doing something they find worthwhile and being compensated fairly for it. There already is one [1], it just has no power because no one joins it. People forget the requirement of unions where it's member/non-member ratio is at an equilibrium where employers are compelled to negotiate with the union. Every time I have ever seen this issue come up, the loudest voices in the community are vehemently against it. The argument goes that software engineers are too creative and valuable to simply be replaced like so many union workers. See thread here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/9481/are-ther... I think the real answer is that the ethos/personality/philosophy of a large swath of software engineers does not jive with collective organization. Also the market is such that developers are on the top of the pile and thus do not need to organize. [1] http://www.iww.org/unions/dept500/iu560 Clearly, however I don't think you even need to go that far. Most trades and especially those that fall into the IWW 400 category require quite a bit of skill and creativity to produce quality work. Right, there is currently no upside for individual developers to unionize because there is massive demand and low barriers to entry. What unionizing would do is create a quality floor for development, which would be good for businesses but less immediately beneficial for individual developers. Until barriers rise or the market is completely flooded with good developers, thus causing wages to plummet, unionization won't happen. This is one of the only articles I have read that keeps Musk's Mars vision in check with doses of reality throughout: On Mars, the best we can expect is a crude habitat, erected by robots...US colonies from Roanoke to Jamestown suffered similar social breakdowns, in environments that were Edenic by comparison...For all we know, revolutions in energy, artificial intelligence and materials science could be imminent. Any one of them would make human spaceflight a much easier affair. The only thing that makes me feel better is that Musk seems to not be thinking through it all the way...and I mean that in the best way possible. At this point, from what I can tell he's still an evangelist and isn't putting resources to solving the minutiae of how to live on Mars. He is so laser focused on the logistics that he likely wants to leave practicalities of the biology problem to someone else. What? The landscape of Mars is actively hostile to human biology. Even the absolute worst case scenario of climate change on earth is infinitely better for human life than Mars. is it reasonable for us to spend more money on space exploration than lipstick? This is a textbook false dichotomy. Almost everything that is a long term investment falls prey to things which offer marginal benefit. But the thing is, most things that we say will "wipe us off the planet" actually leave Earth still more habitable than Mars is today. Exactly right, how this escapes people I am unsure. The absolute worst climate predictions, asteroid impacts or seismic events wouldn't be nearly as hard to recover from than trying to get to and then live for a single day on Mars. James Soiles, a deputy chief of operations at the Drug Enforcement Administration, said the stakes in resolving the dispute are high. Stakes for who? For LEA of course they are, they make the job much harder. Maybe this will help end the drug war and some of the other silly things we do. What will happen to reddit gold? Just a interesting note: Currently (5PM EST) this news is #16 on the reddit front page with only 545 comments. I figured it would have been higher given the gravity. Looks like it is going to be a cryptocurrency: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8390136 I was really hoping this article would be about how massive companies were built (billion dollar or otherwise) before the invention of the "startup." Something along these lines: http://startupguide.com/world/the-history-of-entrepreneurshi... with less use of the word "entrepreneur" as PG expressed his distaste as such. The way I see it, this is better implemented with AR and CV using specific items as "markers" than with a "nearby lookup" table. The thing you want may be across a highway and still be near making the listing somewhat imprecise. The range of interactions is also greater with AR, as it gives the ability to be triggered (eg. highlighted) just by looking at it with the AR camera. I'm a good way through Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller, Sr. So far it has given a lot of insight into his upbringing and general history that would be the bedrock of his philosophy. Hopefully it gets into how he identified and executed on his business strategies. Almost exactly this comment comes up in every thread that talks about start-up culture, or one that discusses internal dynamics in successful high growth start-ups. There is a kind of "formula" that is thrown around in the startup world as the ingredients of successful startups before they really get huge: - Small teams - Very fast growth of user base - Less than robust technical infrastructure - Obsessive and arguably irrationally enthusiastic founders Why all these? Because they are CHEAP to start and stop and feedback is immediate and focused on the team. They are also pretty fragile, hence why you need people who will persevere in the face of insane obstacles. In a startup it you will have too few people for all of the tasks that you need which requires a certain type of personality, someone super flexible, adaptable and dedicated to expanding your capabilities no matter what. Thiel et al. are not describing work environments of people who want a comfortable life as a first goal. They are describing work environments of people who are rabidly pursuing a massive goal (hold aside for a moment judgements about what those goals should be). I am unsure why this post almost always shows up on these types of discussions, considering that this forum is arguably for the rabidly focused founders, rather than just people who are technology focused. I think you missed a critical piece about economies of scale. A larger company would likely be able to negotiate a lower per-instance cost for a "perk" than an employee would be able to get themselves. Hence if you "just paid them more" with the idea that they would be going to get that same perk, it would cost some multiple more given that they don't have the same purchasing power as the company. You can disagree that they would go and choose the same perk, but this line of reasoning assumes that there is no consistency of preferences eg. Gourmet coffee or good food is fungible as a perk regardless of the provider. Well, in the adult world, you hire mature, professional people who learn to work with each other and overcome their differences. You just described a specific personality trait - that of someone who can moderate their desires in order to get along with the broader group. This is exactly the same reasoning that people are looking for with "culture fit" - they are looking for a very specific personality trait. This cannot and should not be the way that people conduct business in the tech world. Why? The tech world, like any other business place, is a mixture of people with different attitudes and personalities. If you clearly would have a personality clash with someone, why would it be worth hiring them? If what I _do_ is be a Google employee and all I _am_ is a Google employee, what room is there left to grow? Because it is itself the process of growing. It is an intermediate phase. Using myself as an example I know where I want to be in the next 20 years, but I also know there are some intermediate steps to get there. All of those require my identity to be tied to the thing I am working on in order for me to 1. Truly dedicate the work needed to make it successful and 2. signaling to the world that I am tied to these successes and organizations. You know that Elon musk (or insert person) was part of Paypal/SpaceX/Tesla/SolarCity (or insert company) because he ties his personality to it. Is it possible anymore to just want to work hard on an interesting problem, or do I really have to be a "fanatic" about it? Not if you want to create a billion dollar company as a founder - which is basically the point of VC backed startups. If you want to just work at one, then sure, but that is not what this article is about. Easy, because they have the knowledge and experience you need for the job. Right but there are tons of people who have that - it's worth waiting for someone with both that and the cultural fit. As was mentioned in one of the lectures on "How to start a startup" Airbnb took 5 months to find their first hire for exactly this purpose. I simply don't believe you can be something external to yourself. Certainly you can trick yourself into thinking that it is who you are (in whatever "phase" of life you are in), but again, IMO, that is a reductive line of thinking. That's the crux of it and I think is wrong with lot's of examples to prove otherwise. Look at any U.S. Marine. They ARE Marines, or any Olympic athlete, they are whatever their sporting role is. Of course setting up the idea as though the only way to do it is to "trick yourself" makes it impossible to refute so I will just leave it at this: Common startup wisdom seems to believe that if you want to be the founder of a billion dollar company, you probably need to "trick yourself," or however you want to say it, into believing you are your company. The article doesn't really examine productivity, it is examining wages. To wit: industrial automation has grown 6% YOY since 2003[1]. Manufacturing is up worldwide and robotic integration is exploding, not to mention software automation. The reality is that these increases are not labor productivity, but capital productivity. You also won't see these productivity numbers easily on a balance sheet because they currently take longer to find return on value when doing replacement work than scaling human labor. This is largely because it takes time to transition labor force into a new role within a company or out of the company altogether. At the end of the day though, from a labor productivity perspective, there is no raison detre to pay workers more for doing less unless they are providing more value per time period. While history has shown show that technology does not eliminate jobs, merely creates new ones, the pace at which this is occurring is increasing [2] and is arguably faster than workers can adapt. This is also not to even mention where finance is putting investments, being far from what I would consider proportional with respect to consumer goods and industrial technology base. In the end, there is every reason to believe that as capital takes more share of the work, there will be less work and thus less pay for labor. That is unless the market for labor, in places which are not yet ready for automation, grows in such a way that it can absorb transitioning workers and new entrants. I don't really see that happening without some major changes in the ethos of how we allocate "value" to labor and define "work." [1] http://www.thefinancialist.com/automation-a-trend-thats-stic... [2] http://www.technologyreview.com/featuredstory/515926/how-tec... Looks like they blew past their valuation projections from 2011: http://www.pitchenvy.com/gallery/square-pitch-deck/ How often do people really plan trips? For the typical working adult, probably once or twice a year if you're lucky. This is exactly why this doesn't work. There are tons of things that people do that need fixing, but they do them so rarely that the costs of adopting the new way of doing it are significant when compared to the cost of just doing it the old way. Said another way, very few people are going to take an hour to learn a new process which would otherwise only take two hours a year to do. edit: This also is a way that a start-up could go super wrong and not know it until they try to scale. Identified pain point, good solution, engaged users with a real problem use it once and then it drops off completely. Talk about frustrating! This is really cool! I agree with the author a bit, however I think his concern stems from the fact that it was largely because he did not know it was going to happen. I also think that Doctorow's dismissal of his concerns as "trivial on the scale" is silly and somewhat arrogant. Automated alteration of a picture to the point of making a new picture non-discernible from an original is a real different thing. In this case it was very subtle, but the application of this could really have some broad impacts. I recall for example the doctored photo from Iranian missile launches [1] or the Egyptian PM red carpet photoshop [2]. Yes this has been going on forever, but automating it makes the impacts really scale quickly. [1] http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/07/10/in-an-iranian-im... [2] http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/sep/16/mubarak-doctore... I should note that I don't have any special information about AutoAwesome, so my knowledge is based on the blog post. The author seemed to be surprised which makes me think it was unplanned, but I might have just been reading into it. Sounds easy but in practice it's not. There is a surprising amount of high speed things flying around at altitude. Not to mention that RCS reductions aren't always just about reduction, but also obfuscation. Path was basically founded on the idea of Dunbar's number and that didn't work out so well. I think they assumed people wanted deeper connections with their friends online than folks really did. This article backs that up pretty well. It is interesting the conclusion about the thinning of relationships and what the impacts of that are. I agree that you can likely form very strong bonds over the web but I don't think at this point they can replace actual physical interaction for the majority of people. Metadata collection at it's finest! Seriously this is very interesting and could be valuable. Expect that it will get fixed soon though. All of those were government projects. And two were either completely or largely secret at that, because they were intended to address an "existential threat" on the horizon. Good luck getting the government behind anything like that anymore. Unless we have some otherworldly threat or something that MIGHT challenge US dominance in short order I don't see any big projects coming out of the U.S. government. This basic idea was my first startup back in 2007 before the Startup boom. Obviously didn't really go anywhere but if someone wanted to do it, it would be much easier now with smartphones and a consumer group that is more receptive to this kind of thing. We were even written up in the Houston press: http://www.houstonpress.com/2007-10-11/news/night-of-terror/... I realize you're being cynical but I disagree anyway given "pervasive surveillance" doesn't have a singular goal or accomplishment criteria. We think access is broadening out the network so that everybody who could contribute can get access to the network. And that’s the one that we’re working on. I would like to hear a lot more about this. Being on the east coast the Silicon Valley crowd or even just the ethos around it seem totally foreign. I will say I am somewhat connected in the D.C. area and I have heard from many Angels and VC's that the east coast will never look like SV simply because the money that is here is not like SV money - it's too tied up, needs too much due diligence and investors are too tightly wound as advisers/board members. I don't know if that is true, and we are seeing huge growth in the Startup scene here, but it certainly feels much more restrictive than what you see on HN and read about how SV money/networks get thrown around. Ive been home brewing for about 8 years now and have wanted this thing for a while. No big mess, no overboiling, clean-up is easy, kegging immediately. Awesome I didn't get into homebrewing so I could spend all my time cleaning, and this would cut down on that significantly. I have always done full grain. The bags don't get good conversion yields in my opinion cause the grain really only gets good exposure around the outside. I have seen/had a few of my friends' extract brews and I agree they are much simpler, in some cases the beers were about on par too. Even more-so a place like 4chan, hence why it seems to churn out memes and follow on's more than anywhere else. These tales are infuriating. As an aside, I think it's really hard to get clean terms when you're outside silicon valley Which is the whole point. I was told point blank by Cooley that no one outside of the valley will ever do SAFE because it is different. They also will never do post money options pools which are what YC seems to push for. So good luck everyone else (myself included). This isn't for charity. In my opinion this startup school is intended to pump college students into the VC environment so that they (Private funds) can capture as many young, smart talents as possible to add to their portfolios. At the end of the day the "Startup" world is the world of finance, and I think the explosive crop of high risk private equity (Angel, VC, hedge) investors are trying to get as many "makers" into it as possible. Whether this is good for the new entrants or not is too early to tell. I think it probably is when compared to the alternatives, but my guess is that I am missing something. That's awesome and congrats, but my guess is you are an outlier and probably have some significant leverage in your market. Sadly, you are correct. The AGI conference this year was about 84 people total. Growing, but nowhere near where it needs to be. All great points, but you are also missing the context. Altman and PG and Andreesen aren't talking about starting businesses that are generally sustainable or considered "lifestyle." They are specifically and narrowly focused on trying to build $1BN+ dollar companies that have insane growth rates in competitive markets. You can't "miss things" in that context - especially strategic investments - because they will be picked up by competitors who will "out hustle" you. I feel like the YC folks either haven't done a good enough job clarifying that they don't speak for "all businesses generally" or the community is assuming that they are. I don't think he's rejecting them because he isn't saying "I'm building a slower business" or "I'm not looking for explosive growth" - things I have seen people say that indicate they know the distinction and are rejecting it. Agreed on the building vs investing - however my point stands, they are pushing forward the mantra of MASSIVE disruptive companies. To the rest of your points, in my opinion those factors are held ceteris paribus compared to how hard you hustle - largely because they are generally out of your control, that is unless you are hustling. As an example, I had NO (as in zero) network in the Angel/VC startup world in D.C. 2 years ago. Now I have quite a robust network and it wasn't because I knew someone, it was because we were building something great and I went out found who was who and talked to them. It didn't take over my life, and still doesn't but it does take up as much as possible. I am after all typing on here. I have a T420 and I generally agree, but since the OP mentioned he will still be working with OSX, that means he will probably set up a VM on it. Since this is exactly what I do, I will say that running XCODE with the emulator in OSX (iAtkos) on the VM is painfully slow even with Maxed everything. I would strongly suggest scaling back a bit on the ThinkPad settings and also having a Macbook for OSX/iOS dev. I think it also depends on what OP is developing - ours is super heavy 3D graphics intensive so that is why we need as few layers between us and hardware as possible. I'm excited to see that museums are going to start integrating AR into their displays. There are some really easy implementations there which have the ability to create some awesome user experiences. As a skydiver I am super upset that I didn't know this was happening! I'd love to see video of it and see if he had better control than Felix. We almost lost him and I wonder if Alan had implemented controls to prevent a bad spin. On another note, I love that he used the suit only instead of a diving bell - completely simplifying the whole process. It's arguably more dangerous, but not by much.