I wrote a paper on what we thought was the optimal strategy for the beer game. My team won a beer game session run at the system dynamics society conference about 10 years ago. 1. Push all the inventory to the end of the supply chain (the retailer). 2. Run the inside of the supply chain on a "pass-through" strategy - order exactly what is known to be coming down the supply chain on that turn. 3. Use a control algorithm based on the outflows from the retailer to control production at the factory (the factory player has to watch the retailer's inventory closely). The best parameters for the control system depend on the exact demand deck. I can only speak to HFT. For dev roles, Python experts (emphasis on expert) and experts in modern C++ have the easiest time. C experts and systems programmers with assembly expertise can also find a job, but the market is smaller for them (although higher-paying). OS-level and systems programming are valuable. Understanding computer architecture is important, and computer systems as well. Credentials are an important filtering mechanism for them, so if you didn't go to a top 10 school, your resume needs to make up for it (or you need to be a very experienced hire). Working at a FAANG company or a bank doesn't necessarily make up for not going to a top school. Successful devs at HFTs usually have a ~50-hour workweek or are very efficient programmers. Nobody intentionally includes security vulnerabilities in a product. This is something that Doordash knows they are doing and have decided to do, not something they are doing accidentally. Even taking a negligent security posture is not the same as intentionally including a flaw. Remember that many US states are the size of European countries. This is the same deal that many countries in Europe have: subsidized tuition for residents. Also, a lot of state systems have good schools: UC Berkeley, UMass Amherst, UIUC, UT Austin, and UW Madison come to mind. I'm also in NYC. If AirBnB went under, the real estate market here would be in deep trouble. Virtually all drugs come out of an NIH-funded lab, but so do a huge number of other drugs and therapies that don't work. The vast majority of things that come out of research labs have no hope at making it past a phase 1 trial. The drug companies do a lot of R&D to validate the ideas of drug discovery teams and to test for side effects. They spend incredible amounts of money on this, much more than the labs that initially proposed the drug. The soft core approach has many advantages, but FPGA companies have dropped the ball on single-unit (hobbyist) sales. Chips that cost $1000 from a distributor cost 1/10th to 1/100th the price when you have a relationship with the manufacturer, mostly because distributors can't sell them very quickly and have to keep a ton of stock to have the SKUs you want. On a modern FPGA, processor clocks of 200-300 MHz are possible to get with designs that aren't huge. C2H is terrible for the employee and you should know that, as a professional headhunter. Negotiating your salary upfront is likely going to give you the best deal you can get. Don't kid yourself into thinking that you can "show your value" to improve your negotiating position. Your first few months on the job are usually when you are at your lowest performance, since you are learning the company's processes. That is your trial period. You are in your best negotiating position when the company needs you more than you need them, and that is absolutely NOT after doing contract work for them for a while. Once you're at the point of converting, if you get a lowball offer, the contract position is a black mark on your resume that hurts your negotiating position with other firms. That said, I would be happy to do C2H if the following conditions were met: * Signing bonus paid in full at point of signing the contract, with no clawback. * Full health coverage during the contract portion (extra money plus the option to buy from their plans). * Severance pay at full salary for at least 6 months if you choose not to convert. * Non-exclusivity during the contract period (I can do other work if I want, and you don't own any IP I produce other than what I produce explicitly for you). I think this is sufficient to equalize the negotiating disadvantage that I get for taking the contract. I don't think any of your clients would go for it. I think the word 'learnings' comes to software companies from India. A company I worked at didn't use the word until an Indian senior manager came on, and then everyone started talking about 'learnings.' Conversely, I have heard it used in conversational English between people from India. There are plenty of other English words that work in context where you might use 'learning', like 'lesson', 'insight', or 'takeaway'. 'Learning' just encapsulates them all without nuance. Higher speeds mean less time wasted in cars, so presumably more time to work Twitter allowed the NY Times to post about Trump's tax returns after they were leaked by an IRS employee: https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1310474354967359489 The official policy appears to be flexible when the leaked supports Twitter's political opinions. Many of the immigration restrictions in america started around the time the first welfare programs were introduced. Before that, it was a bit of a free for all. I don't know if the same pattern holds anywhere else, but I'm suspicious that might not be a coincidence. Intel had some heat problems when they tried this. The FPGAs weren't able to use their heat budget dynamically, and as a result, the whole SiP had bad performance. Altera Stratix V FPGAs actually had more market share than Virtex 7s. They were better chips. That said, the production delays around Arria 10 and Stratix 10 and the time lag caused by the Intel acquisition totally killed their market position. The only reasons to use Intel FPGAs now are (1) 64-bit floating point support or (2) if your Intel salesman gives you a really good deal. Beyond the GCC/LLVM, you also really need a standard library. Nobody is talking about that. Today, if you want a std::map on an FPGA, you have to either pay $100k or build it yourself. That's untenable. It's a mess. School kids really should learn the US constitution, but somehow that doesn't sink in and the pop culture does. People honestly didn't think Alexander Hamilton was an important figure until "Hamilton" came out. Then they rely on media to tell them everything. Usually that's fine when it's straight factual news, but there's been a lot of spin in the news recently. Supposedly, in knowledge work like programming, the distribution follows a pareto distribution: for n people, sqrt(n) produce half the productive output. I used to play the harpsichord, whose keys are about 3-5 mm narrower than piano keys. I have huge hands with big fingers, so it was a challenge at first, but after a week it felt normal. I doubt that smaller piano keys will be much different. The baroque harpsichord literature is riddled with 12ths and fast 10ths for this reason. The keys are smaller than piano keys, so it isn't be a problem to hit them. Most of the time, jumps like that are done by touch. You often need to look at something else like the music, the other hand, or the conductor. Serious question: Who suffers at the hands of Mastercard? These are all really good points, but there's some nuance missing in this view. There is actually a fairly narrow slice of the financial world that you don't like, specifically central banking and fiat currency. Currently, crypto traders are busy learning that all the rest of the financial world, including things like credit and financial derivatives (encapsulated in smart contracts), can still apply to cryptocurrencies. Things like consumer credit and fractional reserve banking will show up in crypto soon (if they haven't already). It's just a matter of trusted entities offering specific smart contracts. The one thing I really dislike about most crypto is the traceability: unless you use privacy coins (which themselves have dubious security claims), every transaction is 100% traceable. Honestly, I think the only real solution is to sue these accusers for defamation. If there's actual evidence that you are racist, then you can just take your lumps and don't respond to them. However, if you want to accuse someone of racism, you better have evidence of you're going to pay. Zen 2 has has 8-wide issue in many places, and Ice Lake moves up to 6-wide. Intel/AMD have had 4-wide decode and issue width for 10 years and I'm glad they're moving to wider machines. Edited "decode" to "issue" for clarity. AMD CPUs are very hard to fully utilize with a single thread, and Intel has always held the single-thread perf crown. Most high-performance use cases are multi-threaded now, so the single-threaded performance delta isn't that significant. The Apple chip is really built for running a snappy GUI: in most of those cases, you need to run ~1M instructions super fast on one thread for a short time. Intel has historically had the crown on this metric, but not any more with all of their problems. The Intel ISA has some very powerful instructions that allow it to keep performance up, but unfortunately decoding n x86 instructions involves doing a number of things that are O(n) in latency and O(n^2) in chip area/power - both instruction boundary detection and micro-op scheduling (since instructions can emit more than one uop) are included here. This isn't too bad when n is 4, but it has stressed both AMD and Intel's capabilities to make it to 8, and I don't think anyone would ever seriously consider building a 16-wide x86 machine. Once memory and I/O buses get fast enough to feed a 16-wide general-purpose computer, x86 as an architecture is in trouble. They have quietly gotten fast enough to feed an 8-wide machine. LPDDR4 very quietly took the speed crown from DDR4 due to the fact that the signal integrity problems are less demanding (soldered vs DIMM being the standard interface), and it looks like the DDR interface may be near the end of its useful life. Transceiver-based memory modules using standards like CXL and CCIX may be the long-term fix to the problems of DDR4. In the short-term, those are going to hurt, but long-term they should be a lot better. https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2 The actual instruction decoder is 4-wide. However, the micro-op cache has 8-wide issue, and the dispatch unit can issue 6 instructions per cycle (and can retire 8 per cycle to avoid ever being retire-bound). In practice, Zen 2 generally acts like a 6-wide machine. Oh, on this terminology: x86 instructions are 1-15 bytes wide (averaging around 3-4 bytes in most code). n-wide decode refers to decoding n instructions at a time. I have usually heard the top-line number as the issue width, not the decode width (so Zen 2 is a 6-wide issue machine). Most instructions run in loops, so the uop cache actually gives you full benefit on most instructions. On the Apple chip: I believe the entire M1 decode path is 8-wide, including the dispatch unit, to get the performance it gets. ARM instructions are 4 bytes wide, and don't generally need the same type of micro-op splitting that x86 instructions need, so the frontend on the M1 is probably significantly simpler than the Zen 2 frontend. Some of the more complex ops may have separate micro-ops, but I don't think they publish that. One thing to note is that ARM cores often do op fusion (x86 cores also do op fusion), but with a fixed issue width, there are very places where this would move the needle. The textbook example is fusing DIV and MOD into one two-input, two-output instruction (the x86 DIV instruction computes both, but not the ARM DIV instruction). Switches (L2 devices) recalculate Ethernet CRCs (L2 error detection codes), and routers tend to calculate TCP/UDP checksums (L3 error detection codes) and everything below. I've seen exactly this issue with switches that have bad RAM before, and I assume that they just have a router with bad RAM (and without ECC RAM, which looks embarrassing). The younger generation is always more likely to go to cities. As they get older they move out. And buy cars. IBKR does some of its trading off-exchange like the PFOF types, but they do it in-house, not on a paid-for basis. If you see "SMART" in the routing of an order on IBKR pro, often that order went to one of their darkpools or was filled by them off-exchange (at a price better than the NBBO). The price improvement per share also sometimes comes from exchange rebates that they pass through to customers. You should take a second to read the essay "On Bullshit." What he said there was bullshit, written to cause an outcome, not to tell the truth. These loans have destroyed any chance that a generation of underprivileged students will achieve financial prosperity. If they go away, the federally subsidized loan programs will likely be phased out over ~5 years or so. The private sector will replace them for students who are good bets, probably with income-share agreements or something similar and MUCH less predatory than the current federal loan programs. I would assume that based on the amount of money that is at stake, most software engineers would try to become extremely good negotiators. A 1% improvement in salary for a SWE could easily be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars over 10 years, so it is really silly to not try to understand how to get that money. Defamation lawsuits. Right now, a bunch of people can tweet "John Doe (some public figure) beats his wife" with no verification, and Twitter keeps the tweets up, and doesn't get in trouble when John Doe's life is ruined by the false accusations. What's more, media can then report "John Doe is allegedly a domestic abuser," citing the tweets as evidence that there are allegations that John Doe is a domestic abuser. You see this pattern with pizza gate (some dumb social media posts getting picked up by Republican news), and with Kyle Rittenhouse (dumb, false twitter posts picked up by left-leaning news). In the latter case, the news outlets have been getting sued for defamation because the reporting was damaging and so demonstrably false. Section 230 protection for these platforms erodes all standards of truth for news. I think most people who say they This are advocating for 230 to be rewritten, not misreading it. Personally, I think that individual curation of content should be considered an editorial decision, and not simply moderation. Tightly moderated forums where everyone sees the same posts are fine, but twitter/Facebook with their individualized front pages is not. Generally speaking, regardless of race and sex, upper management types tend to be sociopaths who are actually racist/sexist (see all the scandals about this every time an executive sexually harrasses someone). Embracing the idea of a "diverse workforce" is a great deflection tactic. Here's an alternative form of the "NYT/CNN should be canceled" argument: they should be held to the same standard as a private citizen when they behave poorly. If you write a blog post that doxxes a prominent figure and link to it from Facebook and Twitter, you are going to get banned from those platforms. The NYT can apparently do this with impunity, and calls for canceling other people and organizations who do this. In US law, there is a different standard for libel against "public figures" than against other people. The NYT gets to take advantage of this much looser libel law whenever they write a hit piece because they can argue that anyone who does something "newsworthy" is de-facto a public figure. As far as I have seen, the "cancel NYT" crowd is arguing that the NYT should be held to the standards that it pushes into others and obviously doesn't follow. It surprised me how well cloud providers have managed to sell "availability" and lack of responsibly for site downtime, and how much of a premium they can charge for it. Most people don't need 5 9's (not that any cloud actually provides that level of reliability) or infinite scalability, just a box that's good enough in both dimensions. They have usually gotten woke after becoming multi-billion-dollar companies. Being woke seems to be a luxury available when you have the money to spend on it. Cryptocurrency/blockchain is a valuable concept the way the internet is, but Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a nice proof of concept, but as a currency it has big problems that look like they won't be solved. Pets.com was also a good proof of concept. Except bitcoin isn't anonymous or decentralized at all... Transaction wallet ids are public and Chinese miners control the currency. This has always been a ridiculous argument. Human eyes have a much higher contrast ratio than commercial cameras, and have built-in stereoscopic capabilities with some degree of rangefinding thanks to the fact that they are quickly adjustable. Normal cameras have none of that. If there really have been no crashes with this system on the road, it is a testemant to how safe the average human driver actually is. That doesn't say good things about the future of self-driving cars. That is exactly what they should do, but the fact that a majority of voting shares are held by 2 managers makes the company have a huge conflict of interest that favors growing more and more rather than pulling cash out. I voted "no" on this. I didn't want to see Xilinx spend years working on getting acquired instead of working on new chips (which happened to Altera), and I thought that the acquisition price was too low given the current premium that AMD stock carries. My guess was the latter, given how high AMD's market cap is currently. However, Xilinx/AMD have some common technology requirements around 2.5d integration and 7 nm IP. I was hoping for an FPGA-SoC with some Xeon cores when Intel bought Altera, and now I'm hoping for one with Epyc cores. Intel at one point tried an FPGA-in-package with a server CPU. It turns out that you can't downclock/power gate parts of FPGA designs nearly as easily as you can CPU components, so the whole package had thermal regulation issues. You had to run the CPU at a very conservative frequency in order to let the FPGA use power as it needs to. There are FPGA-SoCs out there that are mostly FPGA, and that seems like the way to go if you want to combine FPGAs and CPUs, otherwise they should probably be on separate power and heat budgets. The move to the Intel foundry cost Altera a lot - I don't know if it was to position themselves to be acquired or if it was for some other strategy, but it was a very expensive decision. Stratix 10 on TSMC may have landed at the same time as Ultrascale+ from Xilinx. Generally, during and after a merger, there is a lot of instability in a company as layoffs in comparable departments get figured out and company infrastructures get merged. I assume that on the software side, you were insulated from this instability since they were going to need to keep developing Quartus (or its replacement) either way and Intel had no equivalent. I was an Altera customer before and during the merger (including after it was announced). It looked from the outside like sales teams and chip design teams had significant amounts of instability. I personally experienced months of delays getting Arria 10s (and associated FAE support) from our sales team immediately after the acquisition. Our new sales team from Intel (figured out 8 months later) was twice the size, had to push CPUs and Intel's software in addition to FPGAs, and was also dealing with the embarrassing situation around Stratix 10 delays. Unions in the EU have very different rules than unions in the US. In particular, American unions can essentially force an employer to become a "closed shop" through a majority vote. Everyone who works there then has to pay union dues and accept a union contract. EU unions involve more worker choice. By the way, one of the big proponents of gain-of-function research was Anthony Fauci. It makes sense that he came out and tried to control the narrative around the virus given that he may have been responsible for its creation. Some of us have to. Weirdly, the bitcoin exchanges are all there. Unfortunately, going one layer down, most ASIC tooling is extremely opaque about what it does, and it's hard to share chip designs that are open at all levels (you may have open-source verilog, but the GDSII might have to be closed-source due to vendor NDAs). I suspect that if you have problems with FPGA tooling, you will also have problems with ASIC tooling. However, the cost of an ASIC on an older node (~65-130 nm) is a lot lower than you think. There are (bad) free design tools and even older nodes may have open PDKs from foundries (the old scalable CMOS processes). I have been considering starting up a company to build hardware root-of-trust chips along the lines of Titan/Cerberus,but I don't know if there's enough of a customer base out there to make it a reality. It has not, and the type of design they show in the paper has a lot of room to improve (FIFOs everywhere, inefficient blocks, etc). However, video transcoding is suited to that approach since the operations you do are so wide that you can't avoid a speedup compared to software. Yes. Gain of function research involves putting evolutionary pressure on an organism to give it certain traits that can be found in the wild, but the resulting virus is anything but natural. I think a lot of people dismiss the lab leak hypothesis based on the idea that a lab-created virus must have an engineered genome rather than an evolved one. Fauci and his close colleagues (including the current head of the CDC) were ardent proponents of gain of function research, and funded gain of function research at the WIV to the tune of millions of dollars. Didn't anybody think it was weird that the head of the NIH, a research institution, not a public health institution, became the top public health communicator during COVID instead of the heads of the CDC? He had a massive conflict of interest and wanted to protect it. The problem with luck is that people who are extremely skilled at something seem to usually get inordinately lucky. Part of skill involves setting yourself up to get lucky. To some degree, problems of luck are also problems of volume: if you are president #45 and you have a 5% chance at creating a viral tweet, tweet 50 times and you will get one. While this is mostly true, there are some (very limited) circumstances where modern language constructs are legitimately the best approach. Generic libraries are probably the most obvious case where you may need some fancy metaprogramming. Move semantics and other similar tricks for avoiding copies are often used for saving much more than a 24-byte copy. Unfortunately, a lot of C++ enthusiasts who write this kind of code are language lawyers who might prefer to write in APL (a language with "expressiveness" and "beauty") than a language for humans. Honestly, I think the "killer app" for C++ was generics. If you could write a generic data structure in C without using macros (which are extremely hard to debug), nobody would have wanted C++. However, the Linux Kernel is stuck with AVL trees and primitive hash table algorithms due to complexity, while C++ programmers can blissfully use B-trees and fast linear probing hash maps without worrying about the data structure. 1. It protects his conflicts of interest by allowing him to routinely dismiss things like the lab leak hypothesis and control the narrative around the virus and its vaccines. It has allowed him to shape public policy in a way that deflects responsibility away from himself and his friends. 2. I was wrong. Wikipedia shows that the NIAID is part of the NIH. Still a research organization, not a public health organization. 3. Previous outbreaks, such as Ebola, SARS, MERS, etc. have _all_ been spearheaded by the CDC. The CDC is the branch of government responsible for managing disease outbreaks. The CDC head is therefore the "top public health communicator." It's worth noting that being a "communicator" here is much more than about talking to the public; it's also about who talks to the politicians. As a (former) FPGA developer, this revolution has been coming for a while, and I'm still waiting. Unfortunately, the programming model actually makes things really difficult for people who think in a software frame of mind. High-level synthesis gets part of the way, but not for low-level peripherals. PMODs are good for university/hobby projects with FPGAs, though, and I'm glad the bar is getting lower and lower. FPGAs are usually built on very high-tech processes, so the gap between an FPGA (at 28 nm) configured like an SoC and an actual microcontroller (at 90 nm) may be smaller than we think, and that may be the saving grace of FPGAs as hobbyist devices. I was an FPGA dev at a trading shop and moved to software at big tech. Hardware development in trading is fairly unique in that it is more like software than anything else. At other companies, FPGA dev is not well-rewarded, and is treated a lot more like hardware than software. That leads to slow development cycles and project-based hiring/management, which make it very hard to treat the project like software. In addition, lack of a standard library and bad tooling (buggy, slow compilers) makes developing simple things very difficult. The same attributes that made me a good FPGA developer have also made me a good low-level software developer (x86 assembly doesn't hold a candle to FPGA dev in complexity), so I do that now. FPGA evangelists like this really need a reality check. Programming in RTL is not easy, and it's not really a skill that most people need, so it doesn't make a lot of sense as an educational tool. The "killer app" for hobbyist FPGAs might be some sort of "SoC builder" tool that lets you build a specific microcontroller around a few high-performance cores, and then program it like software. But don't worry. Since 2000, mainstream FPGA programming has been right around the corner. Bitstream encryption is okay, but someone still has yet to make an FPGA that is truly secure. As far as I know, bitstream encryption on the Xilinx Ultrascale+ devices has been broken, so there isn't a lot of protection there against sophisticated actors. The tools are awful and software people don't know how good they have it. However, the tools also do a ton of optimization for you, and so it's somewhat justified that they take a long time to run. I think you are thinking of different types of tasks. A lot of RTL is brainless, but if you are actually trying to compute with it, it can get tough. A mediocre C++ programmer can write a (bad) hash table in C++ in a few hours. How fast can you give me one in Verilog? Nailing public figures who lie for personal gain to the cross serves a very important function by dissuading other public figures from doing the same. Otherwise, the math suggests that every public figure should be lying for personal gain since they can just get away with it. At least in the US, there are far too many politicians who think they can get away with lying through their teeth to the public. However, it looks like Fauci has outlived his usefulness to the ruling class, and they are currently in the process of throwing him under the bus. Fundamentally this comes down to the very American idea that everything legal is moral. What they did may not be illegal, but it certainly is immoral. People who do immoral things do deserve the public shaming they get. People do move there. Singapore picks up a ton of US expats, as did Hong Kong before it got swallowed by China. Bermuda and the Caymans have tons of companies and restrict immigration so tightly that they are less attractive. It's almost as if they get paid per click on that ad... There's no incentive for them to fix this, unfortunately. Everywhere else on YT there's a nice gray box that keeps the place of a UI element until that element loads. The first patent on a transistor was assigned in 1933 to a man named Julius Lilienfeld, who invented (conceptualized) the MESFET. He didn't get the same press coverage as Shockley, and also failed to commercialize. Shockley's 1948 patent was relatively late. Perhaps we just haven't had a "Shockley moment" in graphene yet. It would be nice if these other people stopped getting so much press, though. I tried the triplebyte test when I was finding a job ~2 years ago. The test was biased towards web developers (which I was not), and I failed it. It was an infuriating experience and turned me off to the whole concept. I went on with my normal job searching process (which generally involved recruiters who reached out to me, and friends giving referrals). I landed a very nice job at a big tech company and swore to never touch triplebyte again. This is just an anecdote, but I would bet that many highly qualified engineers failed the test once and then they decided not to ever go back. If the test had told you why you failed or what to study, I bet I would have tried it again. Stablecoins have ridiculous fraud potential. The idea of a crypto that holds 100% of its value in USD is just an unstable business. There's too much cash just sitting there, and it's too tempting to debase the coin just a little bit. Tether looks like they have been caught with their hand in the cookie jar a few too many times. I might trust a stablecoin backed by a big bank, but nothing else. Intel CPUs are also a bit more flexible on the high end: if you want 12T of RAM in one machine, you still need an Intel 8-socket machine. I wonder if this is costing AMD a bit in the server space. I actually was a hardware developer for a while, and I'm not sure this will pan out like the author thinks. A 1 GHz CPU on an FPGA won't happen, even a 7 nm FPGA. Also, host memory latency and bandwidth will likely kill any hopes of putting the special- purpose CPU far from its memory. The best outcome is a new RISC-V matrix extension, though, which sounds pretty cool and useful given the Apple M1. Good luck! HPC also sells a lot of GPUs. A lot of ML folks don't seem to appreciate that neural net training (outside of Google) is actually a fairly small market for the GPU companies compared to games and simulators. In college, I had the privilege of taking and then teaching a VLSI class like this. It was an amazing experience and I think more engineers need to go through the process. When I get the chance (no IP agreement with a company), I want to do the efabless thing that Google is offering 18 exabytes isn't that much if you want to uniquely address every memory byte in a (future) datacenter. Papers on RDMA-based unified memory systems are currently producing some very compelling performance results in workloads like pub-sub and mostly-read databases. It's conceivable that in the next 15 years, there will be special-purpose datacenter-scale computers networked with a unified memory space that need address spaces greater than 64 bits, especially with the high-capacity optane DIMMs that Intel produces. I used to think the same thing, but now that I work on SSD-based storage systems, I'm not sure this holds up in today's storage stacks. Log structuring really helped with HDDs since it meant fewer seeks. In particular, the filesystem tends to undo a lot of the benefits you get from log-structuring unless you are using a filesystem designed to keep your files log-structured. Using huge writes definitely still helps, though. A paper that I really like goes deeper into this: http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~jhe/eurosys17-he.pdf Edit: I had originally said "designed for flash" instead of "designed to keep your files log-structured." F2FS is designed for flash, but in my testing does relatively poorly with log-structured files because of how it works internally. Edit 2: de-googled the link. Thank you for pointing that out. I have been on both sides of patent lawsuits in the past, but I am not a lawyer, so this is not legal advice. You need a lawyer, but a lot of lawyers do this sort of thing pro bono for small companies. The EFF has a list of attorneys who can help. Interview at least 5 of them - ask for references, ask about past successes in this space, and ask about your case at a high level (give the one-minute overview of the case and ask about their plan). The good news is that most software patents are invalid (thanks to the Alice decision* in 2014), and will be struck down in a process called inter partes review, which is a cheap way to challenge the validity of a patent through the USPTO. When you interview attorneys, you might want to ask prospective candidates about the validity of this patent and if they see this as a viable strategy. Another dynamic at play here is that in many patent proceedings, the loser pays attorneys fees. You may not end up paying a dime, even without a pro-bono lawyer. Trolls like threatening lawsuits to pressure you into a settlement, but there's a lot at risk for them if they actually sue you for infringement. *The full opinion on the Alice case is here, and is very interesting: https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/13-298_7lh8.pdf EDIT: Also, if your lawyer suggests that you might be able to invalidate this patent, you may be able to band together with some of your competitors to share the cost of invalidating it. Chinese law is extremely hostile to foreign companies, forcing them to give up their IP and have a large operating presence in China (including a political arm of the CCP within the company). No other country is so hostile to foreigners, and international pressure should be applied to get then to change this behavior. It is antithetical to free trade and free markets. It is completely understandable that foreign companies are staying out of China, because China effectively bans them from operating unless they are local companies. Robinhood's spreads are much larger than many other brokerages because of the deals they make with order flow buyers. Yes, they are still at or better than NBBO, but many brokerages will give you price improvement on crossing orders down to near the midpoint price (unless you are very good at timing the market and already have a great price from crossing). I did an A/B test of this, and found that RH was actually an outlier in terms of how bad your executions are. In my opinion, a hash map that needs to chase an extra pointer to do a lookup and uses insertion order to provide deterministic iteration order seems like a hash map that hates me. Using keys that aren't strings is also table stakes for hash tables these days. If your desire is only deterministic iteration, just use a hash function that gives that to you. Many libraries randomize this in tests so you don't rely on it, but you can always set a custom hash function. This will give you a much faster happy path than something like this structure. C++ unordered_map unfortunately forces a bucket-based implementation. I don't know about Java. I suppose that most people don't ever erase anything from a Python dictionary? Erasing items would lower the effective load factor of the array (or be O(n) so you can do a big memcpy). It's interesting that this highlights how Python users use dictionaries very differently from how I use hash tables (as a C and C++ programmer). In the last few years, people have been designing hash tables to run at much higher load factors, but if the decision was made before ~2018, I can see why the iteration speed argument would result in a structure like this. In the EU, patents have escalating fees. They don't escalate very fast, but I think this would help with innovation a lot. IMO the first ~4 years can cost a few thousand dollars (so you can get your startup up and running), but the 20th year of a patent should escalate to several hundred thousand or million dollars. That way, building a long-lived "patent fence" becomes economically infeasible the way it is today. Most drugs appear first in publicly-funded research, but so does every other compound that can get past a p value of 0.05. The main value proposition of big pharma is that they take those results, find the ones that actually work (very few of them do), study them for side effects, and characterize them. There is a LOT of work between the published research and an actual drug (there is actually significantly more risk and cost to go from a paper to a drug than to write the initial paper). Louis Rossmann is a popular youtube creator who is a bit of a rambler, but the upside is that you can read something else while you listen to him. In the last year or so, he has done a lot of ragebait on commercial real estate and the abusive government of New York, but his original content was on right to repair, repairing mac devices, and running a small business. New York (the state and the city), Chicago, and California are the reasons why I will never live in a state or city with only one strong political party at this point. All of them are kleptocracies (and effectively dictatorships). I've never lived in Texas or Florida. You are correct that the main competing technology is throughput compute (GPUs, TPUs, ML processors) rather than "general-purpose" CPU-style compute with batch size of 1. The way we use CPUs is fairly unique, though, where we time share a lot of different code on each core of a system. Trying to move CPU applications to an FPGA-style device would be a disaster. I used to believe that FPGAs could compete with GPUs in throughput compute cases thanks to high-level synthesis and OpenCL, but it looks like most applications have gone with something more ASIC-like than general-purpose (eg TPUs and matrix units in GPUs for ML). That has happened to me so many times that my last company shreds resumes from foreign students with a prestigious American masters where the undergrad is not similarly prestigious (eg IIT and Tsinghua are good, but not many other schools). We did only hire from about 20 schools in the US. The unfortunate thing is that the masters programs did not filter nearly as exclusively as the undergrad programs. The reason is signal integrity. Running a high speed signal (never mind a bus of 64+ of them) through a connector is hard and takes a lot of power because the connector can seriously degrade the signals. LPDDR can be low power because it doesn't have a "memory stick" abstraction, just memory chips and controllers. It's not the resistance that kills the signal, it's the inductance and the impedance mismatching. I think you're referring to DDR3L DIMMs, which are just a down-volted version of DDR3. LPDDR has never had DIMMs because of signal integrity issues. They take power to resolve. The last barnes and noble I went to had a liberal shelf and a conservative shelf (not labeled as such, but clearly separated). I live in a county that biden won by I 100% agree with breaking C compatibility, breaking ABI compatibility, and turning off vintage C++. Unfortunately, CVEs come up when security researchers find something interesting to publish, whereas actual breaches usually come from a hacker exploiting some sysadmin's poor configuration. but it has brought food prices from 'Reasonable' to 'European.' I recently wanted to build a serverless application, but as far as I can tell, no serverless platform takes code in C or C++, so I was stuck working in a language I didn't know well. There may be an opportunity for someone to build a serverless platform that uses verified functions in C/C++/Rust, so you can get both performance and convenience. The learned index paper struck me as a bit of a marketing gimmick, but this paper also smells a bit. The central sleight of hand that both papers pull without admitting it is that they are creating mostly-read data structures (or in the first half of the learned index paper, read-only data structures). The learned index paper then compares them to read-write data structures and claims a win. Due to cache locality, cuckoo hashing usually underperforms compared to linear probing hash tables, except when you want super high density and you don't expect to do much inserting. It gets especially bad if the keys or values are large. 99% of the time, you're better off with something other than cuckoo hashing. 28 nm was a turning point in cost per transistor. Previously, unit cost of transistors declined with gate lengths, but smaller finfet nodes and EUV add enough complexity that cost per transistor is actually rising on more advanced nodes. The good thing about this is that capacity in "cutting-edge" fans will be lower and lower every year as more products find a "home" node that balances price and performance. You're right, benchmarks have shown that probing is better until you reach ~90% capacity. Cuckoo hashing sufferers from terrible memory locality, and you can only make up for it when a probing table would have worse locality. The "small error" in this article isn't so small when people want exact results. Unfortunately, a high-degree polynomial is necessary if you want 24 bit precision across the input range for functions like this. That said, I wonder if a rational approximation might not be so bad on modern machines... A Pade approximation is generally like that. Especially when you are dealing with singularities, it should be a much smaller polynomial than 17 terms in the numerator and denominator. I think I'm going to have to start a blog, and this will be on the list. Colleges used to be finishing schools for the rich attached to educational institutions for geniuses (the geniuses keep the prestige level up, and the rich provide funding). Companies started demanding degrees to get people who are geniuses or well-connected, so new schools popped up to produce more graduates, and so on in a feedback loop. Eventually the degree became a requirement and not a signal of "eliteness" any more. The people getting the degrees still feel elite, even though many go on to become baristas and store clerks. The problem is that college was never about the education (except for a small minority of students who were usually in the sciences), it was always about the signaling. The part that we think is good (the education) is just a side effect. This isn't so much about basic needs, which our societies generally provide. This is about having more than a minimum standard of living: seaside mansions aren't as abundant as 300 sq ft apartments. We're apes who are wired to show off to other apes to attract mating opportunities and secure the future of our genes (by helping our children get a leg up). This is actually the point of the elite overproduction hypothesis, although the article doesn't get that across. People who pose the theory don't believe that actual elites are being overproduced, but people who believe they should be elite and act as though they are. Many people with a degree believe that they should be elites (because they would be in the 1960s) and are disappointed that they are not. The elites have circled the wagons and use friendships to determine eliteness (see WeWork and Theranos - where elites started companies that are total frauds and still were billionaires for a while). At the same time, it is good for society to have a meritocratic component to the measure of "eliteness." This is why generals who won battles was a good example, and college degrees used to be: people who became generals or got into college were generally not there purely on merit, but the cream of the crop became apparent through challenges relevant to the society of the day. The meritocratic component also allows for social mobility for people who are really damn good at whatever the merit is: great soldiers could find their way into the roman aristocracy from nothing, and colleges always admitted a few exceptionally talented lower-class people who became great scholars. The "elite overproduction" theory suggests that there is too much social mobility for the wrong people, and not enough for the right people. Psychologically, the middle ground turns out to be an unstable equilibrium. You can give them some money, but then they come back for more. If you say no, your family may find itself breaking apart unless you give up everything you got in the lottery It isn't that this behavior is good because it's natural - it's good because it keeps people motivated. The problem is that unfortunately, people are not the same. Some are better physicists than others, some are better organizers, and some are better carpenters. You need some inequality of outcome to incentivize people to do what they are good at - the Soviet Union has showed us that. Having any inequality at all produces elites. You can have human rights while having inequality, and we generally do. In most places other than California, the problem of greedy politicians who raise taxes and spend the money on corruption and crap is to vote out the politicians. If you feel unsafe at tax time, your elected leaders should feel unsafe on election day. It's really telling that Californians instead passed a terrible market-distorting ballot measure (which incentives hedge funds to buy properties to avoid the tax being readjusted again and pushes up prices so that nobody other than a hedge fund could afford them). If you're worried about affordability of houses, prop 13 (combined with NIMBYism and restrictive zoning laws in cities) is one of the main reasons why they are unaffordable. It sounds like it didn't even register to Californians that maybe they should have voted for the other guy for a little while. The interesting question is whether voters can pass laws that are straight up unconstitutional. The courts are an important check on the power of legislators, but if they don't apply to the people, there may be some really interesting ballot initiatives in the future. CA's ballot initiative process is democracy taken too far. It is close the point where democracy becomes the tyranny of the mob. How about lowering taxes and giving that money back to people? This is fairly new. Magnet schools and accelerated classes for smart poor people used to be something that we considered good, because we want at least a few smart people getting educated. Now that "smart poor people" generally means "people of asian descent," we're changing course and getting rid of all of those programs. Marking the value of your company to market can make you richer over night. If you have a $10/year income stream, a bank might run a calculation valuing that income stream at $50-$100. If you can instead get investors to value it at $1000 (because it is a "tech company" and deserves an insane valuation), you are a lot richer than you used to be. Even if you lose 90% of your income stream, you are still probably richer. This comes down to the question: why do you want to own a high-value asset? So you can borrow against it to buy more assets. This is how Jeff Bezos can fly around on a $500 million jet while selling $0 of his stock. Because it's so hard to get traditional investment, entrepreneurs in the sex industry often see that they are a lot poorer (in quality of life terms) than people who own businesses that are much less successful. There is accountability at the ballot box, but only if you're willing to vote for the other guy. SF has been under one- party rule for a long time, and if incumbents don't fear for their jobs, they have no incentive to do what they say. eBPF has basically democratized the performance that used to be reserved for DPDK applications and other weird user space things. It's a big deal. Systems software engineer Location: Eastern US Remote: Yes Relocate: No Technologies: C, C++, Assemblers, FPGAs, Mathematica/Matlab, Python, Java. I have worked on performance optimization, hardware/software co-design, parallel (SIMD + hardware accelerated) algorithms, numerical analysis, time synchronization, and advanced networking (eg XDP, DPDK). Resume: Available on request (6 YoE, currently Senior Software Eng @ big tech) Email: pclmulqdq@fastmail.com ----- Hi everyone! I am a software and hardware engineer based in the Eastern US. I am looking for a small, remote-friendly company for my next role, preferably where I can work on performance optimization or products related to foundational technologies. Contracts possible. It is illegal, but that doesn't stop people from doing it. In the US, things like this have to go to court to actually be struck down, and there haven't been any sympathetic plaintiffs suing over these laws yet. When "positive discrimination" makes it before a judge, it usually gets stuck down. The other disclosure establishes prior art for other people and sets you up for more patents in the future with the same prior art date (continuations). The claims are the legally enforceable part. Some fraction of this is almost certainly due to taking them as an "academic steroid" rather than having a diagnosis for a condition that needs amphetamines. The abuse of these drugs is a very real problem in schools, but some students legitimately need them so it's hard to come up with a blanket policy. Edit: according to the tweet, all of this is due to recreational or performance enhancing use. Australia is already a failed state. That happened the second they decided to imprison their populace and started talking about the "New world order." The state has failed its people, and the only thing left is for it to crumble. Adam Smith also believed in a society where rich people would endow institutions for everyone to enjoy. Now that we believe that is solely the rule of the state, that assumption is gone. The chief medical officer of New South Wales said it during a press conference recently He actually did. He called for a very high inheritance tax and believed that the the rich should spend their wealth for the good of everyone (and society should inventivize that by allowing wealthy people to feel good about sticking their names on things). Where I live, the only philanthropic organizations normal people interact with are universities, museums, hospitals, and maybe arts organizations. The government runs libraries, schools, orphanages, parks, other museums and hospitals, and playgrounds. These all used to be nonprofit philanthropic activities. Philanthropic organizations have been forced into corners trying to solve very hard problems (like eradicating diseases and global warming) rather than helping people day to day. You can go through a decent life never directly benefitting from a billionaire's money, but you can't do it without a helpful government institution. Alice vs CLS bank threw out most patents saying "do X on a computer." Patents basically have to have a physical effect or give something a property it wouldn't otherwise have, so compression (saving bits) and encryption (giving security properties) are patentable, but most things like web apps and online shopping carts (an infamous patent troll sued many people over this pre-Alice) are not. The $10k is a feature, not a bug. Society shouldn't allow patents to be filed without commercial intent (because otherwise you are depriving the world of an idea for 20 years without meaningfully using it), and a $10k pricetag is a good signal of commercial intent. In the EU, patents have escalating fees to make sure that patent rights are only guaranteed as long as a commercial enterprise continues to be successful. And no, the intent to file and then sell the patent is not a good "commercial intent." Intel and AMD are both like that, and it makes me wonder how much space they have opened up for ARM. I would love a small x86 SoC if it came with the same level of support that an NXP or TI ARM chip has, but they don't. My impression is that if you are an open source project (especially one with a few already existing designs), you can actually get some design support from large companies. This is especially true if you either meet the right person in marketing at those companies or know someone on the inside. The Raspberry Pi uses chips from a very user-hostile company (Broadcom) because they started as a side project by a few engineers at Broadcom. I think the cleanest law here is to change the law to clarify that non-public information gained by public servants and representatives that can have an affect on a stock's price should be treated as "material non-public information." Then the SEC can do their jobs like they do with other insider traders. Remember that ONLY elected congresspeople are exempt from rules like that. Other public servants are not. This is one of the biggest signals that the US is an oligarchy and not a democracy. Judges also have strict rules about what they can and can't trade. So do congressional aides, and the capitol police (both part of the legislative branch). It's only members of congress who don't. You can do a lot more with index funds than you think. For example, you can buy sector index funds to get exposure to more limited stocks, and going further, you can actually construct linear combinations of index funds to gain exposure to single stocks. Maybe if you restrict them to only S&P 500 index funds then you could stop them from trading like this. I would rather they just be barred from trading on insider information regardless of the trading vehicle. The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, but the second best time is today. By continuing to oppose low-carbon base load power that is politically unpopular, climate activists are showing the world that they don't really believe there's a crisis. Put another way, they are saying: "there's just enough of a crisis for us to take things from you, but not enough for us to sacrifice anything ourselves." Also, with investment in nuclear plants, the cost and time to build one will decrease, but someone needs to put up the money to make that happen. The first step (borrowing usdt on a defi platform) needs you to collateralize that loan with some other form of cryptocurrency. You are forced to have exposure to crypto to make the trade that shorts it. Fed chairs have always received a lot of political pressure from the ruling party. Most administrations do it quietly. Yellen was particularly cozy with the white house in her day as fed chair, which is why she is now treasury secretary. The past three presidents haven't understood the danger of keeping rates low, but so far it has paid off for them. Yes, -O3 tends to include a lot of features that increase code size, like aggressive loop unrolling. If you are jumping around a large amount of code, -O3 generally performs more poorly than -O2, but if you are running a tight loop (like HPC code), -O3 is better. In the past, at a time when I worked on a very performance sensitive codebase that was also limited in scope, we compiled with -Osize and did all the loop optimizations we wanted manually (and with pragmas). That produced faster code than -O2 or -O3. 0% is fundamentally different than 1%. Modern monetary theory disagrees, but there is definitely a big difference between "cheap" and "free." Also, I mean since 2008. Pre-2008, rates were pretty healthy, but central banks haven't had the courage to raise them back to that level. Economically speaking, we are not in a crisis, and we have not been for a long time. In the application I referred to, PGO was also used. However, that only applies -Os to cold code, and if what you're doing is very branchy, it can help even in the hot path. One piece of friction that hurts here is that the C++/Rust and ARM memory models aren't the same, and the consequences of this are unintuitive - compilers and CPUs can both screw with execution ordering. People who write in C++ should technically _only_ be concerned with the C++ memory model, but x86 has let them be very lax and undisciplined with std::memory_order_relaxed. ARM has some alluring constructs that don't quite fit with the C++ model, which can tempt you to mix and match memory models for performance. All of this means trouble with atomics. My name is gender-ambiguous but I am pretty strongly male-presenting in person. People I meet over email/text communication often misgender me. Before 2016, when I met those people in person, they would joke about it. Today, it terrifies them that I might tell someone or escalate it, and I have gotten profuse apologies related to the pronouns. I don't like that this sort of thing terrifies people. It creates a real bias in people's minds against working with anyone whose gender they don't know. The ACLU used to agree with me. Academia unfortunately did this to itself. Look at all the published scientific papers that don't replicate, the political nature of modern work in the humanities, and the highly political funding and publishing models in science. The "recent" (1970s to today) attacks on the credibility of academia are mostly people saying that the emperor has no clothes. Academia need to raise the signal-to-noise ratio, drop the open disdain for certain types of people, and spend time both cleaning house (removing contributions and contributors of no value) and adjusting their promises to align with what they can actually deliver. The 20k and 11k fees here are for invalidating and proving infringement respectively. The second one should dissuade trolls who want to target small users. The 20k fee is not to defend yourself from an infringement claim, it is to invalidate a patent. That is very different than defending yourself. The equivalent filing in the US is about the same price, and the process of invalidating a patent is long and complicated, so in any jurisdiction you should expect to pay hundreds of thousands in legal fees for that process. On top of those fees, 20k isn't that much. There are a lot of different ways of invalidating a patent, and that is the simplest. However, that is also nominally what the examiner did during the issuance of the patent, so unless there was gross incompetence (eg the "shopping cart" patents), it's not that simple. Usually, bitcoin is demanded because it's easy for a target to acquire, then it is swapped for Monero to wash it before cashing out. It is, but it's a VERY aggressive line of defense. The OP was saying that this is an "SME killer" and that "No small company will be able to defend itself" against a patent suit. This is far from the case. A small company was never going to try to invalidate a patent to defend itself either way. All asset valuations have a numerator and a denominator. I think people sometimes forget that - if dollars are cheap, stocks with 100x multiples aren't that expensive. There is an inflation assumption baked into that price, but it seems to be coming true. This is a second price auction, so the person with the highest bid pays the amount of the second highest bid. If Apple is bidding $97, their cost to acquire the customer may be substantially lower than $97 (their cost is whatever the second highest bid is), but they are forcing others in the auction to spend at least $97 to get the customer. We weigh stuff against human lives all the time. Cars, bridges, buildings, and industrial machines all make tradeoffs between safety and cost. We generally value a random life at about $7-10 million - much less than a faberge egg. In reality, adding up all the grief of loved ones, $7 million might be about right. Treating life as some sort of priceless treasure really is divorced from reality too. I think most people would choose to shoot an arsonist before they could burn the Mona Lisa, and that's totally rational. It's not just "the little guy" in Argentina - it's everyone and everything. Everyone always demands increases to their flow of money in Argentina. It's no surprise that they get inflation. The reason why Argentina has inflation is just very inconvenient to central bankers. If the pool of money increases in size, prices go up, end of story. Central bankers like to think that they can use sophisticated measures to control the economy, but it looks like they can't beyond a few simple things. Print money and you raise prices, end of story. What if the students are interested in learning a subject to a high academic standard and will be bored otherwise? I was getting lower grades at my easy "teach to the bottom 10%" public school than the very difficult private school I moved to. By just dismissing academic rigor, you are alienating the high-performers who WANT to care. That's a bad group of people for a society to ignore. Arguably the point of public school was to develop all bright kids, not just the rich ones. Providing everyone a basic level of education is a very different goal, and I question whether a college-oriented curriculum is good for educating the masses. The fact that my parents had to pay for both the public school and some tuition for private school (I had financial aid) left a really bad taste in my mouth. On top of that, full tuition at the private school was less than the per-student cost of public school! To me, that is ridiculous. Do you really think that it is NOT bad for a society to demoralize and demotivate the people who might otherwise be very productive knowledge workers? There are arguably two goals to the public education system: giving a minimum education to everyone and raising up lower class folks who can't otherwise afford an education. It sounds like you only want the first one. You did not. Common core teaches some very weird methods of addition and multiplication, and has a "process over product" mentality - getting the wrong answer is fine with the right method, and getting the right answer with the "wrong" method is bad. Cargo is the one thing keeping me off the rust ecosystem. The fundamentals of the language are great, but the tight coupling of the rust language with cargo's package management really irks me - it introduces as many correctness and security problems as the memory model solves. I'm suggesting that "languages that have package managers" is generally the problem. I think the go package manager gets the closest to solving these problems thanks to its reliance on one trusted source that has STRONG incentives to make sure that packages are available and trusted, but fundamentally, a language and a package manager are very different products, and I don't want them to be bundled. I worked with Alain Martin at Caltech, and I always loved the idea of asynchronous circuits. When I became an FPGA engineer, I realized the big problem with both FPGAs and asynchronous logic: the tooling doesn't generalize well to other domains, so you have to be a narrow specialist to make progress. If someone could convert synchronous verilog to async circuits under the hood, they may see huge gains in speed and power use for their circuits, but that is a huge uphill climb. Their async tech worked fine, but FPGAs likely don't get the same benefit as ASICs from async logic. Not to mention debugging is hard, so if you're not committed to a design, you may not want to put in the effort. The Achronix folks are going strong today (still independent), but with a much more conventional FPGA. The on-chip network may be async, but they hide it well. I hope they have lots of success in the future. Monero is inflationary, but it has some other features (untraceability) that drive demand. It hasn't experienced the same swings that the gold-like cryptos have, though. People are actually scared of monero, since it actually does what bitcoin set out to do. It's a little funny. It doesn't have the same insane volatility, so it's not exciting, just "criminal". I wonder if that suggests that the volatility is coming from exchanges that don't list monero, though. If he's doing business under that domain name, he is using it as an unregistered trademark and still gets some protection from that. In some cases, including when someone new starts a similar business with the same name, it can have the same force as a registered trademark. Intel benefits from decades of being the preferred platform for people to optimize server software on. I would believe that they outperform Graviton on workloads that have done this (especially when they have optimized with AVX instructions), but tends to be near performance parity on other workloads. Databases and ML likely are winners for intel due to this optimization, while stuff like nginx performs just fine on the ARM chips. Intel is a value stock at this point. I have been loading up on shares, but it looks like the big money isn't interested in companies that make a lot, and more interested in "future potential for growth." I think some big hedge funds must be betting on intel failing. This workload looks really well suited for x86 cores. The x86 architecture has big advantages in both crypto and fast string parsing. It's interesting that graviton got cost parity given what you said. Also, the datapath is a lot wider: NEON only does 16 bytes per vector, while Intel has fixed most of its frequency issues and can go up to 32 bytes per vector without throttling. AVX is also a lot more expressive, and can do more per instruction. I don't have much data here that's public. That said, Intel's AVX instructions generally give big advantages to range scans and other analytical workloads (as well as ML inference), while they don't help much for transaction processing. It depends on the DB and the workload. I would expect transactional benchmarks to look good for Graviton. The carryless multiplication instructions are amazing and people should use them more often. They are just so poorly explained that they feel like magic. I completely agree. When I got an EE degree, most of the content was about how electric fields work. It's not a simple concept. That video was reductive to the point that it made me angry. For all practical purposes, he is wrong, and he should admit that. The unfortunate thing about scratch rewrites is that they are not a good business. Open Source has conditioned people to think that libraries should be free. It's not clear to me that the alternative where libraries are obscenely expensive (like in the hardware world, where a hash table is a $100k investment) is any better. Nobody has ever built a successful company charging between $0 and $10,000 for a library. That is just how people see things, and unfortunately it is extremely hard to change. Not having linux support is a big self-own for Altium. Its main high-end competitor, Cadence OrCAD/Allegro, has top-tier Linux support. Altium tried to do a "365" thing like Microsoft, and I doubt that's really what Altium users want. Altium was about to be a good high-end piece of software until they did this. Now it's homeless and it will lose to KiCAD for low-end things and Cadence for high-end. Looking at the moon landing and the Manhattan project, you hear about the very few PhDs on the program. They were outnumbered at least 100:1 by skilled tradespeople who manufactured components of those programs. None of those manufacturing jobs need a college degree, just time and focus, which a college degree detracts from by taking 4 more years of your life. You should look at the LHC for a modern example. Even these feats of science need a small minority of people employed in them to be trained scientists. This is the use case that the cloud is really designed for, and most people who are 100% anti-cloud don't realize how peaky many workloads can actually be. However, I doubt that most cloud advocates understand this. In New York City, I have been seeing decreased compliance with mask mandates as the pandemic has gone on. It really seems like people have limited capacity to comply with unpleasant rules. Carbon rules may end up in the same category, with rampant noncompliance. It could also hint that excess deaths from lockdown policies are higher than expected. COVID deaths are almost certainly undercounted by some factor, but suicides and drug overdoses are skyrocketing. These numbers would make sense if the cure is worse than the disease too. If the data suggests that lockdowns are causing excess mortality, that should be important to public policy discussions regardless of how it feels. Usually, when people say the cure is worse than the disease, they are suggesting that [cure + disease] is worse than [disease without cure]. I am sorry that was imprecise. There is an assumption here that the lockdowns have reduced the number of COVID deaths. That is not necessarily the case, and actually the evidence points to the contrary: looking at state data, it looks like strict lockdown policies taken in some states in the US were ineffective at best, and may have been harmful. You create a lot of unimpressive people by doing that too. You need someone to have passion for a project like this to do a huge rewrite. It's pretty clear that passion can't come from money. The world is also full of people who are not passionate about what they get paid to do, and they do it because it is high-paying and offers security. It has already happened, and nobody cared. Very early on, the bitcoin blockchain ended up playing host to some illegal images, but nobody took down bitcoin or bitcoin nodes for storing them. There may be an arbitration agreement in their EULA, and that may allow them to settle this more cheaply than using lawyers. Normally, your IPC structures where you put lock-free data structures are mmaped in tmpfs, which is backed by RAM only, not files. A lot of the problems with mmap-ed files only show up when the file is larger than RAM (which is the case with databases). Files for IPC in tmpfs are usually small and don't have that problem. Not now that companies like chainalysis exist: the transactions are on a public ledger. Monero was designed for private payments, and its value hasn't exploded like Bitcoin or Eth... There is a legitimate reason to oppose header bidding: it results in higher latency than using traditional ad services. Ads served at lower latency tend to get more clicks, and so they have more value. Unfortunately, that means that header bidding results in less money for the website. There should be a reckoning. NASDAQ is not allowed to trade on its own exchange with more information than their customers the way Google does. Even _Coinbase_ isn't allowed to trade on its own exchange in an unfair way. Google is an exchange, a broker, a buyer, and a seller, and there are no financial regulations for the ad markets. Facebook is the same. It's pretty fundamental: header bidding involves an extra hop through the client. It's encouraging that other commenters are saying that they are adopting header bidding despite this. There are good reasons to not use Google ads if you are a news site: you are competing with Google for being a news provider. Even if you would make more without header bidding, you might not want to use solutions like Google ads since that means supporting someone who is competing with you. I personally think header bidding is the next good evolution of the ad markets (and the ad market seems to agree), but there is a cost to it. The more I have seen of big tech companies, the more I think they need to split up from time to time. Complacency and ossification emerge as a product of scale. If you want to avoid them, reduce your scale. If your manufacturing engineers (really, the managers) need to be at the cutting edge of manufacturing or be out of a job, they will figure out how to get there. Intel has had a number of embarrassing technology misses that have put them behind: the first I remember was through-silicon vias for 3D stacking and it was only a matter of time before they missed something necessary for an advanced fab, and they missed on EUV. Their foundry engineers at the same time were recruiting more engineers out of school on the basis that they were the "best in the world." They thought their position was unassailable because they had high yield at 22 nm, so they rested on their laurels and missed technology after technology before it bit them. Contract Bridge is still untouched. I'm not sure if it's because of lack of resources, but it has a lot of difficult elements: cooperation, huge search trees due to imperfect information, and information theoretic aspects of bidding. Azure has a better product (Cosmos is damn good) and Google engineers have too much hubris to import something from lowly Amazon engineers. I thought NDAs were already pretty much standardized. If I need one, my lawyer has one made for all 50 states that is just a fill-in-the-blanks document. You have it a bit backwards: the energy demand has to do with the price of the coin. You can look at mining calculators to see what the relationship is between kWh and coins today, and some have historical charts. This relationship is baked in to the "difficulty" of the mining function and the block reward - higher difficulty means more hashes per block which means more watts per coin. In turn, your power company charges you per kWh, and in an efficient market, you are going to expand operations until your marginal cost (the cost of power) is equal to marginal profit (profit from selling the coins you mine). Generally, bitcoin mining has been done in such a way that if you have access to power at 5-10c per kWh, you can mine profitably (not including the cost of a mining rig). As the block reward goes down (and it is dropping), the rewards of mining also drop, so you have a reasonable argument that the power use is transitory until the block reward goes to 0. However, it looks like this may end up being made up with transaction fees because the transaction throughput of bitcoin is also really low. Lightning and other solutions are supposed to fix the transaction throughput, but they have limitations. Without hardware support, IEEE 754 decimal floating point can have some very sharp edges. I'm sure that the C# decimal format avoids these by spending more space. I'm personally surprised that this firm isn't using "integer # of exchange ticks" as their storage format for prices... I have been using Hugo for a new blog I am starting, and I have to say that it would be a lot better if the CMS was something like notion. Using an IDE will definitely have some growing pains past 100 posts. Wind and solar also have large subsidies right now, although the subsidies are decreasing. Nuclear should have been given the same chance as the other carbon-free forms of energy: subsidize it on its way up the S-curve, then drop subsidies after the technology is mature. These aren't supposed to be seen as ads, but they are ads. I've never heard "turn right at the public library," but I have heard "turn right at the tiny dunkin donuts across the street from the huge public library." Malte Skarupke: www.probablydance.com Also: apenwarr.ca Shameless plug for my own blog: www.specbranch.com This is a classic bait and switch strategy that recruiters use. They have contracts for 3-4 "sexy" 1M+ positions open, so they dangle them in front of you to entice you into a conversation. Once they have you on the phone, they ask you for a resume they can send around to all of their entry-level positions. IMO these recruiters are a big waste of time. In my experience, they usually won't tell you who the clients are unless they are actually interested in you for the role. I have tried this with one recruiter, and it didn't work well. We have eliminated most software patents: see Alice Corp vs CLS bank. The only thing this patent covers is the physical circuit implementation, not the math. I switched from hardware engineering to software engineering, and the socket abstraction (as well as the TCP bytestream abstraction, which appears to have been part of the inspiration for how sockets work) seemed absolutely nuts to me. Kernel bypass style queues make a lot more sense from first principles. They also have a 40-50% tax on the middle class and a 20% VAT on goods. That's what they are trading for this. I am not the person you were originally responding to, but I believe that this protest has been handled in a particularly poor way. The commercial border crossings were all opened in nonviolent fashion by the police before the emergencies act was passed. The only remaining protest, which seemed to honestly be the most effective group, was the one in Ottawa. By many accounts, they did not get anyone in government to actually listen to them: Trudeau's government refused to speak with the protesters, and instead went into hiding until they could figure out how to use force to get these people to leave. If Trudeau had eaten crow and published his plan for lifting mandates, they may well have dispersed. What seemed to occur instead was that the LPC (in conjunction with the NDP and the CBC) used disinformation to circle the wagons and make excuses for a dramatic escalation in force, while refusing to publish a plan for the lifting of mandates. Contrast that with the BLM protests recently, where you saw a lot of dialogue between the government and the protesters and a relatively peaceful dispersal of the protest. Make no mistake, "account freezes" are not a normal consequence of protest, even of violent riots. The Canadian government is also talking about similar things like revoking licenses, removing insurance, killing peoples' pets, and selling peoples' trucks and keeping the excess beyond what they need to cover fines. For all of these discussions, the Trudeau government is rightly being panned as tyrannical and dictatorial. The "win condition" of civil disobedience is usually to get some imagery of the police or the government doing something really brutal in response to your protest. Trampling a Native American elder with a horse (and then lying about nobody being hurt and then lying about someone throwing a bike) and freezing normal peoples' bank accounts are pretty solid win conditions for this particular protest. By that standard, the Canadian truckers have been heard loud and clear around the world, and they don't need to keep it up, but they did need to stay until the government responded with violence. Here you go: https://twitter.com/OttawaBylaw/status/1494306645274509316?r... You can combine that with the fact that the shelter in question has limited capacity and euthanized 20% of animals in the last year. Roll a 6 sided die, and on a 6 your pet dies. That is absolutely a threat to kill pets. EDIT: I don't like politifact as a source because it has a lot of bias (despite the name), but here's a citation on the shelter's (Ottawa Humane Society) kill rate: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/22/facebook-p... Read to the bottom, where they specify that they have rated this as "false" because "The city did not threaten to kill any pets 'as punishment.'" The city merely said that they would give your pets to a shelter that kills 1/5 of the animals it takes in - a shelter that kills pets for "extreme fear" which could include separation anxiety from the pet's owner. They don't explicitly say that they are doing this to punish people because they don't say why they are doing it. Also, make no mistake, nobody is going to outright say "I will kill your pets if you don't leave," but they are going to make threats like this that provide them with some plausible deniability to say "we didn't actually threaten to kill your pet, the shelter was just overwhelmed and couldn't take it." Many people who say similar things on the internet are not being sarcastic about it, so it's hard to tell. This is a really great achievement for a fusion reactor, and actually is a breakthrough that makes me think that it might be on its way to serious commercialization. Unfortunately, a lot of other fusion news is not similarly fundamental, though, so it can get tiring to see "we made a few extra watts but the reactor still went unstable." I don't think any of those were account freezes, though, mostly civil asset forfeiture. Civil asset forfeiture is an abhorrent practice, but it is different than freezing someone's bank account. That could be related to the direct election of senators rather than their appointment by states. The change happened around that time. Of course, Canada still has an appointed senate, so I'm not sure what the distinction is. Xilinx got ahead because of the intel-altera merger. Stratix V was better than the Xilinx 7 series. Now they are giving Intel the opportunity to catch up. My guess is that AMD bought Xilinx either for fab capacity or for some underlying tech expertise that they needed. Asylum seekers are supposed to stop fleeing from war in the nearest safe country, not go choose the country that they want to stop in. That rule is a big part of why the Syrian refugee crisis is different than the Ukranian one. Also, a lot of the "Syrian refugees" weren't actually from Syria: once people from Africa and poorer middle eastern countries learned that Syrians were getting asylum, they tried for it too, pretending to be from Syria. This is not a proof of racism. These are the rules about asylum. The microcontroller space is where the cost of the ISA really matters, too. Most of the other IP in a microcontroller is cheap. If you compare that to a mobile SoC, the CPU core often isn't even the most expensive block. Honestly, the argument you made in the first paragraph is a good argument against companies getting too big rather than against remote work: what part of Google's profit comes from work done in the last 5 years? Most Google products and services were mature in 2017. I think a major reason for this stagnation in games and movies is that limitation breeds creativity. When you have a very restricted computer, your creative brain feels challenged and inspired, but when the world is at your fingertips, you have to work a lot harder to find inspiration. Combine that with high budgets and big teams (high price of failure) and you have a recipe for stagnation. In California, unfortunately, the answer seems to be "yes." When I moved to the northeast US, drivers were more sane on highways. Pretty much none of them have a solid balance sheet, though. They are all selling hopes and dreams. When something is overvalued by a factor of 100 and goes down 80% it's still overvalued by a factor of 20. Not any more. The biden administration halted oil exploration on federal land, so now we are a net importer. We are running the existing wells dry and not drilling any more. With the price of oil so high, though, I wonder if more dramatic changes to the market are coming, including massive numbers of oil wells on private land and fracking nearer to cities. Async rust currently isn't well-designed for pushing throughput to its limits, though. You really need a lot of batching and very few uses of atomic ops on your CPU to get to extreme throughputs, and Tokio doesn't generally give you great batching. I have also found that good concurrent data structures for Rust are a lot harder to find than other languages. From the outside, you can see stats like "wells produce an average of 1000 barrels a day and last 20 years" and it looks like this doesn't have a big effect. However, most oil wells have output that decreases exponentially over the life of the well. After about 2 years of life, an average well's production decreases by 80-90%. As a result, new wells account for an outsized fraction of production, and considering all of the costs involved (including high constant costs per well regardless of pumping output), new wells are the cheapest source of oil. Without new wells, the average price to produce a barrel of oil goes up substantially. The US oil industry is starting the new wells they have in their backlog, but markets are ridiculously forward-looking and you should note that we are talking about the price of futures, not spot price today. Markets are anticipating having a much harder time getting further oil wells, and they are anticipating that the largest supply of currently unexploited oil is on public land. Put another way, current production doesn't involve much federal land, but future production expansion will largely have to happen on federal (and state) land. The number of wells on federal land has been declining over its history: we are at 38,000 leases in 2020 compared to 55,000 in 2008 (per the BLM), and data presented to congress suggests that in the past, 25% of oil production was on federal land. Today, the number is 8%. That supports the theory that new oil wells will largely have to be started on federal land rather than private land. This is a particular policy where extrapolation from current data undervalues the effect of the policy. I'm not sure why you can't make a framework tuned towards a "general set" of applications that offers batching and run-to-completion semantics. As far as I can tell, the biggest problem with this is the semantics: async/await and futures models of async programming make it hard to figure out how to produce batches. This game is over. There is no way uber is getting a monopoly on taxi service. The popularity of uber has had the wrong effect: taxi companies are getting apps now, and other ridesharing companies are trying to get a piece of the action. There will not be a monopoly except in the places that are truly unprofitable to service. A lot of outsourcing decisions seem to be made on the premise of "what if it breaks?" It's a terrible fallacy. Your wafer saw (or server) that is utilized 1% of the time is going to need a lot less maintenance than a shared wafer saw that is used 16 hours a day. You will actually experience a lot less downtime by investing in your own wafer saw (or your own servers) rather than outsourcing (to a foundry or a cloud provider). I think the real draw of outsourcing is diffusion of responsibility: when it breaks, you can blame someone else. It's worth noting that this is actually a rate target, not the rate. Previously, the rate floated between 0% and 0.25% based on a market. Now, it is going to be between 0.25% and 0.5%. They can't do better than a microsecond or so without hardware timestsmps. There aren't a lot of applications that seem to need anything between milliseconds and nanoseconds. MiFID II did open a nice market in finance, but many of those companies use PTP anyway. I considered starting a competitor in 2018 when I first saw this company, but I don't have the same connections to customers that these guys do. My conclusion was that PTP precision with software timestamps would be a good company, but not something between. I hope they can prove me wrong! Spanner works fine with millisecond-level timestamps. Spanner needs accuracy, not precision: it relies on knowing the bounds on the the current time, which may be wide. The lower bounds are based on the use of occasional time measurements. In PTP terms, the clockwork algorithm involves using a high volume (~10k/second) of peer delay requests, and discarding almost all of them. Only the ones that are deemed to be "pure" are used to adjust clocks. By using a high volume of requests, they can actually average out a lot of the well-behaved jitter sources. You would enjoy reading the paper. They are making a few assumptions that turn out to be pretty good in a datacenter environment to simplify things. They are also using graph cycles to set clocks, which is a very different approach. My guess is that the precision of their approach comes at an accuracy cost, and the clocks are not particularly accurate. Twitter has a lot of porn on it, and we don't see it as "overrun with porn" or "unsafe for children." There is a way to do it right. Why not both? DO you think that there is actually a significant market for a secure open-source microcontroller? It seems like the BigCos have chosen to do things like Titan (open source but not really), Cerberus (also open source but not really), and T2 (extremely closed source). Traditional microcontroller companies don't seem to be interested. The whole root-of-trust industry is also moving towards extremely-closed-source microcontrollers inside your big SoCs. In the interest of disclosure, I'm actually in a position to start a secure open-source MCU project/company, but it looks like a terrible dead end. My SCUBA gear begs to disagree with you. So does my LASER pointer. I just started writing a blog and I went through this thought process then. The reason I don't have comments on the blog is that I don't want to spend time moderating, and I usually access blogs from a forum like HN or reddit, where there is already a discussion. I know there is some fraction of the community that searches for blogs directly, but the main engagement I get is from reddit, so most of the audience doesn't need a comments section. They can also teach you how to cheat without getting caught. They will teach you how to double down on the lie when you get caught. I have played against chess hustlers 5 times in Washington Square Park, caught 4 of them cheating on the spot, and figured out the last one at the end of the game. I'm not an amazing chess player (~1500), but fairly comfortable playing blitz (a bad hobby from when I used to play chess in school). I walked away in disgust each time, and one of them had the guts to threaten me and insist that I was the cheater. Chess hustlers are phenomenal at cheating, but only okay at chess. These are not admirable people dedicated to a skill. These are grifters. I worked at a financial company that had an exact copy of its largest datacenter deployment in a lab for full-system testing. They recorded packets from the exchange at nanosecond precision, and had the equipment to do exact playback of those packets in the lab. It was an amazing engineering tool. You could test all sorts of end-to-end performance tweaks there, and have great confidence that you were right. I also worked at a financial company that did not have one of these. The computers ran substantially slower, and lots of end-to-end performance improvements were left on the table and mired in debate. The mock datacenter cost about $10 million, and was worth every penny. What I have seen are: - Illegal moves, particularly with knights. - Adjusting pieces onto squares they are not on: edging a rook towards another square slowly, then "adjusting" it onto that square to essentially get a free move. - Dropping pieces and putting them on new squares. - Double capturing: picking up your piece as though they are going to take it with theirs, then moving one of their pieces to take a different piece. Cheating at a game when there is money on the line is no less of a grift than robbing convenience stores, and there's plenty of lying involved. That's why they are called "hustlers," not because they do it for money. Tax evasion (which one of these guys admitted to in the article) is the icing on the cake. www.specbranch.com Made with Hugo. I did a few bits of HTML and CSS, but it was mostly made with a template. Hosted on a DO droplet, with cloudflare. I was offered a GS-15 a while ago and even that was a lot lower than a starting FAANG salary for a new grad. I would happily work for the USDS or a TLA for a 20% pay cut, but the process of getting anywhere near that is a nightmare. It seems like the path is generally to work your way to GS-12 or higher, then quit and become a contractor for the same group. I should have said starting TC, not salary. When I looked at it years ago, GS-15 salaries capped out at the average salary of a Google L3. It looks like it may be a little above L3 salary today (moving in the right direction!), but still far below L3 TC, and a Google L3 job is not even remotely comparable to a GS-15 job. IMO if the government had a separate band of GS pay for highly competitive job markets which paid 50-100k more, they would be a lot more successful. In most US states, local governments are explicitly given power by the state government. It is not like the relationship between state and federal governments: the local governments are strictly beneath the state government. I have been doing some covert market testing of IoT devices that are pay-up-front and offer privacy as a feature. Nobody is biting. The market doesn't seem to mind surveillance if they get a discount. DSPs and other application-specific processors expose the cache hierarchy as a set of scratchpads. This works very well for them, but not for any CPU that is shared between applications, like a server. The US is currently run by vindictive egomaniacs and serial liars. At least Musk has a sense of fun! That's not how this sort of thing works. Musk can't back out of this without paying a tremendous sum to the current shareholders. This isn't like a private company acquisition where there is an extended due diligence where anything can come up. He has very few options to cancel the purchase if it is accepted. The conditions under which the sale can fail to go through are enumerated in the document, and all of them are pretty much boilerplate. Practically speaking, Musk cannot back out unless there is a REALLY good reason that isn't enumerated in the offer. Here is the boilerplate: 1. Government approvals - self-explanatory. 2. "Confirmatory due diligence - making sure that Twitter isn't cooking the books or breaking the law (in an undisclosed way - if they have already told you they were breaking the law, that would not qualify). 3. The negotiation and execution of definitive agreements - writing the exact contract terms. 4. Completion of anticipated financing - I am assuming that some amount of the purchase is in the form of a leveraged buyout. This is about the due diligence of the lender, which is similarly restricted. As LVMH discovered recently in their purchase of Tiffany, it would literally take an event bigger than the pandemic to otherwise get out of a purchase of a public company. There are Nazis in Ukraine, see the Azov Battalion for example. There have been several instances where western media has picked up pictures of Ukranian fighters and readers have pointed out Nazi symbols on their uniforms. That said, I don't think even the Russians thought this war was about "De-nazification" despite that being the official line. Their focus has been on taking over the Donbas region and securing utilities for Crimea (another stated purpose of the war). Also, it's worth pointing out that we in the west think of Nazis as primarily being anti-semitic, but Russians think of them as primarily anti-Russian, so claiming to be fighting Nazis is a good line to get popular support in Russia. This is a really interesting application of DL, and something that it should be well-positioned to do. I'm excited for the results! TSX has never worked, and it seems a little over-ambitious in general. SGX has a few fatal flaws in its security model, and we have moved on to newer models there. The principle of tech debt applies to hardware as well as software, and I hope they come up with a new idea for transactional memory in future cores that actually works, and isn't so ambitious. Pretty much all cloud CPUs are planned to continue supporting AVX-512. It's only the client side where they are axing it. I'm guessing that since this is a text-based markup language, a lot of people wanted a format that had a lot less friction in a compute-constrained mobile environment, preferably something that can be piped straight to a GPU. HTML is fine for the browser because it is mostly delivering text and JS, which are both processed in a CPU. Text files are inherently GPU-hostile, and that makes them a weird choice for a graphical markup language. Text files are very hard to efficiently parse in parallel because there are so many variable-length and conditionally present fields. That necessarily leads to branches in your code which GPUs are not designed for. Then why tie the format to present-day technical tools like text editors? Why not invest in a format that makes sense and the tools to understand and work with it? Also, GPUs and their architecture aren't a fad, they have been the same for the last 30 years. If you want your format to be truly device agnostic, text is a bad format because it precludes many types of devices (GPUs and hardware accelerators) from being able to use it. Most of the countries you are referring to have a higher economic freedom index than the US and even tighter shareholder control of corporations. They have nationalized industries that are mature and run at a loss, like railroads and postal services. If you put Twitter in the category of "mature industries that should run at a loss" then you might have an argument. I think they are claiming a savings on a register file, which is not nothing, but not exactly a ton. Also they save on register renaming and scoreboards, which have some gate count. The biggest thing that they seem to have is that they can compute an enormous number of instructions per cycle without blowing up the size of the bypass network. The mill folks don't care for investment. Most of them are already very rich. They also aren't big on openness: they have a ton of patents. The bitmanip extension has an LEA equivalent, so it looks like they have backtracked on this one. Secure and efficient. Money should be a medium of transfer, not a store of value. The fact remains that you can't really get "efficient" with proof of work, and claims about "secure" are dubious with proof of stake. Modern monetary theory disagrees with the third one, and so do I. I don't think a currency needs to be a store of value, just a medium of exchange. In practice, we store value in a lot of things that are not money (stocks, bonds, commodities, real estate, etc). For example, if you had a system of money with guaranteed inflation at a certain level, you could produce a synthetic store of value that is not the money. That makes sense, but I still don't think you want "valuable." In practice, most of the value of real economic systems is not held in money, but in assets. In the crypto universe, Bitcoin is more of an asset than a currency (although a valueless one if you don't consider it a currency). All you need now is a good currency. The third bullet here is basic economics. When you create demand for a product by subsidizing it, people will create supply. Practically, these subsidies mean that poorer women who could marry the father of their children will often choose not to because they are getting money from the government that exceeds what the man can bring in. It is a little bit like the effect of a very high minimum wage: it helps a certain group of people, but prices many others out of the market. Each step of the process is a perfectly rational economic decision, and it completely destabilizes the home. I have witnessed this firsthand with some of my relatives, who unfortunately behaved exactly as the microeconomics predicted. They had children out of wedlock, wanting to get married but also wanting to keep their benefits, and then ended up separating because the man's attempt to work like a dog to provide more than the government burned him out (he actually wanted to get married and do the right thing). Edit: I also want to add that I'm pretty sure the second point here is not true. Lesbian and gay two-parent households don't seem to have worse outcomes than heterosexual couples. Minimum wage * 50 hours per week is less than the benefits you would lose from it. There is literally a >100% marginal income tax at the bottom income brackets if you factor in loss of benefits. This also was in New York where benefits and taxes are high. He is almost certainly responsible for Tesla not having filed for chapter 11 yet, but they have gotten close a few times. Every time they get close, he does something in the media that raises the stock price by 200% so they can quietly sell shares to cover the shortfall. I personally wouldn't give him credit for the great engineering done at tesla. It seems like he is good at hiring decent people, and when he gets out of their way, great things happen. When he gets involved (like with the absurd touchscreen console, no-LIDAR self-driving, and the "lights-off" factory idea) it goes wrong. Musk is an amazing marketer and he deserves credit for that, but not for engineering work. Look at the events that saved Tesla: - 2016 - model 3 preorders with no backing except a drawing. - 2018 - cybertruck, semi, and full-self-driving preorders with one single prototype of the vehicles. - And after each one of these, there is a huge bump in stock price. 200% is hyperbole. These are feats of marketing, not feats of engineering. A CEO spending a lot of time in detailed engineering reviews doesn't make you an engineer, it means you enjoy doing detailed engineering reviews. It is undeniable that Tesla is successful in large part because of the cult of personality that Musk has built, largely on Twitter. That has bought his company the good grace to do preorders with ridiculous turnaround times and to lose money year over year on the stock market while keeping an astronomical valuation. The rest of Tesla-the actual car making thing-is something that an organization of several thousand engineers could have certainly done without Elon Musk given the amount of cash they had, and probably could have done better without Elon Musk. They just needed Elon Musk to raise the cash. He is exactly like Steve Jobs: a briliant marketer with a cult of personality, who people think of as an "inventor" because he likes to spend time doing that. I don't think you should be looking at this as a "solution" to any problems other than this: Elon Musk has built his net worth of $250 billion by saying things to people, and his primary bullhorn has been Twitter. Spending $43 billion to secure his access to the engine that got him to $250 billion is reasonable. Combine that with the fact that he can now put his thumb on the scale and get his tweets in front of more eyeballs, and that may increase TSLA enough to offset the cost of buying Twitter. As usual for Musk, this is a business decision that is meant to benefit him that he is trying to sell as benefitting other people. Edit - Musk's other companies, SpaceX, Boring, and Tesla, rely heavily on government subsidies and contracts. The access he gets to politicians by controlling their newsfeeds on the social network they pay attention to is also very valuable. Not valuable for Twitter, valuable for Musk. Giving as few reasons to deny your application before an interview just seems like good practice. The whole process is arbitrary anyway. I want to just clarify that I think that Tesla the company has done some amazing engineering work. However, _Elon Musk_ himself has not been a great contributor to that work, and he is not a good engineer. He is good at hiring people and holding them accountable to a vision. He is good at raising money from both investors and average people. He is good at selling dreams. He is clearly not particularly good at actually building things. Being an "engineer at heart" is part of his marketing game, just like it was for Elizabeth Holmes and Steve Jobs. Also, being an engineer at heart doesn't make someone a good engineer. Tesla has accomplished incredible feats of engineering, but that doesn't mean that _Elon Musk_ has accomplished them. Also, the fact that Elon Musk is an incredible marketer shouldn't be taken as a dig: he is clearly the best marketer of his generation and Tesla undeniably would have failed without him. It's when he or his followers get fantasies about Elon Musk being brilliant at everything that I get upset. As to credibility as an engineer, let's look at the other examples of Musk's engineering work (the ones we know _Elon Musk himself_ was responsible for): * The hyperloop is a ridiculous concept that defies physics and engineering. Musk personally wrote the "white paper" for it. He wrote that white paper because the California legislature was proposing high speed rail from LA to SF (that would be a ridiculous waste of money), and he didn't like their proposal. * The boring company makes tunnels. They are not particularly cheap or fast to dig, unless you compare their tunnels to tunnels several times the diameter (as Elon Musk does in his marketing material). I have no problem with Tesla and I hope they become a successful car company. There is a good chance that my next car 3-5 years from now will be a Tesla if the company proves itself capable of surviving a bear market and the quality issues go away. Musk has been great for Tesla in the growth phase, but they may need a new CEO for the next stage of life. Musk's "army of shills" are at least real people who believe in his companies. I think the parent was commenting about account farms that tweet the same thing over and over on thousands of accounts. That is a big problem on Twitter, and it lets people manufacture consensus artificially (which is then picked up by journos). "Funding secured" They also probably wanted to buy time for a counter-offer to show up at a higher price. Startups are the marines and FAANGs are the army. There are so many parallels. The presence of nuclear submarines is strategically important in case a war breaks out. They are there to make sure that anyone who fires a nuke knows that they can't get every silo that will launch a nuke back. Attack submarines join the metagame because their job is to find/attack and defend the missile submarines. I used to be into locksport, and particularly high-end locks. A word of warning: A friend of mine once put a high-end $400 padlock on his storage unit when he stored his college stuff over the summer. It is the only storage unit in that facility that was ever broken into. A thief saw the lock, thought they must be hiding something good, and came back with a crowbar to lever the door open. Nothing was stolen but I think they were expecting a huge drug stash. So then let's have a few separate paths instead of only one curriculum. I believe that there is a lot of value to a basic algebra + personal finance + probability math track that helps a future plumber understand everything they need for their career. Depriving college-bound students of calculus, though, is a bad move. A lot of philosophy also involves calculus-related arguments (ie if we cut up space in really small pieces, what do we get?), so it has applications outside the STEM fields. When I went to public school in a privileged neighborhood, the "honors" track was opt-in for the parents and students. I don't think you have to go straight from "the government shouldn't decide whether you are fit for college" (which I agree with) to "there should only be one curriculum for everyone." My experience with professors and the concept of "study skills" is that there is often a skewed perception of how students should learn that is colored by their own experience. Many of my classmates did not regularly go to lectures, and most of them did very well. When they struggled in a class or the teacher was a good lecturer, they went. Professors who cared were often the ones who never missed a lecture themselves. This could be an indication that the traditional yardsticks of who is a "good student" are breaking down. I would also chalk up the students generally being less organized to the stress of the situation, rather than a degeneration of study skills. As a student in undergrad, I got to know the people at the school's "teaching center" very well. This resource is available on most college campuses for the teachers who have the humility to ask. Those folks were intimately involved in MOOCs and knew a lot about how to make online teaching work. They might have been able to help, but there was a bit of a sigma around talking to them. "Struct of arrays" becoming popular may also have something to do with few people understanding structure packing. AOS has much better performance if you pack your structs well than if you pack them naively. Can E Ink finally launch a product at a reasonable price point? I get that they are trying to mostly be an IP company, but at this point, when everyone is begging for their product, shouldn't they at least consider pivoting? Their competitors in China are starting to have good products now, and I can't wait for E Ink Inc to become irrelevant in the market it created. As an ex-New York resident, I can safely say that I will never be living in a state with an aggressive revenue department again. California is the only state worse than New York. The cost of dealing with their revenue department has been far greater than the amounts on the bogus demands that they send, and somehow you have to spend the money dealing with them even if you plan to pay up. They also want you to prove to them that you don't owe more by going through an exhaustive process that is full of footgun questions. Yes, this guy is complaining because he didn't read the laws or get legal/financial advice before hiring someone in CA. However, that doesn't excuse the CA tax authority from being annoying and aggressive. If you are a high earner in one of these states with more than $0 of unusual income (and rentals count as "unusual") or if you do business in them, you probably need a good accountant or a tax lawyer if you want to make sure that you are safe. It's just a cost of doing business there. Current US employment and business laws are not set up well for remote work at all. Several states say different things about this, and there is probably going to be a reckoning on this subject soon. "Almost as fast as C++" claims about go tend to come from people who don't write a lot of C++. The perf gap is big, even though it's not as big as the perf gap with Javascript. That said, I don't think anything but Rust does any better than Go on getting the balance right. Intel has been trying to reduce the penalty for AVX-512, and barring that, advertise that there is no penalty. Most things on Ice Lake run fine with 256 bit vectors, but Skylake and earlier really needed 128 bit or narrower if you weren't doing serious vector math. Forget about 512 bit vectors or FMAs. Those are client CPUs, which have very different behavior around power management than server parts. However, AVX downclocking has mostly gone away with ice lake and hopefully sapphire rapids does away with it permanently (except on 512 bit vectors). AVX-512 finally gets a lot of things right about vector manipulation and plugged a lot of the holes in the instruction set. Part of me is upset that it came with the "512" name - they could have called it "AVX3" or "AVX Version 2" (since it's intel and they love confusing names). TIL. Thank you for the history lesson on AVX. Comparing to SVE and the RISC-V vector instructions, AVX feels so clunky, but I guess that was part of the "Intel tax." I interned at Lab126 in college. They advertised quite heavily, and weren't very secretive about their projects, except for the two new ones: the echo and the fire phone. Those were pretty heavily locked down. I used to work in HFT. I have seen highly variable practices in this case, including a "mini-knight" incident in the single-digit millions due to tech debt and poor test coverage. However, the most useful change that has resulted from the KCG debacle was adding several layers of kill switches, a dedicated ops team to watch trading and flip the kill switches, and embracing devops automation. There is a much more serious focus on having a defense in depth, and making sure that problems like this are noticed before they become an issue. Rollbacks are no longer the first action when something goes wrong: the kill switch comes first. Dead code, tech debt, repurposed flags, and spotty test coverage are everywhere still. This is pretty much why flags get repurposed. It's also important to mention that things like JSON and protobufs are too expensive for HFT, so you are likely going to be sending structs over the wire. Repurposing flags lets you change a wire format with a lot less friction than adding a byte to a struct. Essentially, it lets you change the minor version number on a protocol and only recompile the endpoints without changing the major version number and recompiling everything. I worked on one of those infrastructure services (like Bigtable). It was a huge boon to my productivity that the one version rule existed. If we had to maintain 6 past months of releases, we would never get anything done. Since breakages in our client library were our problem, getting a months-old bug means that we can just tell you to recompile rather than figuring out how to backport a fix for you. Hyrum's Law considerations got really weird, especially when people take them too far. I think this is based on the kernel idea of "don't break userspace," but its practical implications are nuts. Hyrum's law has killed infrastructure projects that could have made things a lot better, and has resulted in crazy test-only behavior being the norm. One person on an adjacent team loved taking behaviors as promises (and he also had a reputation as one of the most prolific coders at G). We had to clean up his messes every time he relied on unspecified behavior. I pushed back on his nonsense a few times, particularly when he used an explicitly banned combination of configuration options that we forgot to check-fail on, but always lost. 1.5 SWEs on our team were full-time cleaning up after him. It's a culture thing IMO. I used to be an electrical engineer, which has a strong culture of "everything I don't specify is a black box that I am free to change" (since the core products of EEs literally are black boxes with some wires sticking out the bottom). I was shocked that programmers don't think the same way. Also, the super-coders having bad attitudes on PRs matched my experience, and is incredibly toxic. I think part of it is that programmers don't like to write a lot of documentation, but infrastructure services have very long lives and naturally build up a lot of documentation. If you write down a lot of promises, you also have documentation about what you don't promise. Unfortunately, the culture of G was that docs don't get updated and you promise all observable behavior. Right here. I used to do FPGA stuff in finance and low-level stuff at a FAANG, got tired of all the BS and left to start up my own company. I'll let you know how it goes, but it's not looking great... A 0% rate distorts the market by giving out money for free in the form of loans. A 100% rate distorts the market by giving out money for free in the form of savings interest. Ideally, the fed funds rate is about equal to the inflation rate. Alternatively, there would be a "no distortion" policy if the rate for savings interest was 0% and the rate for loans was >100%. The "and assets" part of the equation is the bad part. If you have $100k annual income and a $1 million house plus $100k in a college savings plan, they're giving you the full sticker price. Never mind that you're several hundred thousand short, you have assets. I love the beer game as a management simulation. You get to see how difficult communication and future uncertainties can create positive feedback loops in supply chains. Those positive feedback loops cause the supply chain to break completely, and, in most cases, never recover. My mother and I actually "solved" the beer game a while ago based on the simplifying assumptions that the beer game makes. It turns out that the actors other than the factory actually have no power over inventory in the system, and since inventory costs the same everywhere, you should be holding 100% of inventory in the retailer and just passing inventory along the supply chain. The factory is the only player that should be making decisions about how much to produce (everyone else should just order what is coming along the line). That reduces a complicated system into a fairly simple control system with a long delay, which would be hard to solve except that the beer game is based on having almost no dynamics! The relative lack of dynamics lets you easily create a stable control algorithm at the factory to keep system-level inventory and backlog at 0. That said, the facilitators of the game will often taunt you to try to create dynamics, and you are not supposed to communicate with other members of your team (except when setting initial strategy and meeting each other) so chaos generally ensues. There is a board game, in the form of a roll-out playmat and some decks of cards. I don't know if you need to email John Sterman to get it, but it does exist. You also need poker chips or a lot of pennies to represent inventories, and a pen and paper to log how you do. This is a co-op game made for business school classes, and you won't be able to get the full experience of it unless you enforce the "no talking" rule between each player, and have some other people to compare against. I think there are two simplifying assumptions that are problems: 1. The cost to hold inventory is equal at all parts of the supply chain - this is demonstrably not true for most supply chains (in fact, it's usually cheapest to hold supply somewhere in the middle of the chain), but retailers like Amazon and Walmart have figured out how to make this almost true. That allows them to operate with less slack. 2. There are almost no demand dynamics. This seems to usually be a good first-order approximation, but we saw during the pandemic that there were some demand shifts that the system was unprepared for. You can handle dynamics in demand if you build slack into the system (in the case of the beer game, this means controlling inventory to some positive number). I think we were caught in a situation where 1 and 2 were both considered to be true, and we just violently exited that regime. It will be back - we will forget the demand shock and JIT will return since it has the lowest unit costs - but for now we are facing the full brunt of the bullwhip event while we build up stockpiles. Why don't we attempt to strip the power from wealth rather than attempting to take people's wealth away? The fact that wealth and power are correlated has a lot to do with the fact that we have these hugely complicated legal systems with a lot of gray areas. The wealthier you are, the more you can afford to look for loopholes. What if we took an axe to the codes of laws and closed the loopholes? What if we stripped certain offices of power so that there wasn't much benefit to corruption? Humanity has built systems that give the wealthy power, but we don't have to design them this way. If you paid the CEO of McDonald's the same amount as a burger flipper, you are going to get someone who is wrong much more frequently. When we see that CEOs get things wrong, that seems to be more of an artifact of the future being hard to predict than any individual being stupid. The problem with society 2 is that people have very few incentives to start new companies, except if they can use the startup to reach into the pot of government subsidies for less effort than any other job. In other words, the people who start companies will be the nephews of the officials who control the pot of money. This is what happened in the Soviet Union. The economy hollowed out under this set of "fair" rules because human nature was left out of the equation. Corruption wasn't allowed, but it happened on a massive scale because it was effective. The more "fair" system resulted in greater income inequality than the unfair capitalist countries! Forget income inequality. The metric we should be tracking is median income (in real terms). Wealth of the normal household is what we want to optimize, so optimize for it. Horribly unequal capitalism has been great for the average person. "Fair" systems, not so much. "Meritocracy" is a bad word for what people who like capitalism actually want. 2 is described based on the government funding startups quite heavily and having heavy inheritance taxes and "no real classes," where rich kids "don't usually just live on investments." This is not how your average Western European economy functions. Yes, they have free education and healthcare, but startups are still very risky and unsubsidized, and rich kids do get to inherit a lot of wealth. Risk and income inequality (in other words, the important factors for wealth creation as in society 1) are very much alive and well in Western Europe. I'll bite: The CEO would do just fine at flipping burgers if that were their job. Honestly, after only a few weeks of training, the CEO will probably do better at flipping burgers than the average employee. Everyone sucks at a job when they start out and it's a strawman to say that if you took the CEO to flip burgers for a day, they would suck at it compared to someone who has been flipping burgers for years. Sorry, but you picked out the "government funded startups" line. How about the "no real classes" and "don't usually just live on investments"? Also, it is not true that inheritance defines your wealth in modern capitalism. Most billionaires and almost all millionaires are self made in the US (ie they don't come from billionaire or millionaire parents). At one point, I called out an interviewer during the interview on his bad behavior. However, this is not a good solution. I think he learned his lesson, but it certainly cost me a good relationship with anyone else at the company. Thankfully, it was a startup and I didn't need the job. The best solution in my opinion is to complete the interview, then politely inform the HR person that you are no longer interested in the job. If you are doing an onsite interview, you can feel free to leave during the middle of the day. When they ask why, politely say that you don't believe that this will be a good fit, and thank them for their time. Rude interviewers imply rude colleagues - if they are rude to you when they are on "interview behavior" you don't want to know what they are like otherwise. I used to work at G. They put this pressure on you artificially, I think because they believe it gets you to buy in to your work due to its importance. Practically, it seems to encourage lethargy because you need to make sure that all billion of them are happy. Great engineering is done when you know what you can sacrifice some goals for other goals. People today aren't a lot smarter than people were 20 years ago, and we kind of forget that fact when we try to do grandiose projects like "replace the entire stack and make sure that it works equally well to the old stack in all circumstances." The old stack was built well for its goals, and had the benefit of 20 years of tuning. The replacement needs to come when the goals change. There is plenty of opportunity still: peoples' goals change frequently. If the goal was just to allow you to write webapps using toolchains for native apps, then you can put in an LLVM-like sidecar next to JS that has terrible performance but amazing security (I think this was closest to the goal of WASM). However, if the goal was to bring native performance to webapps means you can target your spec toward efficient JIT compilation on x86 and ARM (and RISC-V), without worrying a lot about portability to other architectures. I have heard a mix of the two looking at the WASM project from the outside: that they wanted native performance with 100% portability of both hardware platforms and development languages, and they thought they could achieve it. A great TPM (technical program/product manager - the Google term for an engineering-focused product manager) can help define these exclusions, and it sounds like OP really tried hard to get one. I'm surprised that Google didn't give them one to start. SLS is a new rocket and you are comparing its development cost to the launch cost of a SpaceX rocket without its R&D cost. Ariane V, delta, and soyuz launches are all cheaper per kilogram than SpaceX. I used to interview embedded engineers, and I was one for a very short time. I think the issue is that many embedded engineers are not good at articulating when a linked list is preferable compared to a continuous data structure. The times when a linked list is better are getting increasingly rare as "embedded" increasingly means "includes a raspberry pi." On devices with 1 GB of memory, the contiguous structures are usually better, but embedded developers often still reach for linked lists. On devices with 1 kB of memory, trained software engineers will scoff at linked lists and instead waste hundreds of bytes on large buffers sized for peak usage. The break fee is not an option, it's a penalty. Twitter can sue him to force the deal to go through unless it's off for a specific reason. IIRC, the energy use for crypto as a whole is on par with the energy use of the fiat currency system, if not higher. I don't know how gold mining ranks, but it may be well below crypto mining in energy use or well above. Mining energy use depends a lot on asset price, and gold prices are comparatively low (compared to other asset classes). Silicon and other electronic parts also get dumped into this market, when the capacity used to build those devices could be used for other things. Oh, that is only for bitcoin mining. Is there a source for the entire crypto ecosystem since you want to compare bitcoin mining to the entire gold supply chain? I would suspect that if you include shipment and storage, you are still under bitcoin mining for the entire gold supply chain. However, the point still stands. Datacenters in the US use total energy less than 2 bitcoins. How many of those datacenters are moving fiat around? Way less than half? Things like brewing tea and heating houses take a ton of energy. Moving money around doesn't! Crypto is a huge waste, and that site does not suggest otherwise. I meant total energy spend for both systems. Despite the transaction volume being minuscule, crypto likely burns a similar amount of energy to the energy consumption of the global finance industry today. This queue seems to have issues with multi-producer operation. Each producer busy polls until the previous producer finishes. What happens if the previous producer gets de-scheduled while you are busy polling? You keep occupying a core that the other thread could use to do useful work. When I transitioned from trading to tech, I realized that HFT data structures have limited usefulness when you are not also doing HFT. You can do a lot more things lock-free when you don't have to worry about adverse scheduling. By the way, there is no easy way to fix this with an MPMC ring buffer. You have to accept some chance of adverse behavior. There may be something complicated you can do, but it's easier to just split into multiple rings. If yieldingwait does what I think it does, this does not work nearly as effectively as you might think. I am assuming that YieldingWait just calls "sched_yield" once in a while, assuming that the kernel will interpret that correctly. That is a bad assumption: the kernel gets sched_yield calls in a lot of places and it means different things to different people. If YieldingWait does a proper yield, by calling futex, well then it's not really lock free any more. That hasn't really held up in court in the past. T&C sections on installs of software and click-through "I agree" buttons have routinely been struck down. The marketing of "autopilot" may end up being central to this case. It is indeed just adaptive cruise control, which is also present on many other cars, but the way it is advertised suggests otherwise. Additionally, Tesla has been selling people "Full Self-Driving Capability" when self driving beyond cruise control hasn't been figured out yet. This is false advertising, and apparently it may be involved in turning Tesla drivers who believe it into negligent killers. The driver may be able to argue that Tesla told him the car would stop, and so there is no negligence on his part. You know that's not how they sell autopilot. They sell it as something that is more intelligent than dumb cruise control, and they sell it as the safest driver on the road. They don't sell it as "equivalent to airplane autopilot." In Germany, a court ruled that they misled customers on the capabilities of autopilot and banned advertising it: https://www.cnbc.com/2020/07/14/tesla-autopilot-self-driving... The car was apparently going 74 MPH on a surface street, since the driver didn't reduce the speed on the cruise control after the freeway became a surface street. The driver may legitimately have been asleep at the wheel. The best argument Tesla has to isolate itself from liability is that there is no way that the car could have reacted to the oncoming car and stopped at that speed, even if its AI system were perfect. They would have to dodge criticism about not using LIDAR to detect obstacles early and also the criticism that the AI system didn't notice the obstruction _at all_ and could have slowed down earlier. All that said, this is not a good fact pattern for the people hoping to come after Tesla instead of the driver. However, the cracks are beginning to show. By that definition, my Toyota is 90% capable of autopilot. In this context, "legitimately" means "truthfully" not "rightfully." Edit: to clarify, the adverb "legitimately" modifies the verb "have been" in this context. You can tell because it is immediately before "have been." If I had said "he was legitimately asleep" that would mean that there was legitimate reason for him to be asleep, because the adverb "legitimately" was attached to the word "asleep." The phrase "he legitimately is asleep" says nothing about the legitimacy of the sleep, but emphasizes the legitimacy of the "is" (as in, he was so asleep that he wouldn't notice his car beeping at him to wake him up). I believe there was a study that looked only at highway miles driven (where autopilot is mostly useful), and the advantage of Tesla's autopilot vanishes compared to a human. It turns out it's a lot easier to not crash on a highway than to do it on surface roads with many stops and starts. I hear Euchre and Spades are also good. One time, when I interned at a trading firm, I visited the Chicago office, and I was pleasantly surprised that they had Euchre games every Friday. The rules are really easy to learn and there isn't as much strategic depth as bridge, but it's a great social bidding-and-trick-taking game. Since everyone knows how to play, it's a lot of fun. Duplicate bridge removes the luck: you play the hand you are given at a table, but you are scored against other pairs who have the same cards as you, not against the people you played with. It essentially removes the luck from the game. Rubber bridge and grandma's version of the game have a ton of luck, but duplicate has almost none. Stratego is also a great game, and I forgot about it! EDIT: If you want to play a 4-player "duplicate" bridge game, that is also possible by comparing to the par result, which is the best scoring contract that can be played for the hand. I am the author, and I have played bridge for a very long time: 1. Pick-up bridge is certainly possible, and you can walk into a club and find a partner. You have to be playing a "standard" bidding system with them, though. If you do this, expect to play a lot of Standard or 2/1 in America, ACOL in Britain, etc. 2. This is kind of true, except the strategies that are banned are mostly banned because people don't want to play against them. The ACBL is run by grandmas who want you to play bridge like a grandma, so they ban a lot of things. The world bridge federation is a lot more reasonable. The only truly game-breaking bidding systems were forcing-pass systems, and those are banned in order to preserve the diversity of the game (if not, everyone at a competitive level would have to use a forcing pass system). 3. I think this is correct, although cheaters do end up getting caught when their play deviates too much from "correct." Fantoni/Nunes ended up getting caught this way. I wrote this rebuttal. Nice to meet you! Your definition of asymmetry focused on asymmetry of outcomes, which I believe is worth considering, but not the usual definition of "asymmetric" when talking about games. I also did attempt to define the luck/skill axis in a way that is non-intuitive, but I believe correct when talking about games in a technical sense: luck games have information hidden from all players, while skill games do not. In that sense, bridge is not a luck game. It is an unfair game because you can get screwed by how the cards are placed around the table, but the unfairness tends to even out as you play more hands. It's well known that people shouldn't change playing style when playing at high stakes, but that they do (this is a classic Monty Hall style thing). The really interesting game theoretic thing is that it goes further than just being relative to big blinds (if you have an infinite bankroll): it's all relative to the size of the pot. When you should be making or calling a bet is determined only by the relative size of the bet and the pot, not the blinds. The blinds just provide a natural escalation of pot size from 0. Bankroll management comes into play with larger bets (at any stakes), and naturally affects pot odds decisions: if you have a $5,000 bankroll and you are facing a half-pot $1,000 bet, you should call that bet with a much tighter range than if you had a $20,000 bankroll. You can only afford to take so many coin flips. It is actually rational to be more conservative as bet sizes get closer to your bankroll size. This means that people should be playing stakes relative to the size of their bankroll, which they don't always do (the average $1/$2 player doesn't usually have 1/5th the bankroll of the average $5/$10 player in my experience, it's closer to 1/3rd). However, when the pot size is $0, people naturally treat the pot very differently than when it is even $1, since there are no bankroll considerations at all. It's not that different, if you can play enough rounds. Bridge and poker both give you that chance over a day. Magic the gathering, not so much. However, the luck element (by the human way of thinking about luck, not my definition) is much smaller for duplicate bridge than for poker. You can get legitimately screwed by finding the right contract and going down due to unusual opposing hands, but so will most of the rest of the field bidding your cards. _Only_ unskilled players will get a good result on that kind of hand, and they will give you back that advantage later. I guess you could say that the correlation between skill and score is negative on a few hands. A pro player on a cold streak will usually lose a few bucks in a cash game against new players, but a professional bridge player will beat the new players, guaranteed, even with the new players making "happy accidents." This whole nonsense with chargemasters is an industry standard practice. It's hard to find a hospital that will open the book for you. There is a big benefit to learning about how to gamble well as a kid, but that is offset (in my opinion) by learning that it is good to gamble. It needs to be drilled into a good gambler's head that they should take good bets as long as their bankroll supports it but avoid bad bets. Most people who learn to play poker don't learn that. Incidentally, I believe that it is also good to teach teens about fine wines and spirits (to expand their palates) and how to drink in moderation and avoid hangovers (to help them in social situations). Many people who start drinking early also don't learn those lessons. Kids also pick up a lot from context, so if you teach your child to gamble using a dreidel on a holiday, it is a very different thing than teaching them to gamble with online poker (for example). It's very easy to learn the wrong lessons from games like poker and blackjack. It is not faster to use SIMD by hand - it is faster to use the vector unit alongside the integer unit, using both paths at the same time. It's been on that path for 15 years, when is it supposed to get there? In terms of tech innovations in the modern day, 15 years is an eternity. Google didn't take 15 years to become a massive search engine, FB didn't take 15 years to become the dominant social network. Bitcoin was supposed to have started acting counter-cyclically (like gold) when it got mass adoption. So, 2018? Instead, it acts like leveraged NASDAQ in its pricing, and has absolutely none of the utility that a cryptocurrency probably should have. The only benefit of bitcoin is name recognition. That doesn't create a currency or a store of value. The volatility of BTC/USD has only increased, as well as the correlation with QQQ, which does not suggest that BTC will ever become a store of value. All fundamental signs point to a $0 value for bitcoin. Unfortunately, the dinosaur coin (BTC) will probably drag down the coins with utility (eg Solana, Zcash, and Monero) with it. I think Ray Dalio does a good job talking about the decline of the American empire, but I'm not sure his huge bets on the rise of China are well-placed. India also appears to have a good case for "next big empire" and it is often the case that when two world powers fight, they destroy each other. For example, the UK and Germany in WWII - the UK won the war, but ended up in huge financial trouble that caused its decline. I have also read a lot of his work and followed him over the past few years. From a more cynical point of view, I doubt he actually felt anywhere near this depth of regret and resentment until his career imploded. That seems to happen with many child stars. The vast majority of branches don't fit in the branch predictor, so it is taking no more than a naive guess about them. If you tell LLVM that the branch is likely or unlikely, they shouldn't use a CMOV, and should instead lay out the code so that the naive branch predictor is correct most of the time. Otherwise, the CMOV actually is likely to be beneficial. Words change in meaning over time. The second amendment has been hit hard by that. In the time period: "Regulated" means up to a particular standard of strength. This is why British regulars were called "regulars," because they had a particular set of equipment. "Militia" referred to the pool of people who could be called to defend the country. In 1776, that meant men of fighting age (14-60). This is different than the voting population, who were specifically landed men, or the population of citizens. In other words, the second amendment called for a fighting-age male population that was as well-armed as the military. This is why DC vs Heller was decided in the way it was. The "well-regulated militia" before the comma meant something totally different than its current meaning. As an aside, I think that most modern military weapons should be banned, but that is actually not what the 2nd amendment calls for. The right solution to the problem is to amend the constitution, not try to pass gun control laws and see what a court will approve. To put some numbers on their costs, one Soyuz launch is about $40-50 million. A falcon 9 is probably a bit more expensive - Soyuz rockets are extremely cheap despite not being reusable. If the launches are dedicated solely to Starlink and not sharing significant payload space, that is about $200 million in expenses for the year. Assuming a 5 year working life before the satellites de-orbit, the satellites launched this year have $40 million of depreciation. Other satellites have likely been launched as well and are depreciating in orbit. That suggests that Starlink needs about 2-4x the paying customer base as today (depending on working life of satellites and launch costs, etc.) to break even. That's a lot better than I was expecting. Edit - someone pointed out that the $44M figure was monthly, not annual. In that case, it might be profitable. Also, I am aware of all of the "reusable" arguments, but a SpaceX launch still retails for $67M, while a Soyuz launch is still a lot cheaper at retail. This includes the cost factors of re-usability. Most of the cost of a rocket launch is fuel, not the metal tube. When I was in school, I inadvertently realized that the biggest cheat code was not cheating. Professors will open doors wide open for you if you are honest with them and engage with them, and it's actually usually easier than going to all that effort to cheat and not get caught. During college, I focused on learning a ton from the few courses that I found interesting (and where I learned new material), and I passed the rest with a B- average. As a result, I got to work with several professors on research and as a TA, and that totally overshadowed my low-3's GPA in the job market. "Research courses" with no requirements other than work I found interesting let me pad my GPA. I graduated in the bottom 30% of the class having done two years of research and taught a course (as the instructor, not a TA). I left for a position with the highest salary of anyone in my class, and I had a company literally begging for me to interview after I turned them down for asking about my GPA. These are opportunities which you cannot get if you do not engage honestly with the material you are learning. Professors usually know when you are cheating, and professors talk - they may know that you are a cheater the moment you step foot in their classroom. They don't want to report it, though, because it's a lot of work to gather evidence and go through the process. Some professors of required courses are happy to help you if you are honestly not very engaged with the material in their course. Some have egos that are too big for that, but a lot of them don't. They understand that the course is required, so you're going to get a B or a C if you don't cheat and you want to focus on other things. All they want is for you to learn something from them, and you will still learn a thing or two by doing half their homework honestly. The back door in the job market is a lot bigger than the front door - a lot of people get jobs from referrals rather than the traditional application process, and most of the really great jobs are found that way. Cheating at school almost completely shuts the back door in the entry level job market, since your professors and fellow students will know you are doing it. Don't underestimate what you're giving up. This is kind of a cool computer, but it's not a serious approach for most problems, and doesn't have much to do with the original article. Analog computers have very limited precision due to SNR, and this kills their usefulness for almost everything aside from niche simulations and machine learning. Edit: Also, the host of this YouTube video doesn't sound like he knows what he's talking about. Microchip has been copying Cypress in new ATSAM* microcontrollers, with op-amps and comparators on the chip. I think this is about as far as programmable analog circuits will get in mainstream applications. Just adjust your signal to a good amplitude for an ADC, and do everything else digitally. So put them in the standard library or have an organization that guarantees support for the next 10 years. The Rust community doesn't really understand why languages with a standard library have one. It isn't about performance or ease of use, it's about making guarantees about technical debt. The problem is that these firms are trying to do inherently networked tasks with a framework that allows a lot of local-first computation. A local-first CRDT framework makes sense for document editing, and not really for social networking (mastodon), loans, or money transfers. Those really need to be networked. I would not suggest using DPDK with Rust, unless you want to write a lot of stuff for yourself and wrangle with some tricky `unsafe` code. Sticking to C or C++ will make your life a lot easier. Like a lot of things in Rust, it's incredibly well thought out but its implementation just isn't complete to the point that it is usable by other programmers. A lot of Rust libraries and components of the Rust STL are "half baked" in this way. It's often not. Many high- performance libraries use fine- grained locking within logical units (eg locking buckets within a hash table in the fast path rather than locking the table), which almost necessitates sharing references. I recently did an embedded rust project. Gave up on rust `async` and rolled my own asynchronous runtime on top of "synchronous" rust. It was much nicer than worrying about the type system. Since it's an embedded project with no OS, it's not hard to get peak performance from a very simple polling async runtime. The thing that makes async runtimes complicated is handling multithreading in an intelligent way, and that's not something that worries most embedded engineers. This is honestly a minimum to avoid getting sued. Otherwise an enterprising lawyer might be ready with some arguments about promissory estoppel. When I asked well-known questions like this in an interview, I usually ask the candidate if they have seen the question before. Almost everyone says "no." But if you then go on to solve the question without thinking about any alternatives, red flags go up. Even worse, some people would try to pretend that they didn't know the answer. Their line of thought to the solution would be a LOT more linear and less branchy than someone who truly didn't know. I would never fail someone who found the answer to the question, but I did note the possibilities: either they lied about knowing the answer, or are very smart and lucky to get straight to the answer. Now, I was happy if the candidate said "yes" and gave me the solution. Then we could move on to something else (usually an easier question), and I noted your preparation and honesty for the hiring committee. Almost everyone who said "yes" got an offer at that company. Almost everyone who lied about their "no" didn't get hired. By the way, this particular question has an easy way to weed out the mathematicians from people who are well-prepared: add another repeated number. It's possible to solve for both that are repeated. I usually asked as an interviewer if you had seen the material before. If you were honest, it was very impressive, you could give your solution, and we could also cover other material. "States Rights" was about slavery in the 1860s, but I doubt that most people who are into small government today want slavery back. Also, most of them have gotten a rewrite worth of upgrades during their life. The Linux kernel is a good example: most of the code you use today didn't exist in the kernel 15 years ago. A lot of code from back then still exists for compatibility purposes, but is rarely used in modern systems. As a big fan of rewrites (but not as big a fan as some), I think Linux has avoided needing big rewrites with a lot of very clever modularity in its design. Many corporate software programs do not have that level of modularity. Modularity has performance costs, is slower to develop, and "looks ugly" on a block diagram, but it pays dividends for open source projects and projects that need upgrades over time. Individual parts of Linux go through relatively frequent rewrites (eg filesystems), but not the overall framework. The charge isn't really for the FSD functionality. It's a charge to cut the line. There is a long waitlist if you don't pay for FSD. Tesla doesn't have it. Many other automakers do offer that functionality on their luxury lines. In my time as an FPGA developer, I wrote a lot of tiny processing cores that were exposed and skewed VLIW designs for specific applications. If the code isn't changing much, they work extremely well in a very small silicon area and power footprint. However, they are awful to program. In supercomputing, this sort of thing sometimes appears and works well (like the Pezy-SC2 chips that recently came out). However, they usually fail on general purpose computing tasks. It's not capitalism because a licensing cartel artificially keeps the supply of vets low by keeping out qualified PAs and nurses who could handle easy cases. Dentists seem to generally be decent businesspeople, while doctors and vets aren't, so they may resist PE buyouts for a while. My guess is that nobody becomes a dentist because they love teeth. They do it to have a stable business. Conversely, people become vets because they love animals, and people often become doctors for the prestige or the ability to help people. Capitalism kind of does become "not capitalism" when a small cartel of individuals uses these public safety rules to arbitrarily cap the number of professionals who can be certified. At that point, you have something approaching mercantilism. Rules can be good for markets, but in the medical industry in the US they are far past that point. I haven't checked, but I assume that today there are more rules and regulations on doctors in the US than there were on the entire Soviet economy. Some of those rules are good, but most of them are in place because a hospital system or a medical association lobbied to put them in place so that they could keep barriers to entry high. It sounds like Amazon's lawyers had no real arguments against his testimony or his presence in court. They could have voir dired him if they thought he wasn't an expert, and they didn't. They could have cross-examined him on some aspect of his testimony, and they didn't. Bench trials are honestly equally absurd, particularly when one party is a big tech company. Judges in the 9th circuit (CA) are known to be extremely favorable to big tech, and the conflicts of interest are obvious - big tech controls the judge's reputation and can offer a lot of future opportunities for people who agree with them on the law. It's like what happens when you sue the New York Times in New York. Juries with competing experts are probably the fairest option, honestly. The people in the jury often don't have a horse in the race. Their job is to go through the elements of the patent and match them up to the supposed infringement and see if everything is there. It's not that hard. Certain technology patents have also been subject to appeals based on what is patentable and what isn't (see Alice vs CLS Bank which invalidated a ton of patents). Those questions are more about technical issues than following the elements. Capital alone can't maintain a cartel. Investors can partner with doctors to set up a new vet clinic to help break the cartel, and there are significant rewards for both. In turn, the competition lowers prices across the board. Cartels are essentially a prisoner's dilemma without rules (like licensure) enforcing them. I know people don't like macros and pragmas, but unfortunately I have found that in cycle-sensitive code, they are really the way to go. I have found that with judicious use of those tools, you can kind of write the code in a way that feels natural (and looks normal to a normal programmer), and still get what you need. It is still slightly scary, but a lot less scary than copy-pasting the same code over and over again. Having written a few of them, the input is well-defined but the output is not. It generally depends on what you want to do with the JSON parser. If you are trying to get a generic key-value output, you can do that with a hash table, but you have to still access the keys by name. If you want to populate a struct, you should do something different for maximum speed (parse the fields directly). Programmers seem to think that code is somehow its own documentation. It is not, no matter how readable it is. Documentation is there to provide structure to the reader (no, the class hierarchy in your code and your build files do not do that) and to eschew the unimportant details. Code has a lot of unimportant details that provide cognitive load when reading it, but do not give insight. Documentation is about transferring insight. These are very different things. Part of your job is understanding what is reasonable to expect from your code and understanding how to estimate things. An estimate that is wrong by a factor of 10 can still be very useful. When you get into the weeds on perperformance, a lot of things get very un-intuitive, but from a high level, it is often not hard to estimate median performance figures for a system within a factor of 10. Use a table of common latencies, add up what's going to happen on your critical path, and multiply by 2. That will be close to your median latency. Edit - when people ask for estimates, they usually aren't asking if it's 1 millisecond or 2 milliseconds. They're asking if it's closer to 1 millisecond or 100 milliseconds. It hasn't found its bottom yet. Bitcoin tends to have these cycles every ~5 years where it goes up by 5x and then drops to below its previous high. My experience as a senior engineer at G was that most of my peers and I were working about 20-30 hours/week and collecting 300-500k TC. Some senior SWEs worked long hours, but they weren't rewarded for it, and many quickly adopt the ~30 hour/week lifestyle. That's not what documentation is for. That's not even really achievable by sharing code unless you are sharing a lot of metadata too (exact build setups, compute environments, etc.) or the code is very simple. Documentation is there to _abstract away_ all of the specification that you don't need. That is very valuable if you are ever going to work with other people - it reduces their cognitive load - and it is valuable if you are working on something complex since it also reduces your cognitive load. Python programs often need to use a lot of optimized C and C++ libraries to get anywhere near reasonable performance. I would be shocked if a webserver written in Python was only 10x slower than one written in C (or Go or Rust for that matter). In my experience, Python is far less readable than languages like go. The information density and semantic whitespace of Python really hurts readability. Fundamentally sound doesn't always matter if they are overvalued enough. Companies that take a 99% drop in stock price are likely to end up losing the last percent in a bear market based on lack of confidence from investors. Tesla has always been "about to explode" in one way or another. When will people realize that manufacturing businesses, when they are limited by property and equipment, are slow-burning? Also, "reusable" doesn't matter as much as "affordable" for rockets. I am waiting for one of the smaller companies with a dirt cheap rocket to eat SpaceX's lunch. That's actually not true. For example, the Russian Soyuz is expected to still have lower cost per kg to LEO than the Falcon rockets from SpaceX. Fuel is the vast majority of the cost of a rocket launch. There is a "last percent" when you are thinking about drops from peak value, which is how many people think about stock prices. $200,000 is the cost of the atoms in the fuel. Most of the rest of the $15 million is the cost to get those atoms to the right temperature and pressure when they are stored at a different temperature and pressure, transport those atoms, and put them in the shell. Not to mention the cost of cleaning and coating the fuel tanks to make sure that they are inert and won't react to the fuel (this has to be done on non-reusable rockets too). This is the typical sleight-of-hand that comes at Musk companies. The atoms in the fuel are cheap, but the process of turning those atoms into usable fuel is very expensive. This is the case for almost all rockets. The Soyuz is partly cheap to launch because it doesn't need a lot of special fuel handling. Wait, this is exactly what Elon Musk himself does. Remember the whole "pedo guy" incident? And all of the Musk noise recently about being conservative and buying twitter? You can buy the atoms from Sigma Aldrich or any other chemical supplier. You have to buy a lot of atoms, and you have to buy them by the liter. If you want rocket fuel from those chemicals, you are going to have to pressurize them and cool them or warm them, and you need a lot of energy and equipment to do it. That is the expensive part. Often, rocket fuels are heavily pressurized orsupercooled, and supercooling a gas is expensive. That allows you to store more energy in a given volume. That is very good, but roughly in line with other comparable companies. It's not "worth more than the rest of the car industry" explosive They could construct a sale transaction to themselves, which leads to the charge being mere possession of stolen property. Of course, if the recipient of the property had no knowledge that it was stolen, and just thought they were getting a good deal, I'm not sure a crime would have been committed at all. Dropbox's use of python was a very weird choice. At the time, other distributed filesystems were written in C++. It makes a lot of sense to move to rust. Sorry, but news organizations aren't out there doing what the public wants. Most of them are doing what will get attention. That is very different. The public doesn't want to have to give them attention, but when they say things like "X cures cancer" or "X is a threat to your children" it makes people listen. When the article turns out to be nothing, a small fraction of the people you fooled turn off your channel forever, and the rest just say "this was a waste" and go on to read the next piece of clickbait. This behavior needs to be called out and there needs to be accountability. However, there is none. Even when the stories are completely fabricated, as happened at USA Today recently. What the public wants and what tricks people into giving you attention are different things. Journalists today go for the latter, which is why we have all of these "alternative" news sources now. I've heard of newsguard and ground news. Both are biased in favor of "reputable" sources who should have been punished for fake news and haven't (USA Today, NY Times). It would help if journalists would hold anyone's feet to the fire these days. Science journalism is so bad at this that it seems to drive scientists to create low-quality studies. NPR used to be my main news source until around 2016. Despite the bias in their funding source (~90% left-leaning donors), they put out a lot of important stories that criticized both sides of the aisle. Then they got a serious case of TDS. The issue isn't that they plateaued, the issue is WHERE they plateaued. If you get most of your code output by googling, you're going to plateau pretty early. TDS = Trump derangement syndrome It refers to when a media outlet thinks that everything the Trump admin does is an unprecedented terrible action, even when that thing is humanitarian aid or peace treaties in the middle east. My personal policy on these assignments used to be that you get 4 hours free, and you agree to be billed for the rest at my consulting rate. Now I am down to 2 hours. Most of my network has a 1.5 hour test as a formality, and it's not that much longer than a phone interview. Someone I spoke to recently had the audacity to ask for 20 hours of free work in the intro call, and I just shook my head and hung up. I have not found this to be the case, but I think the usual idea is that if it takes longer than advertised, you should probably stay away from the job. Replace that with "my hourly rate is $XXX" and you will be good. Developers tend to under-charge for consulting, and this interview is likely to be a very short-term gig so you should charge more than you are worth on a long-term gig. Edit: By the way, one company has actually paid for my time to do a take-home at my consulting rate. Most of them balk. I am going to add one thing that I haven't heard here. You probably need to raise the cash in your offer by a lot. Most mid-size companies think that they can get away with offering equity at a ridiculous valuation and attract people who aren't true believers. Most people aren't true believers in miscellaneous DevOps that doesn't involve a lot of code. I have spoken to a few series-C and D companies that wanted to give me $X00,000 worth of stock at their series C valuation. I informed them that I needed $X,000,000 of common stock (at that valuation) to match the expected value of my gig at the time, or I would take $X00,000 of preferred stock (whatever they gave their series C investors). They thought that was crazy. If you pretend that the people you are trying to hire don't understand the economics of your stock price, you are only doing yourself a disservice. Can they not spend $1.5 million per unit to build luxury housing and then allow the old luxury housing to become affordable? This kind of economics has worked in the past for housing when we built a lot more units, and it's kind of the natural lifecycle of a building. They don't want to address the real cost: the building codes being ridiculous. That would require reducing the amount of regulation. These codes have real cost and they don't necessarily add a lot of quality-of-life for the occupants. Edit - it was pointed out in another thread that affordable housing has to go through the same ridiculous permitting and environmental bureaucracy as other housing. That also costs a ton, probably more than the crazy building codes. It's not a giant failure if liquidation preferences are in play. Liquidation preferences help in literally every scenario that is not an IPO. It is very common that a startup exits in an acquisition, and usually when that happens, small common shareholders get a lot less than the "value" of their stock. The liquidation preference protects you (or pays out a bonus) in that case. It has a huge effect on the EV of a startup investment, and that's why VCs and founders use them. Oh no, that calculation was for equity, not for an option. An option would have totally different pricing models, and it would likely be closer in value due to the strike prices. However, options are probably overvalued a LOT by startups. They think they are like equities, when they are a lot more like... options. Also, 10x is a little off, but I also work on infrastructure and infrastructure companies tend to get acquired rather than IPOing. Edit - as for the actual terms of the stocks in question, it was never what you were thinking (1x preference), but I probably can't say what it was. Yeah, this expectation is nuts, and it's why people who work for startups tend to be true believers in the mission. The startup has literally priced in the belief of the employees. Is this true in single family dwellings or only in apartment complexes? I would believe that sprinklers have a lot of value in apartment complexes but less value in single family homes. Not to mention that people who buy single family homes are a lot more likely to have more expensive furniture that would be ruined by a flood. Most financially savvy people would say that public company equity is almost like cash. If you are saving money for retirement, you are going to put most of your cash in the stock market, and AAPL and the stock market are highly correlated. The vesting schedule essentially forces you to save that cash for a later date (in a volatile but usually highly accretive investment vehicle). You don't have the same kinds of situations as you get with a startup where your company folds but the rest of the market is unaffected. Liquidation preferences advantage you compared to common stockholders in any situation that isn't an IPO. In a slightly disappointing acquisition (the most common outcome for a "successful" startup), it saves your butt. If you have double-dipping shares or a higher liquidation preference, you are going to make a lot of money in a bad acquisition situation. Liquidation preferences are cheap insurance against bad outcomes. Most startups have bad outcomes. However, people getting common stock are hurt by every share with a liquidation preference. It is in your interest, as a startup investor (or employee), to get a liquidation preference if you can. Nobody would give you preferred stock, which is why you need to demand an absolutely absurd premium on the amount of common stock that they offer. Also, it generally doesn't need a new class of shares, just a vote by the board. Edit: Just to clarify, if you want to hire a mercenary, you can't do it expecting that they will take the same value of your stock that your true believer investors took without any of the guarantees that your investors got. They are investing time into your company and you need to make it worth it. It all depends on when you need the money. If you are expecting to have to spend the money right after the stock vests, it may be worth 50% of cash due to the chance of a bad market. If you are expecting to save the money for 10 years, it's probably worth as much as cash. Yeah, I should have said "blue chip" stock. Public companies include COIN and HOOD, which I would say are more like startups. Yes, except that's one more trap handler to implement. And it's a lot slower than inlining the division code when you need it. My understanding is that average women get a lot more matches and messages, but start about the same number of conversations. The filtering step just happens later Wait, having no DIV instruction will result in faster code than having a DIV that traps. The compiler picks up the code that happens in the trap and can optimize it. For example, the code for an 8-bit division can be a lot faster than a 32-bit DIV on a microcontroller. You're not going to be able to hire someone senior without telling them how much they are making. This trick only works on college students and people who are really passionate. Startups have a lot of toxic expectations around keeping those term sheets secret for no good reason. Modern C++ looks horrendously ugly if you are a library writer, but on business logic it looks a lot tamer than rust. If you meant your argument about monero, it might make sense. As it stands, Bitcoin is total shit at facilitating illegal transactions. IMO Monero and Zcash were the next attempts at true digital money, and both seemed to work well for that purpose. However, people don't seem to want digital money unless its value is highly volatile, and Zcash and Monero never achieved such volatility. It's ironic, because volatility is the opposite of what you want in a currency. From 2008-2010, the Democratic party had the chance to enshrine abortion into the law of the land. They even had a perfect vehicle, the ACA, in which to do it, since it already dealt with healthcare rules. They declined. As far as I can tell, Bitcoin maximalists don't like hearing that they are betting the farm on an obsolete prototype. The ACA would probably have had equal chances. It was passed on a party line vote anyway. Besides, nothing stopped them from passing a right to an abortion otherwise. This is honestly the reason why the DNC chose to gamble on Roe rather than seizing one of the opportunities they had in the last 50 years to write a law. It's a sleazy move, and I'm not sure why they think people don't see what they are doing. It's important to note that most Americans don't agree on letting the states enforce this because abortion is a particularly sore issue for everyone. Pro life people believe abortion is literally murder, and therefore, no state should allow it. Pro choice people believe that banning abortion is oppression, and therefore, no state should be allowed to ban it. That kind of suggests that the states are the right place to handle the issue. As I understand it, the "correct" position that is held by the majority of Americans is that we should have safe, widely-available abortions up to about 12-16 weeks. That's how it is in Europe. Right now, we have two parties full of nutjobs: one party wants state-subsidized free abortions available up to point of birth, and the other party wants to completely ban them. The reasonable group has left the building. With FTX and now Goldman buying up assets from dying crypto companies, it looks like a bigger crypto crash will now start to hit the rest of the financial markets. Interesting times coming if there are more issues with USDD and/or tether. This runs into big NDA issues. The candidate may also think that you are trying to mine them for knowledge. It would not, but it would sure as hell reduce the risk of a lab leak. The whole idea of GoF research was to preempt evolution on bad viruses. If instead, the research is causing the evolution of bad viruses, it should be shut down. Those companies have connections to the broader financial markets. The traditional thought was that crypto could do what it wants because it's a fairly insulated silo. If it fails, nothing of value fails with it. If it is going to contaminate the rest of the financial system, we are going to need to shut down the shenanigans very fast. Two possible scary scenarios: an extension of the current crash or the next crash in 2025-2026. One thing: do it a lot. Set a time every day and practice. Some prompts to get you started: 1. Write a white paper on the application of a piece of OSS that you like. 2. Write a usage description for one of your one-off projects/scripts. 3. Write a technical paper about an algorithm you used in a specific instance. 4. Explain the solutions to classic interview problems (eg binary tree reversal) in written form. 5. At work, write up brief pitches for new product improvements you have. In all cases, consider the audience and what needs to come across to accomplish your goal. Even in the US, which is first to file, your patent can be invalidated by published prior art that makes it obvious. The stuff made here video is a textbook example of an invalidating piece of prior art. I assume they are going for a design patent, which they may well get (and doesn't protect against much other than direct copies). A method patent or a utility patent is a lot harder in light of the prior art. Torqueing a lock in a way that is visible is usually not a problem for the threat model a lock is attempting to address. However, this mechanism looks like it may be vulnerable to torqueing without external signs of damage. The issue I have with this is that you are effectively strawmanning this by proxying an individual's code of ethics with a society's code of laws. The laws of a society are imposed on you regardless of whether you want them. A person's code of ethics is adopted by choice. The law you are referring to is only unjust because it is being imposed on everyone. A devout monk can be a good person, while a society that forces you to behave like a monk would be tyrannical. The coercion is the difference. I think you would agree that a person whose code of ethics includes "if I shoot someone, I will promptly report myself to the police for murder" is not an unjust condition at all. However, a society that forces you to live that way in a gun-loving society would be very unjust indeed. It's not that films actually get into Chinese theaters. They all try. Some of them get to run in Chinese theaters, and those that do tend to make bank. However, those are chosen by theater owners to fill a limited number of spots, so theater owners want to make sure that it is a hit before buying. Additionally, the Chinese censors will cut off all movies from a studio if that studio produces anything that goes against the party. Disney was blocked between 1996 and 1998 for producing a movie about Tibet. A movie that was never intended for the Chinese market at all, but one that went against the party narrative. So, studios have decided not to risk it. What do you mean to say when you want to review code? Personally, I have roughly three distinct levels of things that I comment on in code reviews: 1. Does not need response, but is my personal opinion about how the code probably would look nicer. In this case, I would do #2. If you just say "no," that's fine. I can revisit the issue later. Some people think these comments don't actually belong in a code review, and I think it depends a lot on your relationship with the code and the person asking for review. 2. Needs response, but is potentially open for discussion instead of a change to the code. I would do #4 here. 3. You must make this change or I will not accept. I would personally do #6. There is no need to use "non-confrontational" language with many people when you mean to be confrontational. There is a hard line about what you will and won't accept. If it is a major comment, you need to explain your rationale here out of courtesy to the person sending you code. Most things that fall into the third category are around code style conventions and minor bugs. More substantive changes, like changes to an architecture, often fall into the second category. Edit: Also, when I nitpick your code for one reason or another (which generally only happens when I am enforcing a company style guide), I will often say "Nit:" and then use the sixth style. If you are new to the team, I will quote the guide to you. Most people don't feel so bad about the nitpicks when you admit that you are nitpicking, and that it is for a reason. I hate it when people say "have you considered X?" and mean "do X or I will block your change." It's all about communicating what you mean. NYC kicked the bums out of Manhattan in the 80s and kept them out through the early 00s. It worked really well. Wealthy people used public transit to get to their wall street jobs, and many people walked home alone at night. Fast forward to today, and it's not progressive to go after the bums any more. Now the subway is extremely dangerous and smelly, and nobody but the desperate takes it. The streets are a lot less safe than they used to be. You can take the bums off the street (and put them in shelters) and your city will get a lot better. It's just very unpopular with progressives, who happen to be the voting base in big cities. Eventually, things will get bad enough that the progressives leave, and then the streets can get cleaned up again. IMO the problem is that "politician" is a career. Now the municipal government is just one rung on the ladder, and the worst thing is not getting elected (getting fired). There is no incentive for career politicians to do anything other than what will help in the next election cycle. Politics used to be a hobby for the already successful who wanted to give back. These people were bound by a sense of what was right. Elitist as hell, yes, but at least they weren't trying to climb the corporate ladder. Most cities are run by people who would call themselves very progressive, and have been for a long time. New York, SF, Chicago, LA, and other big cities have all had 100% progressive leadership for a very long time. These same cities, which purport to have "fair" "progressive" policies have huge problems building affordable housing (mostly because they want to regulate its construction to hell). It is not due to conservative opposition, it is generally due to opposition from the left, often on grounds of "avoiding gentrification" and "keeping the character of the city." Look at Calle 24 in SF for a good example - in order to preserve diversity, a progressive organization has blocked a lot of projects that would add low-income housing to their neighborhoods. In addition, progressive mayors and city governments make it comparatively pleasant to be a bum in these areas - you can do whatever you want, including committing petty crimes, and you will get generous amounts of money for it. Economics 101 tells you that when you subsidize something, you get more of it. It's true for solar panels, and it's true for homelessness. By the way, what happened in the 80's in NYC is that the professional class had enough and started electing conservatives. Those are the people who actually cleaned up the city by forcing homeless people to take shelter beds (they often don't want to end up in shelters because shelters have strict rules), and making it unpleasant to be homeless. At the same time, they invested in things like brighter lights, subway cleanups, and other nonsense that improves quality of life (but is not "fair" according to progressives). They also empowered police to enforce criminal laws on petty criminals. So yes, this is a problem with politicians who claim to be progressive. I used to call myself "progressive" until I learned that this is where "progressive" politicians lead things. As a progressive yourself, it's up to you to call this behavior out if you want people to think that your ideology actually helps people. I am not a storage person, but I have been storage-adjacent for a while. That said, it looks like storage abstractions need a huge overhaul, and we are just sitting here pretending things are fine. SSDs are just very different devices than HDDs. Zoned NVMe, which gives an append-only log abstraction, is a big step in the right direction. By the way, it turns out that hard drives today also include a fair amount of software (not as much as SSDs, but a lot) to emulate a hard drive of yesteryear. The time of the "block device" may be over. I used to use it until the pandemic. It's a horror show in comparison now. Some lines used to be horror shows before, too, but it was mostly only bad outside of Manhattan. There is a very clear distinction between the two. Assault rifles have automatic (or select-fire) capabilities. One trigger pull can produce many bullets. Semi-automatic rifles, which were later called "assault weapons," can only produce one bullet per trigger pull. What makes them semi-automatic is that they automatically reload after firing. Many other types of guns also do this (eg double-action revolvers) and many take minimal movement to reload (eg lever-action and bolt-action rifles). This is a very big difference. A commercial semiautomatic rifle is only slightly more lethal than a bolt-action rifle. An assault rifle is much more lethal than both. Most of them have access to housing (shelters, if they feel like following the shelter's rules) and healthcare for free. That's why there are so many of them. If you look up the definitions in any source, that is what you will find. If there wasn't a big difference, then it wouldn't be the case that every single military in the world uses assault rifles with select-fire capability. Also, if you watch videos of actual military operations, you will find the 3-round burst used very frequently because it is a lot more lethal than semiautomatic mode. Only special ops troops tend to use semiautomatic mode for fighting (since they are better marksmen and are concerned about noise). Police also only use semiautomatic weapons, because they don't have access to automatic weapons. As an ex-FAANG developer, it does not test anything other than your ability to put up with BS and your ability to learn to play an arbitrary game. Ironically, those are skills you kind of need at a FAANG. It's because the WHO appears to be corrupt and incompetent. Heads needed to roll after COVID and they didn't. Therefore, the organization was seen as endorsing the terrible handling of a global pandemic. Also, Tedros needs to go. Possession is 9/10ths of the law. If they have already been paid, they are not likely to refund you. This is still a mobile chip. The real "flagship" cores should be in the Neoverse line. I am a systems engineer. I read the article title, then started reading the article, and realized it was a bait and switch. It is not about "network" vs "cache" in computer systems terms, which is what you might expect. It is about "network" vs "the (usually antiquated) file-backed database your browser calls a cache." The former would have been a compelling article. The latter is kind of self-evident: the browser cache is there to save bandwidth, not to be faster. When I have worked on distributed systems, there are often several layers of caches that have nothing to do with latency: the point of the cache is to reduce load on your backend. Often, these caches are designed with the principle that they should not hurt any metric (ie a well-designed cache in a distributed system should not have worse latency than the backend). This, in turn, improves average latency and systemic throughput, and lets you serve more QPS for less money. CPU caches are such a common thing to think about now that we have associated the word "cache" with latency improvements, since that is one of the most obvious benefits of CPU caches. It is not a required feature of caches in general, though. The browser cache was built for a time when bandwidth was expensive, often paid per byte, the WAN had high latency, and disk was cheap (but slow). I don't know exactly when the browser cache was invented, but it was exempted from the DMCA in 1998. Today, bandwidth is cheap and internet latency is a lot lower than it used to be. From first principles, it makes sense that the browser cache, designed to save you bandwidth, does not help your website's latency. Edit: In light of the changes in the characteristics of computers and the web, this article seems to mainly be an argument for disabling caching on high-bandwidth links on the browser side, rather than suggesting "performance optimizations" that might silently cost your customers on low-bandwidth links money. If you live in a rich country and are on fiber internet rather than a cable modem (or if your cable modem is new enough), you likely have better latency to your nearest CDN than you do to the average byte on an HDD in your computer. An SSD will still win, though. The browser cache is kind of like a database and also tends to hold a lot of cold files, so it may take multiple seeks to retrieve one of them. Apparently it has throughput problems too, thanks to some bottlenecks that are created by the abstractions involved. The Mill model is kind of cool, but today, many peripherals (including GPUs and NICs) have the ability to dump bytes straight into L3 cache. This improves latency in a lot of tasks, including the server-side ones that the Mill is designed for. This is possible due to the fact that MMUs are above the L3 cache. Honestly, I'm happy waiting for 4k pages to die and be replaced by huge pages. Page tables were added to the x86 architecture in 1985, when 1MB of memory was a ton of memory to have. Having 256 pages worth of memory in your computer was weird and exotic. Fast forward to today, and the average user has several GB of memory - mainstream computers can be expanded to over 128 GB today - and we still mainly use 4k pages. That is the problem here. If we could swap to 2M pages in most applications, we would be able to reduce page table sizes by a factor of 512, and they would still be a lot larger than page tables when virtual memory was invented. And we wouldn't waste much memory! But no, 4k pages for backwards compatibility. 4k pages forever. And while we're at it, let's add features to Linux (like TCP zero copy) that rely on having 4k pages. In a server system I worked on recently, 10% of its time was spent on page table walks of a multi-GB structure that it allocates flat. That was nuts to me. It could have been 0. This is why Monero is doing really well right now as a currency, but it has become a bit of a dirty word among crypto bros. For many people in cryptocurrency, the price action is the point. People are tired of saving and seeing inflation eat their savings. They want to get rich, and they believe that no investment lets them do it. That's why the Gamestop fiasco became such a phenomenon, and I think that is why Bitcoin is so volatile and why it is what it is. In my opinion, there will need to be a great clearing out for cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies to mature, and things will need to get very boring. The "clearing out" means $0 BTC, DOGE, ETH, LTC, etc. The "boring" part means things staying stable. Otherwise, it doesn't look like there is enough room for other cryptocurrencies (like SOL as an NFT/smart contract platform) to succeed in the market, and scams will be the only viable business models because they are fast. But also, it is a terrible currency for accessing true black markets. It is 100% traceable. Lots of people have gotten caught buying bad stuff because they used Bitcoin. Just use cash. Or use Monero/Zcash. These people could be part of their respective tribes because they believe that the rule of law dictates one thing or another. Many of these Justices in the past have followed their own philosophies, which happen to align with one party or another. We just happen to have people who have a very... different... idea about what the law means than their predecessors. It's still very much an open question as to whether congress is allowed to abdicate its power of rule making to the executive branch. The constitution seems to imply that the answer is "no," but the past interpretations of it say "yes." Chevron is a younger precedent than Roe. Here is a discussion on Chevron and a neighboring ruling (Auer), from a favorable perspective, which outlines some of the challenges: https://www.law.georgetown.edu/public-policy-journal/wp-cont... This is also a common theme of many recent cases. Examples include: American Hospital Association v. Becerra, SEC vs Cochran, SEC vs Jarkesky, Gundy vs United States. It is not clear that Congress can actually "delegate" the power to write laws. I'm not sure that the guy who patented this is considered a "serious" scientist. After all, he did patent a technology from the 60's. Otherwise, this just seems to be MIT being MIT: creating a trivial improvement on an old technology (in this case, moving the boost converter onto the airplane to avoid a tether wire), and publicizing the hell out of it because it's cool. That is a good point. MIT professors are usually very aware of the context of their work and the actual contributions they are making. Nevertheless, the MIT press office is a particularly egregious organization in terms of its tendency to exaggerate - my dad's lab cured cancer about 10 times in the early 2000's if you believe the press releases. In this case, I'm not sure the MIT professor was aware of the "crackpot" invention that effectively pre-empted him. Many professors don't read patents (and there are lots of reasons why they shouldn't), and I'm not sure there was a paper. One thing about patents is that if an invention is obvious in light of other inventions, it might not be patentable. In this case, I'm pretty sure that this combination of a technology from the 60's, a boost converter, and a LiPo battery may be "obvious" given the prevalence of other drones: it is a combination of two past inventions that fit together naturally (a drone + a propulsion technology). Of course, it will take millions of dollars worth of arguing for someone to say either way. I am saying that they will go out of business. They have invested in a lot of property assuming that their market share of EVs will continue to stay high, and EVs will have strong growth. So far, this has been true, but it won't be for long. That's all cars currently, unless you want something very odd, with a lot of features that are tacked on to increase price. Both - car dealerships are accepting pre-orders, but some of them basically run an auction. With some luck, you can find something you want without paying too much. I wouldn't advertise on winning the hype-loop competitions too much... Have you seen the videos? Steelmanning is a really interesting concept that has popped up in the last few years. It used to just be that "arguing in good faith" was what "steelmanning" is today, and strawmanning your opponent was rude. It says a lot about how we think that it is now considered special to try to figure out what your opponent in a debate actually believes so you can attack it on its merits. Tesla went with Panasonic. If they own their battery technology, that is a recent development. They are a big fan of showing off Panasonic's technology as their own. That is initially what RISC-V was for - it was born out of a teaching ISA that was easy to program and easy to implement in hardware. They do, mostly due to thermal expansion and contraction, fan wear, and thermal paste degradation on the card. Even so, this has a very small effect. We can discover new resources though. Look at the discussions around "peak oil." Every time people think we can't get more oil we find a way. It's going to be the same for every other resource. It is not remotely the same. Technologies in agriculture, energy production, and human health have all followed this path. By the way, it isn't just fracking that defeated calls of "peak oil" - deepwater drilling came the time before that, and offshore drilling the time before that, and so on. People have been crying "peak energy" and "peak food" reliably for the last 150 years, and we're still growing as a species. This isn't just some hope, this is the way human history has run. To suggest otherwise is the lunacy here. There are, but our species is not even remotely close to them. Also, we aren't even remotely close to exploiting all the resources in the solar system. By the way, a land war in Europe over Ukraine has been very likely since Crimea and the election of Zelensky, which some people believe was rigged by the CIA. It was only a matter of time. The evidence from 80 years ago is there. I am suggesting that the entire course of history is marked by the expansion of available resources to the human race. Not a cherrypicked 70 years. A team of 15 probably couldn't. A team of 50-100 probably could maintain something of similar complexity to the core uber app. Copycats exist using many fewer resources. Apple uses LPDDR RAM which is a very different protocol. It is actually faster than DDR, and this may be a big part of the performance difference. For obvious reasons, desktop CPUs cannot use LPDDR RAM, because you can't put it in DIMM form. ML training isn't the only application of high performance computing. Apple is making video editing machines - which is why they have the mix of cores that they do. Simulations are also high-performance computing applications. LPDDR used to be about power consumption. It is not any more. DDR uses a lot of power for I/O and SERDES links to maintain a modular form factor, and LPDDR uses a lot less power by having worse signal integrity and lower swings. They run the memory cells and the I/O faster, and as of LPDDR4 it is now significantly faster than the DDR memory products available. Backwards compatibility costs a tremendous amount of silicon to handle the micro-decoding. The more problematic aspect is things like the segment registers from 16-bit x86, which can give you a 4-operand LEA, and other such nonsense. Sure, these operands can be microcoded, but that leaves a lot of performance on the table when a modern program wants to use an old instruction (SETcc comes to mind for branch elimination). ARM instructions aren't as compact as their x86 counterparts, so they need a big cache to get similar performance on cache-bound applications. ROCm is pretty mature, but harder to support than CUDA. Its BLAS library works well. PyTorch and TensorFlow are likely getting a lot more help from Nvidia than from AMD on compatibility. The ROCm ecosystem is a lot smaller, too, so there are many fewer examples to copy. Still, if you want to do floating point math with high performance for a lot cheaper than Nvidia, investing the time in ROCm is probably worth it. It is the former, that Nvidia effectively sponsors ML libraries. If you're training a neural network, and you are hiring expensive ML people, you're likely just going to pay the Nvidia tax than work on ROCm support. My use of ROCm for signal processing has been pretty nice so far, and I think the ROCm BLAS library is up to par now. Could this be the link that ties the shitcoins to the main economy? Advertising? That would be very ironic, given that a lot of tech today is based on ads. It is especially ironic that it appears that FB and GOOG (and so many other free apps) may have been quietly propped up by crypto money. This was a fascinating read and the kernel does quite nicely in comparison - 66% of DPDK performance is amazing. That said, the article completely nails the performance advantage: DPDK doesn't do a lot of stuff that the kernel does. That stuff takes time. If I recall correctly, DPDK abstractions themselves cost a bit of NIC performance, so it might be interesting to see a comparison including a raw NIC-specific kernel bypass framework (like the SolarFlare one). > The challenge is simple although a bit time consuming. This is really the problem though. You can't ask an interviewee to do anything too time consuming if you want senior people, who often have kids or are otherwise busy. They were probably promised a very low price for their first few years, before their cloud costs get re-negotiated. Once they are locked in, the cloud cartel can jack up their price to make sure they get as much money as possible. But also, mainframes are extremely expensive, so they can probably do better on commodity hardware. The cloud is a way to rent a lot of commodity hardware. The big-brained move that they are almost certainly not doing is to use cloud services to bridge the retirement of their mainframes and move everything back on-prem with Linux boxes in 5 years. FedEx essentially does make their own trucks - they buy from white box suppliers who have very narrow margins. Ships are similar. Planes probably have slightly higher margins, but they still will buy used. Getting computers from the cloud companies is very different: most cloud products (aside from server rentals) are not in competitive markets. Looks sideways to the licensing agreement that covers none of that material I have found OpenOnload to be easier to use than VMA, although I think you can go a bit faster with Mellanox NICs. In the history of construction, better tools have not improved quality of output. People in the ancient era made amazingly fine furniture. The finest furniture made today still uses techniques similar to the ones used 300 years ago. Similarly, I doubt that better web development tools improve the quality of apps. It likely just makes them cheaper. As far as I know, Slingshot uses a layer 1 that is exactly the same as Ethernet and allows layer 2 ethernet packets to enter switches. However, it has several layer 1/2 extensions that let it look more like Infiniband to use cases that need it, including flow control and congestion control. You still pay that cost with your wallet, it's just hidden from you when you look at your code. The main monetary benefit of serverless is that you can truly scale down to 0 when your service is unused. Of course, writing a nice self-contained library that fits into your monolith has the same benefit. Let's take the web server example: The most commonly used web server is nginx. Written in C (possibly C++ now?), with no libraries except Linux headers. The layers are there to make developers more productive, not to make code quality better. In fact, layering is probably the most expensive thing that computers do today. I fully understand serverless billing, which is why I told you its advantage: scaling to 0 for functions you almost never use. But if you are running literally ANYTHING else, you can get that advantage yourself: run your "serverless microservice" as a *library* inside its caller. You don't need the overhead of an RPC to enforce separation of concerns. A small startup can pay $5/month to run a monolith on a tiny server commensurate with its use. It can scale that monolith up with use, from a $5 VM offering 1 core and a tiny bit of RAM all the way to a two-socket server VM offering 110+ cores and 512 GB of RAM. Alternatively, a large company can scale nearly infinitely with horizontal scaling. When I worked on a service with a trillion QPS and 50% usage swings at a mega-Corp, that's what we did. All our customers, even the ones with a measly 1 million QPS did the same. And their customers, and their customers, and so on. "Serverless" was something sold to fashionable tech startups and non-technical people who didn't have the expertise to maintain the VMs/containers they needed. The serverless systems carried a huge price premium too. Everyone with true scale understood that there are servers there, and you are going to pay to manage them whether you want to or not. The premium is about 10x over cloud VMs, unless you are running very specific kinds of functions that are long-running and take very little memory. I'm not the person you responded to, but I think the gist of it is: what it is is not defined by how it is used. Python, at its core, is a scripting language, like awk and bash. The other uses don't change that. Occasionally, a technology breaks out of its intended domain. Python is one of these - it plays host to lots of webservers, and even a filesystem (dropbox). Similarly, HTML is a text markup language, but that doesn't stop people from making video games using it. The developers of the technology now have to make a philosophical decision about what that technology is. They can decide to re-optimize for the current use cases and risk losing the heart of their technology as tradeoffs get made, or they can decide to keep the old vision. All of the design choices flow down from the vision. They have decided that Python is a scripting language. Personally, I agree ( https://specbranch.com/posts/python-and-asm/ ). In turn, the people using the language for something other than its intended purpose have choices to make - including whether to abandon the technology. If instead Python moves toward competing with languages like go, it is going to need to make a lot of different tradeoffs. Ditching the GIL comes with tradeoffs of making Python slower for those who just want to write scripts. Adding more rigorous scoping would make it easier to have confidence in a production server, but harder to tinker. Everything comes with tradeoffs, and decisions on those tradeoffs come from the values of the development team. Right now, they value scripting. From what I can tell, the ML community is moving toward Julia. I don't think anyone predicted that they would end up locked into Python so heavily. Awk is a functional language with a surprising number of features. Bash, not so much. Developers really do care about runtime performance of scripting languages: They often wait for scripts to finish running before doing other work, and if the sum of the time it takes to write and execute a script is too long, they will look for an alternative. All of the libraries you have cited are from the ML and stats communities, and they are not core language features. From what I understand, ML folks like Python because it is fast to play with and get results. In other words, they like it because it is a scripting language. Personally, I like that Python has kept the GIL so far because I would never run a 24/7 server in Python and I am happy to use it very frequently for single-threaded scripting tasks. Edit: I didn't decide that Python was a scripting language. The Python maintainers did. The point is that the identity of a project doesn't flow down from its use cases. Edit 2: I should have said "the identity of a project doesn't flow down from its users." Those buttons are expensive and fail relatively quickly. It's a good idea, though. I know that people do use python for 24/7 "must not fail" applications. I'm just not smart enough to write python that I would trust like that. Python comes with a tremendous number of foot guns and you have to find them because there is no compiler to help, and it can be a real pain to try to understand what is happening in large (>10,000 line) python programs. I have enjoyed D&D wiki before, and I admit that I have also missed the huge banner. Usually, I will read a page, get halfway down to the place where the rules get crazy, and then scroll up to the top to check if it's a homebrew. The banner is completely invisible! They have to keep the walls up on their garden so they can get maximum value from harvesting. PCIe devices are memory mapped in most systems now. The IOMMU and the MMU are basically the same thing, but there are separate ones because the IOMMU has to handle multiple "bus masters" - the IOMMU's main job now is to protect memory from transfers initiated by malicious accelerators on the PCIe bus. The MMU is separate to prevent contention. The fiction of separate I/O and memory space is another abstraction that carries over from the 80's. The traders are already using HF radios with lower latency. Musk companies have a habit of going all in, then claiming they didn't when the bill comes due. So far it has worked, but I wouldn't bet on the coverage expanding much for the next 2 years. The HF radios are transatlantic and transpacific using 10-30 MHz radios. The terrestrial microwave links (several GHz) have been around for a decade, and HF radio is fairly recent. Starlink will have higher bandwidth, but also higher latency. The mindset around tests that you just suggested, and clearly Holmes had, is based on a serious misconception about statistics and testing. Every test has false positives and false negatives. A lot of tests are very bad in this regard, with things like 25% false negative rates on one test and 50% false positive rates on another. When you administer those tests to someone who is a likely candidate for a disease, and combine them with a few other tests, you get useful information. If you just scattershot the tests to everyone, you are going to get a lot of mis-diagnoses. COVID has de-sensitized us to the idea of over-testing for the hell of it (in the case of COVID, this is because society is okay with a few false positives being told to quarantine and the test had the sensitivity turned way up so that false negatives were nearly impossible), but it is still a really good way to get really bad information. It is the real-life version of "p-hacking" that occurs in some academic settings. For a test to be useful, you need a hypothesis before you administer a test. Serial testing only solves the problem if the tests are independent. With complicated medical tests, they often are not independent - for example, you can have a genetic factor that makes you reliably test positive for certain cancers. Note that COVID tests were generally independent (although not completely). If you want to flood hospitals with false positives that sounds like a good hypothesis. Then the people who actually do have cancer will not be taken seriously. Here's an example: Suppose you test for a cancer that is very common, and 1 in 10000 people have it. Also, suppose you have a very accurate test with a 5% false positive rate and a 5% false negative rate, and those false positives are sticky. If you 10000 people the test every week, 501 of them will reliably report positive. Every one of them will then report to the hospital with the cancer. Now the hospital has to deal with finding the one true positive before injecting people with literal poison to get rid of that cancer (chemotherapy). Since the hypothesis is "some people get cancer," you will find all of them! And you will find a shit load more of them who do not. Compare that to today, when your doctor says "you have a small lump in your body, let's test you for cancer" - that 5% false positive rate will mean very few false positives, so a positive cancer test means that you are ready for invasive treatment. Data is not information. You need information to make decisions. "Serial testing" only gets you data. That's why we only do it with "informational" tests like the Chem 20 and the CBC. Most pass-through structures already require you to pay social security and Medicare taxes in the form of the self-employment tax. This hits a lot of people really hard, since you are paying both the employer portion and the employee portion of these taxes. The only exception today is the S-corporation. However, S corp owners still have to pay themselves a reasonable salary (for consultants, this is usually set to 50% of their billing rate), and pay SS/Medicare tax on that salary plus payroll taxes. The loophole closure should only affect how S corps are taxed, and effectively would eliminate the benefit of them. I'm not sure it would get nearly as much money as these people think. Edit - the way this is worded makes me think that this is a 3.8% surtax on pass-through income, not just closing the S corp loophole. Pass through income is already the most heavily taxed form of income, and taxing it hurts small business owners the most. This calculation illustrates the problems of subtracting a big number from another big number. Here's some of my math: * Each customer brings in $1.2k/year. * Satellites have 20 gbps of bandwidth, and consumers today are reporting about 50 mbps links. * Maximum capacity is then ~1000 customers/sat because a 50 mbps connection takes 100 mbps of capacity to run duplex, and you need to double that again because customer data needs to get to backhaul. * Satellites will spend significant time over water, and even more time over people who aren't paying - remember, metro areas all have cheaper cable internet. I would give these ~10% capacity at most. * Satellites have 5 year life, but some fraction of them fail early - let's say that averages to 4 year replacement, and that estimate is at the high end of Musk's original estimate. * One satellite is capable of $1.2M annual revenue, assuming 100% utilization, or $5M revenue over its life. * Satellites cost $250k to manufacture, and $1M to launch ($50M per launch of 50 sats, making the math simple). Let's raise the unit cost to $1.5 million assuming a very good yield on satellites making it to orbit. * The profitability of a single satellite is heavily dependent on utilization: At 10% utilization, each satellite makes $500k of revenue over its life. Satellites have to run at 30% utilization to break even. * Customers receive a ~$1k subsidy to access the network in terms of the discount on the dish. This means we have 1 year per customer to break even on the customer. Assuming 3 year customer/dish lifetime (and assuming we will subsidize dish replacements when they break), we have only ~$2k margin per customer over 3 years, or $700 per year amortized. * Now, the per-satellite gross margin drops to around $3-3.5M. This means that you now need up to 50% utilization to break even on a satellite. What this all means is that starlink, if it is ever profitable, will be profitable based on niche use cases where they can charge extremely high subscription prices. Use cases like airplanes, yachts, offshore oil platforms, and military deployments. Customers who aren't paying a lot per subscription are dead weight. By making slightly different assumptions, we have dramatically different conclusions. I did a lot of work on the company I am bootstrapping. I also read about the pcg random number generator, and a bit about the feuds between its inventor and a competing research group that invented the Xorshift random number generator.