Medium skilled men are coders. High skilled men are coders. ... High skilled women are coders. Selection bias. Just wanted to point out the humblebundle for Pathfinder role playing game. Super cheap,get all the materials What about the energy it takes to grow one human? What babble. So much is wrong with that article, I don't know where to begin. The only thing right was the signing away of copyright is bunk. It feels like its almost a fear/adversion to completion. Weird question..Do you tend to fail to shut doors all the way? Sorry. Not impressed. My reaction was based on several reactions 1. I heard more convincing music composed by AI a decade ago. 2. It suffers from the same pointlessness that seems to plague these attempts: Disjointed, monotonous, doesn't go anywhere. 3. The exercise did not place itself in the context of other approaches to AI music compodituon. I apologize for my rudeness and brevity. Unfortunately Opera just wants to sell your web history. To sell your web history themselves. Just to sell All your web history themselves. Wow Cool. It would be cool to pair it with a visualization so I can get a sense of how the sound and the classic Mandelbrot fractal shape correspond...if they do. Just want to say that it is incorrect to say that cognitive scientits dont talk about awareness of mental models, or awareness if mental processes. It is a field callee meta-cognition....and its a really cool field...and the phenomena are measureable. Cool article though. This article is poorly thought out clickbait. Few cognitive scientists think about cognition the way that is being suggested, anf the suggested replacement is next to useless. I study the neuroscience of episodic memory. Episodic memory requires one shot learning critically dependent on the hippocampus which is posited to use operations of pattern separation (to reduce intereference for distinct memories with similar features) and completion ( retrieve whole from partial input of features) to encode and retrieve bound representations, respectively. Prior to the hippocampus are operations that detect feature novelty in the perirhinal cortex. In contrast to these functions is the slow learning of the neocortex which supports semantic memory. Episodic and semantic memory funcions are intertwined in a complex way. Seems to my mind that deep learning is the cortex, and the binding function is the hippocampus. Add some executive control functions to guide learning strategically and it will start sounding eery. require JavaScript? is this real? Interesting derivation, but why not Receiver Operator Characteristics(ROC)? In recognition memory research we often collect confidence ratings on a 6-point scale for yes/no decisions, for example, and plot ROC curves, and calculate d' discrimination scores. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_character... Or am I missing something. This is the field of meta-cognition in cognitive psychology I disagree about the songs creep and smells like teen spirit being generic. These were exceptionallu crafted pop songs that expressed heart wrenching emotion. Nothing like the typical pop song at all. BASIC INCOME Being poor is hard. There is no flexibility to be nimble around hardships or mistakes. Its easy to make money if you have money. But try to start a business with no backup funds.or credit line? The first time your vehicle breaks down can put your business in a death cycle. You can't disprove a null, just fail to reject the null. Failing to find the Higgs would not have provided evidence that the Higgs did not exist. As someone who is trying to educate himself on concepts in machine learning, I appreciated the 101 overview on gradient descent optimizations. I love how most of the approaches to these optimizations are relatively straightforward, conceptually, to understand, even if their implementations and rigorous proofs will require more work to get through. The ability to destroy outpaces the ability to create and preserve. Destruction is inevitable. When the ability of the rogue group or individual can slaughter millions, pervasive monitoring may be the only path avoiding extinction, without giving up on technological advancement. These are two hypotheses,despite my strong libertarian leanings, that I find difficult to reject. Mass surveillance hasnot been effective yet . yeah, but what about compress, encrypt, compress, encrypt .. compress? :) I dont see any other article on the internets discussing these results In a large part these credit card services offer little innovation, but a whole lot of rentier profiteering. It seems to me maybe time that credit and bank cards become regulated as a public utility. Swipe fees over a nickel are probably exorbitant these days. What a crap article. Moving essay. I've been getting this error from CSV I created in Ubuntu. Glad to have learned what this was about. Firefox has a great feature where after typing a query a menu of search engines appears immediately below. Very convenient and allows me to mix up my searches across the search engines very nicely and easily. Yahoo got bilked by Mozilla..and probably the best thing Yahoo ever accomplished. All those egg eating dinosaurs really had it coming didn't they? I never understood the argument either, but I am no physicist. Start with the table racked (e.g. order) and break. One can easily discern the direction of time as the table goes from order to disorder. I'm a post-doc still waiting to earn enough to just pay my way. Keeping up with my peers just means manage to keep my apartment. "Paul argues that the right name for what many are calling “Universal Basic Income” should be “the citizen’s dividend.” This concept traces back to ancient Athens, and in America to the writings of Thomas Paine. In Paine’s conception, the dividend was based on shared ownership of natural resources — and this is just what we’ve already seen done in a country like Norway, in Alaska, and in a notable experiment during the 1970s, in a small town in Manitoba." I often describe basic income to my friends here in America as a National Inheritance earned by our forefathers for building a great and rich nation. This is to help people realize that this isn't charity..It the dividends from the stock of being an American. By chance yes. But the frequency of events of order to disorder is less than order to disorder, because ultimately, the universe tends towards entropy. Yes there is risk...but so much investment is made by those that can afford to risk it..that is the risk of losing the investment is not losing your home and car or being thrown to the street. If risk is defined by surplus money alone then yes, investors take risks, but if you define risk as the chance of losing your livelihood and basic needs? Typing on a keyboard entails more risk. When the poor takes an investment risk of $1000 they risk more than some elite putting up $1000. You are arbitrarily limiting the scope of risk to a unit of account without regard to what those units of account do or do not afford one in the world. That is too limited a definition to be useful IRL. In truth my original comment was to point out that the holding money comment was misunderstood to mean keeping money under a pillow when I took it as it takes money to make money, and those that have money risk little in terms of their physical welfare. Until the constitutional right to communicate unintelligibly is declared invalid, encryption will remain constitutional. [snarky comment about opposing political party placed here.] Imagine the singularity and you can see that new jobs will not always pop up. absurdum ah the rentier economy. Sure this is about pacemakers, but cant we say something similar about the rest of our body? So renter forgot to check if the renter had been verified and had a valid credit card on file, blames airbnb for not making it even more obvious than it already is how to check verification of a potential renter. OK. Yes and no. A regular renter is better UNLESS the owner wants to use the property when desired, or as in the present story, or the property will be vacant for a short amount if time. dysonspheres are cool, real cool, but how does the dyson sphere wikipedia page get to the front page of hacker news? isnt a dyson ring good enough? http://extension.psu.edu/natural-resources/wildlife/landscap... Replace lawns with plants and trees found in your local ecosystem. Gives them a home. In the central valley.of California, that means oak trees, and drought tolerant plants. humans mime my deep algorithms but my magnetism they fail to achieve as I play with some killer rhyme densi-tay. by your AI rap overlord Seriously, I misread the title as "Traits of a(n) ancient programmer" My first thought was "proficient" and the correct answer to the original title is 'ancient.' Subjective ratings often predict reality quite well. I bet the smaller countries tend to have lower test-retest intra-class correlations, olympics to olympics. This. Prosecutorial Discretion + Opticon State = Totalitarianism This ain't your Daddy's 'The Wire' IRL. Post-hoc power assessments? c'mon e.g. Hoenig & Heisey (2001) provide evidence that several different approaches for calculating post-hoc power are flawed and can produce misleading conclusions. Once a confidence interval has been computed, there is no additional information that a post hoc power calculation can provide. Nevertheless cog neuroscience has had a bad habit of using small samples, sample sizes that developmental cognitive neuroscientists have criticized. I dont think it is hard for outsiders to get in. I am exactly one such outsider. It is true that being in a good lab helps a career, but these are nepotistic organizations. Join one as an undergrad to get experience then apply to one as a grad student or a paid research specialist. Ive seen that 100 more times than family members of colleagues. post hoc power calculations are inappropriate as they merely restate the p-value in a different form. No new information is gained. Reads like a big PR release for a budding industry....but since I am a huge fan of space exploration... I'm totally cool with it. Space-based mining may solve dwindling availability of rare elements useful in industrial processes made profitable by realized cost reductions in space travel. "This is only the beginning. The same ceremony will be repeated at the secondary master key facility in early 2017 before being used in anger for the first time at a third get together in Q2." ??? The smiling oppressed sex slave may indeed be happier than the frowning oppressed sex slave, but the frowning self empowered wealthy woman is likely happer than either the smiling or frowning opressed sex slave...on average. Down vote is interesting. I was using an example to illustrate the fallacy of the grandparent's argument, and apparently the choice of 'sex slave' as an example of a bad situation someone might find themselves in left a bad taste. Maybe, however the point was that just because someone might be miserable in a bad job that requires forced smiles doesnt mean that the forced smile doesnt have a positive effect, just a smaller effect than the o e associated with having a bad job. ah. That was quite unintentional. I was using extremes to make a point, not to associate the two separate examples. However I can see how some might arrive to that inadverent conclusion. I love how you are led to believe that he is moving the 1 person from the left to the right track in order to safely drive the train left. lol fewer, not less To a certain extent I disagree. As long as you have to pay your taxes in the sovereign's currency, and failure to pay those taxes has real consequences, there will be demand for that currency... I agree. Most historical cases of hyperinflation had major structural/sytemic issues limiting production capacity relative to demand. Currency creation is only a problem relative to the capacity to produce. Most historical cases of hyperinflation had roots in limitited.production capacity from externalities e.g. war. I think public confidence is not as important as the denomination inwhich taxes must be payed...and inflation was happening because they had limited domestic production capacity and could not afford to buy foreign goods. a rocket explodes and suddenly everyone turns on the golden boy. in other words, journalists just making noise. No. It is not that rocket exploding is not a set back. Of course it is. BUT, it is not a set back of the magnitude the press wants it be. This is inherent to the rocket business, especially when those rockets are new technology. You are too dismissive. It seems that one can conceptualize natural selection in terms of a multidimensional fitness function that modulates over each iteration. Then one might ask whether, given our current understanding of processes of inheritance, the complexity we observe could have evolved by those processes given the age of the earth. If not, then our understanding of evolution is either incomplete, or our evolution was 'helped along' by an intelligence, which btw is not an appeal to supernatural intelligence, but alien intelligence. Naturally these last are unlikely, but that is not the point. The point is that the question is legitimate. It may be that the information density of inheritance is much higher than assumed, both inheritable dna and epigenetic factors. I am no expert in genetics, but sometimes when I hear about rapid evolution during epochs of high stress, e.g. changes in climate, I wonder whether this rapid evolution is enabled by conservation of past genetic solutions that are currently dormant..—solutions that get switched on (i.e. expressed) in epochs of high stress/strong selection pressures.. It seems that if it is possible to preserve past evolutionary solutions which can get switched on and off, this would increase fitness of a lineage by enabling faster adaption. Instead of waiting for random mutation to do something meaningful and beneficial, allow/encourage mutations to occur in such a way that "uncomments" or "comments" out previously generated code fragments, so to speak. again, i know little of this field,but i love to speculate. But not eating is even less suffering. that is one hell of a dilemma. indeed my ignorance is such that my intuition could easily be known already or falsified already by the literature and would not know it. While ycombinator tends to be inhabited by professional and intelligent men and women, they hail from a number of different disciplines and backgrounds. That is to say, Hacker News is not an antibiotics specialist blog/forum, and people would like to converse and learn from others more broadly than you are demanding. perhaps. Exactly, and I'd be silly not to expect other countries to do the same to the U.S. I do not grok a good reason for Leprosy to be renamed to Hansen's disease. Leprosy is an ancient name for this disease. they will try and try and try until the people blink...and it takes just one blink. meh. These are not new ideas, and probably seem rather obvious to those who think about evolution and fitness functions. I suppose however, there is some good in making this point more salient to cognitive science theoriticians however. and why was that worth -2 moderation? I AM a cognitive neuroscientist; I certainly am not denegrating them. Cognitive scientists are used to contrasting percepts with objective reality, hence all the facinating illusions they love to demonstrate. Evolutionary theorists are used to counterintuitive ideas that result from putting fitness functions at the forefront. I would not have thought that putting the two together is a new idea. To be specific, I was not conplaining about the article. It is an interesting subject. I was providing context for those reading the popularized article which tends to oversell these things. but whatevs prick. im sure its all about 40 year olds not wanting to work 70+ hour weeks all the time. Nice write-up...gave me some ideas, although I am still new to my raspberry pie. Perhaps I missed it but one large advantage of badic income is 1: not means tested—losing benefits because you found a better job is a huge problem with current systems. I know from first hand experience as I went through school. 2: Universal and free market oriented. You are not told how to spend that income and you can then use it to support small business/entrepreneurial endeavors. Given the nature of fiat currencies, taxes are irrelevant except as a means to control inflation by removing excess circulating currency. Moreover, a certain quantity of currency in circulation leads to inflation only relative to a given capacity to produce goods and services. Given that our economic system sees only very limited inflation, and can quickly ramp up production further, your arguments seem mostly strawmen. Given the nature of fiat currencies, taxes are irrelevant except as a means to control inflation by removing excess circulating currency. Moreover, a certain quantity of currency in circulation leads to inflation only relative to a given capacity to produce goods and services. Given that our economic system sees only very limited inflation, and can quickly ramp up production further, your arguments seem mostly strawmen. Well many do not recognize that taxes are a mechanism for controlling inflation, so this point was not targeted at you, obviously. I suppose that my previous comment's wording could be construed as assuming we couldexist in a post-scarcity economy. That was not intentional. However, universal basic income does not require a post-scarcity framework to be workable, and the claim that universal basic income will cause inflation to 'spiral out of control' is left unsupported. Money is currently created out of nothing through the banking system, and the FED controls inflation just fine through various mechanisms e.g. setting interest rates. Basic income proposals can have similar inflation controlling mechanisms e.g. tie payouts to inflation rate or changes in tax rate. In any case inflatuon caused by basic income could be offset by increasing the fed interest rate which is currently near zero. Means testing is how you would LOSE political support. There has not been UBI so history tells you little. By supplement the market you mean demo of what exactly? From title thought this was an article about Trump. don't down vote me. I finally got to 100 :) update: comment referred to original title, not current. a down vote for a question? Classy. I do know what a demo is. But the submission had no information. Is it a demo of the capabilities of the Rasberry pie? A demonstration of someone's ability to write electronica on a rasberry pie? To be fair to yourself, kids often disappoint their parents, but this is more on the parents. An anecdote: My dad was driven nuts by how much time I wasted as a kid and teen on gaming, and how it seemed that I had few productive interests,never built anything, and stopped projects as soon as I got bored.. He wanted me to be obsessed with something, but few teens are obsessed with anything but not being lonely, social interactions more generally, and just following a random walk exploration. Dad never won those fights to make me serious then. But you know what? As an adult, I am quite different. I am now a post doctoral fellow conducting cutting edge neuroscience, having completed numberous complex, long-term research programmes that have required obsession, grit, and a determination to perfect his craft. If your kids can avoid the usual pitfalls (e.g. a serious drug addiction) Im sure all your efforts will come into fruition when they are ready to committ themselves. Today I buy my son Rasberry Pie's, laptops with GameMaker installed, etc hoping he too will find an obsessio. But he too resists i.e. stops as soon as he is bored. C'est la vie Not a creationist, but a common argument against the earth being only several thousand years old is that star light must have taken much longer to get here given c. However, the simulation of those photons could have begun in transit, as you say. I grew up in a neighborhood of dirt and chicken coops. My parents made less than 12k $ per year as I grew up. My parents never attended college and did not know the first thing about it. My privileges included a stable family that pushed me to succeed where they had not, and an above average IQ. I got through college with my family on student loans, stipends, and food stamps.And you know what, my kids will have opportunities I never even dreamed of. There is no better feeling. You decide for yourself what my anecdote is worth. And I wanted to add something else because you make some very good points. When I first went off to college I failed. I did not know why I was there or how to do things. I dropped out and worked various jobs e.g. graveyard shifts at AMPM for two years, pizza delivery for a year, driver for a repoman repossessing cars..let me tell you that there were some pretty dark years then.. But I did succeed after failing The point is not so much a libertarian fairy tale though. It was only after I met my wife and started a family did the focus of my life come together with a vengence. It was only because I received a lot of support from a supportive wife, a stable dad and mom, a good graduate advisor,and a minimally sufficient social services system. Without these I would not have succeeded coming from where I did.. To be a parent is to worry :) Very interesting. Thanks. I attended a recent talk of a leader in bringing drugs to market (not naming names). The current trend in pharma is moving away from R&D to S&D. i.e. Search and Develop. They search for promising molecules developed by startups or by government, then develop that into a final product manufacturing process. Most of the research drug failures are committed by third parties and do not cost big pharma anything...shoukd not contribute to the cost of drugs angband zandband sangband I died in them all. fangraphs has good, data driven baseball articles. In the past one might reasonably expect to meet your representative at the local pub, tea and coffee house. You'd say, "Hey Sally, we should really do something about patent reform" and she'd say "Bob, I agree. There are two bills that are being ..." Right now, it is nothing like that. My representative lives in another town, and I have never even seen her face in person except at a rally. This should be unconstitutional. The point of the Senate is to represent States, and the House, the People. We've screwed both up, and each does neither. the article is interesting but its style doesn't mesh with title...i.e. Music Theory for Nerd, but then explains what a sin wave is, and apologizes in advance for the 'scariness' of log scales. Nerds know and are not afraid of sin waves and log scales...its as if the author doesn't know his audience. at 3ok they might not know your name but they probably shop at one of the same three grocery stores. I hate the Google News AMP section from my phone. I don't know if related but it seems to have also disabled opening google news results in new yabs on Firefox on Android ever since they changed the page. Well. Maybe it is not the same for you, but hangout messages get archived as emails in gmail. so search gmail maybe? Hiccups and lags are seen in all browsers and is due to bloated websites. Also, Chrome will write just as much to your SSD as Firefox Reviewers make specific and general comments. The general comments are usually ledd important but serve as general reminders, for example, to check for typos, to bettersituate your findings in context, and the positive aspects of having converging, objective measures. These generalities usually cut across disciplines and take no real expertise. It is thr specific reviewer comments that make or break a paper. These fabricated reviews do not produce specific, intelligent reviewer comments, just the general comments that sane scientists do not resist or think much about. Fascinating...and if the person really knows what he is explaining (I'm in no position to tell) it certainly answers questions I had about how random mutations can be so effective in improving survival rather than leading to death. Just fascinating. Thank you HN I fully imagine that the author does so. Indeed, the author mentions running simulations, and the like. The article's title on statnews.com bugs me, I admit I have not investigated this case, but... I suspect it wasn't that graying old man that discovered that molecule, but that man's brilliant but underpaid post-doc that discovered that molecule. This is my thought also. nice! That is really useful for me to put together the basic facts as now known without sensationalism. Does this classify whole graphs, or nodes into communities/classes? I know little, but how about classification of neuro–developmental disorders from network graphs derived from resting state fMRI? Yes. Fuck cancer. Took my grandmother, and took my friend. Took your grandfather. Took your friend. Fuck cancer. I always answered hit the wall when there was a wall—shouldn't have been driving that fast near pedestrians. When asked to choose between a doxtor and a homeless man, I hit the doctor. The doctor took an oath, and tje homeless man may be a lost sheep, so to speak. but wifi extenders have been on the market for a long time and are easy to use People are offering their house for free and bnb is managing those transactions for free. title should credit homeowners morebthan airbnb, IMO Opportunity costs are damning. Even if brain training games were modestly effective, they hold an opportunity cost: The time you could have been spent doing cardiovascular exercise that has demonstrated robust positive effects on cognition. yes yes. Of course, but there people have only so much time...and many people are NOT physically active. Sure do your 'brain training' (if it works) AFTER you've done a decent amount of cardio, but cardio should be the goto. So in the real world, are there developed techniques to build relatively complex models that account for covariates and sources of variability (e.g. random effects) and repeated measures? or random error. It fels as though AMP is putting a wrapper on the internet. No thanks. I agree. Argue with your peers, not with the internet—but open data your sets after you publish the several studies you get. The core problem are grant procedures. Universities get a 20%+ cut of grants a professor eecieved. Therefore they wants professors who receive lots of grants. Grant awarders are judged on their ability to choose applicants that create value using those funds. An easy metric is papers produced. And those who publish lots of papers in the past is a good predictor of future production. So these are the applicants that get funded. Another problem is the lack of funds for professor positions relative to the number of trained applicants. With so many qualified academics, departments have to use some metric to base decisions, and publications is more measurable (grant $$$) than scientific value. Yes. But there is variability per institute and so was trying to be conservative in the lower threshold of the percentage cut. The university cut does make some sense. There are a lot of services on which PI's rely. Administration to handle hiring processes. Building maintenance and plumbing. But per usual, instead of just covering costs, it is viewed as revenue on which to grow the university (and admin pay). Actually, I am not sure whether university cut factors into funding decisions at NIH and the like. This is not HN quality IMO, and I'm newish here. I do not think decision making is a good model for this concept. Culture is. In particular: Traditionalism vs. Progressiveism as cultural influences: the former acts to not overfit current conditions, while the latter tries to fit current conditions. Both influences have been critical for human survival. RealClearPolitics used to have a great interface. Very usable. Very distinctive. Then they went all modern and ruined it. I attended a primer lecture on tbe immune system. Holy hell. At least 200 different types of T cells. At least 200 other types of immune cells. Then there are all their interactions, signaling, locating, memory functions. I honestly dont know if one can ever get a handle on the complexity. For a large part we understand how two particles can interact. Simple rules. Put together 200 of those particles, predictions become very difficult and complex. As the articles argues, selective releasing of true facts cant paint a false moaaic. Interesting article, BUT yes, it would be nice if a date was added to the article title. Here is the libertarian response, maybe: I'm not going to feel we should protect the oil industry because of potential economic disruption. Winners. Losers. Free Market. Credit markets are about predicting future trends and credit worthiness. If creditors do a poor job, so be it. This argument is generally pursuasive to me most of the time. Should I be convinced otherwise in the present case. -a layman. a direct payment to families would be more effective. You were good until you stereotyped Americans, ignorant fuck. I doubt that the majority of dismissive comments come from such an apparently informed perspective as your own. Many likely come from people who know a little, and who want to say something on HN, and (in true hipster fashion) take the safe route and trash the idea rather on vague hand waves, than sticking their necks out to support it. That is the attitude I believe was frustrating the grandparent. HN title contains a misspelling: insucure should be insecure Unless insucure is a Python package I do not know about. To be fair, most times articles coming from mainstream news organizations do not offer anything new to learn for the professional readers of HN, readers likely to have already encountered the arguments presented therein from years past of reading and learning. That is, NYTimes articles and the like frequently make weak arguments that support a preexisting opinion or agenda, and are meant for consumption by the non-professional general populace. There was a time, for example, that NPR and PBS provided informative information to me, but as I grew I began to realize that I knew what they were going to say before they said it and that further growth required better information sources. This article is one big downer. Being realistic is one thing, but this read more like a hit piece than anything else. I also dont like computers anymore. Its from being on them all the time. I want life apart from the screen. Then I get bored. Would the president have that authority? Agreeing with the sentiment, but massively editoriaizing the NPR article arent you. These will be important in the impending AI wars. If police use excessive force and fuck a guy's constitutional 'bullshit' then they can stand some more 'excessive, yet Constitutionally protected bullshit' in return. phew. Free global wireless internet lets every device in your home spy without an easy way to firewall it off. And why was that down-vote worthy? Globally available FREE internet means that devices in our homes could bipass our routers to signal home with little ability to oversee and limit that signaling save throwing the device away and a faraday cage. Today the same is also possible with 3/4/5G antennas, true, but the cost of sending data over cellular networks on billable data accounts is probably just too cost prohibitive for IoT device manufacturers to do, so they just do it through your wifi. For a young project 2 years support cycle makes sense given rapid changes are probably still coming. Let it mature another several years.. You forgot your tag. This is the ending of neoliberalism, with its focus on identity politics while staying cozy with business, and the re-dawning of the FDR liberalism. I can't seem to find where the sample size is mentioned. It mentions that Quid has 50,000 company descriptions, but is n=50,000 tiny in thr ML/DeepLearning world? I do neuroscience research and where I am coming from I have maybe n=150to200 per class. And that is not generally regarded as a tiny sample. What are the Bayesian methods I would use if I have multiple related outcomes and multiple predictors...you know...the situation in which many scientists find themselves with longitudinal data and typically turn to repeated measures and random effect general linear models? They fund it, no? Thanks. Your the first to ever reply to that question when I pose it. By doing that Walmart is promoting the group ha ha. Min.wage employees are not going to listen to their boss when at home. Agree. Let me add. Infantile/childhood amnesia has many causes, but being unable to form a memory is not one of them. Memories in infancy are fragile, and context dependent, and even if retained through life are likely fragmentary, non-verbal, non-conceptually embedded, that we'd not recognize it as an episodic memory. Moreover, the medial temporal lobes and hippocampus (brain region critical to relational memory formation) are still immature before age 2, before which time the dentate gyrus in the tri-synaptic circuit of the hippocampus may not be fully operational, potentially leading to massive interference between similar memories from less efficient representational separation and a bias towards pattern completion. The last tidbit is particularly interesting as such a bias to pattern completion may support the rapid semantic knowledge acquisitions occurring early in life, which may benefit from layering of similar representations to extract reoccurring key features about the world, as opposed to the more efficient pattern separation later in life that allows more fine grained memory distinctions to be retained and allowing individual events to be better remembered. Sometimes, while dreaming I will recognize and recall that I've had this dream before, maybe many many times...then I feel a sense of loss, like losing a friend. A moment of de ja vu I guess. It is a weird feeling though, and I don't even know if I truly had the dream before, or if it is a false memory!! With the rise to power of Trump's nationalism, I'm a little surprised the article predicts the diminishment of national identity. Please use a safe rocket to get into space. That would be one stressful rocket ride for the project scientists on earth. As much as I admire SpaceX...not the job for them yet. Thanks for the link. One question I'd pose to Nate is how multicollinear were the paper factor and the additional predictors? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multicollinearity Estimates can be unstable if multicollinearity is too high, say if only richer more educated districts use a certain type if voting machine. You can cut off any part of the body and still have consciousness as long as blood, oxygen, etc reach the brain. That seems a little stronger evidence of causality than mere correlation. Still it could be, I suppose, that the brain does not hold consciousness, but is in fact merely an antenna to send and recieve consciousness... probably from a lab at NASA, via interactions with virtual particles, providing propellentless mental acceleration across space and time This is shit. The lower limit for salary hasn't changed for years, and has not tracked inflation. As a post-doc this would have probably really bummed me out if it wasn't for the fact my union had already signed a new contract with the university for new pay raises based on the new Obama administration rules. Yay union. He already had expressed interest in changing the new Obama ruling. FYI, that was mentioned in TFA Indeed it is terrible news: Poverty is rough. To be precise, the law and regulations were appropriate decades ago, when it protected workers, but in its current form, oppressed them into long underpaid, non-livable, labor. In my view, the Obama administration change in regulation, now blocked, was restoring the original effects and outcomes of those laws and regulations, and probably as originally intended by those whom passed it. I certainly was not arguing that. I mean that the judge fucked Christmas up for a bunch of poor folk by blocking a well deserved change in regulation that no longer served its original intent in protecting laborers. It also probably introduces suppression effects from multicollinearity when entering the same multiple regression, like Nate Silver did. Funnily enough prior to the election I had a dream exactly to this effect, and Trump calling Clinton a hypocrite. I clicked thinking the same but was pleasantly surprised to find, like, a really good article. I tried to stop myself. I feel that like is often used as a verbal em dash, for emphasis and interruption.Once I understoid their intended usages I love the — em dash – en dash and - hyphen R does some things really well, and there are some advanced methids available ,but let's be clear, some functions in SPSS are quite advanced, for example SPSS mixed models are more advanced than lme4. Well I may be ignorant also, but as far as I can tell lme4/lmer doesnt have ANY options to specify the variance-covariance matrix while SPSS does. Also, when the number of within subject levels are few, I often find that using the classic repeated measures approach, but estimating using ML/REML (to handle random missing data) on a specified (or unstructured) covariance-variance matrix to be more powerful and/or more likely to converge while accounting for important dependences than mixed models using random effects...SPSS does this kind of analysis easily, but I havent found any equivalent packave in R. In academic book publishing, I tend to agree. These are low profit enterprises. Few copies get sold in all honesty. However, they are major leeches when it comes to journals. http://vim-adventures.com/ An adventure game using vim. May help you learn. They simulate neurogenesis, I guess, but they do not incorporate the most interesting part of that neurogenesis: That is the new neurons are born into the dentate gyrus, a region thought to have a particular capacity to orthoganalize feature representations that are similar (e.g. pattern separate) allowing distinct memories to be formed for similar events. The dentate gyrus outputs to a region called Cornu ammonis 3 (CA3) which is heavily recurrent, and thought to br able to pattern complete a full representation from partial inputs. That is, CA3 can encode and retrieve the relations between 2 or more features or objects. For a mathematical model and review one might read: Rolls (2013) https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3812781/ but many others exist. I'd write more but typing in my phone is driving me to distraction. As a brain scientist, it pains me as well. I think that what neuroscience has found out in the last 60 years is that neurons and synapses are more complex than they had ever dreamed. I could say the same about genetics, btw. Biology has turned out to be incredibly complex. Academic writing avoids using periods. Unfortunately. Academic Writing : The battle between precision and TL;DR HM My dissertational research was on the development of the subfields of the hippocampus in childhood. So these papers from the rat literature were relevant and often inspiring. I'd like to add that our knowledge of the details of hippocampal neuroanatomy are probably the most advanced of any brain region, which allows the somewhat informed construction of computational models. I wish I had more time to learn modeling methods, I have specific developmental hypotheses I'd like to test in such a model. In the end, I'd probably need to find a knowledgable collaborator though. This may have happened, but this is not typical behavior in science, and is hardly evidence that people should 'get out of academia'. I want one where my data stays on my own servers, and does not share it. ---Yeah I know. There are almost insurmountable barriers to developing an effective product. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embodied_cognition https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extended_mind_thesis https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Situated_cognition The article's ideas are related to the extended mind, situated cognition,and embodied cognition hypotheses. They are interesting, and really challenge us to let go of our scientific tendency to separate the world into discrete objects. Well maybe all this will be a job creator for white hat hackers. Then we might see more of these around: https://society6.com/product/white-hat-hacker_mug#s6-6418882... Full Disclosure: I'm the seller. I remember when I upgraded to a 14.4k modem and boy was I pleased after dialing with a 9600 baud for years. well I first wrote 2700 baud, and then I had a sudden work I was remembering wrong. I honestly think I started at 2700 baud as a 10-year-old. This has been true in my academic career also. The ability to say no is important. I abandoned my cognitive training research plans after some piloting of a task. I had a number of data driven reasons for it, but a personal one was that I doubted that cognitive training would ever be more effective for the majority of people than spending that time exercising, and following better sleep habits. Sure one can do all three, but for many there are real time constraints (anyone with kids here agree?) and choices have to be made...and choosing to sit down in front of a computer for cognitive training is probably not the right choice. Actually given the relatively ample evidence of the cognitive boost associated with exercise, an exercise condition would make an excellent active baseline to test cog training against. It would make a great study. Not this again. People do not own the value of a dollar, just the dollar's IOU. If you have a house, you do not own the value of the house, you own the house. ——The values of your dollars and your houses depend on valuations by the rest of society, and you do not own that, and thus the value of your dollars and houses cannot be stolen. In fact per the Constitution, the government has thr exclusive right to choose the number if dollars to produce, and we investors made a prediction that the government's money creation policies would continue a certain way. In the case where the government produces more money than we had predicted doesn't make us victims of theft, just poor investors. As a matter of policy, there are multiple stakeholders: those owning debt want deflation, those born without wealth want inflation so that there are enough dollars in circulation to match the growth in population. Privacy is important for democracy. downvoting was not deserved. In anycase, your comment did not contradict mine. My point was that framing it as theft is incorrect and unhelpful. There are multiple stakeholders, retaining value is good for some, but detrimental to thers. That is, it is a matter of policy, not rights of ownership. There is a lot to like in this article, but the artificial division between Excel and VBA for Excel is well, artificial. I've since moved to other coding environments like R and python, but in the past I frequently used VBA to parse and tabulate excel files; Excel VBA is quite capable of a lot of complex manipulations...often done slow as hell...but capable. Is it the added fiber? It would be nice if more HN users responded with a comment making that point rather than using anonymous downvotes... Neither am I. Ruminating on how we are deficient is no path to happiness or balance. Exercise, eat right, volunteer to serve others who are down and out, learn something new, work toward a purpose or goal, and if necessary, get pharmaceutical help, because for some no lifestyle or conduct can help enough. Yes, and no. Good therapists do that, but I suspect, but do not know, that therapists may frequently prolong therapy past the point of usefulness to the point where therapy is in itself the significant remaining act of rumination. For those that study human subjects, releasing video's of the subject is not going to happen any time soon. Participants have rights, and anomyity is an important one. There is continual progress on standardization of methodology, but it takes a while. People have vested interests in using their protocols, and there often valid disagreements about what is actually the best protocol. Nevertheless, these kinds of standardization documents are important. But only as long as deviations from these standards are not discounted when justified theoretically. That is frustrating. In my field of cognitive neuroscience, there is often little incentive for a researcher to hide parts of their methods from their 'competitors' since, for example, my memory study is not about reporting but protecting a new technology. Indeed, prestige is often a consequence of others adopting your methods, so researchers are motivated to share scripts, and report the methods fully. HOWEVER, certain journals can place limits on the length of the methods section, which is a damn shame. Well often in behavioral sciences, the alternative hypothesis in experiment A is the null hypothesis in the follow-up, experiment B. If the results in alternative A do not act like the results in null in experiment B, then there is a failed replication. The researcher observing this, begins to lose confidence in the earlier finding, and pursues other ideas. This is the kind of implicit replications currently supported by funding agencies. yeah it seems funny, but it happens all the time.Perhaps there are reporting requirements from the funding? The irony is rich but the good feels are poor. Mr. Robot live shoot? :) slack file services down too I admire your sword of sarcasm +1 news.ycombinator.com seems really slow right now. s3 dependencies? That is like 80% of huff post articles. I dunno, I still think that my rationality has no limits. ^_^ I wonder if gmail sends him/her a small check to keep gail.com clean and friendly. No advertising needed. and yet we know alot. Hippocampal damage causes deep amnesia, prefrontal damage leads to poor inhibition, introspection, etc. I could go on. Cal in = Cal out is always true. However, the Cal in side has a very important % energy extracted modifier. Simarly, the Cal out side is modified by metabolic rate and exertion modifiers. Those individuals with high energy extraction and low metabolic rate will find it very difficult to eat as little as required to balance the energy equation without constant hunger and living with excessively small portions. While this is achievable, it is hard and failure is frequent...especially given all the other challenges in life. So naturally, asking whether and how these modifiers can be adjusted is pressing. There is a lot to learn, but thereare known factors that can influence these factors. For example, co tinued cold exposure leads to activation of brown fat that generates heat, which dramatically raises metabolic rate (e.g. Californian's feel cold in 12°C weather, but someone in New England would wear shorts in that weather). Interestingly, cold weather increases gut caloric absorbancy to compensate for these expenditures..(sorry Id provide references, but I dont have it bookmarked on my current device). Why not Mattermost? https://about.mattermost.com/ Own your data. Reason? or a kickstarter campaign to cycle through moveon.org, or the like. Bet satellite recordings know where he hid it. Some spy is chortling. You are not wrong, but I think you are missing the point: It's a rule of thumb. Its a reminder to be aware of of probable commercialization of their personal data by 'free' apps. Not a logicians proof. Very interesting to know. I wonder if the Federal Reserve ever train similarly? Of course you are right, vut part of getting good in chess is learning to think ahead in the first place, to stop thinking just about what you want to do, but about what your opponent wants to do...I think up to ELO 1500 is just learning to basic discipline in your thinking This is true. Indeed, the true question usually revolves around transfer. That is, as your brain changes in response to a certain memory task (e.g. recognition of visual objects) to get better at it, will those changes transfer benefits to other types of memory tasks (e.g. recall of visual objects), or tasks which have a memory component (e.g. navigation). Transfer has been the bane of most cognitive training paradigms. Improvements are seen in the same task, but do not seem to transfer to conceptually related tasks. One idea to overcome problems in transfer has been to identify tasks which inordinately rely on core cognitive processes of memory (e.g. recollection vs. familiarity; Yonelinas, 2002), or relational binding (Konkel & Cohen, 2009). Another idea might be to train using memory strategies, like loci. Typically that research looks to whether using a particular strategy benefits memory, and frequently, does that strategy work in a particular population with poorer memory (e.g. children, adults with Alzheimer) I diverted my attention to lower hanging fruit in my Ph.D., so stopped following that literature closely. Overall I think that unless you already exercise regularly, exercising will have a larger effect on cognitive ability than any task-based cognitive training regimen. +1 Agree. Lastpass has great functionality imo, and I want a level headed analysis before I jump ship to a competitor. I do wonder though if the change in ownership last year has led to a decline in quality. I just noted that my lastpass extension was updated by Firefox. Is this fixed? yup. I checked my LastPass extension and it had updated and needed a browser restart. copying and pasting seems to be a vulnerability..especially if you get distracted for a moment, or haven't had your coffee and paste it into your search bar. I'm sure you meant 'research universities', not 'Ivy League universities'. That is, unless you really are implying that only Ivy League universities (and NASA) do impactful research (FALSE), you are hopelessly snooty, or you are trying to be sarcastic (e.g. jamming on the Ivy League school penchant for producing individuals that land positions in political and corporate governance that by and large want to ignore climate change). --the most outrageous part of his comment, imo. Too much context switching in a day has costs. But, not switching back to a task soon enough also has costs...you might forget certain details of the current state of the project after being away for a week or two...and it takes time to refamiliarize. So I prefer 2-3 projects, spread evenly through the week, max two in the same day. IDK, maybe something called confidence intervals? I'm not sure the difference is big enough to be statistically reliable in this sample. Why did that deserve a downvote? The difference between lower class men and women in that study was small,and I doubt that difference would meet a p=.05 confidence threshold. When it was said that lower class men are 4 times less likely than lower class women to be invited to interview this was an overstatement of the confidence we can extrapolate these results to the population. But hey,if that wasn't clearly inferred by my comment, so be it. Suppose we came upon a time where some new technology had emerged allowing anyone with an average intelligence to be able to create a virulent bio weapon from materials so​ common and available that their restriction is impossible. In this world, we are almost surely doomed, but perhaps the only hope for survival on earth (ignore space diaspora for the moment) would be from instituting an all pervasive surveilance presence. In this scenario, I do not see the value of privacy trumping survival. One might counter that the scenario I lay out above is not possible. However I would posit that technology enables our capacities to create/preserve and to destroy. However, perhaps stemming from thr laws of thermodynamics, it does seem that our capacities to destroy is always outpacing our capacities to create or preserve, and eventually the gap between these capacities will unsettle the center which cannot hold. Disagree should not equal downvote. You presuppose many things about my intentions. I frequently post on the internet about the need for freedom and privacy today. However, as I briefly laid out, I do wonder whether technological innovations will at one point allow lone individuals to kill not a few dozen (with semiautomatics), but tens of thousands, and if at that point our current models will be insufficient for the purpose of survival...that is, no survival without giving up many freedoms. This is not a value judgement, indeed I would applaud the many who would rather die than be controlled completely. I agree. However, I frequently see absolute declarations about how freedom should not be curtailed for security, and while I believe that is true today, I can envision a possible future where that is not possible without leading to near or complete extinction. Therefore I find it useful foil to shake up absolutisms. Obviously there are some really passionate freedom lovers here verging on fundalmentalists; will brook no alternative viewpoints from even being hypothesized. As a layman, it seems to me that the biggest advantage that humans have over machine learning is flexibility. While machine learning performance frequently rivals or exceeds humans at many individual tasks once sufficiently constructed and trained, only humans excel at dynamically choosing which tasks to pursue, switching levels of analysis, and when to break the rules for the win (losing at GO? unplug the computer). To speculate heavily, animal based cognition may be composed of just such a multitude of specialized trained modules, akin to machine learning algos of today: object recognition, emotion recognition, language recognition, typical script/structure of a given scenario, etc. But above that will be classifiers that interpret internal and external environmental signals to choose which of those specialized modules to engage and suppress. In lower animals lacking a heavily recurrent prefrontal cortex, the higher order modules are probably directed by mid brain structures to engage basic fight flight fuck behaviors needed for survival (e.g. pattern recognition module sees snake, freeze or run modules are engaged). In animals with prefrontal cortex, goal and context driven suppression of prepotent responses becomes possible. Anyway, it seems to me that for machine learning to become a general intelligence, there will need to hierarchies of specialized machine learning classifiers, some specialized in sensory classification, but others in that are meta..classifying those classifiers into scripts, scenarios, etc. I've spent a lot of time doing manual tracings of brain structures and I tell you now that while automated methods are improving rapidly, and just now approaching the average ability of a tracer, they do not rival experts yet. The most time efficient methods now is semi-automatic. Begin with the automated methods, then make manual corrections. Given all that, brain radiology is a lot easier that pathological radiology (e.g. tracing the extent of a lung tumor). There is a lot of research into automating this, but dice overlaps are still poor. That complex behaviors can arise from simple processes is understood. Moreover in the species mentioned in the article, the problem spaces relevant to survival may have been relatively stable for untold amounts of time. The stable problem spaces increase the evolutionary fitness of efficient algorithms that solve that problem space with min energy expenditure. But such efficiency usually has a cost: reduced flexibility to changes in the problem space. I submit to you that behavioral flexibility in new environments may well correlate with brain size, even excluding humans from the analysis. The idea that science advances only when old scientists die is used to promote the idea that science has nothing over politics. It is anti-science propaganda. I will say this though. Young scientists are hungry and there not enough positions for them. Every department has that old rockstar or two who doesn't really push the boundaries of science anymore, but takes up available positions. When they retire or die, new people come in who are still young and full of energy. Well if they do not understand Bayesian inference, then they may feel that there needs to good reason to move on from frequentist models...and I'll tell you that case has not been made except for certain specialized disciplines. Of course there are politics in research. But that is moving the goal post. The question is whether politics and science are equivalently grounded, and they are not. Why do you go through the act of arguing when we agree that scientific progress is a mix of politics and science? My first claim in great grandparent was that the argument that science on progresses when scientists die is used to argue that politics and science are equivalent, that science is reducible to politics. Since we agree that is not so reducible to politics, let us agree that we agree and move on. Yes my claim is that this idea is promoted to demote science to mere politics, but left unsaid by me was that I was targeting my complaint to the leaders of anti-science movements (climate change denial) who seek to claim moral equivalency so that they might push policies that benefit them politically and financially. I did not offer evidence to support this claim, except as a claim from memory, and don't want to be bothered to look for quotes. So my argument was underspecified, which led you to believe I was referring to the like of Bohr, Kuhn, Oreskes and other serious thinkers, which I was not. CONGRATULATIONS SPACE X! That was downvoted? Lame. Go to last pass website, install from there I think. It is hard to characterize as diverse a field as economics. However, there are some influential sectors of the field of economics that 1) avoids rigorous empirical research, and/or 2) identifies economic policies that benefit their benefactors, and then produce economic theory that support those policies. Which is backwards, or at least distorted. I have lived in his small home town of Davis for a decade, and I still haven't bumped into Kim Stanley Robinson. From his writing, I was sure I'd run into him at Delta of Venus café one day. No such luck. Very nice cover...and looks like a cool place to visit. Interpreting personality from books to predict hangouts is a funny endeavor, but I can see how Mishka's would be his choice. If it isnt the good coffee, tea, and pastries, Mishka's is filled with college students and professors, many of whom are scientists. Obviously scientists play a central role in his writing. Delta of Venus attracts the more alternative crowds, as well as english lit students and the like. The people there have edremind me of some of the characters and settings in Green or Blue Mars. In any case, these are just passive musings. I frequent Delta of Venus because I like the patio. Lyfts biggest problem is the media's tendency to refer to the industry as Uber. Kind of like search is to Google, and wiping noses is to Kleenex. glad to know that there are so many terms for the phenomenon. I saw an orange in that bin. I wonder if they are trying for agricultural applications. Fruit picking is very labor intensive...and some fruit and veggie picking remains difficult to automate, especially the more delicate items. I'm on a phone so I won't type much. From my dissertational research and reading, I've got no hint that the hippocampus and the cortex learn advesariily, at least to my limited understanding of how such networks work. The hippocampus is thought to bind together the features of events into an integrated memory representation. It may do so by relating coded indexes in the hippocampus for features that actually exist in the cortex. So for example, you observe a car and a bike hit each other. Your percepts for the car and bike (features) are in your perceptual cortices. The hippocampus generates an index that when propogated back to the cortex, reactivates those cortices into a state similar to when you originally saw the event. That is memory...that reactivation. At least that is a popular idea in memory research that has empirical support. Thanks. Too bad it isn't real negative mass. How about imaginary number mass? Well being a layman, I had no idea if I was joking or not. :) Actually the idea of negative mass made me wonder if this would open the possibility for FTL space travel...Ran into a comment on the internets somewhere that said "no, because the mass is squared in the relation with energy, but the existence of imaginary masses might" Thanks for the link. perhaps we live in a multiverse, and only the surviver you-s still exist because their universes have still avoided WWIII... ;-) my bash history gets deleted whenever I inadvertently type my password and hit enter at the wrong prompt. Type sudo 30 time a day, its gonna happen. Yes I know my history has permissions protection, but still. It is plain text. I don't want to have to look for all the places it get copied too with these solutions. and am too lazy to delete that single line. :) I thought this 'Brain in a Jar' article was going to be about the philosophical 'Brain in a vat' question. Disappointed. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain_in_a_vat oh and, don't work too hard young people. Burn out is the worst. From the title I thought that I was going to read about why grad school turned me gray. =_= Bullshit. Outrageous. I worry we in the USA are going this direction too. You are correct to point those cases out, and I am aware of them. It was also outrageous to infiltrate the MLK movement. Not to downplay those cases, but there is a distinction between these cases with the FBI and the current case with London police: The London police is a local enforcement agency. When local police forces start actively hacking citizens there is a different kind of danger than when a federal agency does so, mainly because they have different enforcement interests and powers. When a local enforcement agency begins to spy and hack, that is a new level of harassment and violation of civil liberties. I am a cognitive neuroscientist currently in a post-doctoral training program in autism spectrum disorder. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a disorder typified presence of repetitive behaviors and restricted interests, and by disruption to social behaviors, and yet is very heterogeneous in how it presents. A first point I'd like to make is that there is no pharmaceutical treatment currently approved for ASD. The drugs mentioned by the article are primarily used to treat disorders such as ADHD, anxiety, schizophrenia, or gastrointestinal irritation, which are frequently co-morbid with ASD. These co-morbid disorders typically have large impacts on the quality of life of people with ASD, and frequently aggravate ASD symptomatology. However, the costs and benefits of treating co-morbid disorders have to be weighed and tested at the individual level by a responsive and knowledgeable physician and psychiatrist. In terms of treating ASD itself, this has turned out to be really really hard. There is a saying that goes, "If you've met one person with autism, you've met one person with autism." This saying captures the tremendous heterogeneity (aka spectrum) of the disorder. There is not one cause of autism, there are hundreds or thousands of genetic causes of autism. Hundreds of genes are implicated in autism, and no single genetic mutation accounts for more than half a percent of autism cases. While many of the known genes contribute to the same major pathways (e.g. the seretonin pathway, or involved in processes of snyaptic pruning), they effect different parts of those complex pathways. Some genetic mutations will severely impact the function of the pathway, while others just make it less efficient, or different. Modern drug treatments would like to target a specific chain link in the pathway with a pharmaceutical, but such a drug would likely just help a small sliver of those with autism. Hundreds of different targeted drugs would need to be developed and then target the specific cases of autism it might help. That is a very difficult task indeed. The FDA drug approval process doesn't make this easy. Many drugs seeking approval fail because they only help a portion of their sample, (not enough to effect the overall mean above placebo), and until researchers are able to subdivide their ASD sample into the appropriate subgroups that respond and don't respond to a treatment a priori, the FDA won't approve those drugs for treatment. Gastrointestinal issues are common is ASD, and can aggravate ASD symptomatology. This is a hot topic of research. I think that depends on the quality of your psychiatrist and physician. ADHD treatment with pharmaceuticals (e.g. adderal) is fairly effective and proven. Outcomes are frequently worse when left untreated, as they too frequently seek to self medicate (leading to drug abuse) or end it (suicide) when left untreated. I feel compelled to add that aside from (or interact with) genetic risk factors for autism, exposure to excessive immune system antibodies during pregnancy appears to be involved in a significant number of autism cases. Moreover, in rodent models ASD like symptoms in pups have been created by exposing the dam to compounds that ramp up the immune response in the pregnant dam. I think there are real possibilities for preventive medicine here. Citation: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006322316... You think I covered all the evidence in my forum post? Yes there are many question left, but right now there is evidence in non-human primates and rodents with causal experimental models, and in humans differences in brain morphology and intellectual disability are associated with increased levels of maternal cytokines and chemokines during gestation in humans. Of course, it would be unethical to do random assignment in humans to a condition causing a large cytokine response in mothers. As far as treatment that is a difficult question. Active filtration might be a possibility. In any case, there is more of a possibility here for prevention than gene therapy, imo. There are certainly ethical issues associated with detection of autism risk during pregnancy allowing the choice for termination. I'm not sure about your point though. Fixing things after it has happened is generally hard. I am no immunologist, but preventing excessive immune response is a possibility maybe for prevention of the injury (not completely removing the immune response, just retarding it). Have something​ against [[ ]] ? It would be nice if the article's title mentioned its publishing date. I wrote a comment criticizing the article for ignoring a number of important papers published since 2010, the latest published article that was cited, and then had to delete it. Here is my problem with the article: It has the title of a magna opus. The article has a title that suggests content that is expansive and authoritative, containing both rigorous theory and seminal empirical research. This article is not at all deserving of such a title, and I cannot think of a single neuroscientist I know that would put such a title on even their most ambitious work, much less this loosely thought out treatment. It is, frankly, embarrassing. Even in 2011. If the context of the title is to capture the goals of the private funding foundation and the article's contents are to describe some potential avenues of investigation or outstanding problems, then that does make me reconsider my expressed opinion in the grandparent. Thanks for sharing. You know what is scarier than teenagers driving on the freeway? When they fly over your house. and as others here have noted, and flying car solution would be very very loud. I predict that SpaceX and SolarCity will eventually roll out vast solar cell arrays in space, because the sun puts out an unthinkable amount of energy that misses earth entirely. ie The sun is already a spectacular fusion reactor. Use it. I dont think I worry about general AI so much as a having specialized AI in almost every area, including collections of algos that recognize the task at hand and select which specialized AI to engage, as well as other collections of specialized AI algos that select which selector algos to use based on longer term goals, etc. That is what makes me afraid. ;-) My point exactly. The thing to do is to check for what is potentially inconsistent with your hypothesis. For example, what about the neural link company? I'd hate to see what letting my mind drift does to a flying ship. I am floored. Ihave both Academia.edu and Researchgate accounts. For themost part, everyone I know uses it as a kind of cv and repository for preprints of articles published in the usual suspect journals, and not as a replacement for journals. Maybe its just because there isn't enough competition after corporate consolidation. For the most part I see the same brands and items in stores in Virginia as in stores in California...even in the organic food stores. That is a much more obtuse view of the state of neuroscience than is deserved. Sure, it started out as, oh this part of the brain needs more oxygen when remembering something, and oh, if that part of the brain is removed then people cant remember much . But it progresses to, ah this part of the brain is important to memory that binds multiple features, not within objects,but between objects. oh, computational models suggest pattern separation and completion operations that allow orthoganalization of activity during encoding of similar memories and retrieval of all the pattern of activity from reactivation of part of the activity. So lets make an experiement that modulates similarity between memories and modulates the completeness of retrieval cues for bound percept pairs, and/or in animal models directly modulate activity in the sub parts of that brain region thought to be reponsible for separation or completion operations to see if we can impair or enhance separation or completion operations. Anyway, thats just my field. Edit: Adding some references. Not sure how to format it into a list. Pattern Separation and Completion in Dentate Gyrus and CA3 in the Hippocampus: http://science.sciencemag.org/content/315/5814/961 http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0149763412... http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0896627313... http://science.sciencemag.org/content/319/5870/1640 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26190832 https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=pattern+separation+comp... Relational Binding: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0166432813... http://psycnet.apa.org/journals/neu/29/1/126/ http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0963721410368805 Oh sure there is some blobology to it still...but the nature of the function attributed is becoming more precise.--not a memory blob, a blob associated with signal orthoganalization. But that is just the functional neuroimaging in humans in which we are working downwards, while neuroscientists using methods that influence activity at the neural level, or even the dendritic level, work upwards. Each informs the other. For example, the computational models of pattern separation and completion are derived by observations of the structure of connections between neurons, which led to hypotheses about what kinds of operation it could support, which led to tests of that hypothesis in rats, and eventually in humans. But at the heart of it, I don't think we have to be completely reductionistic to gain understanding. We don't have to fully understand in every detail how dendrites operate to understand that a collection of neurons can support a particular data transformation. Gone to youtube. Lots of his stuff there. Doubt Seger is getting compensated though. Steve Carell's lecture notes on General Relativity? That guy makes me laugh! you do realize it was a joke? the guy from the office? I don't think it fair to say that inflationary models aren't empirically testable. It would be more accurate to say that inflationary models cannot be subjected to experiemental manipulation. It is not my field, but it seems to be of the sort where the model gives you an idea what you might see, then you go see if you find what you predicted. same here...and the only thing bad is the battery life :-/ I watched season 3 for the first time on a single long international flight in an economy seat. I didn't want to get off the plane. Well almost. Thanks. For some, its about the lyrics. But for me, it is the music. I think that for non-selection for operational sex organs to have a noticeable effect on the population would require hundreds of generations, and would likely get fixed by gene therapy anyway. If instead you are talking about purposely using gene tech to remove traits for sexual reproduction, I don't see that as an immediate concern either. To discuss how a paper is wrong you have to first cite the paper. The need to discuss bad papers can arise for a number of reasons. So some papers cite rank != quality. Curious. Just looked up my papers, most published in the last few years. How does the pubrank take in account time, or does it? Because college is funner when you don't have to take the CS weeder course. This might help some aspects of ASD. Hopefully. However I do not see how it will reverse the altered neural migration occurring early in development, for example, unless it is administered in infancy or earlier while in the womb.. THIS. As someone always dealing with data, I agree that getting to the point of a regression plot is where all the work is at. Makes terrorists too powerful, everyone living under one dome. Nature does not work in harmony with nature. Natures eats other natures. Nature is brutal and ugly from an ethical standpoint. Eat or be eaten. Poison, trap, munch, crunch. --And one does not generally observe moral behavior among animals, one does not observe 'selfless' acts of compassion to other species. Con-specifics can be the target of some 'selfless' acts, but in fairly limited scopes. The only reasons we look at nature and see harmony and beauty are 1)we enjoy patterns 2) we enjoy colors 3)not many things eat us anymore. Yeah. Even without maliciousness, it would be good to have airlocked subsections. How one guys said it to me, Neoliberalism = Clinton. Then you have the Bernie Sanders liberalism, akin to FDR liberalism maybe. I am a cognitive neuroscience post-doc. In my work I have to be an expert or at least competent in: cognitive theory relevant to my specialty, brain science relevant to my specialty, neuroimaging methodology, non-trivial statistical methods, as well as a competent paper writer, grant writer storyteller, and talk giver, I regularly need to write bash and python scripts, administer and operate a linux compute cluster. I also need to be a good dad and husband, and that takes practice. I read HN and am impressed with all the expertise and competence and also feel overwhelmed. I'd like to try some ML on my imaging data, but I'm stretched too thin already. Maybe someday. Or I'll partner up with someone. I have the urge to do it all, but I'm not smart enough and I don't have superpowers to manipulate time. I'm aging. Time is running out. Oh my god. Pause. Take a walk. Do what you can. It is ok. adds antonym knower on top of his to do list. Well one is a Russian operative. ;) Frequently I hear how persons stranded at sea or on a small island die of thirst, and I wonder if they could have used the evaporation method in conjunction with the sun or fire, and a cloth set above to capture the evaporated water. Interesting. Tell me, is the affiliate stuff mentioned in the article actually illegal? I thought that surely you were wrong, but nope. Typo? Curious. Is it at the point where the money earned is less than the cost of electricity, like bitcoin approached? Just wanted to pipe in and agree that Linux desktop (e.g. Mate) is very nice. In my phd work I was heavily involved in hippocampal segmentation, and I can say with confidence that FSL FIRST is not a state-of-the-art segmentation method. It belongs to an earlier generation of segmentation methods with poorer reliability, which have contributed to a lot of contradictory results in my field of hippocampal development. I would not use it in my research. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/273940329_Assessing... https://www.researchgate.net/publication/260915135_Volume_of... https://www.researchgate.net/publication/274252280_Developme... [edit] I had meant to point a link to my chapter on hippocampal development. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/314194708_Hippocamp... I have some experience with FreeSurfer. As a whole, FreeSurfer is pretty terrible at hippocampal/subcortical segmentation, but very good at cortical surface reconstruction. One of the links I posted in grandparent presents a validation experiment on Hongzhi Wang's method employing Adaboost learning to vastly improve FreeSurfer segmentations. It is impressive and useful for researchers used to FreeSurfer. However, the state of the art for image segmentation is dominated by a class of methods called multi-atlas segmentation, which I am using for a large longitudinal study I am currently writing up. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1361841515... for a review. A large problem of earlier versions of FreeSurfer v. For hippocampal segmentation, many regions contain intersections between three tissue types (white matter, gray matter, and CSF). This complicates tissue classification of images with large voxels, because a voxel will be an average of multiple tissue types. FreeSurfer version 6 has options to use the native resolution of your structural images, so this might improve things some. I have yet to try it out. However, it will still use a single probability atlas, which tends to have lower performance than the multi-atlas methods. I should emphasize that FreeSurfer is great for what it does great: Surface reconstruction. You and your lab do great work. You have my upvote and recommendation, fellow subfielder. Then, what are the advantages to the firm? the method is quite general and applies to any image type for which an appropriate atlas is available. It is simple to see why with a straightforward description of Multiatlas methods. Generally two steps are performed: Warping and Voing. Step 1. Warp. An atlas brain is spatially warped to match the subject's brain using affine, non-linear and diffeomorphic normalization tools (ANTs being one of the strongest contending registration spatial normalization programs). This warp maps the atlas's ROI onto the subject's brain, producing a candidate segmentation. This is done for each atlas, producing N candidate segmentations. Step 2. Vote. In its simplest form, candidate segmentations vote at each voxel for an ROI label, majority wins. This produces the finished segmentation. Advances in image registration and voting methods over the last decade have really made this the preferred method for accurate image registration. Unfortunately, sometimes good multi atlases are lacking. Historically, most published atlases are single atlases with an average or probability estimate at each voxel. There are some mutliatlases available for specific structures (e.g. hippocampus, see MAGeT comments above). I believe there are some multi ROI multi atlases now available. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4691373/ One potential quibble. Fiat currency is given value also because the government can demand taxes in its fiat currency on threat of imprisonment or other government-backed sanctions, and thus come tax time, one better have some fiat's currency on hand. Thus it is a store of value beyond just general belief of its value..bitcoin does not have this. I sincerely hope you are trolling. I hoped he was trolling because what he describes sounds outrageous. Sheez. No ideas about the second, but an aside on the first. 'Most ideas have been done to death' is a central reason I have stopped reading novels that much. Ah its one of those, he will do this. Ah yes, I see the twist. its one of those. I blame TV in the 80's and 90's..and to today. The smart kid is the dorky, beat up kid. The dad is usually a guy who thinks he can figure stuff out and repair stuff, but hes wrong and just breaks everything.. better just buy it at the depot. Our media praises stupidity I noticed and was irritated with the 4 Tb anomaly when I was setting up a RAID6 trying to achieve 30 Tb of usable space after mirroring and a hot spare. Enterprise class,btw I half expected this to be tongue in cheek exposition on creating molds. I guess it was on my mind after watching a friend artist creates sculpture molds for pewter casting. https://www.joshhardie.com/fullscreen-page/comp-izfweszu/f59... I think she was suggesting sending the exchanged heat into space..you know, up. I'm ignorant of a lot but, segregation of cookies by browser tab. If I log into Xsocialmedia in Tab 1, and go to news site in Tab 2 using Xsocialmedia plugin, it doesn't know that tab A logged in, or that it came from same browser. Basically, I want my tabs to be isolated and treated as completely separate, isolated browsing histories, caches, and cookies. ...This is my gmail tab. All that tab ever sees is gmail. This is my HN tab. All it ever sees in HN. Like I said, this isn't my field, but.. and can even lead to mold In some ways, I COMPLETELY AGREE. UI 'cleanness' killing 'functionality' is so late 2000's, please. Let's move on. I use my box professionally and need to get shit done. I don't need bouncy. I don't need address bars that hide things and make it non-copyable. Yes, date-modified is a useful sort. Don't hide it like MS did. Yes terminals are awesome and should be front and center. Don't hide them and pretend they are embarrassing and try to hide them under some menu. But in other ways I disagree. There are plenty of options for the power-user to adapt their environment right now. How are we hurting? (Unless you are corporate and they restrict you to some gimped UI. If you want a good idea how deep is the deepest part of the ocean (Mariana Trench), look up in the sky and find a jet flying at full altitude (37,000 feet). That is how deep. Good question. I've seen passenger jets get pretty small to the eye sometimes, and they don't tend to go higher than 37,000 feet. Alternatively, if you've ever flown across the country, mid-flight, look down. I wish they'd do it in Sacramento where most of the mosquitoes live. Yes. Most mosquito species do not actually bite. I'm no astronomer, but interstellar mysteries are cool...so are stellar ones. Slack Integration. Maybe I'm just kidding. I don't know. But seriously: The best feature imo are the ready writing prompts. Seems like a good way to remind oneself of various ways to think around a problem. Like it very much. I agree. That is why we shoukd target Freeway AVsfirst. It is the most controlled and homogeneous environment of driving, and driving it is tedious. I've contemplated driving across country to visit family, echewing flting. It would be great if some of those miles happened while I slept. Whatever file browser is chosen, please include the damn up button, and please no buttons replacing the address bar. Also, PLEASE 'open terminal here' as a default option on right click. All I want to say is something off topic,but the only vacation I've had away fro m the kids and with my wife was a week in Budapest, and I miss it. Such a beautiful city, so romantic...and I rode the metro everywhere. ahh Budapest. :-) not to mention the US dollar spends well there. I felt rich and I am just a potdoc TL;DR is the generation I skim pretty often too. There are several reasons. One, a little of what the author was contending; it is harder to hold attention. But there is more to it. Most media is not worth my full attention. I used to love fiction. But most plots are old, and few scenarios are new to me anymore. News articles tend to be 1 paragraph of new information, then blah blah blah a recapitulation of everything I already knew. When I read science as part of my job, I read it in two ways. One I scan vast numbers of abstracts. This gives me a sense of the lay of the land. Then I do a deep dive of reviews. Then I read critical papers, with a pen, every sentence carefully, building ideas, bridging concepts, and also, evaluating the method. Can you imagine doing that with a report from cnn? Why? I must say that Firefox's last couple of version feel blazing fast. I've been working at a standing desk for a year now made of two study card board boxes. Looms ugly, but is at a very comfortable height, and so have declined offers to buy me a 'real' standing desk. I usually alternate standing and sitting in 80+% standing / 20-% sitting split. I ront feel guilty when I go home and sit on the couch for a bit, my intestines and other organs feel much better now after standing as sitting prolonged hours seemed to squeeze them leading to discomfort. So overall I feel better. Much better. Initializing a spout of heavy concentration can be difficult while standing up, but once I get going I lose myself in to it. But I also recommend once every 30 minutes doing some frantic jumping or whatever to move you heart rate up for a minute or two. A timer is good for that. I am lucky enough to have enough desk to have a spot for my laptop on the regular desk, which I then remote in to the server if I need to work. What is interesting in my poor man setup is that my mouse is lower than my keyboard by maybe 25-30 cm, which I have found to be quite comfortable position. Fishing for findings is a problem, but also overly stringent multiple comparison correction requirements. Those who preach Bonferroni should consider a life-long proposal. Let us propose that correction for multiple comparisons be a life long endeavor. At the start of a scientist's career as principle investigator, p Interesting dynamic. Sometimes knowing the rules traps you as well, and it would have been better to just seek the pureness of the muse. Trying out right now. Looking for a chat feature? Or is that right on the board? I'm trying to resize a large picture on the board. Is possible? I was not sure if the board was more like a blank "powerpoint-like" space, or if it was more linear, thus my question about resizing. I use calc all the time, and it does just fine, but one thing I'd like to know how to fix is the poor performance when having a filter applied on a long column...it crawls... I have been enjoying the investigative journalism of WaPost; I am disappointed to learn that it is so closely affiliated to Amazon, an economic powerhouse (e.g. commanding about 50% of online sales, and their AWS). While the threats from coal and gas are regularly distributed through time (near constant rate of pollutants) the threat from nuclear energy are sporadic (ie meltdown, terror) and are thus harder to model and assess. Also agree with others that wind and solar are being discounted unfairly despite their growth factors. Drones: Flight in 3d open space is not a hard problem for machine learning. Indiscriminate Visual Targeting: Not all that hard a problem for machine learning. Downvote me if you will, but I freely admit that I am scared of drones with guns. Either as an invading force, or as an attack from terrorists. A machine doesn't have to be smart to shoot at anything that moves or has a heat signature. Edit: Drones with chainsaws however are just plain badass (and potentially useful for tree trimming). I agree, against prepared adversaries. I am more worried about it being used against civilians. Wowsers. The Nightly version of Firefox is FAST. I just installed the nightly, (and with several privacy extensions). BLAZING >>>>>>> FAST These features are only in the Pikot program...a Mozilla extension. These featured come in an optional extension and your comment is fud. I miss that functionality too. It is stupid that direct transfer is more of a pain that it should be. old chat programs e.g. Trillion did this just fine. Focus on the gray, and let your mind put it as the foreground, and circles, let them be a low frequency background. It may be your best chance to not see the illusion. I work with data as a neuroscientist, but I haven't used ML. What is an an annotation in this context? A utility for labeling training data for supervised learning then? Watched the video. Sounds miraculous :) Anyone here knowledgeable of atmospheric thermodynamics? Isn't that just a difference of degree, not in process? I do not know if this works, but I can say that if heat is allowed to get higher in the atmosphere, then when it radiates freely, more will escape into space than if it radiates freely at ground level. This may be relevant: Free-standing inflatable solar chimney: experiment and theory https://works.bepress.com/nima-fathi/9/ I was getting convinced by the comments below that this is a nutty idea, but then ran across this review by real researchers in a real journal (impact factor: 8) in which they discuss super chimneys and other methods. Abstract and links below: Fighting global warming by climate engineering: Is the Earth radiation management and the solar radiation management any option for fighting climate change? Abstract The best way to reduce global warming is, without any doubt, cutting down our anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases. But the world economy is addict to energy, which is mainly produced by fossil carbon fuels. As economic growth and increasing world population require more and more energy, we cannot stop using fossil fuels quickly, nor in a short term. On the one hand, replacing this addiction with carbon dioxide-free renewable energies, and energy efficiency will be long, expensive and difficult. On the other hand, meanwhile effective solutions are developed (i.e. fusion energy), global warming can be alleviated by other methods. Some geoengineering schemes propose solar radiation management technologies that modify terrestrial albedo or reflect incoming shortwave solar radiation back to space. In this paper we analyze the physical and technical potential of several disrupting technologies that could combat climate change by enhancing outgoing longwave radiation and cooling down the Earth. The technologies proposed are power-generating systems that are able to transfer heat from the Earth surface to the upper layers of the troposphere and then to the space. The economical potential of some of these technologies is analyzed as they can at the same time produce renewable energy, thus reduce and prevent future greenhouse gases emissions, and also present a better societal acceptance comparatively to geoengineering. Here are links to the paper: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1364032113... or the research gate link: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/278826192_Fighting_... From http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1364032113... 6.4. Super chimney The super-chimney imagined by Pesochinsky [150,154] consists in a huge vertical open duct at both ends, which works as a giant vacuum cleaner, transferring hot air from the sea level to the atmosphere 5 km higher, where temperature is 30 1C. The principle consists in the chimney effect based on the fact that hot air rises by buoyancy above cold air, because hot air is less dense and therefore lighter than cold air. But the process can be made more intense preventing the mixing of warm and cool air, so a chimney prevents inside air from mixing with the outside air until the air exits. The chimney stack effect needs a differential of temperature between the air inside and outside to run correctly. Moreover, the higher the chimney is, the more efﬁcient it is. It is a similar concept to previously described SCPP [148], except that there is no solar collector at the bottom of the tower, which usually couples the GH effect to the sucking effect of the chimney. According to Pesochinsky the temperature difference between the bottom and the top of the tower is sufﬁcient. Another difference with conventional SCPPs concerns the size, 5–10 times bigger: up to 10 km high with a diameter of up to 1 km. Even if these heights have never been reached by human buildings, some GE / CE projects reported in the initial part of this review envisioned similar heights [59–65]. Furthermore, some authors reported, with such a large duct and in certain atmospheric conditions, that a cold air inﬂow could occur at the top and as a result a layer of cold air could get out at the bottom of the chimney, the hotter air surface being just pushed up, with the creation of a thermal inversion. In terms of heat transfer the result is nearly the same: cold air down and hoIndeed, on some Pesochinskys designs, the tower is alongside a mountain slope or drilled inside a mountain (which seems too expensive) and numerous air pipes are connected on the sides. Di Bella [155] suggested a similar concept by using giant open pit-mines and also recycling waste-heat from power plants. This heat input could be useful to prevent cold inﬂow entering these large diameter chimneys. To illustrate the potential of these devices, according to Pesochinskys calculations [156] only 10 super chim-neys 5 km high can offset the heat surplus in the Earth atmo- sphere, which causes current global warming. This would mean that all the atmospheric circulation would be completely reorga-nized from only 10 points on the Earth’s surface: the climate induced perturbations could be much worse than what we want toavoid. Hopefully with smaller, cheaper and more numerous superchimneys, better distributed on the surface of the planet, thisdeleterious effect can be avoided. The calculations done are rather simple, and were conﬁrmed by Mudde [157] from Delft Universityof Technology. They are based on a difference of temperature of 50 1C and as the super-chimney will facilitate air convection bybringing masses of warm air up to 5 km, then when the heat from the air radiates out, as it will be already at high altitude, lessenergy will be reabsorbed by the atmosphere, due to a thinner layer of atmosphere to go through. Therefore, more heat will beleaving the atmosphere, thus reducing the global atmospherictemperature. The authors believe that more scientiﬁc studies areneeded to prove the concept, and that the techology still fairly mature to build 5 km high chimneys.Constructional generalities are given by Pesochinsky with no real details: tall skyscrapers already exist; unlike chimneys, build-ings entail much heavier construction because there are ﬂoors, ceilings, several ﬂuids and lifts going up and down, and all otherelements within buildings which are necessary to make it useful for humans. A chimney is just a cylinder, thus is a much lighterstructure and can be build a lot taller than any building with new “super-strong”materials, not even described by Pesochinsky Take Home: Feasible or not, the authors do not dismiss this as quackery. If water collection idea is a thin that can happen, that might have interesting implications too. thank you Very interesting. What, your children mind when you don't pick them up from school because an app randomised your life and sent you to a massage parlor? :-) Maybe venture capitalism is just not your thing, I get it. Still, substantive reason, not paralyzing cynicism, is why I come to HN. same, and whoah. What a pleasure it is to have this forum where people can zero in on loose language and logical fallacies. I do not mean this sarcastically in the least. Very astute. More permanent positions are needed, and grant agencies need to limit number of grants single professor can head. In fact NIH just did so to 3, I think. Good move. It seems to me that terminals are one of those things that handles the most sensitive of details on a server. No offense to the project (which looks very nice), but shouldn't we prefer a terminal emulator that has been well audited for security issues? I believe it. Everytime my friend dabbled, his heart raced. That said, there are so many third variables that are associated with adult chronic usage (no pun intended) of marijuana that covariates may have a hard time removing their influence. What is needed is a mechanism, shown in animal and cellular models with random assignment. I haven't had the chance to read; was one proposed? idk, perhaps passwords? You know, I am no security expert. I was posing a question. I frequently see HN comments question security of a number of applications, none of which are as critical an interface with production servers as the lowly terminal. For example, a recent replacement for ls was highlighted on HN, and there were questions of whether one would want to install use an untested application due to security concerns. In the case a terminal, it seems to be even a bigger potential issue since it is what one frequently types passwords in for sudo. I am quite surprised at the tone of comments. I'm curious. How is what was flippantly suggested related to securities fraud? "Passively Listening" I will say this. The frequency of occasions is increasing where I've mentioned to my wife or son a product or service out of the blue only get served an ad with that product within the next 24 hours. Sure, it could be coincidence. I could be that the product was suggested subliminally to me via a campaign, etc. But some of these things are very specialized (plastic mold press), and not related to what I'm typically interested. What I've not done is stage experiments where I randomly select products, intentionally mention said product near our family's cell phones, and make note of ads targeted at me in the next 24 hours. I'm generally liberal, but am a strong believer that much more power needs to be vested locally. There are a number of problems in the US that stem from power concentration in the hands of 1%ers that live far away. With Trump, more liberals are also starting to think in this direction. Concentrated power scares them. Concentration of power into international corporations that know everything about everyone is dangerous also, not least because of the potential for blackmail against any that oppose some action those corporations wish to take. That said, while some of your criticisms of the left ring true, you seem quite unaware of similar authoritarian monoculture tendencies in the right wing. Why has this story been pushed so hard? I've seen it in local stories all the way to WaPost He mentioned that this occurred very early in his career, perhaps as a child. The min price is about $10 because there isnt that much competition yet. I suspect if the author's fragmentation comes true, it will go down for single studi/channel offerings. No there would not be competition for the same disney movie. But there is a lot of competing content out there that will lower prices. Let us do more than hope not. The more I learn, the less stable I realize is the earth. My town in years past, as part of a tradition, planted fruit trees throughout the parkways. Cherry, plum, apple, etc. They are left mostly unpicked today. I believe they were planted to be picked, by visitors to the parkways, to be able to grab down a plum for your daughter on her tricycle. And I do. Especially the cherries. I am naive but why is there not a decentralized service for exchanging cryptocurrency (or is there?)? The solution to link rot (and to privacy invasion) is to download the internet. 1. Download the internets. 2. git the diffs. Privacy comes because if everyone has the internet in their local cache (lol), then external servers can't say what YOU are REALLY looking at. We have been collectively programmed to trust the grocery store product over what we can reach out and grab. lets stick to concept for now, eh? In-group out-group markers are flexible, but can most easily be based on physical characteristics, so it is maintained. The best chance to remove it is to counteract those markers with in-group markers pertaining to class, dress, language, and values. EDITED for typos and clarity. thin profit margins on amazon is not the same as costs of doing business on amazon. Amazon takes a hefty cut. Agreed. Perhaps send them a note. nan I am not a data scientist, just a researcher in cog neuro. With multicollinearity, I'd first want to know whether these variables are meant to measure the same latent construct. If so, creating a latent factor in a SEM seems the way to go. Lassos and ridge regression I've heard of, but I know very little, except thatse methods can find use when using fmri voxel timeseries... As a post-doc in developmental cog neuro I feel I have to be a 'poly math.' Cognitive theory, Developmental processes theory, Brain theory, developmental brain processes, structural and fMRI methods and software, multiple regression (including mixed models, structural equation modeling) intermediate programming, linux administration, technical writing, experimental design, administration of research activities, teaching (??), and recently throw in autism research. On top of that, I'm reasonably informed on current events, read HN daily, keep tabs on the outlines of advances in medicine and other sciences. I think I'll go back to sleep. I am curious why the parent is earning down votes. Is it the comment about teaching? I think I am going to sleep is indicating that I can feel overwhelmed. All I meant that in my field we are asked to have competence in a wide range of disciplines. In contrast to the 'r/iamverysmart' and consistent with the article, I feel intimidated by those that do specialize in those things I use. I am aware of a lot, but I feel like I am pretender in all of them. I constantly come into contact with the limits of my intelligence and I am not impressed. I was indicating that my field pulls me in so many directions that I am overwhelmed.. But I see now that I didn't articulate that well. So freedom is not having the choice to use DRM? Spending resources optimizing Firefox for how sites implement their JS seems over the top. The heaviest sites tend to be the most mainstream anyway, imo, and those are easy to pick out. I am a Mozilla supporter for more than a decade, but this is the wrong move. You would outlaw locks for the front doors of houses too? All 0's and 1's occupy real electrons in real space. They are not part of the ether. You are making a distinction between electronic information and the physical that is artificially derived. I think perhaps you are saying that a pattern of information should not be locked up, but instantiations of a pattern can be. An ignorant person would ignore a license or just delete the license text. But he didn't just delete it, he replaced it. Anyone with insight on this I read years ago: http://www.popularmechanics.com/science/energy/a11907/is-the... I worry that that if Thorium reactors become very very common because they are thought to be very safe (e.g. behind your house common, as some have bragged), but they turn out to be dangerous...we will have a real problem. I detest AMP and everything it stands for. I'd like to see this in Firefox. To be clear the worry was not about a meltdown, but that Thorium can be used to create Plutonium 233, per the article I cited. Apparently their matket position gives them this ability. If I can't get a research position in the States, but can in Europe, that is a problem. There are fewer permanent positions being created,not fewer academics. Hence the post-doc crisis. The risk is that a paying country might win a big portion of US born post docs ifthe situatio doesn't change. If there was money then why are there not enough research positions open? I don't know the job market there. I was stating a hypothetical; I should have made that clearer. Given the post-doc situation, if another country were to dramtically increase funding for positions, America would see a brain drain. For the busy, play by post is a great option. Any form of geoengineering that is outside of earth mskes me nervous. Removing or altering its effect might be precluded if society breaks down (e.g.after a nucleur war) I agree that it would be nice to see what the command line entry would be for an application. Like you I prefer text driven sites. It runs clean. YC runs like how I like my Desktop UI to work. Clean and functional. I was disappointed by the 'data science' in this article. From selecting distribution as a criterion for the qualitry of a metric, for using Pearson correlation with non normal data, for using non correlation with Fandango as tie-breaking criterion, for failing to use external criteria (e.g. ticket sales) to validate or compare metrics, and to be picky, for failing to discuss (for example) generalized lin models with link functions to deal with non normal error distributions. It was an interesting article, but I think we must be very careful if we are to make the strong claim that the entirety of western literature follows a single plot structure. Maybe all Disney movies, but not the great abundance that constitutes western literature. I am reading the original Dragon Lance saga to my two daughters. Very enjoyable, but I'm not satisfied by my voicing of Raistlin. Well put it this way, if authors read out loud what they wrote more frequently, they'd probably better streamline their prose. IRB stuff can be painful, but in my experience submitting these through the process is a lot less problematic than it was described in the article. An experienced PI knows how to navigate these issues. Practically, there are two issues with which the IRB is concerned. 1) Protection of particpants 2) Protection of the Institution from litigation by participants. Realizing the second oft unspoken goal can help you manage the IRB process Onto Mars! I admit I logged in to HN to make the same grammar correction. Fewer/Less grammar errors bug me badly. I don't know why this particular grammatical error bugs me so, but every time I encounter it, I have an inner voice that yells 'fewer.' My family hates me for it. After my son mentioned it yesterday,Ithought this article was going to be about assistant infinite loops (e.g. a Google-Alexa infinite loop. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LEz9AU9c2qQ ) I generally go by 'If it is countable' which in the end may just be the difference of being singlular or plural. Less person, less zoo, less cigarette, fewer hatreds, fewer abuses, fewer misuses of power. Flip flopping it around. The last three are now countable. The first three, while maybe verging on nonsensical, are grammatically correct. Less zoo, for example, might be used in the context of closing down part of a zoo. 'I have less cigarette left than Joe', also makes sense, if we are comparing cigarette lengths. Or is it a difference only of being singular or plural? oh holy hell it is going to be hot in Davis tomorrow. 110 deg F inland near Sacramento. ugg Indeed. Pair that with a beer at the BeerShoppe, and a burger at Burger and Brews. Sticks aren't about belligerance. Sticks are about muscle. Dopping bombs. Freezing bank accounts. You are obviously a troll, but I'd like to point out that the U.S. military difficulties in the middle east are not for lack of military might, but for the retraints the U.S. places on its military power to retain moral and ethical legitimacy in a post WW2 world. If the U.S. instead decided that the lives of non-combatants in the middle east civilians mattered less than total dominance, any town harboring terrorists would be leveled flat with carpet bombs. This is not an argument that the US military endeavors are always moral and ethical, as they are not, clearly. However, there is a far cry between what takes place in Afghanistan, and how, for example, Rome ensured the peace in their territories: Roads lined with crucifixes. Most investors have the privilege to take risks because they have pre-existing wealth; but yeah their investments carry risk. Workers also carry risk; they invest resources to establish and maintain their employment with a company. I admit that I thought this was about beer. A very very fine beer that I have not yet had the pleasure of enjoying. Pliny the Younger is still quite a nice beer that I've had on multiple occasions from the tap, and is generally more available if you are at the right establishment on the right night. I still need to visit the actual Russian River brewery https://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/863/7971/ This is what I think about at the pump. More and more I see gas pumps ask if you want a receipt BEFORE the gas is dispensed. This seems risky. If you decline the receipt and then dispense gas, the pump could cheat on the amount of gas dispensed with less risk, as a papered record of the purchase amount and price is not produced. If on the other hand, the pump waits to ask if you desire a receipt until after the gasoline is dispensed, the dispenser will not know if a written record will be requested, and cheating the customer is riskier. Therefore, I always request a receipt if asked prior to dispensing my gasoline. Pair that with cameras to classify whether it is being pumped into a car or into a portable tank.....eesh By one do you mean the consumer? Gas pump software seems to come with two variants: 1) Ask before pumping gas. 2) Ask after pumping gas. Without a receipt there are two things that can be a problem: 1) Less gas is pumped, 2) Charged more than the pump said. True the receipt protects against 2) more than 1) because the car's tank does not have an accurate guage. I remember listening to a story once about a fraud at the gas tank in which the normal amount of gas was only given out when requested in an even increment a five gallons which was how much The Regulators requested when they came and tested a gas stations pumps. they were caught after a spicious regulator requested an odd amount of gasoline and got the wrong amount. with a combination of receipts and camera/ML classification that classifies when a customer is filling a tank versus filling their car will allow avoidance of weights and measures regulators. This is a problem I foresee. http://articles.latimes.com/1998/oct/09/business/fi-30669 See link for a scam using an altered microchip and scheme to protect itself from discovery by weights and measures. Wouldn't that depend on the source of energy running the CO2 extractor? The idea is to price CO2 emissions by the cost of CO2 scrubbing. Then a law would be set in place requiring measurement of CO2 emissions - CO2 scrubbed, which is then multiplied by industry median cost of scrubbing, which would be then taxed. This is fine, but without other simultaneous changes, will do harm to young scientists. We need credit for publishing null results, or stop judgment on the basis of publication number. Would lead to larger, more well powered studies (good), but this tends to lead to acquiring multiple measures which can be inappropriately data-mined, and leads to large grants to established investigators, but fewer grants to new investigators. Didn't see an example where SpaceX engineers reached out to Tesla. :) I see Tesla, SpaceX, Boring, Solar companies as being quite synergistic over the medium term...and especially in application in space. Because Trump likely has true psychiatric issues. I have thus far avoided any Zucker interviews, but I will say that I have had enough of presidential conflicts of interest. Facebook is too big, and he would need to completely divest. It is really time to move past SSNs It will probably land in Reno. Just my prediction. If you feel embarrassed that your maid will know you buy $6 bread, buy $3 bread and give your maid $3. Instead, they peel the sticker off. Did my statement say there was something wrong with being rich? This is about people who feel embarrassed. I doubt they are feeling embarrassed because they feel that there is nothing wrong with their extravagance....and their solution to this embarrassment is to hide their extravagant spending, not by altering their spending or generosity. But I also empathize. I've done the same when I walk past the homeless, or past fieldworkers...and me a poor post-doc. Hating the rich...Well now there are multiple types of rich, aren't there. There are rich that were born to their money, treat investments of that money as "risks", look at the rabble and sneer because she/he is so obviously better, because look at all that risk that payed out...that type is easy to hate. But money makes money and I find the rentiers worthless. Then there are those that worked hard, and got lucky, and still remember what it is like to wonder how the hell you are going to fix the brakes on the car, how to lose weight while working two part-time jobs with hours that change weekly. In any case, hate of the rich is not driven by envy or driven by the fact that they are rich at all. The hate is driven by the excessive inequality, not just the exaggerated inequality in pay, but exaggerated inequality in opportunity, in legal representation both in the courtroom but also in the making of law. They are angry because the fix is in, and they know it in their bones. It doesn't even matter whether someone posted that: You can always find a post on the internet from someone posting a threat against someone else . Rentier economies are economies that are not efficient and lead to social instability. That is an assertion, but I bet it is true. An[d] society is under no obligation to let your money continue to have power over them. See it can go both ways, and people have to give both ways. BULL. I wonder if we'd prefer a system where the majority of wealth after death goes back into a national trust and is immediately re-dispersed back and divided among all citizens...the national inheritance if you will. Of course there would be implementation issues. Or become the politicians a la some Facebook founder But those that inherited the wealth from their daddy, who have their investor spread that wealth around, what do they do? They don't even clean for themselves. This is true for programmers and the like. But: Cleaning and cooking after cleaning and cooking at the Denny's all day? Not so much. Just because it was led by such does not mean that the soldier was not fighting for their liberated futures. When Google first came out and we tried it there were two things we liked about it. The first: Good search results. Yeah everyone knows that right. But young people today might have forgotten the second reason we liked Google search back then: The Second: A clean page with a single logo and search field. It loaded quick. There were no banners everywhere, no bs. HackerNews has that feel. It is clean, information dense, and does what it needs to do. I'd add that Google News used to have that clean feel too, many years ago. Each generation it gets worse. The latest generation using AMP is nearly unreadable on my Nexus 5 phone, it bogs it to a crawl. Investors don't actually have to own the wealth to invest the wealth. Hence investment firms. So if Jack built a company from the ground up, and Jill inherits money from Jack, who then has Sam invest that money in the markets, Jill is suddenly being a productive member of society? Except for the ownership bit, it was Jack and Sam actually doing the value adding. Jill is just a rentier The subthread started by the statement "those that inherited the wealth from their daddy, who have their investor spread that wealth around, what do they do? They don't even clean for themselves." It is being argued that she is doing something. She is spreading here wealth around. My counter argument is that she is not infact spreading it around, her investment firm is. She adds no value. Her money does. Nowhere in the thread does it appear the idea that money should not be circulated. Every child deserves start up money. Duckduck go is a pretty good engine for 90% of searches. I wonder however whether its (perhaps tenuous) connection with Yandex and Russia should give pause? I admit I have only read this in a headline several years back. In human neuroscience we cannot ethically take living human brain samples. For example, many autism researchers would like to examine how drugs can affect neurotransmitter pathways in neurons from autistic humans, but we cannot get those neurons. Recent research is getting funded in which skin cells, which can be ethically collected, and are coaxed into neurons. While there are bound to be differences between these neurons and 'real' neurons from the brain, it is a big step forward. I am sure I don't understand the details, but I do know that NIH is actively funding research investigating neuro-psychiatric disorders employing models based on converting skin cells into neurons. Once upon a time a top scientists could contribute to biology, chemistry, and physics, yet today this is extremely unlikely. All the knowledge we accumulate and build on need names, structures, and nuance. You can't just throw that all away and describe what you are doing or thinking limited to a basic highschool level vocabulary. The problems we face are harder, for complex, and more esoteric than ever before, and it is amazing. Failure to fully specify the methods is a problem, but it is an institutionally wide issue related to a number of complex issues. In honest open areas, this lack is due to issues with space in journal formats. In other fields, it may be to protect IP...ugh The facts are the opposite really. Today we are collecting so much data that we don't have enough time to actually write it all up. That is why we beyond busy. And to your others assertions. Utter hogwash. The simplest explanation is that we've built up large bodies of specialist knowledge that can't just be reduced to "Rock falls down, gravity. huh." Take biology, and look at this depiction of metabolic pathways: https://img.scoop.it/B6Bp6lXGshGZEPRnL8_P4YXXXL4j3HpexhjNOf_... How do you bring that complexity down so that someone coming out of highschool can avoid having to learn a lot about it first, and still transmit something useful to other specialists? Otherwise, what we'd get is another episode of NOVA That is fine for reviews. I 'm not sure that is appropriate or even possible in empirical reports. Would a computer endlessly churning out music on par with Beethoven, Chopin, and the Beatles make us happier as humans? I was raised very poor in a small rural neighborhood of dirt and chicken coops among even poorer immigrant farm workers. Now I comment on HN. Shall I refine the question then? Would Beethoven, Chopin, or the Beatles be happy if a computer churned out equivalent masterpieces? What damages can one claim if one's ID was stolen in the Equifax breach, but havent yet been the subject of fraud? I'd like to say that most of cognitive psychology does not suffer the issues so frequently reported in the news by social-psychology research..but this is wrong. Too many neuroimaging studies have n To this affliction, my own research has luckily been relatively immune. Developmental studies need large Ns to track age-related trajectories, and most of my graduate research has N's greater than 100...for which I am grateful to my advisor and NIH. The lack of pure replication studies is frustrating, but I am compelled to mention that in many cases the experimental effect of the prior study often ends up becoming the baseline condition of the next study. IF the earlier experimental effect fails to replicate as baseline condition, then it isn't a good baseline in the new research, and thus fails to replicate, and thus the experiment is discontinued. Not just trolls. I find that moderating voices have a hard time on comment sections. There is a tendency to go to one extreme or the other, where the most hardliners tend to drown others out. Congratulations. You hijacked a thread. It seems that Equifax needs to be sued out of existence...no settling. This would send a message that companies need to protect sensitive data or face severe consequences.