F8 is Facebook's developer conference, not their platform. Their platform, surprisingly enough, is called Facebook Platform. Check out http://www.pequrl.com It's by a friend of mine and not super pretty, but it works! I'm down for a San Francisco meetup Anyone from SF driving down and interested in carpooling? Interesting idea...just for reference, I ran it on a recent blog post of mine: http://www.ryanwaggoner.com/2008/08/how-simple-is-too-simple... (sorry for the spam :-) Overall, I would say that it was most useful when it was pointing out things like passive voice or cliches, and less useful when telling me to replace relatively simple words or phrases with even simpler ones. Some of the words were things like: "feedback", "solicit", "desire", etc. We could certainly replace these with "opinion", "ask for", and "want", but some of the meaning and nuance is lost, especially given the context. I may not be the most eloquent writer, but I'm not writing for a group of 4th-graders. The "dumbing down" of language leads to dumbing down of thought in the long run. That has to be really frustrating as a developer, to know that you could probably prevail in court if you could afford to defend yourself, but since you can't (and they know you can't), the mere threat of a lawsuit is enough to make you fold. Any sympathetic attorneys out there who might want to help the guy out with a bit of advice at least? Sweet...see everyone there! Whew...I was readying my signs to join the Googlers on the picket lines to show solidarity through this difficult time. "But I don't want to be a pro writer of trash novels that are read and discarded on the beaches of the world," he retorted. Given the choice, I'd much rather write the kinds of articles you see in Scientific American or the Economist. By writing for the masses, you must write for the lowest common denominator. No thanks. Give that guy a Klondike bar. Seriously, can someone please give this guy some pro bono legal advice? It would be a shame to lose this just because he didn't know for sure that all he needs to do is change the name. The author is naive if he thinks that this initiative is going to wipe out all the for-profit ventures in this arena. I enjoyed counting up the logical fallacies and incidences of circular reasoning throughout the post, though. That completely sucks. I can't believe that some company thinks they're entitled to what a developer built in his spare time, using no company resources (assuming that's the case, of course). Fuck being owned by some piece of shit corporate machine. I feel like I read somewhere that these types of agreements are usually not enforceable in California, but Freewebs looks like they're headquartered in Maryland (though SGN is in CA), so it might depend on where he was working when this occurred. Regardless, it sounds like bullshit. Hope he fights and wins. You do what you did: you quit. You will never get rich working for someone else. You may make a few million over the course of years, but without ownership, you'll never build true wealth. Chalk it up to learning, start your own thing, don't look back. Or come and work for me ;-) It comes down to petty greed. But it's even worse than greed. It's unbridled greed with no integrity whatsoever. Why build something solid that adds value when you can steal it from someone else who toiled and risked to do so? starting a business with friends and hiring friends are two different things. Looks awesome...great job! "However, they are also potentially gaining a sale from a user who would have not normally purchased their music, but downloaded and decided to buy." The analogy breaks down because music and other forms of media are just pure information, so there is no reason to buy it if you already downloaded it, especially as the friction of obtaining an illegal copy is reduced to zero. I'd like to see some evidence or indication that this is deliberate on any level. Isn't this what Gnip is doing, except that Gnip's solution is readily available to anyone who wants it? In fact, I believe Gnip uses XMPP to push notifications to data consumers, which seems even more efficient. Am I missing something? whoa! that was...unexpected. Whoa...those are some pretty nifty ideas. Sign up for a preview of BlueSwarm.com ;-) Got it. So this is designed to be the piece that allows publishers to easily integrate with intermediate services like Gnip, or with aggregation services like FF, SocialThing, etc. Buying a physical copy of a book is a little different, as it does offer some additional benefit (in terms of portability, different medium, whatever). However, let's say that your argument is that some people will like the author and "buy" a copy of the music they already have, even though that copy offers zero additional benefit to the consumer. That's a donation, not a purchase. I wish more clients realized this and were comfortable with such an arrangement. It does require a great deal of trust in your developer, though. Ugh...I hate Forbes.com with all their ads and janky crap. here's a slightly more bearable version: http://www.forbes.com/2008/08/27/microsoft-google-browsers-c... Create something you care about and have fun doing it...you never know where it will go. And don't worry too much about having the "right" background. The great thing about the web, and technology in general, is that it enables people without the right background or pedigree to turn the world upside down. Just go do it. I agree with several of the author's points, but I'm not sure the case is made clearly enough that this would be an advantage. Perhaps some examples of the architecture would help. Also, I'm not sure that #2 is a benefit of such a system over any other offline client. And if you want offline access to web-based apps, products like Google Gears seems to be the way to go, rather than yet another client app. The one about thinking that they needed to move really fast reminds me of one of my favorite quotes, recounted in "The Dip" by Seth Godin: "We knew that Google was going to get better every single day as we worked on it, and we knew that sooner or later, everyone was going to try it. So our feeling was that the later you tried it, the better it was for us because we'd made a better impression with better technology. So we were never in a big hurry to get you to use it today. Tomorrow would be better." ~Sergey Brin (cofounder Google) That's a crazy mentality to have, and stands in such stark contrast to most of the frantic behavior of startups today. Take your time and build a great product. definitely some downsides to this service: -inserts ads -your users must signup via the zeep mobile panel -all messages are sent and received from the zeep shortcode that being said, there are no volume restrictions, and free is a powerful motivator, especially for side projects or hobby apps. Oh, it's not going to stop us, or even slow us down. If anything, having responsibilities like a wife and kids has focused our energies on what's really important to us. I was just curious as to how YC might view things like this. Awesome...exactly the kind of stuff I was looking for. Thanks! Hmmm...not sure that anyone would characterize founding a web startup as "safe" ;-) Hmmm...I understand what you're saying, but you seem to be presenting a false dichotomy where the only two options are starting a web company or a restaurant. For the vast majority of people with kids, the "safe" option is getting a good job that pays well and offers good benefits. It's also a bit disingenuous to say that if your web business fails, you lose nothing. Perhaps that's true for a single guy who is starting a company with some friends, but for the average married founder w/kids, there is a significant investment that will need to made in the form of time spent on their startup, as well as mental and psychological energy. Not to mention any cash investment, and the lost income that could have been earned with the time spent on the startup. If you fail, there is a cost. A little defiant, eh? I like it. When is it ever worth not applying? I'm sure that certain things hurt your chances in YC's eyes, but hopefully they don't have such blinders on that all of those things are immediate deal-killers. I feel that the exercise of filling out the application is useful in itself, and if they pass, no loss. I disagree with the premise that anger towards VCs isn't warranted. The author paints a picture of the VC as an innocent victim of changing times: "VC doesn’t have a greater share of bad actors than the ecommerce or gaming sectors. Large-scale, software VC is simply a formerly great business in decline, and there are a lot of good, smart people who haven’t made in VC yet who are worried about their (and their families’) economic futures. It’s not evil — it’s their job and they may not feel they can switch." Those poor VCs who have no other career options available to them, and must therefore resort to squeezing every last drop of blood from entrepreneurs who don't know any better. I absolutely believe that there are some fantastic VCs out there, but anger against the industry is only natural when you've been screwed over like some of these companies have. Well, that's a personal decision, obviously, but your post didn't say anything about you not applying because you didn't want to be away from your family, just that you didn't think YC would accept you because you have a family. Agreed...I walked away twice from a fledgling startup that wasn't willing to offer me fair terms. The first time, they offered equity that was barely in the single digit range ;-) Neither of the other two founders are technical people, and they can't afford to hire someone, so I found this pretty laughable. They came back with a much higher percentage, but they wouldn't agree to me getting the same vesting arrangement that they were getting / would get in a future round. So far, they've not really gone anywhere since I walked. another reason for companies to not store your data forever. Would freebase work for what you need? Judging from a lot of the management I've observed, even augment is probably a bit optimistic. I can see several issues with this approach: 1. The article paints a picture of a world where "management" basically becomes a role of data-entry and adjusting some parameters and constraints until the system tells you what to do. It seems unlikely that managers are going to support such a system. 2. The system can only do so much to take the human factor into account. The author of the article compares this system to efforts by IBM over the last few decades to apply similar research efforts to supply chain management. But people aren't widgets in a global supply chain operation, and are unlikely to appreciate being reduced to an interchangeable commodity deployed by an algorithm. 3. The system is not allowed to use personnel files, including performance appraisals, in the analysis. It would seem like this would be one of the richest sources of actual data in the system. I still think the approach has some value and is definitely interesting, but I'm not sure that it will have the impact that they seem to expect. Where's the space elevator? I think that's true to a certain extent, but I also tend to subscribe to Ray Kurzweil's theory that futurists overestimate the pace of change in the short-term and underestimate the pace of change in the long-term. The reason for this is that the pace of change is not constant, but is increasing exponentially, as new technologies enable more rapid iterations of development and market adoption of even newer technologies, and so on. However, this exponential trend is difficult to grasp from our perspective today, so futurists tend to extrapolate out the current pace of change into the future (along with a healthy dose of optimism), when in reality, change is accelerating. Create something awesome that people want and need, whether it's a product, content, or a service. I'm not saying that "if you build it, they will come", but the vast majority of the blogs, companies, and personal brands out there vying for attention are copycats, peddling the same tired content, commentary, and poorly-executed ideas. Another sweet site in this same vein is http://mobaganda.com This guy's analysis is basically this: they won't be able to do it. Also, his assertation that a touchscreen doesn't add much value to a web browser is nonsense. I love browsing on my iPhone, because it's intuitive and easy to navigate. But browsing on my blackberry was annoying as hell. Scrolling through all the links on the page to get to the one you want is a horrible user experience. I'd say that $250 - $300 is a more realistic price range for this thing that they're building, but let's see what they can pull off. A keyboard for this kind of device would be stupid. If that's what you're after, just get an Eee. And browsing the web without a touchscreen or some kind of pointing device would be a horrible experience. They've got the concept nailed for the most part...now the challenging is building it for that price. Let me sum this article up for you: C++ sucks...blah blah blah...Java sucks too...blah blah...every OOP language sucks...blah blah...philosophy crap...blah blah blah. No solutions, just bitching about how everything sucks, wrapped in enough pseudo-intellectual bullshit to drown a mule. Agreed, though they shouldn't be allowed to label that access as "unlimited". Also agree with the poster below who bemoans the monopolistic nature of broadband. Many markets have only one or two viable options for broadband internet access. Question: are you guys offsetting Google's server usage as well? And if not, why wouldn't I just use Google? Seems like it's better to avoid using extra energy in the first place, rather than using and subsequently offsetting it. Side note: damn Alex, you've got quite the academic resume ;-) Actually, a tiny proportion of people run 64-bit Linux. It's easy to claim that society is going down the wrong path, especially if you define that path somewhat nebulously (not enough innovation!) and don't give any concrete examples. Just what kinds of innovation are people looking for that they're not getting? And further, what innovations from decades ago are we still relying on today and not innovating through? In so many areas, from medicine to biotech to clean energy to nanotechnology to space exploration to the web, we are seeing new waves of progress and research. Is our pace as fast as it could be? Probably not. But let's call it what it is, instead of predicting gloom and doom. Well, I'm no Scoble, but my opinion is that your site looks great. Best of luck at DEMO! Step 1: done Step 2: in progress Step 3: never ending :-) Actually, the author says this in the first paragraph: "...nor do they obviate the need to address mundane matters such as war, poverty, disease, climate change, and helping Democrats win elections. " So I'd say that it was a fair statement by the commenter above. As Guy stated, for most companies, going the YC route qualifies as plan B more than plan A. Two guys living in their parents basement and giving up 6% for 15 - 20k so they can scrape by for six months is a far cry from giving up 30 - 40% for $1-2m so you can hire five people and burn through that money in less than a year building a product for all the users you're sure you're going to get. I tried to read this, but the text was too dense for me to concentrate on from this noisy coffee shop. Oh well. This strikes me as really inappropriate for HN, almost to the point of being offensive. Judging by the poster's comments, he/she clearly believes that the founders on HN are "contributing" to the problems the world is facing by pursuing their dreams and starting companies. I would argue that just the opposite is true, for three reasons: 1. People with large amounts of disposable income have the opportunity to have a huge impact in developing nations. Many charitable foundations and global health & poverty efforts were started by people who made their wealth in a tech startup. Look at the efforts of the Gates Foundation, for example. 2. Some startups have actually targeted problems that "really matter" and are trying to do their part to have a positive impact on the world. The first example that comes to my mind is CO2Stats. 3. Technological innovation actually creates wealth in the world, and as someone else pointed out, we are seeing many countries emerge from extreme poverty, largely due to the influences of technology over the last fifty years. People like many of those found here on HN have driven those technologies and I'm proud to hang out on a forum with so many people who are hungry for their chance to change the world for the better. Regardless, the poster has obviously made a blanket judgment that none of us are aware or care. The truth is that many of us are aware and care deeply, but this is Hacker News, not Starving Children News. Welcome to contextual relevance. I sometimes wonder how prevalent selection bias is in articles like this and the demographics they feature. If you're a magazine writer in NYC writing an article like this, how do you find people who buy under the influence? Stop people on the street? Go to a crowded bar and chat people up? It seems likely that a decent percentage of your interviews are with friends and friends of friends. It also seems likely that many of those people would be in similar careers. Best line from the article: "a non-detail-oriented securities analyst summarized the article (apparently without reading it first) and uploaded the summary to Bloomberg." Should read: "a lazy and now-unemployed securities analyst..." Have I missed anything? Yeah, you've missed everything. It's a nice idea to try and give an employee what he's looking for from a startup within your corporate environment, but it's just not possible. Corporate employees exist to build wealth for someone else. That's just the reality of the situation. There are a lot of benefits that come with corporate life, primarily stability, but if he wants freedom, he won't get it working for someone else. When I was an employee, I had to remind myself that every benefit and incentive was an addicting trap, designed to keep me from leaving. A steady paycheck will erode an entrepreneur's soul over time, because you come to rely on it and striking out on your own is that much harder. To be clear, I think it's commendable that you're trying to provide a great environment for your employees, but I think the best case scenario here is that you'll work hard to keep him, and you might succeed, but something inside him will die a little and he'll always wonder if he made the right choice. Why not just let him go give it a shot? I think it'll cost you more in the long run to fight it than it would to just get a new employee. And I know we don't want to get sidetracked on this, but entrepreneurs do not "quit their boss". They absolutely do quit their jobs because they long for the freedom and rush of creating something on their own, no matter how awesome their boss is. If you disagree, perhaps that indicates more about the difference between a corporate and entrepreneurial mindset than anything else. Not to brag or reveal my political leanings, but I had my SSIDs set to RonPaul2008 and VoteRonPaul last fall :-) That presumes that every person in the organization signs up. Actual adoption is likely to be far lower. My favorite part of this criticism was how the author implied that this would fail because corporations don't want their business data in the cloud (a viable concern), but then turned around and suggested that companies should make great software that people want, like 37 signals has done. Ironic. Well done. Reminds me of a quote by Thomas Jefferson...something about the tree of liberty :-) Very few good ideas are dependent on getting a certain domain name. Good talk overall, though the format is a kind of annoying on the web. The one comment I would make is regarding his book suggestions: "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" is not a total waste of time, but very close, unless you're completely oblivious to the idea of wealth. Here's the only useful piece of info from it: buy cash-producing assets like real estate or businesses, not flashy cars or glitzy vacations. A better book is "How to Get Rich" by Felix Dennis. You didn't even provide direct links to the "evidence" you were presenting. Links to Google search results pages to back up your statement? Really? http://www.google.com/search?q=denial http://www.google.com/search?q=anti+science 1.5) ensure the coffee shop has no security cameras Congrats on such an amazing accomplishment. I have triathlon on my list of goals for the next couple years, with the eventual goal of doing the Ironman. Definitely looking forward to getting to that level. Whoa! I'm eating that now...that kind of freaks me out. Throw some salsa in the beans and eat it over brown rice. Healthy and tasty. Then you haven't followed very closely. I'm addicted to this site. But would it stay competitive for very long? Just want to respectfully request everyone to calm just a tad...I'm well aware of how bad a metric "lines of code" is, but I was still curious :-) Oh the whole, I would agree with some of his premises, but if his conclusion is actually that houses will lose 90% of their value, he hasn't been right, and he won't be. We definitely saw some crazy over-inflated housing prices, and we're now seeing a correction in many markets, but we're not going to see $400k houses dropping to $40k nationwide. Not even close. According to the reversion to the mean theory, we'll likely see prices drop below the long-term trendline and then climb back up to it. But dropping to 10% of their peak? Perhaps in one or two markets, but even then, I seriously doubt it. Not if you're an entrepreneur. "Tom was very fortunate that he had something else to walk away to...I only wish everyone had as difficult-yet-easy choice as Tom did." Don't most people have the same choice, provided that they want it? From reading the account, it didn't sound like Tom had any special advantages other than being willing to take the risk and go for it. HN is packed with ppl who have taken the plunge into the unknown to start something without having any idea how it would turn out. To characterize their difficult decision as being the result of some special advantage that they had seems like an excuse for why some weren't willing to take the same risks. Interesting article, but is there some reason this is posted in its entirety here instead of linked to? Rackspace is on a spending spree :-) It sounds like what Fred is saying is suspiciously close to the maxim "You have a spend money to make money", which is often quoted by people as they spend money on useless things that will in no way help them make money. As a real estate investor, I can tell you that cash is kingliest when it's sitting in your bank account. It makes expansion much easier, because people are most willing to loan money to people who don't need it. I kind of expect it's the same in the startup world...if you're sitting on a large pile of cash with a low burn rate and high profitability, you can probably raise cash a lot easier than a startup that's down to their last nickel with a huge burn rate and no profitability in sight, yes? I can't believe I fell for that for a split second :) I think the difference is that this guy is taking paying passengers down and some in the industry seem to think that they're not being made fully aware of the risks. I'm pretty sure you just hang around a weird crowd... pages through Facebook to see if anyone's status is building submarine or hobby rocket Yeah, just a weird crowd :-) "I've also heard it explained like this: Assume everyone wants to work (or talk about technical stuff) 95% of the time, and flirt 5% of the time. Assuming your company (or LUG) has a 1:10 female:male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don't want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well." Though humorous, this seems a surprisingly cogent explanation. You can be profitable and still need to raise money to expand more rapidly. Great, more doom and gloom. Hopefully my competitors read this :-) Doing consulting and freelance work but leaving that all behind next month to pursue my startup full-time. Crazy times ahead ;-) This took you five hours? Seriously? That's actually a pretty interesting idea for a website. It held my attention for longer than I thought it would. I voted on probably 10 of the random races. Absolutely...didn't you? Just kidding ;-) Haha...sorry, I just couldn't resist :) I could be wrong, but I think this letter illustrates why why many of us are attracted to startups. This kind of esprit de corps, this sleeping under your desk and working around the clock doing everything you can to move the ball forward, this single-minded insanity that focuses 100% of your effort and will on building something amazing and changing the world forever. Is it probably just naive and idealistic and ridiculous? Yeah, it probably is. But I think at the end of the day, many of us just want to be that committed to something. After reading your comment, I immediately headed over to Wikipedia to refresh my memory on the Monty Hall problem. The results of my search are a good illustration of why I love the internet: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_hall_problem The article is nearly 6000 words and includes diagrams, detailed mathematical explanations, a very detailed synopsis of the history of the problem, and links to like 50 sources. All for a probability puzzle. Unbelievable. But would 5% of their users? I could see that. You eat elephants one bite at a time. Startups usually have to pick an area to start with, whether it's a demographic, a feature set, or a geographic area. Don't take it personally. From the wording, it sounds like the "requirement" will only extend to high school and college students, not citizens of all ages. I agree that this sounds onerous, but I suspect that the requirement will only extend to students at government-funded institutions. I seriously doubt that a requirement for all private citizens to give their time would stand up under judicial scrutiny. The rest of this article is just baseless conjecture about what will and will not qualify as community service. I think he's saying that the HTML-parsing approach only works when the HTML is well-formed and for most sites, it isn't. Reminds me of the caverns level from the old N64 Goldeneye game. Excellent post. Too often, product guys and business guys don't really understand each other or the value that each bring to the table. I've lost count of the number of times that I've watched business entrepreneurs try and hire a code monkey to build their vision for a tiny fraction of the equity, knowing that they'll probably fail because they place too little emphasis on the product and technical vision, especially in the early days. Similarly, I've seen a lot of disdain for business entrepreneurs from the hacker side of the tech community, probably partly due to backlash from the "code monkey" mentality described above, but also due to a fundamental misunderstanding of the value of marketing and sales. Both sides are important, but which is more relevant is determined by the phase you're in. Interesting article, but the author's selective memory and faulty logic continually undermines the point he's trying to make. My favorite was this gem: "Past U.S. generations invented the airplane; invented the automobile; discovered penicillin; and built the Interstate highway system. The Baby Boom generation has invented credit default swaps; mortgage backed securities; the fast food drive thru window; discovered the cure for erectile dysfunction; and built bridges to nowhere. No wonder we’re in so much trouble. This completely ignores developments like the personal computer revolution, the Internet, modern telecommunications, satellite technology, space exploration, advances in biotechnology, dramatic reductions in global poverty, etc, etc. I'm sure I'm forgetting some, but you get the idea. The author would have done well to acknowledge that the reality of the situation is more nuanced than the picture he attempts to paint. Math. j/k :-) I'm speaking of reductions in extreme global poverty: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poverty#Measuring_poverty I would guess that fb's market share is close to google's and youtube, or at least will be soon based on current growth patterns. I may be wrong. He may be right but I would have liked to see a deeper understanding of price elasticity of demand, as well as some data to back up some of his claims. Interesting how you roped Obama into the discussion, despite it being completely irrelevant. And it's true that millions of people are starving every year, dying of preventable diseases, etc. But those things correlate strongly with extreme poverty, and the number of people in extreme poverty has dropped dramatically over the last 25 years and continues to drop. Interesting. I wonder if the key question will come down to how he came across the information. From what I understand, it can only be considered insider trading if it's based on non-public information. Perhaps Mark based his decision on something public that just hadn't really hit most people's radar yet? Or perhaps he's 100% guilty and got caught red-handed. Not necessarily...perhaps someone else failed to keep the information confidential, in which case it would seem that Cuban would be legally free to sell, correct? Once the news breaks, it's no longer non-public information, right? It's also possible that he's innocent. Not much of a response... "There is nothing of worth on Facebook. Nothing." I could not disagree more. Facebook is rapidly replacing email, phone, and other channels as the method that many people use to keep up with friends and family. My parents and literally hundreds of their friends have started using it over the last six months and now use it aggressively. These people are definitely not early adopters or anything...most of them are conservative midwesterners in their 40s and 50s, and most of them are very active on a daily basis, using everything from status updates to photo uploads. Facebook hasn't figured out how to monetize their userbase yet, but the social utility value is enormous. I understand what you're saying, but anytime you have hundreds of millions of people using a service, there are lots of ways that you can add value without undermining the primary utility; in many cases you can actually enhance it. You'd be surprised how many people you know after 50 years of life...you'd also be surprised how many of them are on Facebook. Granted, a lot of those people aren't close friends or family members. Many of them are people that my parents knew decades ago and have lost touch with. I actually think that one of the most valuable things about Facebook (and twitter) is that it allows you to more effortlessly keep in touch with more people than 1-to-1 communication methods like email, phone, IM, etc. They make an exception for Ron Paul fanatics, oddly enough. Several things: 1. You can opt-out, unless I'm misreading this: http://books.google.com/googlebooks/publisher_library.html#o... 2. How is this any different than web search? Google indexes the contents of websites and displays a snippet of relevant content based on what you search. What makes book search different from a legal perspective? 3. I highly doubt that Google would have continued to pursue this course of action if it was as open-and-shut as the attorney you quoted seemed to think. I don't understand why this is any different than web search, which has repeatedly won in court. Can someone explain it to me? You don't need to worry too much...unless they manage to get it under 254 pounds and qualify it as an ultralight, the FAA will still be the last word on the requirements to fly it. This airplane looks like it will be awesome. However, as someone who has grown up around aviation and is always looking at what's available and the new companies that are launching, this seems like another vaporware project. A big warning sign to me is the amount of press and publicity they're going after, but almost all their promotional images are CG mockups. If they're planning on mass-producing this thing in 2010, they should have flying models right now. Not saying it'll never happen, but don't be surprised if the price point and delivery date both change. I hope I'm wrong. Not sure I'd agree. I would say that it's a huge benefit to have worked for a large company, but don't stay more than a year, two at the most. You don't really appreciate the hell of a corporate environment until you've worked in one for a bit. No offense, but I'm inclined to be skeptical about a comment on a social news site by some random person who is (ostensibly) reposting a comment from another social news site by another random person that purports to be explaining research of a complicated biological process, all without citing any references or linking to any sources. According to this, Weebly (YC startup) has over 1 million users and "well over 1%" of those are paying users. That might mean 1.1% or it might mean 5%...but apparently they've got at least 10k paying users. Not sure how much their paid plans are... http://venturebeat.com/2008/11/03/weebly-scores-1-million-us... "Believing is irrational. Given enough time, charisma and persuasion anyone can be made to believe anything." Because some beliefs are irrational and the result of charisma and persuasion, the act of believing itself is irrational? Really? I find it ironic that you immediately follow that statement with a persuasive argument that you seem to believe. The fact that it's obvious but not easy does not necessarily mean that it's not worth reiterating periodically. Quite the opposite. Another good example of something that's obvious and hard to do is "Make something people want" :-) Sport pilots and Light sport planes still fall under FAA rules and still require fairly extensive flight training and certification. I think we're just arguing semantics here. believe: to have confidence in the truth, the existence, or the reliability of something, although without absolute proof that one is right in doing so. Your "acceptance" of "the facts" is "believing" by the definition above, pure and simple. Two things: 1. As someone else already stated, it doesn't sound like you have any concrete plans or alternatives, so dropping out might not be the best option. When I was an undergrad, I was fascinated by the tales of so many extremely wealthy people who had dropped out of college and gotten rich through tech startups (Gates, Dell, Zuckerberg, etc, etc). I wondered if there was some link between dropping out of school and success in technology. However, I was confusing correlation with causation, as these people weren't rich because they dropped out...they dropped out because they had started something that was growing so fiercely that it took up all their time. If you don't have that something that pretty much forces you to drop out, don't do it. If you feel like you're torn and you're not sure what to do, don't quit school. 2. I mean no offense at all here, but it sounds like your communication skills in English could be improved. This may not seem like a huge deal, but learning to express yourself well through the written and spoken word will serve you well the rest of your life. Others might disagree with me on this, and perhaps there are better ways to improve that area, but college seems like it would be a good environment to do so, though I have no firsthand experience in the matter. Good luck no matter what you decide. Couldn't disagree more. Here's my .02: 1. I don't think the existence of reputation causes a great deal of anxiety in our society. In fact, until the advent of the Internet, this was largely how society functioned: you were known for what you had accomplished or failed to accomplish, for your associations, for your character or lack thereof. This is still largely the way things are, and I don't think most people think about it very much at all. 2. Drawing a corollary between anxiety over damage to your reputation due to poor performance at a previous job and anxiety because too many people down-voted you on Hacker News and now your karma score is distributed is...well...ridiculous. Hacker News isn't real life, and that little number by your username means pretty much nothing. 3. The proposed idea would not stop people from creating new accounts, fake accounts, etc. In no way would this inhibit anonymity, which seems to be what you're suggesting. 4. I doubt if most people would resist the idea that if they build a reputation in one community, it would be transferable to another community. People are lazy, and generally do not resist anything that makes life easier or more convenient for them. Incidentally, I strongly doubt that any of the top 10 reasons why OpenID hasn't taken off are what you stated; people will give up just about anything for convenience sake. OpenID hasn't taken off because most people just don't care enough to try and understand it. Again, just my .02 :-) Bad news for Spanning Sync. or that the 2000 correction and this one should be viewed as one correction? Whoosh! Title makes it sound like this is an official announcement from Apple, but this is just another copy-paste hack, albeit a clever one. Failing any of those, just relentlessly promote your product ;-) I kid, I kid... Who cares? People with enormous wealth who typically live frugally buy (or charter) private jets to preserve something far more valuable than money: their time. Buffett has a private jet as well, btw. No. There's nothing inherently special about programmers or the current crop of small software and web businesses that makes them any better at business than founders and startups in other industries except that they're still small. To scale a business still requires people with talents in marketing, sales, accounting, etc, etc. Small businesses in almost every industry are almost always started by people with technical expertise in that industry. Whether the small business succeeds may be due to technical prowess to a degree, but whether it scales is largely due to the business savvy of the leadership, not their technical prowess. In the same way, to the extent that small web businesses turn into large web businesses, it's due more to the leadership and business skills of the founders and management than how good they are at writing code. Two pieces of unsolicited advice: 1. You make your own choices, and there's always tradeoffs. It sounds like you've decided that a busy internship and a high load class schedule are more important to you than working on a startup. Own that decision...you'll own the consequences. If you don't feel it's the right path, change it. 2. Be careful about telling yourself someday...it can easily turn into never. Not saying there's not better times for some things than others, but lean towards taking messy plunges rather than waiting for the stars to align. $5m invested invested fairly conservatively can throw off 8%, or $400k / year. I'm sorry, but if you can't live on $33k / month, even in the Bay Area, you've got problems. A couple of those people in the article have homes worth over $1m that they own free and clear while they work 70 hours a week to make ends meet. Not smart. Mortgage the house to 70-80% (rates are dirt cheap right now) and invest the cash at the aforementioned 8%, which adds $100k / year to your bottom line, plus the tax benefits. We require more vespene gas! This is perhaps the most poorly-thought out post on economics I've read in a long time. Adams is essentially arguing for a completely unrealistic set of draconian regulations to manage every aspect of society, from capital investment to personal health. An example: "Stock bubbles could be avoided by restricting how much money can be invested in stocks, on an annual basis, to keep the price earnings ratios around 15." Err...what? Who decided 15 was the ideal? What about those companies that clearly don't deserve that multiple based on their growth prospects, or companies that clearly deserve more? Why bother with a market at all? He asserts that it's not socialism, but I'm having a hard time seeing how it wouldn't be worse. I completely understand what you're saying, and I hope to always pursue my passions and the things that I care about, but I agree with the sentiment of the person you're responding to. The people in the article do not sound like they're happy and building things because they love to or because they want to make a difference. They all sound stressed and miserable because they're continually comparing their standard of living to the next guy, who is a little bit higher. Perhaps it's just the tone of the article, but they all sounded out of touch and ungrateful. It seems that for many programmers, Python-only is just another limitation in that list. Sure you can learn Python, just like there are ways to work around a lot of the other issues, but I would think that all of these limitations add up to discourage programmers from building small apps as an experiment. Learning Python just to use GAE seems dumb when you can just use EC2. I fear this is a problem we have to either solve or live with. Aren't they all? :-) I would love it if someone qualified could explain this article a bit more; specifically, they're NOT talking about faster-than-light information transfer, correct? If you're not a hacker and you'd like to contribute your skills, you might want to checkout http://taprootfoundation.org/ Also, I found it a bit lame that feedaneed.org requires you to sign up for a reddit account. Just me, though. I generally recommend PHP newbies start with a framework and I generally recommend they start with CakePHP over CodeIgniter, because CI is much more flexible and therefore forgiving of bad practices which can turn into bad habits. CakePHP is more strict, which probably teaches better design patterns early on. In your case, though, you sound like an experienced programmer in other languages, so you should be fine starting with a simple CRUD app and then progressing to frameworks; any of the popular ones will do fine. Not everything can be effectively outsourced. Dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=338286 "No one will need more than one digit for a browser version number...ever." ~Many hapless web developers In fact, if you were to ask a handful of the most successful people in this world what their secret was they would unanimously say, in one form or another, that they learned to play the system (read: fake it). Unverified. Why should I believe that random-guy-from-Internet has any credibility or perspective on what the world's most successful people would reveal as their "secret to success"? A little surprised at the negativity in the comments. Most student films suck ass, too, but they're an important accomplishment nonetheless. Come to think of it, the majority of work that hackers churn out is shoddy and a reinvention of the wheel, but it's part of the process that sometimes produces something awesome. Even if this movie sucks, it's still an important accomplishment because they actually created something in a way that no one has before (to my knowledge). Congrats to everyone who worked on this. http://flixpulse.com/ Can you explain how you'd use Gnip in this instance? From reading the API docs, it doesn't sound like you can do anything with Gnip + Twitter other than get tweets from / to a particular Twitter user. So you can't get keyword-filtered results from the public timeline, I don't think. Am I missing it? This headline really threw me, as it sounds like some kind of sexual predator was using social media tools to research victims or something. Or am I the only one who read it like that? The reality is that a company called "College Prowler" was using Facebook for guerrilla marketing. Whew! SOX hasn't killed the IPO, it's just made the hurdle higher and that's ok. IPOs are about consistent revenue generation - most of the firms of Web 1.0 didn't have it and didn't deserve to IPO. Wrong, wrong, and wrong. 1. SOX has killed the IPO; IPOs have plummeted since SOX, due to the ridiculously draconian laws that make compliance expensive and time-consuming. Startups and small companies just can't afford the costs, closing one of the two viable exits for founders and investors. 2. "Raising the bar" for IPOs makes it sound like we're just going to get higher quality. The reality is that most companies can't afford to IPO, and even if they can, they're now hampered by greater costs and the distractions of compliance. If the bar needs to be raised, let the market raise it. 3. IPOs are not about consistent revenue generation: they're about raising capital. There's absolutely no reason why a growth business like Facebook that is not profitable shouldn't be able to IPO. If the market likes their odds of succeeding in the long run, their IPO will be a success. If not, it won't. In your model, someone apparently gets to decide who "deserves" to IPO. This kind of thing has never worked and almost always has the opposite effect of that desired. Also, how is this subterfuge? The argument is that Washington is killing Silicon Valley's innovation machine through higher taxes and regulation. What did you think the article was about from the title? Reminds me of Zeno's paradox about Achilles and the tortoise: Achilles is in a footrace with the tortoise. Achilles allows the tortoise a head start of 100 feet. If we suppose that each racer starts running at some constant speed (one very fast and one very slow), then after some finite time, Achilles will have run 100 feet, bringing him to the tortoise's starting point. During this time, the tortoise has run a much shorter distance, for example 10 feet. It will then take Achilles some further time to run that distance, in which time the tortoise will have advanced farther; and then more time still to reach this third point, while the tortoise moves ahead. Thus, whenever Achilles reaches somewhere the tortoise has been, he still has farther to go. Therefore, because there are an infinite number of points Achilles must reach where the tortoise has already been--he can never overtake the tortoise. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeno%27s_paradoxes source? 1. As mentioned, there's no way to tell what this is or what it does. Very confusing. 2. Why should I register? 3. The login link doesn't work from the register page. 4. It let me register without providing a valid email address or either of the passwords. I registered with email address 'asdfasdf' and left the password blank. Interestingly, I was able to login using this :-) 5. There's no error messages on the registration form when the validation does work. 6. On the profile form, if I leave a required field blank and then submit the form, it erases any of the values I did provide. Hard to provide more without knowing what you're going for... Someone asked a similar question awhile back: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375417 Some of the better comments: Some startups and annual revenue numbers (unsourced): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375896 Someone who modeled 37signals revenue: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375771 Nextproof and bigfolio.com http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375575 Hope that helps! No offense to the folks working on this, but this article makes it sound really dumb. Shine a 1.5 watt laser across the room at a receiver to charge your cell phone? Really? What's the advantage? Is the market for this thing solely folks who like to keep their cell phone sitting on the side of the room that doesn't have any outlets? ;-) The competitors like Powercast and Powermat sound a lot more interesting. Can someone please provide me with the imagination that I'm clearly missing? I'm not sure that you are... 240,000 members? Geez... Alternate title: Another article demonstrating that trolling works. There's always a cynic, huh? I think the point of this article is not that all bad ideas turn into good ideas or good companies, just that many good ideas and companies started out as bad ideas. So if you have an idea and you're not starting because you don't think it's good enough, that's a lousy excuse. What's your solution: continue with the Eeyore routine and never start anything because there are millions of failures out there? If you're an entrepreneur, why do you care who's hiring? ;-) A bunch of random thoughts: - good idea, seems like there would be a market for it - I think I get what you're trying to do with the login / obfuscation system, but it's non-standard and that makes it somewhat confusing for me at first glance. perhaps sell the benefits on the homepage? - sell me on why this beats email - I like how quickly you can jump in and check it out - why not auto-capitalize family name? - do you really need time zone? if so, perhaps you could default via geo ip? - the "keep my page" button is cut off in ffx 3 - the "sharethis" option doesn't really make sense if you're trying to obfuscate these URLs... - having the "post something" options as radio buttons seems kind of odd For free geo IP, this might work: http://geoip.dmwtechnologies.com/ I'm not a Ruby guy, so I may be completely off here, but it struck me as kind of inaccurate to describe Merb as "an alternative Rails stack"...I thought Merb was an alternative to the Rails stack? Off-topic, but your repeated use of the phrase "lottery winner" annoys me. Every self-made billionaire is a lottery winner in that none of them got where they are without luck. But none of them got there through luck alone. To characterize their success as pure luck indicates either ignorance or jealousy. Cute girl at party: "So what do you do?" Vlad: "I make stuff people might want to pay for that also helps me increase my technical aptitude, channel my creativity, practice self-control, develop a track record, learn by doing, and allow my users to be an important part of each iteration." long pause Cute girl: "Cool. Well, I'll see you around." I do the same thing, but one additional step that I like to do is have a few daily habits that I try and do every day (in my case Mon-Fri) that are "connected" to my longer-term goals and ambitions. For example, one of my long-term goals is to learn how to play piano, so I have a daily habit of practicing for 25 mins. Another of my daily habits is to review my goal plan, just to keep it fresh in my mind. Veterans of the Second World War and then the Korean War sought inexpensive homes of their own, far from the urban scrimmage that must have been, for some, a cramped extension of real combat. The author has clearly never seen real combat. "... told me to expect some alarms due to some software revisions they’re working on. This allowed me to see the warning icons, feel the mouthpiece vibration, and switch to open-circuit bailout. No issues here." No issues? Your life support system failed. You had to abort. Somehow this is a good thing with no issues? It sounded to me like the system didn't actually fail, just that the alarms were going off when they normally wouldn't have, due to issues with the software that are still being worked through. That being said, this did read somewhat like a press release for vaporware. The author wasn't even able to test the system at depth and in a dynamic environment, which is the main selling point. The reason that we're not isn't technical capability: it's a lack of demand. Why spend hundreds of billions or trillions of dollars to put 10,000 people in space? Because we can? Not good enough...space exploration and colonization will only really pick up when we must do it to survive and/or there's a serious financial incentive. Don't misunderstand me...I'm not saying that this is the way it should be, just that this is the way it is. There are two paths to space: governments and private sector. The government path doesn't seem to have made a huge dent in the colonization goal over the last fifty years. It's almost as if we've lost ground since the Apollo program ended. And the reality of the "golden age" of space exploration is that the funding of the program was driven more by the need to beat the USSR than it was by the vision of space exploration as a worthy goal for humanity. As for the private sector, the issue there is that huge profits could be made, but the risks are way too high and the timeline is way too long. The handful of companies that could afford it are already making huge profits here on earth in things they understand and their shareholders are apt to take a dim view of those companies risking billions of dollars with little hope of return within the next couple decades. Sadly, the best hope for space colonization is either a) breakthrough developments in a tangential technical field that enable cheap access to space (read: nanotech enables construction of space elevator) and/or b) we trash our planet to the point that our survival requires governments to commit everything they have to space colonization. But it's soulless business people with their eyes firmly on the bottom line rather than on trading off that heritage that have killed it off and condemned our city to what feels like a future of minimum wage jobs in nail distribution warehouses and mobile phone call centres. Oh boy, another rant about how "soulless" business people who worship the almighty dollar have killed off something beautiful and magical in the world because of their greed. Please. Most manufacturing in the western hemisphere has been offshored because they simply can't compete with overseas firms who have dramatically lower costs. It's for survival, not higher profits. I suspect that the demand for expensive and "uniquely British" pottery is no longer big enough to support those companies, forcing them to compete in a lower market. If the demand was there, someone would be starting a factory and hiring all those experts in your area to supply that demand. And if you think the demand is there, go raise some cash and do it yourself :-) With these sorts of stores you can easily bring your food expenses below $60 a month while maintaining a healthy diet. Is that a typo? $60/mo eating fruits and veggies? I live in SF and I have a hard time imagining doing that here, let along NYC... The main piece of advice of the article is finish it , it being whatever piece of software you're working on. I think "finishing" is generally bad advice, because the problem for many developers is that "finishing" implies perfection and makes completion seem insurmountable. The author discusses various possibilities for what "finishing" may mean to you, but I would simply tweak the wording a bit to be release it . Get it out to the people who you think will use it and see if (and how) they do. Then release again. Yeah, to be fair to the author, the explanation he gives is very close to "release it" but my point is more about which makes a better slogan. Slightly misleading...they're not going to be available to consumers until late 2010 at the earliest. The technology for monitoring homeworking will be a very big sector over the next five years, to root out the slackers. You may be right, but the mindset of needing monitoring technology to root out the slackers in your workforce seems symptomatic of a larger problem of lacking meaningful metrics for whether actual productivity has occurred. Can I take a minute to talk about this blog post? It ended abruptly and the last two paragraphs read like he had envisioned a longer post but ran out of steam and/or things to say. Good overall theme, though. John Soong, 18, says that after he had failed to get jobs at several chains that use the test, he began to poke around for an answer key, driven by "altruistic, and maybe vengeful," motives. Awesome. 2009 may bring some temporary respite, but the Internet startup culture is part of a larger pattern of technology startups in general, which for decades have tended to be started by young people, some of whom proceed to get far richer far faster than their age, experience, and attitude would indicate that they should. Yeah, none of the lazy people I know watch sports. I can't believe no one has referenced Skitch yet. If you haven't tried skitch out, you owe it to yourself to do so. Super easy to grab screenshots, resize / crop, add arrows and annotation, and post online. This is by the far the most awesome (and most bizarrely awesome) community I've been a part of on the web. Crazy how much more than hacking Hacker News is about. Damn, I love HN. What will your first thought be? This guy was a passenger on the ferry that was heading towards the plane to help, so what was he supposed to do, jump into the river and try to get there faster? Fashion a makeshift paddle and help propel the ferry? Seems like posting a picture of the plane to twitter is a reasonable response when you're standing around watching rescue crews do their job. Disagree. Are there instances in which journalists and tech are too intrusive into private matters? Absolutely. Is one of them taking a cell phone picture from the deck of a ferry while media helicopters swarm around the scene? No way. Please explain how this picture is insensitive to the family members. Are you seriously arguing that in the face of a tragedy, no information is preferable to those worried about their family members? The Mumbai attacks are an even better example: if I had a family member in Mumbai during the attacks, I'd want every single piece of info and data I could get my hands on, rather than having to wait forever for the "official" reports. Why don't we just outfit aircraft with a miniature Phalanx system that calculates the trajectory of an incoming bird and the probability of an engine strike and then fires up a Gatling gun to neutralize the threat :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phalanx_CIWS In all seriousness, I wonder if some kind of laser-based defense system could be used as a last resort. I wonder if anyone has looked at doing a cone-shaped grill that extends forward some distance beyond the front of the engine. It would look goofy as hell, but it would only have to be strong enough to survive a glancing impact, rather than a direct hit like a flat grill. Air resistance might be an issue though... You're killing us here :) unfortunately it wasn't a test, there was no if. I knew it would work. Ah, the classic claim that there was never any doubt of success. Always works best after the fact. A commodity can only compete on location and price, and location doesn't really get you much on the Internet. I used to think this until I started freelancing, but it's much easier to get quality jobs if you can meet with the client face-to-face at the start of the gig. If you program only in the most popular programming language, you have made yourself a commodity. The author seems to think that one PHP programmer is just as good as the next, but there's a whole litany of skills beyond just writing code in whatever language that make someone desirable to a client or employer, from communication to product design. Programmers are not cogs in a machine that you can replace easily as long as you find one that speaks the right language. This solution is interesting, but it fails on two counts: 1. You're making the process even more of a pain in the ass, not less, increasing the likelihood that real users will abandon the registration. 2. This doesn't protect at all from the human captcha-cracking farms. there is nothing interesting about PHP Obviously people in this community feel that there is something interesting there worth discussing. If you disagree, perhaps that implies that this community isn't a good fit for you. If my damn iPhone would just get flash already, I wouldn't have much need for something like this. Yeah, but I think many people's problem with 37signals is that their attitude is that one-size-fits-all and that because something worked for them, that's the only correct way of doing it. I agree that you guys say that a lot, but I was specifically talking about your attitude , which often strikes me as condescending towards those who do not share your views, regardless of your pronounced respect for differing approaches. In all fairness, some of this may be a by-product of the very close association between 37signals and Rails; for all its strengths, I feel the Rails community often exhibits some of the same characteristics. Interesting idea, but wouldn't the weight of that much wire be more than the weight of a transmitter? Also, resistance in something that long would probably be an issue There's a substantial difference between making an exception to your own self-imposed standard and violating the rule of law. Thanks for the feedback. We're definitely still working through our pricing model, so I appreciate the suggestion. As we state in our FAQ, there's a number of ways you can cobble together a free solution on your own that will accomplish some of the same things, but it'll take longer and will lack a lot of features. At $20 / month, our solution doesn't have to save much time to be worth it, or at least that's the thinking. Guess we'll see :) Your points are excellent ones, and we'll definitely consider adjusting our pricing model and perhaps adding a solo plan that allows a single user to track a single brand. Thanks again for your feedback. It's always nice to hear that someone "gets" what you're trying to do :) Thanks for the feedback...we're still working through design and layout issues, so all feedback and advice in this area is welcome. You can definitely put together a free service to monitor mentions of your brand, but there's a few things that you miss: 1. No analysis or deeper meta info about the conversations and the people who are talking 2. No dashboard to quickly see an overview of what topics and brands you're tracking have new mentions 3. Takes more time to put together the feeds and keep up on what new social channels are relevant and should be added. 4. No integrated ways to engage in the conversations you find, which just saves a bit of time. 5. No collaborative features, such as being able to see which items someone else on your team already responded to. Obviously, for some users, a free solution using RSS feeds or something similar is the way to go, but if your time is worth $50 / hour, our solution only needs to save 24 minutes per month to be cost effective. I understand what you're saying, but I think most people feel (correctly) like companies who ask for the credit card info up-front are banking on people just being too lazy or forgetful to cancel. While that might result in some decent short-term cashflow, we don't feel that it's a smart move long-term, as that's not really the kind of relationship we want to have with our customers. We'll definitely look into that error. Thanks for the feedback! (Note to self: check site in Google Chrome next time!) Yeah...we're not designers, and it shows :) Really appreciate you taking the time to put together so much feedback in that area. We've had some guidance from the designer who did our logo and helped us with the layout, but we're still working on cleaning things up. I'll add your items to the list :) We were just talking about cleaning up the add brand page and making it more intuitive, as you're not the first person to do this :-) Thanks for the feedback! Great to hear. A couple quick questions: 1. What's the price point that you'd be willing to pay for? What would expect for that price, in terms of number of brands tracked and number of users on your account? 2. Can you explain the tinyurls thing a bit more? What other social networks would you like to see added? (we're working on a long list right now, btw) Thanks! Really appreciate the feedback. Sounds like we need to step back and go through the copy and marketing approach with a critical eye after spending so much time mired in the code. Thanks again! Based on a lot of feedback about our pricing model, we're going to rethink a few things. Really appreciate your positive feedback! Geez...those are some sweet designs. We're sans designer at the moment, but we'll see if we can dredge some inspiration from stuff like this. Thanks! Yeah, we're hearing more and more that our pricing plan isn't ideal. We're considering adding a "solo" plan that allows one user to track one brand at a lower price point. Thanks for the feedback! New pricing model: we add a refresh button, connect it to TipJoy, and charge you 10 cents per click :-) Just kidding...all your feedback is helpful and I've added it to the list (which is growing at an alarming rate). In particular, we're going to completely overhaul the "add brand" page to make it more clear and give you sample results as you're filling out the form so you can see what to expect. you're dedicating scarce resources to pay this employee to work exclusively for you Bull-fucking-shit. I don't understand the mentality that because someone pays me for 40+ hours of work per week, they think they own me and can demand that I work exclusively for them, or that anything I do in my own time belongs to them. If my work suffers, or if I'm stealing IP or clients, that's another story. But if I'm working on something in my own time, fuck you if you think you own it. Wrong, you're paying employees for their output. If their output is suffering, for any reason, find someone else. If you lack the necessary metrics and management skills to measure their output, that's your problem, not theirs. I've been self-employed for the last 18 months and I regularly hire contract people to do work for me. Additionally, I own several real estate properties for which I employ a manager and regularly contract people to perform services for me. I pay them to get their jobs done, they do, and I could care less what they do with their own time. I have no problem hiring someone who is going to start something with their own time, as long as they do the job I hire them to do. Back when I was an employee, I was always pursuing ventures on the side, and without exception, my employers were supportive and sad to see me go when I left, for the simple reason that I did my job . You don't own your employees. Is there? What exactly is the difference? Does it work when one side has no leverage because they defunded their military into extinction? If an employee on your payroll starts a business, they're not doing so with your best interest in mind... Ah...I see. You're looking for employees whose primary interest is enriching your life, not what's in it for them. Good luck with that. I've yet to read a single real-world example of a person who has a full-time employee on staff working on their own business, or who is a full-time employee working on their own business while being paid a salary by another company. You're clearly not reading carefully, because I pointed out examples where I've done this, and I'm sure many others have as well. Most businesses are started on the side of something else, including most successful businesses. While it's likely true that you can't indefinitely work as an employee while building a business, you can certainly start a business that way, and it's been done many, many times before. I'm not arguing that you shouldn't have the right to fire someone if you don't like them working on something else on their own time, just that your mindset is indicative of a larger management problem of viewing your employees as assets that you own 24/7. Why would anyone of value want to work somewhere like that? There are plenty of people out there who value output over input and understand that an employee's personal life is none of their business. It's like the drunk looking for his keys under a streetlight, rather than down the block where he dropped them, because the light is better. Beautiful. Haha...I assume you're kidding, right? Are you coding in binary? Because if not, someone else has "done your work for you" :) Ummm...can you elaborate on why you'd be willing to visit violence upon someone for merely comparing you to Zuckerberg? Several questions: 1. Where are the snipers? 2. What's the point of having 5000 press photographers all taking the same photos? Wouldn't it make more sense to hire 5 and have them take photos for all the news organizations? They're not destroying jobs, as there's still a CEO position that someone has to fill. Did you read the post? I don't think that he was limiting his context to jobs within the VC companies...quite the opposite, in fact. Do you regularly read full-length novels on your laptop? Google's audience for reader and docs are in the millions and could hardly be described as "small", just like Gmail has a lot more than "thousands" of users :) While I agree with you about Reader, I doubt the security implications for Gmail are much more severe than for Docs, because so many businesses are using Docs through Google Apps, and you know they're storing sensitive info on there. One breach and it's over. I think anybody who is upset that this happened is a fucking idiot, and anybody who was surprised is probably too stupid to spell their own name You sound like a delightful person to be around. The gist of your entire tirade is that Michael Arrington doesn't deserve the influence he has because he often gets technical details wrong, ergo he deserves people spitting in his face. Are you kidding me? It's his blog, he can do whatever the fuck he wants with it. If he doesn't want to cover your company because he judges that you're an asshole, how does that give you the right to assault him? Here's an interesting and related article about how some species of turtles also don't exhibit signs of aging: http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/12/science/12turt.html Were? Even if they are part of a fad, it's pretty clear that the fad is still in full swing. These are mostly straw-man arguments or issues that are even worse in OS-land. Here's the most useful and relevant nugget from this article: I am not a lawyer so I can’t pretend to be giving any legal advice. Edit: I had missed the last paragraph until now...apparently this guy is pushing an alternative to incorporation and is advising against incorporation, but has no legal expertise to be doing so. He's going to wish he had incorporated when someone sues his ass :) Surprising and encouraging to see this kind of critical questioning coming from Harvard, even if it just a blog. Disagree? Aside from the primary message of this post, which is a good one, something else fascinates me: almost everyone I know hates Godaddy. But Bob Parsons seems to think that he's created a great company with strong values, full of brilliant engineers, known for having great customer service. None of those things are things that I've ever heard anyone say about Godaddy. So why the discrepancy? Here's a few possibilities: 1. My sample is not representative, and many people do feel great about Godaddy. 2. Bob Parsons knows that Godaddy sucks, but he's a salesman and he's selling the brand as he'd like it to be. 3. Bob Parsons actually thinks that Godaddy is an amazing company and a strong brand. Which is it? I'd like to see that data. Specifically, I'd like to see the data that starting the types of businesses he mentions are less likely to succeed than the majority of the types of businesses started by the people on this site. Almost all businesses fail. Agree on your overall message, but your last sentence seems like hyperbole...5% would hardly be a "drop in the ocean" :) Is this software that's designed to run on flatscreens in coffee shops and retail stores? Who is the audience for the site? This is such a joke...does anyone really think that Google's senior executives are going to face jail time due to some trial in Italy? Laughable. From what I understand, something like 1 in 4 homes in America are underwater right now :) While it would be great if the world revolved around what we should and shouldn't do, the reality is that it revolves more around what we can and can't do. By and large, economics are responsible for what people make, not what we feel they should get paid. Actually, I think the basic idea has a lot of potential and could be a fine business. There's several different revenue models and the costs could be pretty low relative to a lot of other types of startups. The bigger question is why they needed to raise $715k and still needed more. I wonder if you could develop behavioral tracking software that would flag accounts that exhibited symptoms of being used by multiple people, based on click patterns, reading habits, etc. Unless I'm way off, Google is already doing a redirection script on all outbound clicks. The endpoint url shows up in the footer of the browser on hover, but if you right-click and copy the link location, you get something like: http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&ct=res&... Pretty sure you failed. Off-topic, but seriously, what the fuck is digg doing with all their people and money? They've got a huge team and every time I venture over there, everything looks pretty much the same. Do they realize that digg is a sinking ship and they're all building lifeboats? The average WoW player spends a little more than 35 hours per week online playing the game. Do you have a source for that? According to this article, Nielson has it at less than 15 hours per week. Still a huge amount of time, mind you. http://www.tvturnoff.org/index.php?option=com_content&ta... If a person is married with two children, the weekly deductions on a $500,000 salary are: federal taxes, $2,645; Social Security, $596; Medicare, $139; state taxes, $682; and city, $372, bringing the weekly take-home to $5,180, or about $269,000 a year, said Martin Cohen, a Manhattan accountant. Martin needs to check his figures. Social security, for example, is 6.2% for the first 106k of income, which is a weekly deduction of about $127, not $596. This is a difference of almost $25k / year. It's also highly unlikely that a person in this scenario wouldn't have a range of tax mitigation strategies, from retirement investments to real estate. EDIT: Here's another one: The total costs here...are $790,750, which would require about a $1.6-million salary to compensate for taxes. By and large, people making millions of dollars per year in income do not end up paying effective tax rates of greater than 50%. The highest marginal tax rate is currently 35%, so even once you account for SS/Medicare, city, and state taxes, you're still not above 50%, especially once all deductions are taken into account. Additionally, many of these folks are probably subject to AMT, which is a flat rate of 26-28%. Agreed, though the article specifically said "salary", so I gave them the benefit of the doubt there ;) It's probably just the opposite. A lot of those people who got laid off are probably heading back to school, and while it might be hard to get a job now, the value of having HBS on your resume lasts a lot longer than this recession will. That's a lot of sentence fragments and I still have no idea what you're trying to say. That's some gentle comedy. Especially since they're flies, not bees ;) Noble sentiment, but if people knew this was going on at the time, it would have likely exacerbated the situation. Can someone explain this to a non-finance / non-macroeconomics type? Was it foreigners who were pulling money out? Was it people in the US? If they pull $5.5 trillion in cash out, where would it have gone? Just don't understand why everything would have collapsed. You may be referring to something different, but Facebook was exempted from the SEC rule that requires companies with more than 500 shareholders to report their financials publicly (so a public company, but not publicly traded). http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/11/21/sec-gives-facebook-the-... You only pay whatever you set your fixed monthly total Kachingle subscription to be (say $10). The number of visits just allocates what percentage of that fee goes where. The idea is that once you decide to support a site, you don't have to think about how to divvy up your support; it's based on your usage patterns. Very interesting idea, but I don't think it will work on a commercial scale. It's based on gratitude and goodwill from consumers who are used to getting things for free. Many will pay and a few sites will make decent money, but the majority of people won't see anything in it for them, as they can get the content for free. Just like TipJoy (which I love), this seems geared more towards hobbyists than serious businesses. Hope I'm wrong. Also, this is an especially hard sell with the economy the way it is. I use http://harvestapp.com and http://www.timepost2.com/ to post from my Macbook. I really love Harvest. Great design, email out invoices, right balance of simplicity and features. TimePost is overpriced, though...you could probably find a cheaper solution. I think Harvest has a dashboard widget. Marshall's description of the coming problem is an interesting read, though I think he's definitely painting the worst possible picture to support his thesis. What's more troubling to me than the problem he describes is his solution, which basically boils down to giving $25k / year to every citizen of the US from a "central fund" that we fund through: - advertising on everything from our money to our bridges - taxes, taxes, and more taxes. we tax everything from email to carpool lanes to "excess" salaries and profits My favorite had to be his diatribe about executive pay: When an executive makes $20 million per year, the money does not materialize out of thin air. It comes from consumers in the form of higher prices that they pay for everything that they purchase. For an executive to make $20 million per year, a company has to overcharge consumers for the products they purchase from the company. It is not as though the $20 million paid to the executive appears out of thin air -- it comes from consumers in the form of higher prices. An "extreme income" tax simply takes that excess compensation and returns it back to consumers, where the money originally came from. What an ignorant and simplistic view of our economic system. To me, this is clearly a case of the cure being much worse than the disease. This ignores basic supply and demand, though. If no one can buy them, why would they make them? And if Company A is pricing them way too high or unfairly, what's to stop Company B from offering the same thing at a lower price point? Haven't we just rediscovered that "money management" is basically pseudoscience? These are the kinds of people who promise to beat the market using their special models or skills. On average they fail. No. While they may fail on average, they certainly don't all fail. There are some money managers who are truly brilliant and have consistently had great returns. Granted, these people are few and far between, but that doesn't negate the value of the entire field. Using your logic, you could easily make the case that entrepreneurship is pseudoscience, since almost all entrepreneurs fail, therefore no one should invest with them or trust them. Companies have and are competing with both MS and Google. If MS/G aren't competing fairly, that's why we have antitrust laws. That's an entire discussion of its own. My point was that they're not all just lucky. Most people who drive cars don't do so because it's their hobby. Maybe they're targeting people who actually need to replace parts in their car. Isn't the argument the same for any field? Can't we argue that successful practitioners in every field may have just gotten lucky, from entrepreneurship to science to anything else? Not being able to prove something empirically doesn't mean that it's automatically invalid, or that we should dismiss it as being unworthy of . People don't start companies because they can prove that they'll be successful, and people don't invest in companies because they can prove that they're going to succeed. They invest because they believe the odds of success are sufficiently high to justify the risk. In the same way, I don't think we've rediscovered that money management is pseudoscience just because most money managers fail to beat the market. That market is itself made up of people who are trying to beat each other, and statistically, most will fail and disappear. That doesn't mean that the market is a failure or that it's "pseudoscience". Rolling a die is a truly random act, where the initiator has no control over the outcome. I don't think the same can be said for entrepreneurship, raising a family, or investing . I don't think they're apples and oranges at all. Just as many money managers (investors) may end up getting lucky through no merit of their own, many businesses succeed or fail due to random chance, and many kids turn out horribly even though they grew up in stable, loving homes. Does that mean that your success in entrepreneurship and raising a family are pure chance? I don't think that the YC approach to investment carries the same amount of risk as someone going to crunchbase and investing in random companies they find there. Surely there's some value to studying what has worked in the past and trying to apply it to future endeavors. That's a great idea, though I think "All they need..." trivializes the scope of the implementation a bit :) they completely gloss over the fact they've increased the carrying and towing capacity for the vehicle because they've got steps Sadly, this might just be because they know their market and they know that most people who buy the F-150 aren't using it to tow stuff, but are the type who are more likely to buy it because it has shiny steps. One of the better suggestions I have heard was an all electric car where you could use an external generator for long trips. 95+% of the time you don't need and save a lot of weight over a hybrid... Why is this better than a hybrid? Would the generator be powerful enough to provide enough electricity to operate the car? If so, I have a hard time seeing how you would save weight or how it would be more efficient, since you're going to have more steps in the process, each with more efficiency loss. I'm firmly in the camp of index fund investing over picking individual stocks or money managers. Statistics will tell you that you're far better off just picking an index fund. But that doesn't make money management an invalid field or a pseudoscience. It just means that it's hard to differentiate between those with true skill and those who just got lucky. It seems like the same can be said for venture investing. How do you know which entrepreneurs will be successful? You don't, so you go off of their past performance, the market environment, the strength of their idea and their team, etc, etc. But you also go one step further and try to spread the risk across a portfolio of investments. Perhaps you should do the same with money managers? Pick the 10-20 at the top of the field and let them all manage a piece of your portfolio? Obvious problems here as well. On a related note, does this mean that venture funding is fundamentally flawed? That venture funds would be better off just putting their money in index funds? I have a hard time seeing that. Things like this make me sad, because I fear that the optimism of my own generation regarding things like space exploration, genetic engineering, nanotechnology, and other potential technological leaps forward are just as futile and fanciful as the last generation's were. Someone cheer me up :) And also, how the hell did we put men on the moon in the 1960s? Forgive my ignorance, but what are some good sources to read about stuff like this? Hire a damn good attorney. Credibility. When I was doing freelance development, I had about one pitch per week for an opportunity like this. I never accepted, even though a lot of the ideas and even teams sounded solid. There were usually several reasons, but they boiled down them not offering enough equity. These "startups" were almost always pretty-non-technical founders offering 1-2% premoney for a "lead developer" position. In my view, the very fact that they felt that the technical development of a web startup was only worth a couple percent spoke volumes. My advice: if you're looking for a skilled lead developer for a software startup, consider them an equal founder and split the pie accordingly. We're looking for someone who's skilled, not necessarily experienced. Are you sure you have the ability to differentiate between the two? On the whole, I'm pretty skeptical of startups that have no revenue or funding and are looking for an equity-only lead developer. It sounds like a bunch of non-technical people trying to get a code monkey for a few percent. Hopefully I'm wrong. Ironic, because the very low bar for qualified applicants to be your "lead developer" screams that you're looking for a code monkey to take advantage of, which most people on here probably find insulting. A lot more women and minorities work on Wall Street today compared with forty years ago. Is this a coincidence? Perhaps not. Why is this drivel on HN? Not only is it off-topic, it's based on very tenuous logic. This sounds like an Onion headline. "Economy forces civility." Kind of sad, actually. The same thing could have been said about Linux, Apache, MySQL, Python, PHP, Rails, Firefox, etc, etc, etc. Open source runs the web. Don't make the mistake of thinking that open source == programmers writing hobby apps in their spare time. That might be true, but that's not what your comment communicated, to me anyway. To me, your comment communicated (rather snidely) that it's ridiculous to think that a bunch of programmers could create open source versions of the apps you listed in their spare time without financial compensation. All I was pointing out is that a lot of other software sectors have made the same mistake, and I don't see anything about content creation software that makes it immune to the same forces. Here's a thought: perhaps they're all rude because they're rich college students, which usually implies that they grew up in a wealthy family and certainly didn't become wealthy on their own. The researchers should have studied their parents. This article should be titled: "Want to come from a wealthy family? It's about being rude to people." Which obviously makes no sense, but then, neither does the article. right now is just about the worst time in the last 3 decades to invest in real estate Correction: right now is just about the worst time in the last 3 decades to already have invested in real estate. Most of the smaller investors I know who have cash to spend instead of struggling for survival are snapping up some incredible bargains. Even though values are way down, the rental market is relatively strong, at least in the areas I've looked at. I have friends buying large fully-occupied cash-flowing apartment complexes in metro areas for forty cents on the dollar. The difficulty is mainly in financing the deals, not finding them. Yeah, no one ever does that :) It's a nonsense argument posited by younger people who really haven't had much life experience, and have not met many people who aren't of their same race. Agree with everything you said except for this. Most of the most racist people I know are 40+. Sadly, I don't think life experience tempers prejudice...often it just reinforces it. Agreed, and I think we all know this, but none of the substitute questions he proposes approach anything resembling an objective measure. Forgive my ignorance, but was the output destroyed because he was ruining the purity of the wafers by removing them from the box? Learning. Damn. People are evil. Thanks for posting this...it's a good remember that even in the web community, which seems generally friendly and helpful, you have to watch your back. Don't suppose you want to post her name so the rest of us can avoid her? :) Entrepreneurs are supposed risk-takers and not signing a NDA is a risk they should take. This statement is too broad to be useful. While entrepreneurs should be comfortable assessing and managing risk, it's invalid to say that entrepreneur = risk-taker, therefore they should take risk X. There are situations in which NDAs are useful to entrepreneurs and the risk of ignoring them doesn't prove your entrepreneurship, just your ignorance. No, he's asking for clicks. in the long run, I think we'll see more and more of this consumer electronics cross-over. How much difference is there really between laptops, netbooks, and smartphones? Seems like things are converging and overlapping in new ways every day. Additionally, as computing gets woven more and more into the fabric of our lives, the discrete devices maybe won't matter as much, which probably isn't great for Nokia's brand. I'm just rambling, so maybe I'm way off. The whole mini-Laptop thing (which I'm guessing Nokia is looking at) is just another trend that will die off soon. It was a trend about a decade back with the Toshiba Libretto and will die out as another fad once people (again) realize how the mini-laptop is a failed compromise between a full laptop and desktop. Wrong. The Libretto was never a huge success, but netbooks are. What's happening now is not just another trend that will die off soon. "By the end of 2008, Asustek had sold 5 million netbooks, and other brands together had sold 10 million. (Europe in particular has gone mad for netbooks; sales there are eight times higher than in the US.) In a single year, netbooks had become 7 percent of the world's entire laptop market. Next year it will be 12 percent." From: http://www.wired.com/gadgets/wireless/magazine/17-03/mf_netb... That's billions of dollars and several years of millions of people buying these things, using them, and continuing to buy them. There's a lot of trends making this happen, including widespread wifi, cost, and so much of our computing living in the cloud now, all of which are forecast to accelerate. You may not like them personally, but these netbooks are here to stay. True, to the HN crowd, there's not much substance, as we want details. But for the average consumer of the types of services Box.net is offering, this seems like a great marketing move to me. Excellent point. I should start thinking through these comments... He's ignoring the fact that tax rates are marginal. 9.3% only kicks in for amounts earned about 40 or 50k...I haven't look up the exact numbers. He's also ignoring various deductions and credits you can take. Better yet, get a team going. Seems like that's more what they're looking for... This is really interesting...could you do the same thing using S3 instead of MogileFS? The advantage would be cost and simple scalability, especially if you're running on EC2 so you don't have to pay for all the back and forth transfer from EC2 to S3. Concerns might be latency issues and whether this would scale to billions of objects. Other than that, it would seem like you could run a pretty huge site off of just a couple beefy servers. You're focusing on the technology of twitter, which isn't exciting or innovative at all. What's interesting about twitter is that they've made it extremely simple and accessible for non-techies, who have no idea what IRC or NNTP are, and don't care. As a result, it's breaking into the mainstream and rapidly becoming the "live database of everything happening in the world". Could this have been done with IRC? Probably. But it wasn't. Build something and then go find some regular non-technical people and watch them try to use it. Go to starbucks and show it to people. Ask your family and friends to play with it. It'll be painful at first, but you'll learn a lot. Ultimately, I'm a big fan of finding a design / UI person who really knows their stuff. The difference is incredible. Sigh...another "kids these days" rant? Really? Every generation thinks that the generation after them is going down the tubes. It's bullshit, just like it was when the people from the generation before yours whined about people your age. Generations change and adapt to the social conditions of their era...kids these days have problems, sure, but so does every generation. Some of what you're talking about just comes with maturity. You were probably a lot more annoying and immature at 15 than you remember. You could have at least used a free template... http://www.oswd.org/ Even a simple sentence at the top explaining who the site is for and what it does would be a HUGE improvement. "Crosstips helps you finish that crossword you're stuck on." "Need help with your crossword?" "Can't solve a tough crossword? We're here to help..." These aren't very good, but at least I know what the site is for now...having a description will also help with SEO. Why would I use this? Isn't the fun of a crossword struggling through stuff like this without help? ...I don't understand the personality type... ...from what I see they're all broken... ...Has there ever been a more insecure generation?... ...Kids these days have virtually no focus... ...I want to smash her phone into the ground and strap her head to the back of chair... ...It's fucking scary... First, your statements are hyperbolic to the point of being pointless. You're extending your extremely narrow and biased experience to millions of people and writing off a generation wholesale. Nothing productive comes of this. Second, I clearly said that there are things about the newest generation that are negative, so it's not that I'm assuming we understand all the side effects. But you didn't present any of your arguments from that perspective, so much as "Kids today are fucked up. Why, back in my day..." This rewrites history to ignore all the negative things about your generation and all the positive things about the current generation. I don't really believe that one generation is overall better or worse than another. They're just different and they live in such different environments that comparison is somewhat pointless. Judging by the number of comments saying that it needs to be more explicit, it's quite obviously not obvious to everyone. I think you'd be far better off to swap the "About" page text for the statistics on the front page. I doubt the average visitor to your site cares how many searches have been run in the last 30 days (especially since they all seem to be zero), but judging by the comments on this page, the average new visitor probably would like to see something explaining what this is. I don't mean to sound like an asshole, but if you did it just as an exercise to see if you could, why are you soliciting feedback? 1. It's not inconceivable for him to simultaneously think that a) Sachs was a good investment, b) the bailout is the right thing overall, but c) it introduces some issues that cause suboptimal performance elsewhere in his portfolio. 2. I don't see this little snippet as him complaining so much as explaining the moral hazard that the bailout has introduced. 3. Buffet operates on a very long time scale, so I'm not sure it's useful to say that "lately" his behavior has been uncharacteristic. Let's review in a decade or two. 4. You sound like you're having a crisis of faith. It's going to be ok :) With all due respect, what did you really expect from him? He ran on a platform of supporting the bailout and expanding the role and scope of the federal government. I knew I'd seen something like this before... http://www.pluraprocessing.com Launched on HN (where else) a few months ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=347359 http://news.google.com/archivesearch?ned=us&hl=en&q=... It hasn't even been two months...it's been six weeks. I signed up for it but it doesn't do very much. I think that's what they're going for :) That's a serious accusation. Do you have any stats to back it up? Judging by the fact that he's hanging out on HN + a quick search for his name reveals that he's probably this guy: http://joshuastreet.com/ http://twitter.com/JoshuaStreet Doesn't look like there's any connection to LessAccounting... I guess the moral is: don't let your first post on HN be laudatory towards a startup. Damn vultures :) Strange as it may seem... 1. Not everyone uses a mac (and OSX is hardly free). 2. Not everyone uses Textmate (and very cheap is relative). 3. What the hell is Omnigraffle? Point being, not everyone uses the same set of software as you...or maybe it's just late and I'm grumpy :) No, it's not. I want to believe you, but the fact that you signed up just to leave this comment anonymously doesn't do much to alleviate my skepticism. I really hate to be an asshole about this, but I took a look at your pricing model: - $0.30 / GB of bandwidth - $0.30 / GB / month of storage From what I see, you could host this on AWS and be "profitable" with just one customer, right? I mean, if your definition of profitability includes only your variable non-staff costs, which seems to be how you're defining it... I'm assuming you're using S3 for storage, right? And the pricing for S3 is less than your pricing, so where's your additional marginal cost? Is it just an EC2 instance to handle the requests? Still seems like a really low threshold... MBA is a degree, not a job title. There are tons of MBA product managers and tons of MBAs who can code. Writely became Google Docs and JotSpot became Google Sites. Dodgeball and Jaiku are good examples of what you're talking about, though... We are...it's called the lottery. Wouldn't it be more accurate to just say you're an investor? Silicon Valley Though I understand the motivation, it's sad to see another angel closing up shop, especially now. We need all of them we can get. I guess it depends on your objective. If you want to create a lean, well-engineered architecture where things are always done the correct way, you take your approach. If you want to build a multi-national company worth $170 billion, you go their route. Yes, that's a fallacy, because it's not an either/or decision, but my point is that engineering supports the business objectives, not the other way around (assuming we're talking about a business). This isn't rocket science, and programmers aren't special. Programming is a deep technical skill, just like many others, and the way you hire for those types of positions if you don't understand them is to rely on the judgment of others who do. These people helping you evaluate technical candidates don't have to be employees, by the way. They could be, but they could also be your friends, family members, advisors, colleagues from a former job, etc., etc. Just calling a programmers past employers and managers is a good start. You can also intuit something about someone's technical skills by looking at the types of places they've worked for. Some guy who has hacked together fifty is likely not as technically skilled as someone who worked at Google and Facebook. That's not a full-proof test, obviously, but there isn't a full-proof test here, even if you are a programmer. I love HN and the crowd here. It's by far the absolute best online community I've ever been a part of. That being said, the arrogance displayed in many of the comments on this thread and others like it is one of the things I dislike most here. There's this pervasive attitude that hackers > businesspeople, and while it's ridiculous for a business guy to think he can hire a programmer (or be of much value to one), you never see articles about how hackers are helpless without business people or how a hacker would have no idea how to hire a marketing or sales guy (and shouldn't even try). Maybe I'm overreacting because I'm one of those who straddle the line, but this kind of arrogance serves no one. Agreed, and my comment wasn't aimed at the article so much as the comments here about the article. We already have this: Twitter DM Amazing story. Read the story carefully. Note the incredible details of what that aircraft could do. Now read this line again: By far, the most memorable flight occurred on Jan. 25, 1966. This was more than four decades ago. Can you imagine what they're doing today? In some ways, it makes me angry, because I suspect that the military solved some engineering challenges decades ago that scientists are still wrestling with today. Google does something similar to this: http://www.google.com/accounts/tos/highlights/utos-us-en-h.h... A better question might be: why would anyone think this would work? I guess it depends on how you define "success", but I think the chances of the YC startups getting more out of it than they put in is higher than 1-2%. Even if they end up folding the startup, just having been accepted into YC and having the network probably changes your career path significantly. Thank you for proving my point. 99.9 people out of 100 would look at what you just wrote with a blank stare. This didn't work because there's no way to sell it to 99.9% of people. It might be more elegant and simpler mathematically, but you're fighting against centuries of inertia for little to no gain to the very people that would need to adopt this to make it work. I can't believe we're even talking about this :) "Now as I said before, 3.0 brings a lot of new features for devs, but for customers as well... starting... with cut, copy, and paste." Freaking finally! They've added both copy/paste and search. Happy? Great...I can get a 10-15% increase in speed in exchange for results that look like shit. I'm no expert, so take this with a grain of salt: 1. Find a niche. "Start an online business" is not a niche. 2. Try affiliate programs and SEM to drive targeted traffic. These work best in a smaller niche (see #1) 3. You've got a lot of links on your page that take people away from the page, which drives down conversion, which drives up your cost per conversion, which hurts your ability to do #2 4. You're selling the steak, not the sizzle. Why do I want to start an online business? What's my core goal? What problem does your book solve? 5. A "huge list of resources" sounds like a lot of work. Google provides me with millions of links on this subject for free. What's valuable to me is that someone has culled those millions of links down to just what I really need to know, not 11,000 links that I then have to pick through. There are other issues, but fixing those would be a big step in the right direction. the average computer lifespan will be close to 10 years Is anyone here using a computer they purchased in 1999? Come on. No. Netbook sales have been growing for a couple years and they're like 10% of all portable computer sales. Sigh...here we go again with the "flying cars" I don't understand what the market for this thing would be. Do they really think the only thing holding most people back from flying more is that they can't drive their airplane home after flying? Aside from all the complexities and engineering challenges that trying to do something like this requires, do you really want your $200k aircraft driving around on the street and sitting in your garage? On top of all that, it's incredibly ugly. Their entire selling point seems to be that now you don't have to worry about ground transportation on either end of your flight, but $200k buys you a lot of cessna + cab fare :) Also, the estimated delivery date and price are 2011 and $194k, so it'll probably be more like 2013-2014 and $250k - 300k. It's a failure both of programming and of design. But is it a failure as a business? According to Wikipedia: As of February 2009 the site consists of over 10 million members, over 75 million submissions, and receives around 100,000 submissions per day. The domain deviantart.com attracted at least 36 million visitors annually by 2008 according to a Compete.com study. all businesses are the same once you remove what they actually do no offense, but this makes almost no sense. I mean, I guess when you remove what reader's digest, ycombinator, and my local model train shop all actually do, they're "the same" in that they have customers and exist to make a profit, but that's hardly a practical or helpful piece of information. Do you have any more concrete info on flat growth? From what I saw on compete and google trends, there's been quite a bit of growth. I wouldn't think so...pretty much everyone on FB is using the FB ui, either web or mobile. If Twitter is "monetizable" through twitpay, then Facebook is much more monetizable through something similar. comparing apples and oranges. google has way more expenses than the coffee shop next door, but that doesn't mean it's harder for google to earn a profit. my personal opinion is that facebook users on the whole are a lot more engaged than twitter users. i know an awful lot of folks on twitter who use it as a broadcast medium rather than a place for conversation and connection. facebook seems to be a place where people actually connect with each other more. granted, this is all anecdotal. Those are not ads. Those are just little promos for twitter features. By this logic, every link in the topnav and footer of twitter is an "ad". http://www.itworld.com/business/64445/twitter-house-ads-appe... I was just responding to your comment, which sounded like you were making the point that, like twitter, half of facebook users don't use the FB ui. The "Web 2.0" mindset, at least the mindset I've seen most often on HN, is build it fast and get it out there to see if it has value. Sadly, this is not the Web 2.0 mindset. If it was things like Twitter and Facebook would have been "monetized" a few months after their launch, when it was abundantly clear that they offered value to people. The fact that we have invented the term "monetization" to delineate the point at which fun web projects try and become true businesses only underscores the fact that much of Web 2.0 is about getting rich (relatively) quickly, rather than building sustainable businesses. I don't doubt that they are, but these are not ads. HN has a lot of prime homepage real estate to the right, but if they put a link there to the submission form, it's hardly an ad :) Is there some kind of opportunity here for solar power? Cross-posted comment on FMF: This is really short-sighted advice...Ramit has only explained the first fraction of the story. This is great advice, but only for the first few months of freelance work, when you're trying to get to the point where you're paying your bills. Beyond that, things like business cards, blogging, and networking events absolutely do matter. Back when I was freelancing, most of my clients said they hired me over some other guy because they read my blog and felt like they knew me. I met many clients and fellow entrepreneurs at those "worthless" networking events that are still bringing me clients, investors, and other valuable contacts today. And I still remember feeling embarrassed when people would ask me for a card and I would explain that I didn't have any on me. Get out there and start working to make money, but if you actually want to build a business , you're going to have to spend some time doing stuff like this. I don't really see the logic in this. It seems like the typical workflow they're imagining goes something like: 1. Compose email to A-list investor 2. Hit send 3. Realize that you forgot to attach the deck 4. Kill self So now they're trying to make this the workflow: 1. Compose email to A-list investor 2. Hit send 3. Realize that you forgot to attach the deck 4. Hit undo and fix problem All well and good, but step #3 requires you to look over your email and realize you made a mistake. Why not just do that before you hit send? Ok, so this guy posts a list of VCs, some of which are very prominent and credible, and says they may or may not have done one or more of the following things, one of which includes "not investing enough". No proof, no evidence, not even the criteria for inclusion in the list. Seems like a cowardly way to try and stir up the blogosphere and get traffic and mindshare. Strikes me as a visual way of saying "we've carved out these spots for YC startups in the future." Clever. it could be, though it seems like they'd want to make the startup names explicit. You laugh, but I've done this when I stayed up way too late and really wanted to be up early the next morning. When I started my first company, I spent many nights sleeping on the floor with just a small blanket that was too small for me. Miserable, but pretty easy to get up when my alarm went off. Getting up in the morning used to be one of the central struggles of my life (seriously), but I rarely think about it now and I'm almost always up by 430am, which is something I never thought would happen. Here's my story, if anyone is interested. I've struggled with getting up my entire life, and so has my entire family, immediate and extended. My 18-year-old brother regularly sleeps until 1pm, as do many of my cousins and their parents. I was homeschooled growing up and the day didn't typically start until 11am. In high school, I got suspended numerous times for missing my first few classes. I joined the Navy out of HS and I pretty rarely had issues with being late because I overslept, because the military is very effective at putting the fear of God in you regarding the consequences. I still always slept until the last possible minute before getting up. After the Navy, I went back to finish college and ended up taking about 30 hours worth of classes every semester, which helped some, but I still overslept and was always jumping out of bed and rushing to class at the last second. I very often would sit down in class about 5-10 mins after having been sound asleep before. My wife was very frustrated, and I was frustrated with myself. I was sure that I had some kind of sleep disorder, especially since my whole family is like this. So what changed? Mostly what changed is that I realized what you've realized: life is too short to sleep it away. My central problem has always been the actual act of getting up; once I'm up and awake, I'm fine. So I started looking around and I found this article by Steve Pavlina: http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2005/05/how-to-become-an-ea... Basically, his method is to practice getting up, in the middle of the day. Bizarre (and embarrassing), but it works. I did this every day for a few weeks, and I immediately noticed a difference. The other big thing I did was go to bed early. Not earlier, as I typically went to bed at 1am or 2am, but early . Like 8pm. I'd go to bed at 8pm for a week and get up at 5am. That was more sleep than I usually got, and since I was doing it consistently, it got easier over time. Then I started going to bed a little later and now I usually get to bed between 9pm and 10pm. Because I'm consistent, I get better quality sleep and I can get by on 7 hours consistently. I know it's frustrating to have someone tell you to just go to bed early, but I found that it's a lot harder than it looks, especially because you've almost always got way more to do than you have time for and it feels like you should work on some of it rather than go to bed. The key for me was realizing (after some "split-testing") that I get probably 2-3x more accomplished in the four hours from 5am - 9am that I do from 10pm - 2am. A few other things that I found vital: - no caffeine after noon - no computer or tv within an hour of bed - keep room as dark and quiet as possible while sleeping - try to keep the same schedule on weekends - alarm clock in different room - once you're up, immediately splash water in your face - exercise several times per week - track your progress! Try this for a month. Most people I know who have become early risers would never go back. There's something incredibly rewarding about hitting 8am having already had breakfast, worked out, showered, knocked out a bunch of emails, read all your blogs, and built two new features. In San Francisco, that means you're about two hours from when most folks even start working :) Good luck! I guess it depends on if you trust the majority making the right decision. When you're running a business and the decision is whether or not to convert, trusting the majority is the only decision. If others see it as mediocrity, so be it. My favorite description of entrepreneurship is jumping out of a plane and trying to build a parachute before you hit the ground. Note: I know it's not a perfect analogy. I'm comfortable with that. It's the natural byproduct of the growth of a blog. I don't get why they don't just delete stuff like that. With TC's reputation, it should be no problem for them to hire a couple of interns to just patrol their comments and delete stuff like that plus the tons of spam that I've seen there lately. I found this part at the end of the post amusing: They need to be disciplined and retrained, and their senior managers need to be named and shamed, as they are an unacceptable risk to innocent members of the public, and the real criminals must be running rings around them. There's absolutely no incentive for the police to understand these things (or let on that they do) and avoid freaking out "innocent" members of the public. Look at this example: this guy won't be running a Tor exit node again, so in a way, they got what they wanted. Check out these: http://www.faxitnice.com http://www.faxzero.com Really interesting article, well written, and all on one page. Reminds me of this Philip Greenspun piece on early retirement: http://philip.greenspun.com/materialism/early-retirement/ One of my favorite pieces of advice on not getting swindled I think comes from Oprah: always be the only person who can sign your checks. You'd be surprised how many people who come into sudden wealth give someone else they barely know the keys to the vault without a second thought. 1. Like almost anyone who remembers the cold fusion craze and fallout (hehe) of the late 80s and early 90s, I'm extremely skeptical. 2. The fact that this comes from researchers from the US Navy does lend it some credence, but I'm still very skeptical. 3. The reporting in this article is a good example of how the whole "fair and balanced" approach to reporting sometimes backfires when it comes to science reporting. Paul Padley, a physicist at Rice University who reviewed Mosier-Boss's published work, said the study did not provide a plausible explanation of how cold fusion could take place in the conditions described. ... But Steven Krivit, editor of the New Energy Times, said the study was "big" and could open a new scientific field. The neutrons produced in the experiments "may not be caused by fusion but perhaps some new, unknown nuclear process," added Krivit, who has monitored cold fusion studies for the past 20 years. So in most people's mind, there's this struggle and controversy within the scientific community about this topic, but one of these sources is quite a bit more credible than the other, at least to me. This has been a primary tactic of the "Intelligent Design" and the anti-climate-change groups for quite some time. Why are people upmodding this? The intent of the OP was clear to me: schools are supposed to be a meritocracy, and if his friend was much more qualified and got rejected, why is this guy there? This is dreadfully trite. According to this article, here are the four ways to spot the "uncoachables": 1. She doesn't think she has a problem. 2. He is pursuing the wrong strategy for the organization. 3. They're in the wrong job. 4. They think everyone else is the problem. Between the four of these things, you remove 99% of the people who really need "coaching" in the first place. people who are not trained in Science (Climate Modeling in particular, Physics in general) are not qualified to speak on the topic. Their opinions count for nothing because those are based on emotion, misinformation, ideology, or plain dogma. How do we define "trained"? Since the subject in question is the consequences of global warming (not whether warming is occurring), why does training in Physics qualify one to pontificate on what is largely a biology question? Also, you seem to define scientists in a way that suggests that they're not subject to emotion, misinformation, ideology, or plain dogma. Sadly, this is not the case. The author makes the classic mistake of confusing correlation with causation: "Hmmm...banks hire lots of people with MBA degrees, and this crisis started in the banking sector. The MBA degree must be the root cause of financial crisis!" Actually, now that I read through it again, I'm not sure it's even worth dissecting. It strikes me less as a merely illogical diatribe against business education as much as an intentionally misleading hit piece against something the author neither understands nor respects. "Time management systems don't work...for me...well, except for this one." I've highlighted the really important content that required this to be a blog post: http://img.skitch.com/20090326-kmtrsapyef3p4r679r9wmi93sq.jp... You can't have an attorney represent you in small claims court, but can someone else file and appear on your behalf? If so, perhaps someone in the Bay Area should setup a company that helps people sue Google in small claims court. Charge a couple hundred bucks or something. Did you sing the appropriate praises of Chrome with regard to JS performance? Not disagreeing, but do you have a source? Also, what if one of the parties is bedridden or something? You're usually required to file in the defendant's court, and with good reason. The judge will likely toss the case out unless you have a really good reason for not filing here. Added to my list :) This is probably simultaneously one of the funniest and most offensive startup review requests I've seen on HN. The best part is that the site is really well done from what I gathered with a cursory glance. The main issue I see is that it's basically built to attract gold-digging whores, which is fine, but why would any "established men" pay for this? I would imagine they have no trouble finding these kinds of women in real life. So basically the exact opposite of the picture of the couple on the site. I know a lot of people will think this is ridiculous, but I would pay for something like this. I hate shopping and I seem to perpetually be short on socks and underwear. Unfortunately, I never remember when I'm actually somewhere that sells them. Actually, I take it back. Socks are consumables, but they're not perishable, so it would seem to make more sense to just buy 100 pairs every five years or something. See where I said "usually"? http://www.scselfservice.org/small/plaint/smallplantfiling.h... No, unless the attorney is defending himself/herself or is a general partner in a law firm being sued: 116.530. (a) Except as permitted by this section, no attorney may take part in the conduct or defense of a small claims action. (b) Subdivision (a) does not apply if the attorney is appearing to maintain or defend an action in any of the following capacities: (1) By or against himself or herself. (2) By or against a partnership in which he or she is a general partner and in which all the partners are attorneys. (3) By or against a professional corporation of which he or she is an officer or director and of which all other officers and directors are attorneys. But why would anyone invest in stocks under the scenario he describes? The idea that if I invest $1 in the wrong company may mean that I lose my home and everything else I own simply means that I won't be investing in the market. Period. Every investor would immediately pull out all of their money if this was implemented. No one would associate with an investment, that, if gone awry, would ruin them financially. One thing we've learned in this crisis is that leverage causes companies that appear healthy to go under very very quickly. So you're saying that people would steer clear of investments that might ruin them financially? Fine. You've just killed off our entire financial industry, our real estate industry, and a good portion of other industries that rely on leverage to do business. This makes absolutely no sense. Have any of these companies racked up losses beyond $1 trillion? And even if they have, who is going to pay for the other 99.9% of their losses? This makes no difference to anything, except that you're now making some investments too risky for anyone to touch. The key, however, is not that the super-risky investments are the ones where companies look risky. They're just ANY company in certain industries. That's what leverage does: it magnifies. That doesn't mean that these industries are inherently bad. We need a strong banking system and a strong real estate industry. And what do you mean about no legal basis for LLCs? I'm pretty sure every state has a legal basis for LLCs. I'm confused...aren't there quite a few counter examples to your claims? Things like Linux, Apache, MySQL, PostgreSQL, PHP, Python, Perl, Ruby, Firefox, etc, etc? I'd feel better about your rant if you weren't a) biased against the idea and ethos of FOSS, and b) selling something. You sound pissed that these FOSS projects are kicking the ass of products that you consider to be superior. The fact that many of these projects were started by college students, grew out of commercial enterprises, or have a business model that allows people to get paid for working on them doesn't validate your claim that open source devalues your work. If anything, the opposite is true. Here's a challenge to you: install any of your closed-source proprietary products that you're in love with and see how long it takes you to fix an open bug in one of them. You're not making any sense. Here are a couple of the logical holes in your argument: 1. Demand for programming is variable, not fixed. Our demand for great programmers is arguably much higher today than it would have been without OS, because so many companies only exist today because they could afford to launch using OS, not to mention all the hybrid business models that make money off of OS (Sun, MySQL, Mozilla, etc). 2. Technology makes some people redundant. That's the nature of progress, and every major technological shift is accompanied by hand-wringing over all the jobs that will be lost. But in the end, technological progress almost always results in net job gains, net productivity gains, net wage gains. Adapt. I think your main problem is with free market economics, not open source software. You can use the * character for italics. The /thing/ is annoying. Actually, you did sound like you were complaining about the diversity of platforms and environments that open source projects exhibit. And I didn't see him ridiculing you, just asking a question. I read the question as being this: If you're running Windows on a 40GB partition, that implies that you are running something else as your main OS (or you need a new HD). That leaves OS X and Linux, and both are probably more widely used by and closely identified with the open source community, so why are you doing your open source work on Windows? That's how I read it, anyway. What you're suggesting sounds suspiciously like AIG and the whole "credit default swaps" mess. What about when the insurance company goes under and needs a bailout? This is a really interesting idea, but I'd like to see more examples with some actual data. For example, how many people check the box? Of those, how many actually sign up when the service is available? Agreed...the about page isn't much better. One thing that's interesting to me is that they clearly view each of their changes as being an improvement, but do they have empirical data to back that up? According to this copyblogger article, it doesn't sound like they had any metrics for the first few iterations at least...perhaps things have changed. http://www.copyblogger.com/the-37-signals-approach-to-copywr... If you want to use metrics, that's fine. If not: well, whatever works for you, works for you. Obviously 37signals is a success, and they design on impulse. Is 37signals a success because they design on impulse, or in spite of it? I'm sorry, but I have yet to hear a solid argument that ignoring easy-to-capture metrics is better business. I'm not talking about anything esoteric, I'm talking about core business metrics, like the number of people who sign up for your service. If you implement a new design "on impulse" and your signups drop by 90%, your impulse was wrong, no matter how much you like the design or how good it feels to you. Even if you're still profitable after the drop (and thus "a success"), that doesn't mean that you made the right decision. Of course it's their choice. That doesn't mean it's the optimal choice or one to be admired. I think designers should use their gut and artistic skills to design. But I think the effectiveness of that design should be judged on some quantifiable set of metrics, to the extent possible. Business isn't an art contest. As many have commented around the web, Microsoft should contribute all the content and data to Wikipedia. It would be a smart move on their part in terms of garnering goodwill. Comparing company A to company B is not entirely useful here, because so many other things are going on. However, there are loads of examples where a company used metrics to drive design for higher profits. Best example is probably Google. 37signals uses testing for copywriting (headlines, specifically), a creative process. Do you think that's a mistake? http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1525-writing-decisions-he... Do we have any proof of that? I have to believe that if Apple released a new version of Apple.com that caused a huge overnight drop in their online sales, they'd change it back. If they released a new iTunes Store design that caused sales to dry up, they'd fix it immediately. I'm not saying that every tiny little detail should be driven by the data, just that the goal of a business (even Apple) is profit. To the extent that your design doesn't support that, it's wrong. Is it just me, or does this seem like a bad idea for entrepreneurs? I mean, if Google backed you, wouldn't that make you less desirable to many acquirers who compete with Google? Yeah, Google hasn't stolen your idea yet because they hadn't launched a venture arm to serve as a honeypot for hackers and their brilliant ideas. For what it's worth, Thor Muller (Cofounder of Get Satisfaction) responded in the comments and said the wording was a mistake and would be changed immediately: "Gosh, we messed up on the wording of that badge and are changing it pronto. The wording on that badge was actually intended to explicitly state that the space was NOT OFFICIALLY SANCTIONED by the company, but that doesn’t come off at all. The idea is to encourage openness, and provide a badge for companies that want to be associated with it. This was just unfortunate phrasing (one small part of an ongoing redesign effort), and doesn’t reflect our values, as I think many, many people and companies who’ve used our service can attest." It's not like it's an either/or decision to send a private email or post an accusatory blog post. They could have simply tried the mature way first and then posted publicly if that didn't work. In fact, the public post would probably have had even more impact if they had been able to say "We contacted GetSatisfaction to work with them but they wouldn't cooperate." As it is, it just reads like another one of 37signal's invented controversies designed to garner page views. Totally OT, but aren't posts like this and other similar "I agree" posts redundant? I thought that's what the little up-mod button was for? This feels like clutter to me. I did down-mod it, but I see it often enough that I wanted to bring it up and see if I was misunderstanding something. This could be a significant boost to backup companies that use S3, as they probably have way more transfer in than out. Good thing this is for OS X, then, and not Windows. jyothi: are you fucking kidding me? This was probably the most humble, most gracious, most introspective blog post I can imagine them writing under the circumstances. There was absolutely nothing there that could be considered a "rant", nor was it in any way a poor response, other than the fact that it sounds like they have their heads so far up 37signals ass that they're making the whole Republican leaders / Rush Limbaugh situation look tame by comparison. Flagged. I'm one of those people who has a really hard time with the idea of having left money on the table. When I'm in foreign countries, I love to haggle in the markets, but no matter how big a reduction in price I get, I always walk away wondering if they're laughing at me behind my back because I still paid 10x the going rate. Anyway, working for a large corporation with an opaque salary system was an exercise in frustration. I moved to SF and took a job at a midsize company making what I thought was a very decent salary. I was just out of college and making more than my parents, so I thought I was doing really well. However, after a bit of digging and research, I discovered that the "going rate" for my position was actually 20 - 30% higher. Ugh. I can totally see the appeal of a transparent salary system, especially when you throw profit-sharing into the mix. You're really missing the point here. Very simple: I'm a greedy bastard. Branson is definitely one of my favorite entrepreneurs of all time. That said, Virgin Galactic is a long way from being a $1Bn company :) Hmmm...so traders had a 1 in 4 shot of picking the correct company and they happened to do so? I remain unconvinced. I also remain unconvinced that this data is useful. It's not like we should let trader behavior influence safety investigations, right? I don't see where he says anything about straightening. The space elevator is one of my favorite topics. To date, no other technology to provide cheap access to space seems as viable. For more info, here are a few links: http://www.spaceward.org http://www.spaceelevatorblog.com/ Also, this video isn't really technical, but I found it motivational: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfKKy33rb0U Here's some info on the trajectory of developments over the last ten years: http://www.spaceward.org/elevator-when A carrier that has to stay 2000 km away from the action is completely useless. Carriers are designed for one thing: tactical air support. Can't do that from 2000km. Ummm...actually, TechCrunch may have started as Mike posting stories in his underwear years ago, but it's a thriving startup in its own right today, between TC, Crunchbase, TC50, Crunchgear, etc, etc. I bet the whole mess is worth $50 - 100m. One thing he doesn't talk about that fits really well is Steven Blank's Customer Development model, which essentially is: don't wait until you've built your product to solicit feedback. Get out there and start talking to your (hypothetical) customers NOW. Show them your internal version, show them mockups, sketch it on the back of a napkin, do whatever you have to do. Don't keep waiting until you have "something to show" before you start getting feedback. Andreessen is known for making technically incredible projects that burn out and don't go anywhere. We must be thinking of different Andreessens. The one I'm thinking of founded Netscape (sold for $4.2 billion in 1999), Opsware (sold for $1.6 billion in 2007), and Ning (raised over $100m on $500m+ valuation, and traffic up like 400% YoY). Now, who knows what will happen with Ning. The fact that investors pumped in $100m certainly doesn't mean that it's a success. But it seems a bit unfair to say that his projects don't go anywhere. Ah yes...there's something magical about hackers that means they can learn business, but "businessmen" can never learn the mystical arts of hacking. Give me a break. Actually, rather than repeat myself, here's my comment from a couple weeks ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=515978 Damn you and your awesome metaphors, PG :) Haha...this really made me laugh. Honestly, if there were no web access, how many people in the US could build their own radio? Interesting. This is OT, but before your comment, my little joke was at like +5 or +6 within an hour or so. After your comment was posted, people immediately began downvoting me. I've seen this quite a bit...people seem to agree with a comment until someone else disagrees, then the community sentiment shifts the other way. What would be interesting is looking at the performance of specific students who transitioned from public school to private schools or charter schools. That might be true, but that doesn't make them a bad idea. From a fiscal perspective, why spend 4x if the kid is going to get the same performance via voucher? Redmine, Google Apps, Skype This brings up an interesting point: why are the vote counts even shown on HN? Why not just use them for ranking and ordering, but don't display them, at least by default? Sorry, but I really need to see some data backing this claim up, as well as the causality you're implying. On the teacher thing, I was under the impression that private schools could hire and fire credentialed teachers as they saw fit, plus could generally afford to pay better to attract better teachers, whereas public schools are handicapped by powerful teachers unions. Granted, my knowledge of the subject is pretty much limited to this paragraph :) On the curriculum thing, it sounds like they just have to offer instruction in the same branches of study, which I'm assuming is things like Math, Reading, Science, etc. Not sure how that equates to the "same curriculum". It's not hard to find a couple hundred private boats and put 1-2 cruise missiles on each of them. I imagine that it's extremely difficult to do this undetected, which is why we have intel services. I'm going to completely ignore the ethical and moral questions this services raises, and instead focus on this: Don, a 52-year-old IT specialist living in Southern California who, not surprisingly, preferred not to give his real last name, is one of the site's hundreds of users. I'm hoping this guy didn't give his real first name, either. Southern CA has millions of people, but I bet there are less than 10 who fit that description exactly. Hell, there might only be one. Since we're talking about jdileo's profile, here's a question: why apply for something like YC? Yeah, I totally get that YC isn't about the cash. But still, couldn't you buy way more connections and press than the YC companies get? Alternatively, you could take like $500k to Demo Day and sink $100k each into five of the YC companies as an angel. I just don't get why someone who had built that big of a company at 25 would go for YC. What am I missing? Results? Whoa, dude...relax. I know you're on edge waiting for the results, but damn :) If you read my comment above, you'll see where I said: Yeah, I totally get that YC isn't about the cash. My point was that YC is worth far more than the cash it invests. But I still don't get why someone who had built a company worth millions and taken millions out of it would go back to the YC model. YC has always struck me as being more for single college-aged founders with no track record than for older, more established entrepreneurs with plenty of money to fund their future startups. A quick google search turns up a glut of these services...are you looking for something different? Damn, I was hoping this meant: Receive checks ($$) before you even launch your website! Been there, done that. Apply, I mean. :) We use it on MightyBrand. It's fucking amazing, at least for us. For an example, indexing a couple million items (blog posts, tweets, digg stories...several gigs of data) takes on my Macbook . Full text searches against that data are typically a couple of milliseconds. Getting it setup took all of an hour. Definitely worth installing and playing around with. This is probably due to a longer trend going on since the 70s, where the rise of the programmer, hacker and software enginner started. They don't care about the business. Stereotypes are fun! I wish most companies were that stupid, there would be a lot better products out there. No, there wouldn't. They'd gradually wither away and die because they're afraid of making money from their business . I will never understand the reluctance of so-called "entrepreneurs" who have some philosophical aversion to the idea of making money. Note: I'm not just talking about condor's comment...I see this attitude expressed constantly here on HN and throughout the "Web 2.0" world. ...with hundreds of millions of users and thousands of application and sites using the Twitter API... Twitter doesn't have hundreds of millions of users. This is highly dependent on what kind of startup you're doing, as many of the complexities in building a web app are behind the scenes, and therefore can't be captured solely through a requirements spec and perfect mockups of everything. Agree, but if you're non-technical and you write up a complete spec and have mockups and head to elance, you're likely to be disappointed in the technical execution you end up with. I once elanced a site that grew to making 5 figures monthly. I know a number of other people who've had even more success than me with it. I'd love to hear more about this :) Right now, it's just blogs, digg, news, and twitter, but we have a slew of services that are in testing right now that we hope to launch in the next few weeks. Aside from that, I'd say that there are a few benefits over RSS: 1. It's faster to setup and start tracking something, as all you have to do is send us a tweet. This might work especially well for stuff you just want to track for a couple days, when setting up a bunch of search feeds is overkill. 2. A lot of people still don't use RSS, but use Twitter. 3. I tend to only check my RSS once a day or even every other day, while I'm likely to be on Twitter all day, so I'll see stuff more quickly than I will with RSS. This is just off the top of my head...as I said, this is an experiment for us, so all feedback is useful :) Twitter may not be the right tool; we just don't know yet, which is why we threw this thing together. Our main web app is http://MightyBrand.com , and is a better example of a full-fledged brand tracking app. As to your 2nd question, Google Alerts doesn't track everything we track now, and tracks a small slice of what we'll be tracking in the next few weeks. We have it from the other end at http://MightyBrand.com Quick poll: if we added an email-only version of MightyBrand where you got a daily email of all of your social media mentions, would you use it? How much would you pay? $5 / month? $10 / month? We already have this at http://MightyBrand.com which is our main web app. This is a little side experiment to try and leverage some of the infrastructure we've built in interesting ways. So the question is: how many searches are real-time searches? 10%? 20% 30%? Try something closer to .001%. Twitter's monthly search volume is probably about equal to what Google gets in the space of a few minutes. The author's main premise seems to be that since people are already on Twitter and Facebook, they'll just use that to search instead of Google. Aside from the fact that the results would be terrible, most people have Google search in their browser, which is all of 30 pixels away from the Facebook and Twitter search fields. Plus, I know that I'll be more likely to get the results that I need. People are way too wrapped up in finding the next Google-killer. Counter-example: I used to do contract development work at $65 - 85 / hr. At 40 hours per week, this would equate to $130k to $170k / year. But if I was to get a full-time job as a developer at my skill level, I'd probably make half of that. Ditto...can we see your landing page? Hypothesis: people who smile in yearbook photos are not really happy, just concerned with appearances, and thus likely to stay in a joyless marriage for appearance's sake. I'm only half joking :) Who paid for this? "We need some money to fund a research project to look at people's amount of 'smiley-ness' in their old yearbook photos and see if it corresponds to whether they get divorced later in life." I think there's incredible value in preventing divorce. I also think this study is bullshit. I know this is a bit of a strawman, but what have we really learned here? That if you tell your kids to smile in their yearbook photo, they'll have a happy marriage? Sorry, I just don't see any value in this correlation at all...seems like it's almost as likely to be random as meaningful. Edit: Instead of just downvoting me, could someone explain what I'm missing? You say that, and yet I see numerous designs on there that I think are fine. Not mind-blowing, but when you're starting out, your design and logo don't have to be incredible. Design should be iterative too. So...where do you work? :) So you had monthly revenues in the tens of thousands? Why aren't you still doing this (or are you)? You're comparing buses to current trains, which is a bit of a straw man, as we're talking about high-speed trains. Additionally, trains are nowhere near as cramped as buses, at least the ones I've ridden. They're considerably roomier in terms of the seats and the areas to walk around in, and often have food and beverage areas as well. If mixmax does this, it would be a huge mistake to sell this for $3 or something ridiculous like that. There are two types of people that would buy this: - the mildly curious who wouldn't buy unless it was just a couple bucks (sounds like this is yummyfajitas) - the obsessed who are desperate for more info and would probably shell out $50 for a great guide with all the info they need on how to actually change their life by doing this You want to target the 2nd group, because they have a problem and are actively looking for a solution. The people in the first group are cheap and generally opposed to paying for anything, so you'll spend way more time and effort trying to sell to them than they're worth. Also, to the doubters, the thing to keep in mind with things like this is that while you can find the info for yourself for free, it'll take you tens or hundreds of hours of research (I know). Why not just get it from someone who has actually done it? This is a handy PDF guide to this principle that I found useful: http://practicalist.com/singletasking.pdf Well, do you ? I wouldn't add one unless you need one, based on what you're seeing for your own app. Yet now we find ourselves in an impossible position. In almost every sphere, the technology we have is so good that any improvements can only be incremental. I don't believe this for a second. I'm sure people said the same thing about smartphones before the iPhone. Yes, some categories of technology are mature, but innovation is also about the creation of entirely new categories that we can't currently foresee. You should consider doubling or tripling it. It's important to realize that no one is as confident as they put on to others and once you realize that, you don't get as worried about how you fit in (at least I don't). I think that's why he wrote the post: to explain this to people who don't yet realize it. Experience and anecdotes and intuition aren't statistics. We do have this: TipJoy. While you might be right, Aaron's post (or mainly, your characterization of it) is really disingenuous. Taproot spent an estimated $3k of employee time setting up their Causes profile and has received only $30 in donations. Aaron extrapolates this out to the $3m that Causes reported it had raised at the time to estimate the nonprofits spent $300m in employee time to raise that $3m. There's a number of potential issues with this: 1. Tiny sample size 2. Sounds like they setup the profile and forgot about it 3. Not sure how they spent $3k setting it up 4. Some types of non-profits are better suited for Causes 5. Maybe they just suck at fundraising Forget the YC companies...almost anyone who has started any kind of business will tell you that it's a lot of work. I hate these kinds of blog posts, because they make it sound like starting a business isn't about risk or hard work anymore. Supposedly, the advent of technology has made succeeding at your own company so easy that anyone can do it. You don't need to write a business plan, get an MBA, or even have any experience. Furthermore, you won't even need to work hard at it! The problem is that the barriers to entry don't just drop for you...they drop for your competitors too. So now it's even harder to compete within a given market because of the sheer volume of competition. You may find cases at the edge (37signals' home and soapbox) where money, risk, hard work, a plan, education, experience, and connections didn't matter, but they're complete outliers. You're probably better off playing the lottery. the basic protestant outlook is that your (personal) salvation is predetermined Totally OT, but I wanted to point out that predestination is most closely associated with Calvinism, which only occupies a subset of Protestantism. The Arminian school of theology is also part of Protestantism. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Calvinist-Arminian_d... Example? I have HUGE respect for you and what you've accomplished; your posts on HN detailing your experiences as a micro-ISV are some of my favorites. That said, I think you're making the same mistake that 37signals does, which is assuming that your isolated experience is representative of the population as a whole. Your business has some unique aspects that do not necessarily apply to every business type, particularly the high margins. Competition isn't necessarily the death-knell of your business, but what if your market became very crowded with companies who charged less, offered better customer service, marketed more effectively, etc. How long would you be able to survive? Now imagine that you have a bunch of salaries and overhead and everything else that a growing business usually needs. Not saying that you can't win, but it's not like the market for bingo card creation software is so big that it can support thousands of companies :) Would this have an effect on SEO? Would http://facebook.com/shoes be more likely to rank well for a search for "shoes"? This is how I feel about farming: you put some seeds in the ground and then several months later, you have a ton of food. What? I feel like I recently read that these kinds of NDAs are not enforceable in certain states, but my Google-fu is failing me now. Anyone else know if this is the case? Edit: bingo! From Joel's Inc. article: Some companies even make it a fireable offense for employees to compare salaries, or they write something into the standard employment contract prohibiting workers from disclosing their pay. (In the United States, this kind of rule is unenforceable, by the way, but some bosses hope their workers won't know that.) http://www.inc.com/magazine/20090401/how-hard-could-it-be-em... +1 for RFC 1149 :) This article is another approach to the same idea expressed in this article from a day or two ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=569131 These kinds of comments about how our technology is "good enough" and will thus slow its evolutionary pace seem eerily similar to proclamations from a few decades ago that there would only be need for a few computers in the world, no computer would ever need more than a few kilobytes of memory, etc. Do you need a 50-core CPU with 512GB of memory to run Firefox? No. However, it's a mistake to assume that tomorrow's technology will be used for the same applications as today's technology. Faster, cheaper, smaller, cooler, more efficient hardware will enable entirely new uses for computing that we can't really see right now. Thank you for reminding me why I don't have a job anymore. I always hated that bullshit of someone looking over your shoulder. That's not really fair...it sounds like they both had actual real-world experience in building search indexes at massive scale, which you'd think would be worth something in this kind of venture. Agreed...very slick. I'd almost make that the default view. The 99% of the population who has no idea what The Pirate Bay is, let alone that there was a trial. Most of those people couldn't find Sweden on a map. Cheer up. People are not cheaper than machines, they're just better at some tasks. You'd have to complete tens of thousands of those stupid little tasks to pay your rent for a month...if they could be done by machine reliably, they would be. No offense, but I think this is their strategy for that: 3. Get rid of assholes. Zappos has a filtering system before, during, and after hiring to make sure they get rid of people who “don’t fit the culture.” That is the nice way of saying they get rid of assholes and they get rid of them quickly. They even pay candidates $2,000 after they go through training if they can admit they don’t fit into the culture.