I've never liked karma systems. On the surface it seems to make sense: People who are helpful/insightful get lots of karma. In practice, it fails on two fronts: First, karma systems in and of themselves work based on popularity, under the mistaken idea that popularity = correctness/insightfulness/suitability. Quite often, the most insightful or thought provoking ideas are unpopular (or speaking the truth is unpopular). What you get is a system that automatically filters out the ideas that the majority are unconfortable with, and so you end up with an echo chamber which doesn't admit new ideas. Second, the policies formed around the karma system grow biased AGAINST new users over time, which leads to community stagnation: The initial couple of years are great. The early adopters are all eager to participate in meaningful ways, and build a thriving, vibrant community. Then the gamers join in. They learn how to game the system to gain points. They do this just to show that they can. Closely related, the karma whores move in. Their sole goal is to gain points for self-worth. The community is meaningless; points are everything. As the gamer's techniques become more widly known, the spammers move in, automating the techniques to promote their spam, and the cat-and-mouse game begins, usually at the expense of making things more difficult for the users. These measures are almost always done with consideration of the already established user base, using them to determine what a "normal, real" user is like. Once you hit this point, it starts to become prohibitively expensive for a new user to join in, thanks to the biased notion of a "normal user". Stack Overflow is a prime example of this, where you have to jump through all sorts of crazy hoops just to be able to even comment or gasp edit your own question because upon re-reading, you decide it's not as clear as it could be. And so you complain. But people don't like complainers, so they all jump on you and say "It's not so bad! I went through the red tape and so should you!" and "If you don't like the red tape, there's no place for you here!" There's a word for this: Bureaucracy. As a service provider, you should be doing everything in your power to make things MORE accessible to new users, not LESS accessible. You should be ENCOURAGING participation, not throwing hurdles in their way. New users are fickle. Their first experience on your site will largely shape their perception of it forever. Start them off with a bad experience and they'll refuse to participate. Rampant bureaucracy is a sign of severe failure in the system. A few techniques: Form a cabal of vote sharers, who always vote for each other's posts. Post a bunch of semi-plausible content once a day and you'll have tons of karma in no time. Post quick responses that have little insight. You'll always get votes for being first. Post LOTS of trivial questions. More people will upvote than will downvote on the whole. Socrates is side-stepping the issue, as he always did, taking advantage of his friend's inability to articulate himself well. One can see from his friend's meandering talk that he was trying to describe how excessive love of gain can corrupt, and later how evil men would deceive others so as to make gains by things which the violated party will later realize (or perhaps not realize) are worthless. Think snake oil merchants. However, Socrates, in his usual style, takes advantage of imprecise language to twist meanings around until he's altered the topic of discussion (as his friend suspected, but couldn't articulate) into something where he can be demonstrated to have the right answer (all men love gain) with a notable absence of discussion about his friend's concern about excessive love of gain and dishonest gain. There's a reason why they killed him: nobody likes a smart ass. Yes, I can see your point there. While the final, deplorable behavior is disregard for the social cost of ones own gain, one cannot discount the germination and growth of greed as an otherwise upright man is slowly corrupted by the gains he makes, and his priorities shift towards higher gain as concern for the damage done to others falls by the wayside. The quote "for the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil" did not arise from a vacuum, nor did "absolute power corrupts absolutely". Ultimately, one can argue that it is a weakness of character, but thus far it's been incredibly rare to see those with great power (through gains) remain uncorrupted for long. Page did not respond in a timely fashion. Check our status site for alerts. Either you found a page that took too long to render or we're getting more requests right now than we can handle. You can try refreshing the page, the problem may be temporary. Learn how to deal with GitHub outages and other access problems. Hiring from a friend's company is a lot like dating a friend's old girlfriend. It can be totally cool on the surface but totally not cool underneath. I sure hope the auto-save "feature" can be disabled... Absolutely, yes. If you don't include a cover letter, chances are very high that you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter has spelling or grammatical errors, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter doesn't speak to my company SPECIFICALLY, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. Basically, if you can't tell me why you want to work for my company and why you're a perfect fit, it tells me that your only interest is in a paycheck, and that you'll take no pride in your work and will show no initiative. If you can't be bothered to proofread your cover letter and have a friend check it over, it tells me that you're sloppy and don't follow through. If you can't even be bothered to hit the "spell check" button, it tells me that you're lazy. Counterpoint: Many open source contributors don't find satisfaction in their day jobs. The work they get paid to do is restrictive and dull. Developers are generally driven by the desire to create 'cool' things. Many spend all day in meetings discussing why that API extension isn't good for the 99th design iteration for customer X. And yet many rush to do this kind of work for free. Lots of work open source projects need are quite 'boring' from the technical point of view (documentation, project files, merging, OS integration. etc). So why do people contribute to open source projects? Because they believe in the product and like feeling empowered. Wow... I didn't expect these sorts of tabloid headers to occur on Hacker News. That's usually a Reddit thing. Shouldn't Hacker News be a cut above, where people first read and understand an article, and then post it to HN with a succinct, relevant, and most importantly TRUTHFUL title? Your machine zaps you and pulls you into the machine, where you are forced to play death match Yahtzee against other profiles. Click here for the shocking truth: http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s14e04-you-hav... I don't understand. What does an accounting compliance law have to do with charging for previously free tools? And how were they able to release free tools in the years after 2002? What makes 2011 so special that they are compelled by law to start charging $5? Ok, but where in this scenario do the SOX compliance laws compel them to charge money for a "major upgrade"? It's perfectly reasonable. All it took was one touch from His Noodly Appendage ;-) Personally, I love sites like SO and Quora. When I'm digging into something outside of my experience/expertise (which is almost daily in my current job), I'm consistently landing on pages that have answers written to my questions. That's great. What's NOT great, is having some esoteric need, landing on a bunch of pages, and finding that most of them have an "are you sure you want to do this?" response with no effort made to answer the question, ahm, in question. The author is right in this respect. You are NOT just answering the person who asked the question. Stuff on the internet STAYS. For YEARS. That means that you're answering EVERYONE who EVER asks that question, and chances are that a lot of them DO know what they are doing. All they lack are the mechanical steps to take, which you have denied them by your second guessing of intentions. And that is MASSIVELY frustrating. Sites like Quora understand this, thus the "not helpful" button. If you must question the judgment of the person asking, do so AFTER answering the question. Otherwise your answer is, in fact, NOT useful. Oh, it may be useful if you've successfully guessed the intentions of the asker, but for a great number of other people who will land on that page in the years to come it is nothing more than condescension. I participate because I find it a godsend whenever I get stuck on some esoteric API or poorly documented technology, or I just want to use something in a way that it's not actually meant to be used BECAUSE I HAVE A DAMN GOOD REASON TO DO IT. And I want to extend the same courtesy of answering without prejudice so that some other soul can be similarly helped by my answer. There's a huge difference between "You're wrong and here's why", and "You did X??? What are you, stupid? You suck and you should just gtfo because you'll never amount to anything. You'd be so fired if you worked in my company. Bullet. Brain. Make the connection." Both are uncompromising. Only one is civil. It's not that geeks are harsh; it's that assholes are harsh. You'd see the same kind of dressing down of a sales guy in front of his peers by his asshole boss, who just happens to be a damn good salesman, which makes his attacks all the more withering. Knowledge dost not the better man make. Never saw this before today, but it hardly seems funny. That's how people smuggle contraband in prison. The sad truth is that either you have wealth with which to get what you want from other people, or you swallow your pride and smuggle stuff in via your rectum. It's not funny; it's a sad commentary on the demeaning prison life. Regardless, TeX failed for the masses because it was too complicated to begin with (the masses are not programmers, nor are they interested in "programming" their documents). WYSIWYG word processors and desktop publishing software do a decent enough job quickly with a learning curve orders of magnitude shallower, and rightly so since it's the learning curve that poses the greatest barrier to entry. And while many attempts have been made to flatten that curve with various tools, I'm hard pressed to find a compelling competitor to Microsoft Word or OpenOffice in terms of ease-of-use. People in general are far more interested in the final result than the "beauty" of the steps to produce that result, especially when it comes to the written word. Actually, it's a plutocracy. People don't listen to technocrats unless they have a good idea for generating wealth/power. The reason you don't leave any serious decisions in the hands of the masses is because it leads to instability, which is the worst thing that can happen to a government. In every form of government, you have a minority bloc which makes the most important decisions unilaterally. The remaining decisions are, depending on the visible form of government, passed on to various degrees to the public so that they may feel they are participating in the running of their country's affairs. There is, of course, some give-and-take when a special interest group gains too much power, but those can be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. Same reason nobody vandalizes vending machines, even when they're quite literally in the middle of nowhere along the side of an unfrequented road in the countryside. Same reason it's unthinkable for a Japanese to take fruit or berries hanging outside of someone's yard, even when it's falling off the branch and rotting on the ground, and yet they'd hardly think twice in their downtown drunken stupor to steal a bicycle to get them home after the trains had shut down for the night. They have different social norms there. No. The Yakuza generally do not participate in civilian affairs, nor are they interested in "policing", except where someone becomes a personal nuisance to a higher-up or someone disrupts their business. Their primary interest lies in the financial side of mizu-shobai type establishments, gambling, and money laundering. They also offer thug-work-for-hire, which is helpful when the police aren't, but you've got to be careful dealing with them because there tend to be hidden costs to their "help". * whoops. replied at the wrong level :P 3000 years of writing bad Chinese poetry. edit: It's a JOKE, people. What I am saying is that the lack of looting has nothing to do with the Yakuza. While it was in vogue, the nobles would all try their hand, no matter how bad they were at it, and no matter how little they actually knew of the language. Think Janglish, but the Chinese version of it :P I'm usually wary of anyone who argues that mouse and windowed GUI usage wastes precious time, because it tells me that this person prematurely optimizes, focusing on typing and screen navigation time when the idea-to-code bottleneck is actually the part where you THINK before you ACT. The actual time spent hitting keys on the keyboard pales by comparison (or at least it should, unless you're producing unmaintainable code). A better approach to #5 (Do not copy a line more than once) is to make a "template" copy of the line, which will fail to compile, and then make a bunch of copies of that. Example: Template line: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Copy/paste: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Final edit: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_PRIMARYSTATUS), TRUE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIMESPIN), FALSE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIME),); Now when you try to compile, but forgot to update something (such as the missing boolean in the last line), the compiler will complain. There is also boron in the spent fuel pools to further retard neutron production. As well, the steel structures for the spent fuel pools are often made of borated steel. It's not like they just toss the spent fuel into a kiddie pool and call it a day. 1. The programmer market is HOT HOT HOT now. We're having no end of trouble finding developers. 2. You need to take stock of what you've done these past 3 years. How are you different today from when you started? THAT is your "career credit", and you need to figure out how to communicate that to a big company. You probably have a ton of management skills (project management, people management, time management, etc). Big companies like that. 3. There's NOTHING wrong with going to work for a big company. Big company = stability, and after a long roller coaster ride with daily uncertainty, that can be appealing. You can always start over if it turns out you're stuck with the entrepreneurial bug ;-) The key to being an entrepreneur is failing fast, right? You're 3 years in and haven't launched. Why? Do you know what your customers want? Because once you build what they actually want, no matter how crappy your first launch (within reason), you'll have the opposite problem of not being able to retain enough talent to keep up with their demands. You'll be constantly inundated with emails to the effect of "Yeah I really like your product, but it'd be so much better if it did X..." Failing is not just the CEO's decision; it's EVERYBODY'S decision. YOU are an entrepreneur, too. Use your spidey sense! And make sure you're honest about it when you talk to your CEO. If you can't come to common ground, that's too bad, but if you CAN, you might turn this around yet. Also: Read up on Founder's Syndrome if you haven't yet: http://managementhelp.org/misc/founders.htm Edit: And if you're an Android or iPhone developer who's interested in education and games and lives in the bay area, forget everything I just said. Your company is beyond help and you should come work with us ;-) We're MindSnacks. We do bite-sized mobile learning in a fun way that makes people come back for more! You should be receiving a message in your mailbox shortly. Side note, but stretching before exercise increases the chance of injury. http://sportsmedicine.about.com/cs/flexibility/a/aa022102a.h... I was wrong; there hasn't yet been a causal relationship established between pre-exercise stretching and increased injury (though some studies do suggest such a relationship). The studies do agree in general, however, that stretching before exercise does NOT reduce the chance of injury. Some scientific articles this time: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=stretching+injuries+stud... Ah, the refrain of the neat freaks who feel a desperate need to trumpet their position (and obliquely judge all dissenters), justifying with simplistic metaphors that have no scientific basis... How quickly we fall off the bus! Agreed. Albert Einstein's political views were laughably naive, for example. An example: "War seems to me a mean, contemptible thing: I would rather be hacked in pieces than take part in such an abominable business. And yet so high, in spite of everything, is my opinion of the human race that I believe this bogey would have disappeared long ago, had the sound sense of the nations not been systematically corrupted by commercial and political interests acting through the schools and the Press." When considered against thousands of years of human history, documenting wars large and small, and the events leading up to them, such a view of the innate goodness of fellow man that is pure and would never wage war but for the corrupting influence of the elite, comes off as incredibly naive. When compared and contrasted with, for example, Machiavelli and his discourses on the first decade of Titus Livius, Einstein comes off like an episode of the Care Bears. Great. Wonderful. So what does it mean to "win" the test? What do any of those numbers even mean? A paper written with the goal of providing the minimum amount of information in the maximum amount of words. By not identifying themselves, they cut themselves off from the best talent. Nobody worth their salt will waste their time applying to a mystery company when there are many other companies who they DO know about and can get passionate about. Facebook is actively hiring government insiders in the hopes of gaining more political influence, and so they are changing in order to become more in-line with US foreign policy and thus further improve the relationship. Blasphemy! Blasphemy I say! There is a theory that the connection between the right and left hemisphere of the human brain has been diminishing over generations (The ancients used to audibly hear the voice of the gods, which was likely the right hemisphere, but that ability diminished around 4-5000 years ago). I wonder if all these psychadelic drugs are doing is enhancing the communication between right and left, or perhaps suppressing the left such that the right takes greater charge? The left does, after all, have very narrow focus as opposed to the right, which processes greater but less focused patterns. I've read a few books over the years that touch upon the subject, but I don't remember anything online (It's been quite a number of years since I've visited the subject). I do know that Colin Wilson subscribes to the theory, so some of his nonfiction works might be helpful (I seem to remember something in The Criminal History of Mankind). Large companies work by inertia. Google is actually more agile for its size, but it's still a big company and ruled by inertia. In a large company, the majority of people don't know each other, and don't communicate on a daily basis. This means that things of interest get passed from person to person, usually by email, and so the original intent of the message tends to get lost due to the 3rd or 4th reader having no idea what kind of person the original writer is, what his writing style is, whether he's being serious or joking, etc. As a result, you end up with lots of requests for clarification, especially where it's an event that falls outside of the normal routine. It takes a lot to rile up a company, but Andrew did it expertly, pushing all the buttons his background in sociology and politics gave him a solid understanding of. Notice how it went through three separate "request for clarification" requests, each more formal than the last. Each time, he responded in a passive-aggressive manner that re-pushed those same buttons. As it pushed its way through the various departments and echelons of the company, such a message would become more and more threatening as the person became less and less known. People go into CYA mode (better safe than sorry), the company momentum changes and things start rolling. Let's look at the course of events again: 1: Andrew is intercepted by someone who is probably a manager (notice his description "Agitated Chubby White Male", with the connotations of bourgeoisie). 2: The manager takes Andrew to explain the situation to security (pointing out that the security guard is a black man in a menial job, with "sedate" added for connotations of passively accepting his proletariat fate). 3: Security contacts Transvideo to get clarification from Andrew and find out his intentions (notice his description "so that the issue can be filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", with the connotations of the soulless bureocratic corporate machine). At this point, the security department is unsure of Andrew's intentions. Was it just harmless curiosity? Is he a plant, trying to dig up dirt to embarrass Google? They can't know for sure, so they ask him to clarify his position. What Andrew sends back is a passive-aggressive letter covering class, race, and labor, all hot button topics. His manager asks for even more clarification. People are getting very nervous at this point. Andrew's response is political dynamite, once again using passive-aggressive techniques to all but accuse Google of racist discriminatory labor practices. That someone with "backgrounds in sociology and political philosophy" wouldn't understand what panic his second letter would produce is incredibly hard to believe. In fact, Andrew's entire description is so slanted and colored that I'm inclined to suspect that he deliberately set about getting himself fired so that he could trumpet "Google is Evil!" from his blog, Michael Moore style. > Passive-aggressive is something like "I respect your right to your opinion, no matter how steeped in white male professional privilege it may be." Or something like "found it interesting that these workers, who perform labor similar to that of many red-badge contractors, such as software engineers, custodians, security guards, etc., are mostly people of color and cannot eat Google meals, take the shuttle, ride a bike, or step foot anywhere else on campus." Or "I was not aware of how secretive the Book Search project is" Or "understand how seriously my curiosity could jeopardize not only my own job and Transvideos’ relationship with Google" > His statements are completely factual, even underplayed. His statements are very slanted. "chubby white man", "extremely confidential area", "filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", "Ralph, the millionaire who owns Transvideo", and others I mentioned previously are carefully crafted to paint Google (and Transvideo) in the light of not only an exploiter of minorities, but also a petty company that cares more about their data integrity than people. > I didn't even hear any ill-will towards the company There's plenty of ill will and contempt there, seething beneath the surface in that passive-aggressive voice. For companies: Hire the absolute best you can find. Your goal should be to find people who are better than you at what you do. You need to hit every source of talent and try your damn best to get the best. Failing that, settle for someone who is only as good as you are. This is monumentally important with your first 4-5 hires as it sets the bar and sets the culture. For job seekers: They are interviewing you, but YOU are also interviewing THEM. If you are not passionate about what they are doing, it's probably not a good fit. If they are unwilling to listen to you give a better solution than the one they thought of, there's probably something wrong with their culture. If they are offended that you found a bug in their code or test, that's a huge red flag already. Now, in big companies you can get away with coasting along, working as a simple code monkey. If that's what you want (not saying it's a bad thing), then you need neither passion nor aptitude to get a decent wage working an easy job. If, however, you crave something bigger and more rewarding, you need to seek out companies that are passionate about the same things you are. In a market as hot as this one, there are a LOT of passionate companies looking for talented people (especially startups!). They're ninja-rockstars. That's why they stay out of the limelight ;-) Both Apple and Google are chipping away at the carriers. You can't just throw ultimatums at the big players in the arena and expect them to say "Oh ok. We'll make it all open, sure!". Apple has capitulated on a number of issues. So has Google. But you know what? We now have phones that are orders of magnitude more open than they've ever been thanks to the quid-pro-quo of those two pioneering companies. Google initially came on too strong, but found they didn't have the clout to push the level of openness they wanted, and so now they're taking a gentler approach. The carriers need to see a benefit to themselves before they move, and even then they'll move very slowly. Google and Apple know this, which is why they apply pressure gently and steadily. They understand and exploit the politics, which is why they are so successful. The proof is in the pudding. Just look at the market share. What you really want is something along the lines of: void myMethod() { disposable File myFile = new File(somePath); // ... do stuff with the file // "disposable" modifier causes myFile to be // forcibly destroyed upon leaving scope for any // reason (except if the disposable object itself // is returned from the method). } An idiom designed specifically for the purpose of resource management would make for a far cleaner implementation than shoehorning an existing mechanism. You'd probably also need to add checking for references to the object by still-living objects (i.e. objects not eligible for gc). If any live object has a reference to the disposable object, its "disposable" status gets removed. Similarly, returning the disposable object from the method also strips its "disposable" status. It would add extra processing at the end of the scope level, but generally methods that create/use resources don't need to be lightning fast anyway. You could even add the "disposable" modifier to class definitions, making all instances of that class disposable by default (and thus destroyed unless referenced or returned). My answer would be to create a shortcut in the existing reference system of the gc. Invoke a subset of the gc which checks a reduced list of object references made from that scope or deeper. Reference counted systems only work if you don't create cyclic (strong) references, so that argument is moot. In fact, reference counted systems can deal with resource objects easily so long as the compiler/interpreter ensures that pending autoreleases are executed when unwinding the stack during an exception. You can't beat confirmation bias. It's wired into human braaaaaains. I created a universal framework template for iPhone/iOS (lets you build static frameworks that work on device and simulator): https://github.com/kstenerud/iOS-Universal-Framework Also, a nicer interface to iPhone audio: https://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone I also put out my Objective-C programmer's toolbox: https://github.com/kstenerud/Objective-Gems If you find yourself asking others to make your decisions for you, the correct answer is inaction, since you'd only do it halfheartedly anyway. My beef is that nutritional "experts" tend to reverse their "advice" every 5-10 years. - X is bad - No, actually X is good. - No, it turns out X is actually bad after all. - No, actually it's Y that's causing all our problems. - Wait, no, it's Z. And then along comes the marketing blitz. "No salt", "Sugar free" "glucose free" "gluten free" "made with cane syrup" "cholesterol free" "fat free" "no saturated fat" "no trans fat" and now "carb free", no doubt. And then the vitamin supplement and herbal crowd come out to flog their latest crackpot diets and exercise regimens and trans-yogic-meta-druidic-ninjutsu-meditation. Yes, I rage much :P Pope Urban VIII's beef with Cassini wasn't over his assertion that Copernicus was right, but rather because Cassini was asserting that which he could not prove. He was basically saying that he was right and everyone else was wrong and they should just believe him because he was right. The pope said (rightly so) that unless Cassini could offer proof as to the cause of planets allegedly circling the sun, he should present both the Copernicus and Ptolemy model and leave it up to the reader to make up his mind. (He couldn't prove it because the theory of gravitation was not known at the time) Instead, Galileo tricked a priest into printing his book without a papal seal of approval, after he had promised the pope that he would present the Copernicus model as a hypothesis and not as proven fact. So, in this case, the church was on the side of the scientific method. You don't just assert something extraordinary without some extraordinary evidence to back it up. The church changes character along with those in power, so comparing the church of then to the church of now is not very meaningful, nor is talking about contemporary church views in contrast to past views. Pope Urban VIII had at one point actually encouraged Galileo's teachings, but Galileo himself was known to be arrogant and headstrong, having little patience for bureaucracy, and virtually no tact when dealing with others, especially if they disagreed with him. There are a number of ways Galileo could have approached things: 1. Present both the Ptolemy and Copernicus models, along with the arguments for each. 2. Delay publication until he could build a fully working model, rather than a series of observations and assertions. 3. Defy authority, fraudulently publish, and damn the ignorant fools in power. Option 1 would have been the best approach, as it would be the least jarring to established knowledge and would provide a wedge for new ideas. Option 2 would likely stir up controversy at a later date, but would not involve insubordination. Option 3 was pretty much guaranteed to blow up, much like an employee directly disobeying his boss to his face. Even if he and the pope had been the bestest of buds, there would have been no way politically for the pope to ignore his behavior. (As it was, the pope flew into a rage when he found out that Galileo had published behind his back) Not in the "pure" scientific method, but in practice, no such thing exists. There is always politics to consider, and Galileo considered wrong. One might be inclined to believe that Louis XIV was acting as a benefactor when he invited Cassini to France, but in reality he was using it as yet another wedge against the papacy (along with other things such as the Declaration of the Clergy of France) in order to secure more power for himself in France. Freedom of expression is all about the political climate you find yourself in, and the successful disruptor is he who takes this into account when planning his campaign. Actually, that analogy is very apt. The existing authority will not accept new theories replacing the old until VERY compelling evidence has been brought forth (this happens even today in the secular world, and that's a GOOD thing). Creationism will have a very hard time displacing the existing accepted scientific body of theory and evidence, as has been seen by their constant failures in the past. But sneaking it in under the radar by "presenting both theories" has gained them more traction than any other strategy they've attempted so far. What the pope was telling Galileo to do was, in effect, the same thing. Sneak the idea in on the coattails of established "truth", and then it'll be a lot easier to embellish it to fullness later. So I retract my previous statement that the church was on the side of scientific inquiry. In fact, both cases involve intellectual fraud, in that an idea is not allowed to stand on its own merits, but rather requires political machinations in order to be injected into society at large (but then again, when was that ever not the case?). The only difference is that Galileo's teachings were actually true, and creationism is actually false, but we only have that knowledge with the benefit of hindsight. I'm saying to be pragmatic, because it will get you a lot farther than would outright defiance. Too many idealists go down in flames because they're simply unwilling to see the broader picture containing people, power, and the relationships that drive them. There is a time and place for defiance. Get it wrong, and your cause can be set back years, decades, perhaps even centuries. Galileo's defiance and life under house arrest would have been but a footnote in history had king Louis not extended his invitation to Cassini, and that would not have happened had Louis not considered himself strong enough to defy Rome, and he would not have even cared to defy Rome had Rome not held such a stranglehold on the appointment of priests in Europe. So even though Galileo was foolhardy and naive, it turned out alright due to political circumstances that he never even considered. It was a massive risk to the future of science that Galileo didn't even consider, but had he taken a more temperate approach and bided his time for a better opportunity, none of this would even have been necessary. There are many more cases of idealists who were not so lucky. This is not about how the world "ought to be", but rather the way things are (and, in fact, always have been). So basically an Either is for returning a different (ostensibly error) type in a language that normally cares about the declared return type in a method signature? How would that work for passing the result to another method for analysis? Relax the rules there too? Wouldn't that require doing away with compiler/interpretor type enforcement altogether? (not that I have a problem with that) I would disagree. If I happened to be in the job market, and my potential employer were to look at my github profile (yes, we do look at your github profile) and find "bigdicksucker" as one of the repos I'm apparently a "contributor" on, well, that wouldn't look too good, would it? Find a license that matches your needs and put notices in all your source files. http://www.opensource.org/licenses/category You own copyright on the work, and there's no giving away those rights by licensing it. Furthermore, there's nothing stopping you from granting someone else a different license to the source (one permitting commercial use in consideration of a fee paid to you, for example). The license permits others to do what you've licensed them to do. It places no restrictions on you, the copyright holder, except that you cannot revoke a license for code already released to someone unless the license permits such action (which no open source licenses do, as far as I know). "fixed date" in this case means "We have the following list of features we want in the product, to be launched as our big update. How many months will it take? (and we'll hold you to that exact date)" The further ahead you must forecast, the less accurate your estimate will be. In many organizations, the hapless architect is asked to give a solid date for a laundry list of features, many of which he can't research very well up front. Many technologies exist to solve a number of the problems, but the experienced architect KNOWS that each and every one of those technologies will fail to work, be poorly documented, be poorly supported, contain subtle bugs that affect nobody else but him, be incompatible with existing infrastructure, etc. There will be a great number of dead ends, which can only be discovered once the team has spent a good amount of time learning the technologies via documentation, web searches, object code disassembly, threatening vendors' families and pets, and so on. And fixing these emerging problems will involve other technologies, each with their own problems, resulting in a factorial solution set. This is why the traditional method of estimation has been to estimate how long you expect it to take with a lot of things going wrong, and then triple it (you triple it so that you can be "talked down" to double, even though that increases the risk of going over). In short, long term project completion forecasts are a fairy tale, and so anyone who expects you to adhere to them makes agility near impossible. If anyone does KVO on your object, they will be sent a "property changed" notification when you call self.myvar = nil in your dealloc method. It's quite likely that whoever gets notified of the property change will attempt to access your object, but now your object is in a half-destroyed state. 95% of code can run an order of magnitude slower than "optimal" with no discernable degradation of the user experience. If a bus lock degrades your performance too much, either change your algorithm, or isolate that section of code and do it in another language that doesn't suffer the same performance issues. And does anyone with a high school level education in history even understand WHY the archduke of Austria was assassinated? Or WHY none of the powers at the time could pull out of the resulting domino effect? Or the onerous terms of the treaty after the first war? Or the discontent it sowed, leaving fertile ground for a dictator to emerge? Without this context, how could WW2 ever be understood? And even this is glossing over a lot of important stuff, such as the various nations' foreign policy, public sentiment, local politics, and how it affected pretty much every operation of the war. Who even remembers operation Market Garden or why it was significant? Does anyone even know why and how bombing of metropolitan centers even started? Of course not! Easier to say goodies vs baddies and forget the details. History is already taught without any useful context in school. It's rendered so dry and boring and detached from humanity that I'm surprised ANY learning happens at all. Khan is doing very high level, very loose connections at the moment which, I'll admit, contain even less information than the school system pulp. However, I'd be interested in seeing how deep he goes with subsequent videos before passing judgment. The quality of academia has been in decline for almost a century now as the bar has been progressively lowered by financial and political pressures in order to make them more "accessible to the common man". A post-secondary education is still somewhat useful in teaching one how to think, and in exposing one to higher ideas, but it's nowhere near the level of excellence of previous ages. A simple reading of theses and journals past expose the stark differences in thought. Storm in a teacup. English is the new lingua-franca. As opposed to: point-click-drag, CMD-X, scroll, point-click, CMD-V Or for replacing a word at an arbitrary location with other text: scroll, point-double-click, type. Eschewing a tool for "purity's" sake is not a virtue. Actually, they did exist back then. All text based, of course, so we tended to use specialized telnet programs that supported macros and scripting. Side projects are not a matter of "having an unfulfilling day job". A side project is simply scratching an itch. That itch could be something that bothers you, or it could be simple curiosity. I have a very fulfilling day job (I'm a co-founder of an awesome startup, which makes it more of a fulfilling day&night job), but that doesn't mean I won't explore other things, try out new technologies, find something that sucks and make it better, latch onto an idea and build it while thinking "how hard can it be?" (Answer: it can be VERY hard) Side projects are an outward expression of people who are hopelessly creative and just can't help themselves. The CONTENTS of those side projects demonstrate how organized, focused, and disciplined they are. This is a knee-jerk reaction from someone who has been bitten. The fact is, EVERY worthwhile venture has failure waiting at every step. Every good idea has a multitude of people doing it poorly for each rare person doing it right. And whatever industry you find yourself in is the one that will seem the most fucked up because it's the one you're closest to. It's an imperfect world we live in, and that's not going to change. But if you're childish enough to expect things to go your way without YOU taking charge of and responsibility for your affairs, don't expect any sympathy. Who dares, wins. I saw the exact opposite. The guilds that performed the best, got first kill, turned the newest content into farm status the quickest, were guilds that had one man at the top. He would have officers to whom he would delegate most of the operations, and with whom he would confer as the guild was tackling new content, but in the end his word was final. And it worked wonderfully until eventually the leader left without appointing someone competent enough to fill his shoes. It was the complete opposite with "committee" based guilds. Everything there was about your standing in the council, who you could bring to "your side", infighting, inertia, analysis paralysis, cliques, rifts, you name it. It was a mess, and most raid nights were spent dying in very stupid and careless ways. DKP hoarding and loot cockblocking would become commonplace. Morale would plummet, the good players would leave, and eventually the guild would fold, be absorbed, or just wallow in suckiness. It doesn't compare at all. We tried it out as a way of prototyping iPhone game ideas, but it didn't even have the concept of arrays, which made anything beyond the absolute most simple game state impossible. You can't build serious games without a powerful programming language. An anonymous poster's behavior is indicative of what that person is really like. With nothing to fear, there is nothing to inhibit you. Absolute power has a similar effect, with demonstrable results throughout history. Very few people have the moral character and discipline to comport themselves in a civilized manner without an external counterbalance to their impulses. Good point, but he takes it wayyyyy too far. Less emphasis on the landing page = good. NO emphasis on the landing page = bad. I had no idea what his site was about until I read the blog post. And even now I'm still not very clear on what service he actually provides that can't be accomplished in a facebook or twitter post: "BBQ. My place. Sunday at 6." The short answer: Security is HARD. The long answer: When even OpenSSH, a product dedicated to security, with highly trained, security focused minds, has new vulnerabilities coming to light on a regular basis, chances are this isn't an easily solved problem. There can be any number of reasons why a security hole exists, covering laziness, incompetence, ignorance, or simple mistakes. Unless you can mathematically prove the correct functioning of your program (no small feat), there are bugs in it, and chances are some of those bugs are security vulnerabilities. There have been numerous attempts at protecting so-called "data-only" memory, but thus far they have not stopped buffer overrun exploits completely. The only way to be more sure that your program is not vulnerable to memory pointer exploits is to use a language that doesn't expose pointers to the programmer. But then you sacrifice speed and executable code size. And even then you can't be 100% sure because the compiler and runtime have bugs in them. The more safety you bake into a language, the slower programs written in it will run. And even then, you're only safe until the next generation of exploits come out that take advantage of something nobody thought would be a security hole. And round and round we go. I've already had my fill of "idea guys". Somehow, almost every one seems to think that merely coming up with a cool idea while drunk one night automatically entitles them to 50% of the profits (after YOU build and ship it). A successful startup requires all aspects of a business: - leadership - sales - marketing - market research - competitor research - product research - product development - product shipping & deployment - contacts in key areas related to your business - strategic planning - financial management - employee management - investor management - lots and lots and lots and lots of paperwork - and of course a million other little things you discover along the way Some of this can be learned as you go, but the most likely startups to succeed have a large portion of these areas covered by the founders, at least in the book learning sense. So whenever I'm approached by an idea guy, my questions usually go like this: - "Great idea. So who else is doing it?" (red flag for "nobody") - "Who is going to buy this?" (red flag for "everybody") - "How do you know that [group x] is going to buy it?" (I'm looking for something better than a hunch) - "How much starting capital do you have?" (got to at least have ramen money) - "Who have you spoken to about funding?" (red flag for "nobody", unless they are bootstrapping with their own money and have enough for 6 months of runway and a plan for after that) - "Are you going to do this full time?" (If not, this conversation is over) - "What skills are you bringing to the table?" (Must have at least half of the list above, or have other interested co-founders who fill many of the gaps) So if you're looking for a technical co-founder, make sure you're bringing a business to the table, not just an idea. If you want the unix experience, stay in the shell. Use vim or emacs and become a passionate follower of either of those religions (but not both; nobody likes a cleverdick). Actually, it's hard to do powerful things in OSX without using shell commands, just like it's hard to do in any graphical environment. But once you drop to shell, it's all unix. That being said, use the right tool for the job. If you're writing mac or iOS software, use Xcode. In what way? Entrepreneurs are still failing and then eventually hitting home runs. Steve's full name is still Steven P. Jobs. And the US can still complete as both a low-cost and a world-class manufacturer. I see this as the open source equivalent of firing your customer. Just as there exists a certain kind of customer who increases the difficulty in running a business, so too there exists a certain kind of user who increases the difficulty in running an open source project. The project as a whole will be much healthier in the long run with the small percentage of users who generate the largest amount of grief removed from the equation. Richard is deliberately making things difficult for Firefox. It doesn't matter that he's "taking the time to highlight a bug". It doesn't matter what his street cred is. He's behaving like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. If he started stomping his feet and screaming at someone in my house for serving the potatoes too soft, I'd throw him out. For reference (firing your customer): http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2006/04/the_customer... All I know is that I was so deathly bored in school that I stopped showing up. It got so bad that they threatened to expel me despite my protestations that I was maintaining high grades without even showing up to class, and getting scholarships. Would I have excelled in a "gifted" program? Probably, provided the material wasn't so trivial, dull, and repetitive. Would everyone benefit from a significantly increased difficulty? I'm not so sure. Holding students to a high standard, and taking time to engage with them such that you earn their respect will of course raise student performance. However, applying the word "gifted" en masse simply dilutes the earlier meaning of the word. I'm far more interested in code that works when it ships than code that works the first time it's run. Code that works the first time it's run is magical, and therein lies the problem: Magic code is untested and unproven code. It offers a false sense of security, which is why it fills experienced developers with a sense of dread. Until you prove that code's correctness (such as with tests), it is almost certain that it has nasty bugs in it that your initial successful run haven't uncovered. So what does having it work the first time give you? Bragging rights, maybe, but nothing of any real value to shipping code. My point is that code that "works" the first time is at best a false optimization. It takes more time to prove the code than it does to write the code, and it generally takes more time to design the code than it takes to prove it. Syntax errors are caught by the compiler, and are very quick to fix. Semantic errors are usually caught by compiler warnings (provided you turn them on) and by static analyzers, and are also quick and easy to fix. Anything more insidious will not be uncovered by code that "works" the first time it's run, so you really haven't saved yourself anything. My mistake for assuming that HN didn't follow the Reddit pattern of downvoting anything that disagrees with the hivemind... And founders It's just a pain to bart/caltrain/drive every day. > I get on the plane and sit next to a guy who avoids eye contact, does not respond to Hi and then starts praying, seemingly detached from the reality. Shall I just ignore this and refuse to be terrorized? If you're freaking out at something as harmless as this, the problem isn't the other guy. This is the same kind of overinflated danger mentality that bars men from playing chess in a park near a playground on suspicion that they are child molesters. http://www.nypost.com/p/news/local/manhattan/kiddie_pawn_sho... Meanwhile, things that are orders of magnitude more likely to cause harm are ignored. Seriously, why are you all voting this guy down? He's expressing an honest opinion, not trolling. Just because you disagree is no reason to downvote, especially since HN fades the text until it's near impossible to read, making discussion harder. There are two kinds of terrorists: The desperate and the insane. A life of terrorism is very unstable, and usually quite brutal and short. The desperate join up because the only other alternative is rolling over and either dying or becoming enslaved in some way. Theirs is a rational choice. The insane are men who crave power to such a degree that there is little they won't do to secure it, but in order to succeed they need numbers. That's where the desperate come in. People prefer order to chaos. Order brings prosperity and security. But when there's no hope of prosperity or security, people start to look for ways to change the political landscape to improve their chances of surviving as a group. The closer they feel they are to having their lives or culture or way of life annihilated, the more desperate they become. (It's worth noting that you can manufacture greater desperation in the minds of people around a kernel of real desperation, which makes for an effective recruiting tactic, especially among the religious) If you want to stop terrorism, you must work to end the source of their desperation. Once you remove (or diminish) the desperate from the equation, the insane will neither be able to form numbers of any notability, nor secure the goodwill of others. They will be treated as they are: criminally insane. I haven't accumulated enough frequent flyer points to downvote yet. Not sure (and don't really care) how many I need, but when I do get it in a year or two, I doubt I'd downvote anything except obvious trolls. The article itself argues that we consume music in a way that is fundamentally different from the way we consume television shows and movies, thus rendering the comparison invalid. The author begins by accurately portraying the general ignorance of the study of philosophy, and how this attitude greatly diminishes the perceived value of such studies. I was in agreement until the post took a sharp turn into veiled conspiracies, where those in authority are seemingly fully aware of how incompetent or corrupt authority can be undermined by questions, and actively seek to stamp out independent thought. I find myself even less in agreement when he uses Socrates as an example. Socrates was not killed because of his teachings. He was killed because he was a callous man who held little regard for the egoes he crushed by speaking truth bereft of tact, and in doing so made many enemies. The actual charges used against him were the same sort of trumped up charges you commonly see used to railroad a political enemy. Indeed, he was able to fully demonstrate that Meletus has no real evidence against him, but when you've offended the powerful who have influence over the proceedings, you have little hope of escaping the noose. When it comes down to it, Occam's Razor makes for an effective tool. Is this a great conspiracy against philosophers, or is it ignorance of philosophy, and thus its merits, leading to this careless dismantling U. Nevada's philosophy department? What mental gymnastics? We don't know what this DNA does, nor why it was useful in an evolutionary sense to keep it. > Also, I'm amused by an article about injustices in the criminal system where everyone pictured is a well-off white man. That is by design, since the stereotype for "middle class" is the well-off white man, and this article is attempting to motivate the middle class. Revolutions only happen when a critical mass of the middle class switches sides. What does this have to do with the blog post? Because we all know that engineering doesn't exist outside of building web apps. It comes down to a question of culture. In many organizations I've been a part of: * Asking is regarded as an admission of failure (and failure is regarded as a bad thing). Asking more questions (or even worse, clarification on an answer) can jeopardize your standing among your bosses, and, by virtue of the culture they cultivate, among your peers. * Missing a deadline for any reason is a permanent mark against you, to be trotted out on every review and used as a reason to keep your salary low (I actually had a boss LOWER my salary, at which point I left in disgust) * Reporting something done is an invitation for a dressing-down, where your boss humiliates you for everything not done to his satisfaction. And so, with a culture of fear firmly in place, the standard operating procedure is: 1. Never ask questions. Do a shitty job if you can't do a good job and try to cover it up as best you can, or better yet, unload the project onto someone else. 2. Never report something "done" if you can avoid it. This gives you some "wiggle room" when the boss comes down on you over everything that's wrong with it. 3. Never say that you'll miss a deadline. Cut corners if you have to. Miracles sometimes happen. Maybe this time you'll win the lottery. Now that I'm a founder, I'm working hard to undo that culture, keep fear out of the equation, and encourage communication and experimentation (along with the possibility of failure). It's amazing to watch someone go at it when they're uninhibited by fear. A better question is: If Steve Jobs started talking to you about a revolutionary idea that was going to change the world, what would you do? Chances are, you'd nod your head, smile, and go about your day. And then, a few years later, you'll hear about this super successful company run by some guy called Steve Jobs, and you'll be kicking yourself for not getting in on the ground floor of his operation. Except that you couldn't recognize that kind of success early unless you had experience investing in that kind of person. And you'd only hear about his smashing success, not the long hard road fraught with peril and failure that he travelled in order to arrive where he is today. Nothing comes for free. I'm saddened (but not surprised) at the negative reaction to the google boob picture. The fact is, there's nothing bad about that picture at all, and Tom is not a misogynist for posting it. Take a close look. There are 3 people in that photo. All three are smiling. All three are having fun. What exactly is wrong with that photo? Is it bad because it portrays the woman as a sex object? Why is that bad? Does it means that all women are sex objects? Obviously not. Does it mean that the woman in the photo is ONLY good for sex? Obviously not. So what's wrong with the photo? Is it because it encourages men to think of all women that way? Has any such sort of causal link been found? How many men at your office slap you on the ass on a daily basis? How many of them take you right there, on the office desk, just like in a pornographic magazine's depiction? What percentage of men behave like creeps? 1%? Do you honestly think that the only thing keeping the other 99% from going on a rape orgy is that they haven't been fed enough sexist propaganda? Do you think that the 1% would magically stop if you could just remove all material you find objectionable from the world? Who is to blame for the inappropriate behavior of these creeps? Licentious media? Just like violent video games turn our children into vicious killers? Just like marijuana turns people into psychopaths? If someone stabs someone with a kitchen knife, do you blame Henkel? If someone steals a car, do you blame Grand Theft Auto? If someone rapes a woman, do you blame pornography? Blaming someone else for a person's bad behavior is naive, childish, and dangerous. The person to correct is the person who committed the act. So what's wrong with that photo? Is it because its sexual nature offended some people? Some people are offended by a picture of two guys kissing. Should we condemn that too? Do you believe in the possibility of some women actually ENJOYING being treated like a sex object? If not, your objection becomes very understandable. It's fairly common to wrongly assume that everyone else thinks the same way as you do. If the thought of being treated that way disgusts you, then you'd probably assume that nobody in their right mind would enjoy it. You'd probably go through a laundry list of reasons why someone would participate: * She was coerced into it * She's not in her right mind * She was drugged or drunk The problem is that this line of thinking leads to the misogynistic view that women are somehow incapable of making their own decisions (we see this already in legislation that excuses the woman for having sex while drunk, but not the man). Suddenly, woman is a poor, defenseless creature who must be protected from everybody, especially herself. So what's wrong with that photo? All three members are consenting and enjoying themselves. Who are you to criticize their choice? Therein lies the problem. I haven't seen sexism in the workplace. I'd certainly condemn it if I did, but I haven't. Is that still not enough? Should I carry around a placard denouncing the sexists everywhere I go? Should I just take the word of someone who got burned by something that there's a huge problem, without anything beyond anecdotal evidence to back up the claim? Should I do the same for racists? How about homophobes? How about bullies? How about people who leave stuff to rot in the communal fridge? Am I anti-gay because I don't attend gay rallies? Am I complicit in animal cruelty because I don't volunteer for the SPCA? Am I anti-veteran because I don't help out at the local homeless shelter? Come to my workplace and point out the sexism, and I'll act to stop it. Otherwise, don't paint me with your brush. This whole "If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem" attitude is getting old. That's my point. There are a million different causes I can become a part of. What makes sexism so special that I must pay special attention to it? Every example given so far has been rather obvious to recognize as inappropriate behavior. Like any other inappropriate behavior, I'll deal with it as it comes. But I'm certainly not going to champion the cause, and you certainly have no right to criticize me for refusing to do so. > On the contrary, I have every right to criticize you for doing so. Why wouldn't I have that right? This is either: 1. Someone facetiously arguing semantics. 2. Someone who believes that their pet cause trumps all others. Either way, it's a discussion ender. I hope there's an option to put the forward button back in. I use it a lot. Except that chrome's version obscures the navigation links in a lot of websites, which means you have to be quick to point and click in order to be able to navigate before the popup info tooltip blocks your click. It happens to me all the time when I use Review Board on a big commit (which spans multiple pages). Just had it happen now on the latest Chrome. I have to move the mouse around and play dodge-the-tooltip and hope I get lucky. Invention vs re-use. Unless the candidate is willing to take an honest, logical approach to this decision (involving defendable reasoning), I'd be wary. Is it a solved problem? No? Invent it. Is the solution available to you within your constraints? No? Make your own implementation (unless there's a way to acceptably compromise in the design). Is the solution cost-effective to use (performance, ease-of-use, bugginess, support, etc)? No? Make a better implementation. Otherwise just re-use an existing solution. When it comes to deciding whether to champion someone's cause or not, yes. How would you feel if someone started criticizing you for not getting on a plane to Darfur to rebuild war torn villages? How about your choice not to get on a boat to blockade tankers? How about your choice not to hand out flyers for the SPCA? How about your choice not to partake in attempts to pierce Gaza blockades? I could name many more causes you're guilty of not partaking in. The question actually is: Are YOU justified in criticizing others who don't share your zeal in a particular cause? Because by judging others, so too are you judged. This smacks of a "kids these days" article. I remember similar articles in the 80s and 90s bemoaning how "programmers these days" didn't know how to use a protocol analyzer or logic probe, or didn't know that xor made for a faster register clear operation (or moveq for 68k fans), or any other number of esoteric trivia that, while useful in context, did not usually contribute significantly towards a programmer's ability to get the job done. My first debugger was an in-circuit-emulator for a Z80. It was the size of a small television set, had a crappy UI, and limited functionality. Today's debuggers can be hosted on the system itself, and have become so powerful that most people don't know how to use them to maximum effect (myself included). IDEs check your code as you type. No more writing something in VI, compiling, tracking down the cryptic error messages your compiler spat out and trying to figure out where the REAL error is because the compiler is dumb. You're shielded from the ugliness underneath, and for 99.9% of cases that's more than enough. Do "kids these days" really need to know the sound of a hard drive dying? The last drive I heard going bad was in the 90s. Since then drives have become so quiet that you'd need a stethoscope to even hear the arm thrashing (which is why I use RAID). And how useful is the knowledge that you can open up a frozen drive and spin it up with your finger going to be as disks are replaced by SSDs? We live in the future, where things have gotten a LOT better. Do the new batch of developers really need to know assembly language? After moving to "fluffy" languages, I only twice found need to use it (once to disassemble a stack dump from a JNI crash, and once to monkey patch a buggy device driver). Twice in all my years since using Java, Python, PHP, Objective-C, Scheme, COBOL, VB, and C#. Was it damn handy to have the right skill at an opportune time? Hell yeah. Does EVERYONE need this skill? Hell no. How about bit packing? Memory has become so cheap and plentiful that even routers come with 16MB or more. Beyond low level networking and peripheral protocols, what use is there in packing up bits and coming up with clever encoding schemes that make for complicated (and potentially buggy) codec routines? Saving one byte in a packet header is hardly the triumph it once was. All the "kids these days" need to know is their algorithms, profiling, debugging, multithreading issues, and how to write well structured, maintainable code in their paradigm of choice. The rest is usually industry specific, and can be learned as-you-go. Don't worry about the kids. The kids are alright. Yeah, that's great and all, but the fact is, the percentage of female engineers is very low to begin with, and in today's environment where talented and available engineers is incredibly low, you simply don't have the luxury to pass on qualified applicants in the hopes that someone who meets your "diversity quota" will show up. I look for the following when hiring: - Aptitude: Can they do the work? - Attitude: Are they excited about what we do and the position being offered? - Flexibility: Are they prepared to step outside the "role" and help out in areas that we don't have fully covered? - Creativity: Are they going to come up with innovative solutions to the various problems we'll face going forward? - Intelligence: Can they learn new things quickly? Things have a habit of changing fast in a startup. - Maturity: Can they behave professionally towards everyone else and keep the work environment a safe, healthy place? If an applicant meets these criteria, we don't stop to see what "group" they belong to; we snatch them up with all speed before someone else does! tl;dr Author didn't like his Android phone, therefore nobody will like their Android phone. It doesn't matter where you live so long as you can be there during a similar timeframe as the rest of the founders. All startups are recruiting to varying degrees, but recruiting the right people is hard, and so we tend to prefer recruiting through contacts. From a job seeker's position, getting involved requires contacts in order to reach founders, and contacts come from socializing. Go to some of the many startup mixers that happen in the area and get to know some influential people. They're the ones who will introduce you to the right founders. tl;dr: Blogger doesn't like bad arguments from obnoxious atheists, so he counters with some of his own. I think the real insight is sorely absent from the article. It seems that most people who undergo higher education do so with the expectation that it will lead to a "higher" job, and that's magical thinking. Sure, higher education is pretty much a requirement for certain classes of jobs, but it's not the only requirement, and it pales compared to the most important requirement: contacts. This is a human world we live in, and humans by nature are friendlier to someone they know than to someone they don't know. I, too, once believed in the entitlement that an education "should" bring, until I looked back at all of the jobs I landed (and the thousands I didn't), and realized that every single job I successfully interviewed for was a direct result of a contact in my network. This is even more important in times of recession, because you're up against a whole army of faceless job seekers, all flooding potential employers with pieces of paper and lamenting the lack of response. If an employer can't put a face to your name, you stand as much a chance of getting in as winning the lottery. It's not really a question of blame. It's terrible for all of these people to be trapped in a lie, but the fact remains that the only way out of it is to realize the truth of the matter and change course. Life never feels sorry for you, no matter how much you've been wronged. That's my point exactly. Always be networking. You misunderstand me. I'm not saying that a degree is unimportant; It is VERY important to getting a good job. Avoid a degree and you hobble yourself severely. The lie is the belief that a degree pretty much guarantees you a job, which it doesn't. The degree is but one step along the way, but most people come out of school believing that it is the only step (followed by that magical "experience" that comes up with the rations), and so have a false sense of entitlement. This is a lie that, though not always told directly, is nonetheless communicated to all students as they pass through the hallowed halls, as they complete difficult courses, as they don the robes and cap, as they "climb the corporate ladder". It's a false sense of security because they've only done part of what they need to do in order to be successful in life, and they don't even realize it! So is it any wonder that uninformed and dispirited job seekers come at the world with plaintive cries of "I have a PHD in X and here I am flipping burgers!"? In short, your CONTACTS get you the interview and a sympathetic ear, and your education, experience, references and personality do the rest. Without the contacts, you probably won't even get in the door to show off the rest. 1 thing entrepreneurs should avoid doing: 1. Following a formula. Visionaries revolutionize. Analysts distill a formula from their success. The mediocre follow the formula and wonder why it didn't work. In order to change the world, you must have vision, ambition, tenacity, and leadership. Without these, no formula or recipe for success will help you. Success formulas should be taken with the same grain of salt as for case studies. They show how someone else was successful, and usually contain nuggets of good advice. They are not blueprints for success. I dunno... If I'm looking for a "low consideration" product, I just go for the cheapest one. They're all the same, so what's the point in going for a particular brand? This is where the "store brands" are nice. For snack food, I check for MSG, which, if present, indicates that they're putting other nasty shit in and using MSG to mask the taste. If it passes that test, I'll try any of them once, then stick with whatever tastes good and has the least amount of ingredients I can't pronounce. Or I'll just buy some trail mix (whichever brand they happen to have). If I'm looking for something I plan to use long term, I go to a number of trusted review sites to see what people are saying about it. I've switched between Seagate, Maxtor, Fujitsu, and WD many times over the years based on which company maintained quality at the time and which one cheaped out (once again, based on reviews from places like Tom's Hardware, Consumer Reports, etc). You'd be amazed at the swings in quality these companies have year-over-year. Same goes for Asus, Abit, Gigabyte, Intel, MSI et all for motherboards, Toyota, Mazda, Ford, GM, Audi, Citroen for automobiles. Glues, power tools, jackets, shoes, bicycles, furniture... the list goes on. If you're not researching them, you're gambling with your money. I could rattle off a huge list of advertising jingles I've heard throughout the years, but I've never paid them any heed in disposables (I buy the cheapest one), nor have I bought big ticket items without some serious research upfront. I'm already aware of how painfully unfunny they are, even with the laugh track (the ones with canned laugh tracks are especially aggravating). I can count the number of good comedy shows over the past 40 years on my hand, and only one of them had a laugh track (Yes, Minister / Yes, Prime Minister). The most important question is: How will he affect office morale? A hotshot employee is great and all, but if his personality problems negatively affect the rest of your crew, it's a net loss. Bad attitudes are infectious. What a terrible idea. I can't think of a worse morale destroyer than this. You may think you're checking commitment levels, but what you're really saying is: "We don't want you. Here's a paltry sum, now scram." If I were given such an offer at ANY company, it would raise so many red flags that I'd take the money and leave. I would have called bullshit on this until America imported reality shows. But even then, everything imported is bastardized in some way. For example, Japanese reality shows are about cooperating to achieve a difficult goal (and sometimes failing in that task). The sympathetic emotional content as you vicariously experience their trials and challenges is the appeal. American reality shows are about fucking each other over in order to be king of the hill. The drama of intrigue, revenge, and defeating enemies to reign supreme is the appeal. If someone needs to be persuaded to participate in open source projects, they shouldn't be participating. You participate in open source to fuel a passion. You do it as an outlet for your creativity. You do it to scratch an itch. You do it after looking at the landscape and saying "I could make it better". If you're doing it for fame, glory, or job prospects, you won't contribute anything decent or noteworthy. I would say that the best motivator for open source is the realization that you, YOU, can make a BIG difference in the world. Looking at all the big projects out there has a tendency to give one a feeling of inadequacy; a feeling that one couldn't even muster up enough talent to contribute to such a project, let alone start one. It's really a matter of putting your ego and the fear of bruising it aside, and diving in. You might produce crap and it might be rejected, or it might not get used at all. But no successful person ever succeeds without failing many times first. In a way, it's a lot like entrepreneurship. You need the fearlessness to say "I'm going to do this, no matter how foolish it seems." Great ideas always seem foolish compared to the wisdom of the crowd, but until you go in a different direction from them, nothing will ever change, and your life will remain dull and boring and pointless. Even if your idea really is foolishness (which often it can be), you'll still live the excitement of your new adventure. Life is too short to live safely. - Better GUI integration - Standardized and complete API going beyond simple libc and POSIX (which are quite long in the tooth now) - Access control lists - Nicer driver system and better driver support To name a few. Cheaper novelists. Like with apps, the new publishing model lowers the bar to entry, resulting in a substantial increase in publishing authors. Stop worrying about the opportunities you've missed. Concentrate on how to catch some of the myriad opportunities whizzing by right now. Utility companies need to block traffic in order to service the public infrastructure. Film studios need to block traffic because traditionally it's been the only way to get street shots, especially when large film crews and big name actors are involved. Both are special cases that require special consideration. What is the special needs use case for a shoe manufacturer? The biggest hurdle is awareness. You need to market the shit out of your product or else no amount of spit & polish will save you from obscurity and dismal sales. Most devs and artists hate marketing, but it's actually THE most important part of your business. If people don't know about you, they can't buy from you. That is definitely a possibility, but not the common practice. Most often, a feature is binned BEFORE any development occurs. In fact, I've only ever seen a feature binned after development started once. It was a feature that we decided was being introduced too early, required too much re-architecting, and wouldn't offer any compelling benefits to our customers. And it saved a LOT of effort and pain to cut the rope early. Binning work in progress is not a good thing, of course. It's actually a failure on the part of the manager. But just as you expect to be forgiven your failures, so too must you forgive others. > Scrum is designed to empower the business, not the developer. Scrum is designed to help you as a COMPANY develop a better process for getting things done with minimal headaches. If as a developer you're opposed to the company and its direction, why are you even working there? It's a question of priorities. Are you working to make a good customer experience or are you working to stroke your own ego? If you're not customer focused, you shouldn't be writing software for other people. > Now, it may be that stripping developers of power is the best way to create good software (we've all seen the god awful usability of some developer-created software). But let's not pretend that this is empowering for the developer, as the author suggests Scrum is. That depends on what you mean by "empowering". Do you mean it in the sense that the developer has the final say on what a program does (i.e. feature set)? Do you mean that the developer has the final say on how it is implemented (i.e. architecture)? I would argue that the developer should NOT have the final say on what a product does, but SHOULD have the final say in how it does it. Product designers decide WHAT it does and how it should look to the customer. The developer's job is to turn that product design into a reality using intimate knowledge of technologies and architectures, and alerting designers to the reality of what developing according to their design involves (time + effort), and coming to a compromise if it's too heavy. > But isn't Agile (of which scrum is part) partly about putting a product out there and seeing how users or customers respond. There is a built in acceptance that some new features are not going to work but you never know until they have been tested out by the end users. Absolutely. If you build something and it doesn't work for your customers, throw it out. If you can't handle that, you're ego focused, not customer focused. > That is kind of my point. Developers don't get the chance to write software for other people. They don't have any say how the software actually works, by which I mean the user journeys, the feature set etc because they have been reduced to simply turning the fickle ideas of product owners into a reality. It seems to me that you want to be the product designer AND engineer. That's fine since you have the abilities of both, but that's not the common case. The ability to write code does not magically confer the ability to design good products. And even then, scrum will help you because you can track the morphing of your designs into concrete products, do the estimation, prioritization, feature cutting, tracking, and do all the throwing out and redesigning of your own stuff as customers respond positively or negatively to your product refinements. And then at the end of it all you can decide how well the process is working in a retrospective, and refine it to work better for you. Scrum is a meta-process; It helps you BUILD a process that works for you, and provides a convenient starting point that works fairly well in general. I've failed at marketing 2 games, and then formed a company with other people, one of whom knows a few things about marketing. The key is to do something that makes you stand out. For the big players, it's easy enough to do by throwing your weight around. For the small players, you have to look for a hack; something that nobody else is doing. Something crazy that makes people look up from their humdrum lives and take notice and say "hey, cool!". Marketing is a continual task that never ends. Unless you manage to capture the mythical "virality" (which 99.9% of products don't), your sales will always be tied to your continued marketing effort. Mostly because geeks in general have no dress sense. I've made numerous attempts at dressing better, but the result is always "dressed to the appropriate level, but everything clashes or is just plain wrong". Maybe one day when I can afford to go to a mens store and say "Dress me and make me look good. I don't care how much it costs", I'll take another stab at it. Would be nice, if I knew how to tell the difference between "nice" and "ugly". It all looks the same to me. I'm still mystified as to how people decide that one piece of clothing "goes" with another, or looks bad with such-and-such. Yet another prime example of "Never assume that other people think the same way you do". You may believe that dressing "poorly" implies disrespect for others, but you're in the minority. Being offended over other peoples mode of dress is pretty lame. The parent post explicitly states that he's talking about "dressing well" vs "dressing formally" (weddings, etc). Also, he's not talking about dressing to the appropriate level to the social task at hand; he's talking about dressing to the appropriate level, but "poorly". That's a lot like a gym-goer looking down his nose at anyone whose abs aren't as ripped as his. People as superficial as that don't even get the time of day from me, let alone respect. "I find poorly dressed people almost as off-putting as catching a scent of someone who didn't put deodorant on seeing too much of someone who doesn't have the decency to wear a belt." Sounds pretty judgmental to me. Actually, I was keeping in kind with the parent post (i.e. focusing not on the level of dress, but simply how well someone dresses within the socially appropriate level). Some people are better dressers than others. Getting offended simply because someone's shirt "clashes" with their pants is as pathetic as ripping on someone because they can't do math in their head. Awesome! Thanks! I've made countless attempts at fashion over the past 20 years, but it's always ended in failure. The fact that people say my father dresses poorly (and I can't tell why) has been incredibly discouraging. Another poster mentioned that striped shirt with striped pants is a no-no. Why is that? Also, why are certain colors considered to "match" and others not? It seems completely arbitrary. Ugh... I'm already lost. Ok, so he mentions "warm" and "cool" colors. Since I burn within 30 seconds of encountering the sun, I'm "cool". Then he mentions seasonal colors, all of which he says go with "cool" complextion, which means any color goes with cool? I think I'm missing something here. I had someone once tell me I should wear "autumn" colors, so all of my stuff is yellow, orange, and brown, but apparently that doesn't work (or at least not always... There are some browns that work and others that don't apparently). My eyes shift between light blue, green, and grey depending on the season. So that means I should wear those colors, right? Are my eyes considered to be "contrasting" or "non-contrasting"? How do you even decide what colors are "contrasting" or not? Some other things: "Blue shirt + yellow tie is pretty classic, but disastrous if done wrong. A deeper,darker yellow more akin to goldenrod and a lighter blue is the ticket here." - Is there an official matrix of acceptable color combinations available somewhere? "Anything black at all should be a rough texture." - And yet I see so many people wearing smooth textured black things. Are they just poorly dressed? "Grey flannel trousers are the shit" - Umm... ok. Why? "One madras element per fit." - What's a madras element? Google didn't turn up anything useful. "Be cohesive and holistic. The whole should be better than the sum of the parts. Build an outfit, don’t just toss together flair." - Great, but HOW do you do that? "Don’t be overly matchy. “Close enough” is more charming and better looking than fabric shade OCD." - So don't wear colors of similar shade, then? "First of all, fit is kind and much easier to understanding." - Sorry, I'm not sure what you mean by this. "Second, how often are you putting together complex colour profiles?" - What would be considered a complex color profile? I have a closet with clothes of various colors, and I need to choose which shirt to wear with which pants/shorts/whatever. And I guess which shoes. So I know that not all reds are the same, and not all oranges are the same, and some reds go with some oranges. Problem is I don't know which is which; That's why I was asking about a color matrix. Then there's patterns, which are even more dangerous, because it seems that most mixes of colors don't go at all with most other mixes of colors. I don't understand how people decide that certain ones "match" and others don't. If there's no color matrix to show what works and what doesn't, how can you even know? Yeah. Right now I'm just going with jeans since everyone says they go with everything. I guess I'll throw out the colored and patterned shorts since they're more trouble than they're worth. "Fit is KING and much easier to understand." - Ok. I've ordered a copy of "Gentleman: A Timeless Guide to Fashion". So hopefully that will explain fit. Amen. Every group needs an undisputed leader. Otherwise they flail about and get very little done. CEO is the default name for that leader in a company, and using any other name would just lead to confusion when speaking to investors, press, clients, etc. A small company (1-10 people) usually doesn't need any other CxO titles besides CEO. Why do you have such a strong negative reaction to this? Seriously, your comments sound childish and insecure. Also, most side-view mirror blind spots are caused by improper mirror positioning. If you can see the side of your car, or see the same object in both the rear view and side view mirror, you've positioned them wrong. You should actually have them a lot farther out such that visibility in your side mirror coincides with losing rear-view visibility. That position is a lot farther out than most people think and is tricky to do the first few times. You must have used some pretty shitty IDEs then. I use IDEs for the productivity boost, owing to code completion, fast lookups, folding, integrated documentation, syntax highlighting, integrated build system, interactive graphical debugging, integrated source control, project based search, GUI tools, etc. Of course, all IDEs have their design flaws (like any other piece of software), but the benefits are compelling. Continuing: And so you start using your programming skills to travel the world while working, see some amazing places, but discover to your dismay that things aren't any better no matter where you go. But you continue writing your own stuff, releasing open source programs here and there, and then somewhere along the way you move into freelancing, which removes the protective layer between you and unreasonable customers. Tiring of that, you move into iPhone apps and discover that you suck at marketing. And then one day you find yourself living in San Francisco, founding a startup with a bunch of awesome partners, working insane hours, and having a BLAST trying to solve hard problems. There is much joy and wonder in this world; you just need to look harder. Meh. I got to day 25, but there were so many dumb economic choices it forced me to make that it was essentially impossible to win the game scenario. There were a great number of future benefit choices to make, but the game forces you to think only for the moment, which is the prime reason why poor people remain poor. Like, whoa! Suddenly $225 in utilities bills ($225? Seriously??? It doesn't even cost that much in Tokyo!) that I somehow didn't know about to be able to plan for. And whoa! my car starts acting up, and I can't even think to park it and take the bus for awhile until I can afford to fix it (you know, rather than running it into the ground and wasting even MORE money). And whoa! that leak in my sink has become a huge nightmare because I didn't handle it when it was a small issue and it was obvious the landlord wouldn't do anything about it. And why the hell do I remain unemployed for so long instead of taking some part time work to keep my savings up while I look for a real job? Seriously, a little planning ahead goes a LONG way. Yep. The self-made man would say it a certain way, and the sad truth is that most people lack the mix of ambition and discipline to look for, find, and work on ways to change their situation. For every rags-to-riches story there are a million rags-to-rags stories to match. Another person here mentioned people using check cashing services instead of service-charging banks. You know, as opposed to shopping around for a smaller bank or credit union that doesn't do that (another thing strangely lacking as an option in the game). What makes this even more pathetic is that the bank charge is usually LESS than the 3% they are paying from their paycheck to the check cashing service! Top it off with the tendency for poor people to withdraw small amounts of cash from ATMs and take the service charge hit (which, since it's a fixed price, increases the percentage loss the lower the amount you take out) and you can't but shake your head in disbelief. And don't even get me started on the massive amounts of money stupid people spend on lottery tickets... It's little things like this that make (and keep) people poor, and these things are so easy to avoid with a little planning and discipline. Wealth is a long term strategy that few consider seriously. And once you have wealth, you need to protect it from your grandchildren, because it's a well known phenomena for the first generation to make the money, the second generation to keep the money, and the third generation to piss it away. Not to mention the incredibly stupid modern practice of splitting the inheritance between your children rather than passing it in its entirety to ONE child. The point is that Apple has made the switch to lower cost OS upgrades while Microsoft has not. But then again, Apple has the benefit of being in control of the hardware, which makes up the lion's (haha) share of their revenue. Actually, no, since the display would be 80x24. There is a word in Japanese "tawake", which means "stupid" or "foolish", but the literal translation is "splitting the rice field". Every time you split your fortune, it becomes far less powerful. As generations pass, your "fortune" splits and splits until you've got a bunch of insignificant sums among your descendants. This is why the powerful families choose ONE child who will receive the inheritance, while the rest must make their own way. The common practice is for the firstborn to take the inheritance, but the best practice is to wait and see how each of your children deal with money before deciding. Actually, I am the second born. I am making my own way. So how exactly does this article square up with Steve's 2005 Stanford Commencement address? http://www.roj.com.np/life-inspiration/steve-jobs-how-to-liv... "About a year ago I was diagnosed with cancer. I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas. I didn’t even know what a pancreas was. The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable, and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months. My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order, which is doctor’s code for prepare to die. It means to try to tell your kids everything you thought you’d have the next 10 years to tell them in just a few months. It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family. It means to say your goodbyes." "I lived with that diagnosis all day. Later that evening I had a biopsy, where they stuck an endoscope down my throat, through my stomach and into my intestines, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor. I was sedated, but my wife, who was there, told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started crying because it turned out to be a very rare form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with surgery. I had the surgery and I’m fine now." He had the surgery. Successfully, as far as the doctors were concerned. And he lived the median number of years for those diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. This information was not hard to dig up. Stay classy, exit. The median number of years for those diagnosed with islet cell carcinoma. For the regular kind it's 3-6 months. The wording of their "backdoor policy" is ambiguous: http://www.f-secure.com/virus-info/bdtp.shtml "F-Secure Corporation would like to make known that we will not leave such backdoors to our F-Secure Anti-Virus products, regardless of the source of such tools. We have to draw a line with every sample we get regarding whether to detect it or not. This decision-making is influenced only by technical factors, and nothing else, but within the applicable laws and regulations, in our case meaning EU laws." So they won't leave explicit backdoors in their software, but their decision on whether or not to detect a particular malware is influenced by EU law. Actually, I believe the oft-quoted factor is 10x productivity when dealing with someone at this skill level (and from what I've seen in the field, I'd believe it). But that implies good architectural sense, which I'd test for before making a final decision. Barring any serious deficiencies, she'd be a steal at 2x pay. Well, it KINDA looked like stuff was being unblurred, but it's really hard to tell with the camera panning around out of focus. The only part I could really be sure was actually unblurred was the phone number. I actually like the fact that rm deletes files permanently. But then again I'm the kind of person who HATES the recycle bin/trash can system with a passion, and disable it wherever I can. When I delete something, I want it GONE. Not later when the system runs out of space. Not after I do a second "empty trash" operation. NOW. If something's important to me, I'll make a backup. Seeing a variable shadow something in an outer scope makes me cringe, simply because the decrease in readability far outweighs any benefit it could give. You might remember how things are, but the poor sap who has to keep extra scoping depths in his mind just to maintain your code will curse your name every day. The problem is that downvotes make the text lighter colored and harder to read, which is a huge motivator for partisans to censor things they don't like or find inconvenient. "By the time afternoon rolls around, you’re in caffeine withdrawal. This is often why people are sapped by mid-afternoon." Actually, no. You feel sapped in the afternoon because you need a 15-20 minute nap. That's normal. Take the nap and you'll feel energized for the rest of the day. It's not that hard. Just make a script to do regular backups to S3. Cheap and easy. Hell, just run the whole thing on Amazon. Unlimited private repos, reliable uptime & backup, and cheap storage. There's just something about an application that not only performs well, but also doesn't look like a Geocities homepage sprinkled with sendmail.cf, that makes me smile. Even so... Doing yet-another-incompatible-binary-format? There are a number of standardized binary formats that support all sorts of data configurations. Hell, use sqlite for all I care, but at least use a format that can easily be examined and manipulated manually when the UI inevitably breaks it. Conversely, I've never drunk coffee, or red bull, or genki drinks or any of that stuff, only drink tea on social occasions, and gave up soft drinks a decade ago. I eat right and am active. And yet I often find myself feeling groggy in the afternoon. But if I manage to get in a 15 minute nap, I'm energized for the rest of the day. This effect is backed by numerous medical studies. This is incredibly reckless and naive advice. You roll out when it least impacts customers because: 1. Impacted customers affects your bottom line. Minimize that and you minimize losses if something screws up. 2. Murphy's law. I don't care how much testing and QA you do; stuff will ALWAYS creep through, and sometimes it'll be nasty. QA works to minimize this, but it can't eliminate it entirely due to diminishing returns. Show me your guaranteed bug free deployed code and then I'll consider changing my view. 3. If you've designed and tested your rollback procedure prior to actually doing it, the chances of not being able to roll back in the real deployment is orders of magnitude lower than the chances of a failed deployment requiring a rollback, which in turn, if you've done your testing and QA, is orders of magnitude less likely than a successful rollout (but not 0, thus the midnight rollout). If you're worth your salt, you have a tested rollback procedure, laid out in simple to follow instructions (or better yet, an automated rollback mechanism with a simple-to-follow manual process when the automated method inevitably fucks up). You rollout, and if it fails, you roll back. And if that fails, you use the manual procedure. You should have the entire process time boxed to the worst case scenario (assuming successful manual rollback) so that you know beforehand what the impact is, and won't need to go around waking people up asking what to do. Actually, I'm glad you left it up. Otherwise I wouldn't have had the opportunity to read it. Of course it's impolite to use someone's name like that without clearing it first, but otherwise your greater message was spot on. I'm still partially mired in executing below my potential, but I'm working on it, and your piece provided me with more inspirational kick. Thank you. Also, I've lived the Japanese salaryman life, so I know how it tends to shape you and blind your ambition. I've done a number of rollbacks in my time (for enterprise banking systems). They work so long as you do a few dry runs first and have an audit system in place. The article kind of misses the point. The reason why people are leaving the Japanese phones for the iPhone is because Japanese phone interfaces SUCK BALLS. And they have ALWAYS sucked. I suffered through 5 years of one phone after another being such a terrible user experience that I think it scarred me for life. And don't even get me started with Sony, who replaced the perfectly functioning joypad in their phones (which USED to be the best) with that stupid "sony" sidewheel they spent so much money developing and insisted on putting in every product, whether it made sense or not. The fact remains, emoji ARE important. Easy text input IS important. Being able to pay for stuff at the combini with your phone IS important. It's just that having apps, and a UI that doesn't suck balls is even more important. iPhone took YEARS to penetrate the Japanese market, precisely because it didn't have the features that customers wanted, and they spoke with their wallets, buying the Japanese models. But now that app and smartphone fever has finally landed, people are more willing to compromise. But the point is, they SHOULDN'T have to compromise. That's just Apple deciding what people will use, even if it's the wrong thing. It's taking a little bit of good advice to such an extreme that what appears on the surface "visionary" would upon closer inspection reveal itself as insanity. Hubris has a way of creeping up on you when your power remains unchecked for too long. Yeah, Sony used to be good, but then again they used to make good products. Once their arrogance got the better of them, their products started to suffer. My first Vaio was awesome. Sleek, light, and fast. My last Vaio was practically useless out of the box. It took me 3 HOURS to remove all the crapware they loaded into it, which slowed it down so badly that it was almost unusable. Oh, and it had that stupid useless Sony sidewheel on it, and their incompatible-because-we-said-so memory stick port too. I shudder to think of how the average user would endure with such a monstrosity. In this case, it's a problem of Apple being a regional company. They think only in regional terms, completely ignoring what people in other countries consider to be important. And their market penetration suffers heavily as a result. If that's not enough reason to stop forcing compromise on your customers (ESPECIALLY with so many competitors in the space), I don't know what is. They always seem biggest before they fall. I'm mostly in agreement, but maybe it's just because I don't have much use for a smart phone. I don't text. I don't IM except at work, and emails can wait till I get home. It is handy to have a web browser for when you absolutely must look up something on the go, but honestly that doesn't happen often enough to warrant a hefty data plan. Yeah, I don't have a data plan. I look for free WIFI if I need internet. So what else is there? Reading books? I do read books on it (while on the go), but it's generally an unpleasant experience because the screen's so small that it renders everything at the subpixel (read: blurry) level and I spend all my time either squinting or doing zoom-in-and-pan. Tablet? No, thanks. If I wanted to lug something big around, I'd take my laptop with me. It's far more versatile. Games? Meh. I still haven't found any really compelling smartphone games. And really, if I wanted to play games, I'd just play them on my laptop or desktop, which have better specs and bigger screens and better input systems. Camera? Well, I've taken some photos with it, but I don't use it often. I suppose it could come in handy for that one time when i REALLY need to take a picture. The things I DO like are: * note taking * voice recording * learning apps * Being able to transfer stuff onto and off the phone without too much hassle Aside from that, there's not much I find compelling. Sure it's not as convenient to look for wifi, but when I did have a data plan, the actual number of times I'd look something up on the go was so low that it worked out to about $5 per thing looked up. That's just not a cost of convenience I can justify. Once I cancelled the plan, I soon realized how little I actually NEEDED to look something up on the go. It's a lot like how I got rid of my car and all associated expenses after realizing how little I actually drove it. Now, if I need a car, I'll rent one. That's only happened once so far. Regardless of whether this story is true or not, it's sad to see dedication to work and devotion to the company over all else idolized to such a degree. The only other place I've seen this is in Japan. I'm pretty sure someone's taking the piss, but I won't be completely certain until I start hearing reports to the effect that his last words were "I wish I'd spent more time at the office". The biggest thing employers look for is: Can you get shit done? Do you finish what you start? Do you have the staying power to see a project through? Do you care enough to make sure your shit is high quality, rather than barely passable? Quitting school just because it's hard, and not caring about succeeding in your ventures does not send a positive signal to potential employers (especially start-ups, which are made up of people who endure incredible stress and hardship and do all sorts of things they don't like to in order to succeed because that's what it takes). Because he doesn't know everything, obviously. But by the time you've given your presentation, in which you've thoughtfully omitted the long winded explanations that you'd give to someone who knows nothing about the subject, he'll have deeper insight into what you've presented than you do. And that's the true mark of intelligence. Actually, that's very apt. It's a way of justifying your preconceived notions without actually testing and (in)validating them. When the police ask you if your hard drive is encrypted, the correct response is "I'm sorry, but I'm not going to answer your questions." Yes, it's true that most, if not all, translation agencies are terrible. But if you want to set your company apart from the pack in terms of quality, please make sure that your own rant about poor translation services doesn't contain copious amounts of grammatical errors. Correction: BAD copy/paste is one of the cancers of our profession. Like all tools, it has its place, and there are people who tend to misuse it. Just because it's misused by bad programmers is no reason to deprive GOOD programmers of its benefits. You might as well ban screwdriver heads in power drills because lots of clumsy, inattentive people tend to strip screw heads with them. Similar misguided calls-to-arms have been raised over other useful tools such as preprocessor macros and goto. Good copy/paste: Anything boilerplate such as manually initialized structures/arrays of stuff, language-specific boilerplate (Java comes to mind here) that is essentially the same repeated shit but you gotta do it anyway, unrolling loops, setting up switch statements. Anything unavoidable (or too expensive to refactor) that's repetitive. Preprocessor macros: Code generators, compile-time switchable code (such as logging) without filling your source files with #ifdefs Goto: Managing complex resource allocation/deallocation within a function: bool success = false; int fd = -1; char* memory = NULL; fd = open(filename, "rb"); if(fd == -1) { LOG_ERROR("Could not open %s: %s", filename, strerror(errno)); goto done; } memory = malloc(BUFF_SIZE); if(memory == NULL) { LOG_ERROR("Out of memory"); goto done; } for(blah blah blah) { if(failed to read or whatever) { LOG_ERROR("It's borked"); goto done; } } ... success = true; done: if(memory != NULL) { free(memory); } if(fd != -1) { close(fd); } return success; I disagree that dismissing a tool out of hand as an "abomination" is a commendable approach. If you take that attitude (or instill it in others), you'll probably never learn the proper use of such a specialized tool, leaving you ill-equipped to deal with the situations those tools handle well. Finish college. You NEED that theory stuff. If you don't get it now, it will stunt your growth and will limit how good you'll get at your craft (mainly because you'll keep making rookie mistakes for the rest of your life because you won't understand the theory behind what you're doing). Quitting something just because it's hard is a very bad habit to get into. All it does is keep you on the bottom rung for the rest of your life. The good things are hard to get. That never changes no matter your age or station in life. If you really want to do well in life, start researching companies now, while you're still in school. Find out what they're doing. Find out who they're looking for. Get contacts within those companies and talk to them. Build up a contact network. It's WHO you know that gets you in the door, and WHAT you know that keeps you going. "your language is bad. Switch to a better one" All languages have boilerplate somewhere. It's unavoidable. Switching languages just because there are pain points is not a solution, because you'll simply be exchanging one problem for another. "or modify the front-end of your compiler" This is most definitely pie-in-the-sky. In the real world of real business, you can't do this. "I mean it, the cost of boilerplate is really high." Oh, I agree wholeheartedly. But you need to work in the languages that programmers understand today. I'm not going to have nearly as much success hiring smalltalk programmers as I would have hiring Python programmers, for example. "Unrolling loops: I never saw an instance where that was necessary." I have, but then again I've been at this for 20 years. "Plus, the compiler can often do it for you." You can't be sure until you look at the disassembly. Often, it does it wrong. "Switch statement: the syntax of the construct is heavy, we should lighten it." That's not going to happen within the next decade. Meanwhile cut & paste is my tool of choice to cut through the boilerplate. "Goto: your example shows exceptions (try…catch finally here). Goto makes much less sense when you have them." But it makes LOTS of sense when you don't have them. And it's still useful in C++ and Objective-C, where you still end up interfacing with C libraries. If you don't know about the goto "poor man's exception", you'll either end up with repeated and buggy deallocation code, or a monstrosity of nested scopes, or a bunch of check-return-and-throw constructs, which in the case of Objective-C will slow your program way down because it implements try/catch using longjmp. Goto is also useful for breaking out of inner loops when the language doesn't support that (some languages support "break [label], to make it seem less like a goto). I don't consider these to be last resorts; I consider them specialized tools. Much like design patterns, they're for mitigating some deficiencies in a programming language, but they're only effective if you know how to use them. Most definitely, some of the stuff you're studying you'll never use. But a career in software engineering takes a LOT of twists and turns, ups and downs. Technologies and techniques come in and out of vogue. But one thing remains solid throughout: Algorithms. Without a solid understanding of algorithms, you'll never be able to write efficient software. And what's worse, you'll never even know why. You'll lack the tools to even be able to question why, until you study the algorithms written by the giants of computer science. They've done the hard work for you. All you need to do is learn the how and why. But it doesn't stop there. You also need to have a solid understanding of at least one level below where you're working at (and preferably many levels). I'll relate a small example: When I was working at a bank, all of our software was written in high level languages (mostly COBOL, Java, Python, and PERL). You'd figure that there's no need to understand CPU architecture, right? WRONG. We started getting reports that our web app (for funds transfers) was crashing (not the regular Java crash, where the app keeps going; the hard crash where the entire web app goes down and has to be restarted). Needless to say this was costing us a lot of money in lost business. All we had was a Java crash report with a stack trace that went into a JNI call. At this point, it's outside of Java, so the trail ran cold. Or did it? One nice thing about Java crash reports is that they include a memory dump of the stack area, as well as a dump of the CPU registers. I know software and hardware top-to-bottom, from transistors to logic gates, to CPUs & machine language, through the BIOS, kernel, OS, libraries, all the way to the application level. It wasn't that difficult to trace back through the stack in the memory dump, disassemble the shared library that JNI was calling (a library for secure thumbprint recognition), and use the stack offsets to track execution right up to the memcpy() call that was being passed a NULL pointer (the thumbprint recognizer code returned NULL if the scan was incomplete, and the the library wasn't sanity checking the result before making a copy of the scan buffer). I was able to turn the library vendor's story around from "It's a problem on your side" to "We'll have a fix out for you in a couple of days". I was the ONLY person in the company capable of doing this, simply because I paid attention in college. The knowledge I leveraged to fix the problem was seen as pure magic by other engineers because they didn't understand the theory and lacked even a way to ask the right questions, let alone answer them. Finding the answer is easy; It's finding the question that's hard. So yeah, you can skip college and live a life of mediocrity. It pays pretty good, too. But you'll always be on the bottom rung. You'll be the guy who gets work in good times, and then gets laid off in bad times. When the market's hot (like it is now), companies tend to get driven to desperation, taking any programmer with a pulse. And then the bubble bursts, leaving all these now-jobless mediocre programmers asking "Why me?" when it's really their own fault. If you're serious about programming, you'll take the time to learn. The best programmers never stop learning new things, and never stop reading new books. College is merely the beginning of learning & knowledge. Which is why you shouldn't be using such a dangerous service when living check to check. Go to a bank machine, inquire about your current balance, and then extract cash to make your purchases with. Banks may be predatory with fees, but really it's your own responsibility to avoid this trap, and it's not even that hard to do. You can also join a credit union. Downvote all you like, but so long as your response to getting screwed is "I always get screwed by these evil people" rather than "Shit, they got me. I'm going to take steps to protect myself.", you'll forever be a victim. I used to suffer the same mentality until I finally woke up and started to take responsibility for my own future. Things happen to victims. Victors make things happen. The fact that banks collected 38 BILLION from customers in overdraft fees would seem to suggest that people AREN'T choosing to change their habits, even on such a simple thing as this. Yes, by all means, make the banks stop gouging people like that (especially maximizing fee collection by ordering largest-to-smallest). But really, once you've suffered overdraft fees once, there's no excuse for suffering it again and again; especially not when there's such a simple solution as cash. As George W. Bush once said, "fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — You can't get fooled again." Yes, that's definitely evil. Mind you, you're not falling victim to that ploy again and again. Millions of others are. So keep enough in your account to deal with those bills. Really, you should know how much your monthly utility bills are, and budget for them. All I'm hearing are excuses to make changing your situation someone else's responsibility. Influence? Of course. You influence people, so influence is politics. Politics is perception. Shape people's perception and you gain their power for your own use. Personal success? That's a personal thing. Not everyone wants to be a big time leader. Science & engineering open up new possibilities, but nobody will go there unless someone of influence herds them into it, so it's a symbiotic relationship. The problem comes when the influencer goes astray and in doing so leads others astray. And there are plenty who have no social graces. What of it? If you book a speaker without researching them, you have only yourself to blame when things go wrong. Start researching the art of negotiation. Buy no less than 3 books on the subject and read them cover-to-cover. You will then be prepared to sell your business at a good price. It's actually kind of funny... I had a Klout score of 1 for the longest time, and now suddenly it's 21 despite never doing anything. Are you sure? It sounds counterproductive to deliberately tie up a socket and process with artificial delays since it would leave the server less able to service other requests. I had extremely slow page load times on HN for the past few weeks but since the beginning of this week it's been fast & snappy. That's a much nicer response than "Don't hold your phone that way." So I could very well have been in a slowban all this time... Which means that I shouldn't say anything controversial for fear that the downvotes will lead to a slowban. If that's true, I'm liking HN less and less. "We're middle-men (and women), glorified translators" By that rationale, teachers are glorified dictionaries, accountants are glorified calculators, and lawyers are glorified secretaries. "Programmers don't 'unemploy' people" Bullshit. If I build an automated fraud detection system for a bank and they lay off 50 people in charge of fraud detection after it goes live, I most certainly made their jobs redundant. If I build a more efficient control system for an automobile plant, and they lay off operators as soon as it goes live, I've certainly made their jobs redundant. Efficiency kills jobs by definition. You only create more jobs when you start in a new area, or as a competitor. And even then it's only temporary until efficiencies kill those jobs as well. "As a ground rule, as long as you are calling other peoples modules you're not yet programming" Then, as a ground rule, as long as you're drawing triangles, arches, and straight lines, or using a CAD program, you're not yet architecting. As long as you're using 2x4s or windows made of glass you didn't blow yourself to build a house, you're not yet building. Why does everything have to be built fron scratch in an intellectual vacuum in order to be "real"? Isn't the whole point to stand on the shoulders of the giants who came before? "Whether you use the word programmer to describe yourself or not has very little to do with what your bank statement tells you at the end of every month." Actually, it has a LOT to do with what your bank statement tells you at the end of the month. The world runs on respect. And respect comes from other people. Give yourself a title that engenders respect and you'll find yourself able to negotiate FAR better deals for yourself than you would with a less respectable "I'm-just-a-replaceable-cog" title. "And in such places (and unfortunately also in quite a few smaller ones) the market value of what a person doing your work is charging is what will determine your pay" No, the market value of a person with your TITLE is what will determine your pay, unless you're known to be a pushover who accepts promotions without pay increases. And if such a 'promotion' happens, you gladly accept it anyway, and then leave 6 months later with your new title to leverage a better salary. Yeah, some people are genuinely racist, but the fact is that most aren't. What most people incorrectly call "racism" is actually culture fit issues. When someone's culture is sufficiently different from yours, it becomes enough of an unknown to engender fear. And fear due to the unknown leads to paranoid thought, usually at the subconscious level. For example, if you get a job candidate whose demeanor screams "from the hood", you'll definitely pass him/her over. The last thing you want is for them to start a fight over "respect", or bring some "friends" over to rob the place (deliberate hyperbole, yes, but this is how the subconscious works). Similarly, anyone who has had much contact with Indian culture will know that fraud and corruption are tolerated far more readily than they are in the West. This means that you need to be on your guard lest the person of that culture starts behaving as if in that culture. I've seen it happen enough times in my own experiences, so this is not just idle speculation. This is also why second gen people have a much easier time of it. You may argue that you shouldn't "sell out" on your culture just to get ahead ("acting white", for example). I would argue that in remaining "true to your roots", you hobble yourself by deliberately refusing to make it easier for the majority to accept you. I've lived on both sides of this issue. I've seen actually racist people, but far more often I've seen people who are afraid of the cultural divide, and move to protect themselves accordingly. I've also seen people change their own culture to better match the one of the majority, and they made FAR better lives for themselves than those who refused to do so. Do racism and sexism exist? Of course they do. And in the rare cases where you DO encounter the real thing, it is your duty as a civilized person to put a stop to it. But when it's merely a culture issue, raising a stink about it will do nothing more than stir up resentment. It's always telling when people downvote, yet have no rebuttal. "Yes, efficiency kills (old, existing) jobs, but that gives new leverage to expand production beyond what it was before." This is moving beyond the original point, but since we're here... When increased efficiency kills jobs, the now jobless need to move onto some other form of employment. We saw this happen in migrations from farming to factory jobs, and now from factory jobs to service jobs. That area is safe for now since it's still hard to increase efficiency in services such as grooming, food preparation, entertainment, driving, and yard trimmers, compared with industrial production. So there's still a certain stability in the current system that is not disrupted by emerging efficiencies, but that won't last forever. Eventually, even the services industry will become efficient, at which point the trend of jobs becoming scarce will accelerate to the point where it becomes impossible to employ everyone, unless you start inventing "busy work" jobs or change the work-to-live dynamic. I'm neither calling it good nor bad; I'm just highlighting the need to come to terms with it, because it will come regardless of our preparation. I'm not calling it good because I just don't see the graceful transition occurring. If anything, I see massive upheaval because almost everyone will deny the reality around them until it becomes impossible to do so. In a perfect world, I'd agree with you. However, we don't live in a perfect world. It's not an easy problem to solve, and certainly not something I could come up with a reasonable answer to in short order... One additional wrinkle will be the tendency of the poor to have more children than the rich, exacerbating the jobs-to-people ratio problem. Doesn't work in Chrome. That's awfully rude. Which part was unintelligent and why? Which part was poorly argued and why? "Hope that helps to clarify." Not really... I used some inflammatory language as an example of how paranoid thought would germinate as fear of an unknown brought someone to the extreme of the "what if". Kind of like how parents fears can grow into a near certainty that their child has been abducted by an axe murderer because he's an hour late coming home from school. The rest of the post is about fitting in so that you don't trigger that fear response. In essence, comporting yourself in the same manner as is the standard in business in the area you find yourself in (i.e. no surprising behavior). I've made a habit of taking this approach, and it's worked quite well for me. I also know a number of others who refused to do this, and are now bitter over the rejection they suffered (sometimes to the level of violence, actually, which didn't help at all). Click top link, follow the "App Sandbox Page" link from Apple's page ( https://developer.apple.com/devcenter/mac/app-sandbox/ ), get redirected to https://developer.apple.com/devcenter/ios/unauthorized/ One problem with sandboxing is that it stifles innovation. Many of the innovations in computers (dynamic libraries, drivers, plugins, screen grabbing, password managers, etc) came from being able to do anything on your computer. Once the sandbox lockdown is complete, you won't be able to invent new techniques that require entitlements the gatekeeper hasn't thought of already. The sandbox marks the end of the open system. Protecting users from malware is a noble goal, but I don't see sandboxing as an effective enough tool to justify the loss of freedom. iOS is still to this day being compromised with ease despite its massively locked-down design, and I don't see the cat-and-mouse game ending any time soon. In fact, the malware danger from email and web pages is FAR higher than that from shady apps. The motivation for the app store is purely financial, of course, which means that over the coming years it's in their interests to command as much control as possible, even to the point of eliminating unsigned apps altogether once the app store ecosystem is mature enough (plus it will allow them to finally kill Flash off all Apple platforms for good, as well as hobble all competing browsers, and, well, pretty much any software they decide to compete with). I don't see this scenario playing out well. Quick! How many redhead entrepreneurs do you know? Tick tick tick DING! Time's up! Don't know any, huh? What about Mr Brown? Oh, so you DO know redhead entrepreneurs. So you're just being dishonest! Obviously, you're biased against redheads then. It sounds just as ridiculous when you insert "black" in there. Sorry, my point was supposed to be that killing flash is one of the things that Apple wants desperately to do. I'm saying it in the sense that it's a BAD thing, not a good thing. Same goes for hobbling or eliminating competing software by banning it from the app store or playing by different internal rules (entitlements not available to outside developers, for example), or strategically refusing to grant entitlements from on high. Basically, Apple is doing successfully what Microsoft failed to do. The difference is that Apple is being celebrated for doing what Microsoft was reviled for attempting. You certainly don't hear mention of the Sherman act when Apple locks a competing app out of the iOS ecosystem, and I doubt things will be different in the locked down Mac ecosystem. What always amuses me is the tendency of some people to "censor" out profanity (f * vs fuck and s * vs shit), as if by not actually typing the word, the writer could write about profanity and yet not be "sullied" by it, or something to that effect. Seriously, loosen up. This almost puritanical aversion to profanity is unhealthy. Could someone please explain what, exactly, is wrong with that page? I mean, other than the fact that it's full of ads. Edit: This is not a troll post. I really don't see anything wrong with that site, but apparently lots of other people do. Isn't this taking the Steve worship just a wee bit too far? In terms of size, they're almost the same (Objective-C classes are implemented with structs). In terms of speed, the difference is absolutely huge. You can generate a random number faster than you can make an Objective-C call. But, it's fast enough for 95% of things people do with it. When you're writing for underpowered chips, ARC is a godsend. If you're writing for a mac, there's GC available. If the exploit potentially allows downloading and running of unsigned code after release in the app store, how else could one prove that it is in fact a hole, other than by releasing it into the app store to confirm the behavior? No, he explicitly violated the rule in order to test the hypothesis that a security hole he'd uncovered would allow unsigned code to be downloaded after release into the app store and run on the device. The sane response to this would be "Oh, we better fix that. Thanks. We're removing your app BTW." The Apple response was typical of a bureaucracy. I wrote a blog post showing some of the bigger optimizations: http://codeinhindsight.blogspot.com/2011/10/down-rabbit-hole... Aside from the pokey NumberFormatter and "replaceOccurrencesOfString" calls, the biggest source of slowdown was the Objective-C calling mechanism itself. After that, it came down to minimizing even the CF API calls. They work fine, but they are generic routines, and you can get better speed by rolling your own specialized code for buffer management and such. In the end, the only thing I left to CF (aside from constructing the final objects) was unicode conversion. So what I'm hearing is that tenacious Steve failed a bunch of times before he finally hit one out of the park. Sounds like an entrepreneur to me. Nope. But I've certainly failed a bunch of times. And now I'm going for the brass ring again. Work within your means, but reach for things that are out of your means. Basically what I'm getting at is: He had greater means and so could take higher value risks, but the basic mechanism is the same; it's just at a different scale. In the end it comes down to having the vision and taking the risk. And one of his risks finally paid off. That is the essence of entrepreneurship, and something to emulate. Steve's "vision" failed him time and time again. He risked his own money and lost it. He risked other peoples' money and lost it. And then eventually he made it work. It doesn't matter that he leveraged other peoples' genius and vision. It doesn't matter that he stole everything. It doesn't matter that he was a little self-delusional or that he was an asshole. Under his direction, his "vision" finally materialized, and was wildly successful. Now I wouldn't say that being a narcissistic asshole is a good strategy or something to emulate (after all, nobody's perfect), but pursuing a vision through all manner of trial and tribulation is a worthy goal, and something to emulate. The people who make the biggest impact tend to be those who spend years, even decades in the harsh wildnerness, taking hits and taking falls, but never giving up because they refuse to believe that it can't be done. And then one day they do it, or die trying. These people look at a territory and say "I'm going to conquer that." Most people will tell them they're crazy to even try, and that it would already be conquered if it were worthwhile or even possible to do so. "Just till the land like everyone else does" they'll say. And then these would-be conquerors get some other key people to see the vision and the possibility. They all work hard, doing what nobody else is doing, or would even try doing. They fail campaign after campaign, but keep going, eventually seeing some success. And then one day the visionary stands on the tallest hill, surveying their newly acquired "unconquerable" territory, and suddenly they're not crazy, but genius. Because those three are not dead. Promotion is required when your competitive advantage is not great enough to beat out the competition on product alone. Zara's advantage is their short time to market, which allows them to respond to consumers faster, and an infrastructure that allows low prices with acceptable margins. Google has a huge competitive advantage in their rise to ubiquity in what was then an immature market. Such is not, however, the norm. You see a lot of this in the online space simply because it hasn't been saturated yet. That will change, just like it did with general stores in the Old West. Place? Well the place is online. But it's more than that; place is discoverability. A URL is a place just as much as a downtown brick-and-mortar location is a place. It's about how easy and convenient it is for the customer to GET to your wares, and in the case of a URL it's all about ease-of-remembering. Also, people in many non-US countries don't even remember URLs. They use gateway homepages that direct them where they want to go. Getting placement on that page is paramount to online success. I expect we'll see a lot more of this even in the US as content curation becomes the norm. Price? Price is, and always has been, a major factor. Price sets customer expectation. High price implies quality, which attracts a certain class of customer. Low price? Well those aggregator sites are also frequented by a certain market segment. If your product falls within that segment as well, you must compete based on low prices. So yes, the 4 P's are alive and kicking, and will be for the foreseeable future. Using isolated, raw time numbers is meaningless when talking about performance. What you should be talking about is how much time is spent in code RELATIVE to all other code in the critical path. This talk of nanoseconds and how they don't matter over X operations is terribly irresponsible and deceptive. What we see from the performance tests at the end of the article is that running an empty code block with exception setup/teardown takes twice as long as it would without exceptions. That's bad if this code turns out to be the bottleneck, since you could effectively halve the bottleneck cost by taking exceptions out. But even then, this is a flawed experiment, because you need to factor in the cost of what you're actually DOING inside of the exception handler (after all, nobody runs an exception handler with nothing in it!). If the exception setup/teardown code only accounts for 1% of the total execution time within it, removing exceptions isn't going to help your performance at all. Not only that, but you really need to be checking times when exceptions ARE triggered, as well as not. In short, performance testing needs to be done in an environment as close to the real runtime environment as possible, with conditions as similar as possible. Otherwise you could very well be wasting your time. So are exceptions expensive? Based on the author's own calculations, they can be if you have very little code within your exception handler. And if the exception can be expected to trigger with sufficient frequency, the exception catching code needs to be taken into account as well. So no, the myth is NOT busted, because the fact remains that exceptions can have a very real cost, depending on your usage (and platform!). As well, the rant on code style at the top of the article is flawed: "Why is this for(;;) idiom so popular? Not because it makes sense as a syntactic structure." It's popular because it has been used for so long that it has become an accepted idiom in C (and other C-like languages). It makes no difference how it originated. I've never met anyone who actually believed that for(;;) is faster or slower than while(true). Same goes for embedding assignments within if statements, the author's personal views on code aesthetics notwithstanding. Actually, that's just plain unprofessional behavior, and reflects poorly not only on the speakers, but on the organizers as well. Though I hear the organizers were equally concerned over what transpired, so I expect it was naivety on the part of the organizers in their lack of firm communication that professional conduct was a requirement in order to be a speaker at the event. Because it's offensive to women, as many have stated time and time again, and offending 50% of the population in a manner completely unrelated to the subject of conversation neither makes you clever nor witty nor funny. When you're in polite mixed company, you don't make tits & ass jokes. Nor do you go around tackling people, or belching the star spangled banner, or peeing in the water fountain. The same applies to speakers at a conference. There are expectations of minimally acceptable behavior in any social context. Racy humor is racy because it rides the fine line between the titillating and the vulgar. But that line is different depending on the social context, which makes it even more important to either get it right or not bother trying, because getting it wrong offends people and makes you look like an ass. Wrote the world's fastest Objective-C JSON parser last week: https://github.com/kstenerud/KSJSON Other, older things: ObjectAL, an audio library for iOS: https://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone Universal static framework template for iOS: https://github.com/kstenerud/iOS-Universal-Framework A great hacker demonstrates deep understanding. When you encounter a problem in your program, is your first question "How to I make it stop doing that?" or is it "Why is it doing that?". If you ask the former, you'll never be a great hacker because you have the wrong mindset. The great hacker strives to know not just WHAT it is, but WHY it is. The deep understanding that results from such an approach gives the great hacker a massive edge because he'll see opportunities that nobody else can, and will know off the bat what the fallout will be for any proposed solution to a problem. The great hacker reads tech manuals for fun. He picks up strange, esoteric knowledge because it's interesting. This trains his brain to pick new things up quickly, and discover patterns in anything he examines or does. The great hacker's code is as simple and elegant and readable as possible. When you look at it, it all seems so easy. And yet anyone else would have written something far more complex and error prone. A great hacker is a craftsman. His code is functional art. He looks back on his work with a critical eye, searching for flaws. That being said, real artists ship. Pages were superior because: 1. Scrolls were more difficult to handle as you read. 2. You could jump around to various places in a long book document, but with a scroll you had to manually unravel it to the point you were looking for, a time consuming process. 3. Books were not without their difficulties, however: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQHX-SjgQvQ But in all seriousness, the scroll concept works perfectly well, in fact better than the book concept, provided you have the right technology to drive it. And modern computers have that technology. I can use a search box to jump to wherever I want. I can quickly scroll up and down in the document using a scroll bar rather than paging through a book. "Which alternative is more probable? (1) Linda is a bank teller. (2) Linda is a bank teller and is active in the feminist movement. The vast majority—roughly 85 percent—of the people they asked opted for No. 2, even though No. 2 is logically impossible. (If No. 2 is true, so is No. 1.) The human mind is so wedded to stereotypes and so distracted by vivid descriptions that it will seize upon them, even when they defy logic, rather than upon truly relevant facts." Umm.. no. The reason 85% of people chose option #2 is because the answers were so poorly worded. They give the impression of an unspoken assumption for answer #1 that Linda is NOT active in the feminist movement. The question most certainly did not seem clear to me. And the assertion does not require more than half of female bank tellers to be involved in the feminist movement. Rather, bank teller becomes an irrelevant side-fact, and the focus of discussion becomes whether Linda is more likely to be part of the feminist movement given her being deeply concerned with issues of discrimination and social justice. Human language is imprecise, and comes with assumptions based on context and culture. The people who came up with this question succumbed to the false assumption that the majority of people would interpret the wording of the question the same way they did. Because of the flawed nature of the question an the incorrect assumptions of the test givers, this question cannot be relied upon to give any measure of the "conjunction fallacy". Actually, I would take it to mean that the wording has a huge effect on how people respond, as per his previous post: http://lesswrong.com/lw/ji/conjunction_fallacy/ Notice that in the jazz playing accountant example, 92% of people answered A, E, C. Notice now that in the gambling situation, only 65% of subjects answered 2. 92% for the "story" question, and 65% for the "hard data" question. I still look at the jazz question and read it through the cultural interpretation of A > E > C, despite it being incorrect in a strictly logical sense. That does not make my interpretation a conjunction fallacy, regardless of what the question creator intended. This only goes to show that the conjunction fallacy has no hope of being measured accurately unless the question is completely unambiguous in subtext (meaning that it doesn't tread upon cultural aspects of language, where people fill in the blanks and read between the lines). And even then, the dice rolling question, though devoid of cultural baggage, still might not be the best way to measure the conjunction fallacy. I know a great number of people who couldn't figure out probability to save themselves. This could have skewed the results higher or even lower, depending on what proportion of the test subjects could properly interpret probabilities. Now if this question were asked to statisticians, the results would be compelling. And yet we see this all the time, even in common libraries. I'd agree that it shouldn't happen, but the cold hard reality is that it does , and with shocking frequency. And when you're the poor sod who has to figure out why this legacy code you've inherited is so slow, it's common practice to look for bottlenecks such as these and find some way to tame the chaos. Nope. They're all cluttered. http://www.rakuten.co.jp/ http://www.bk1.jp/ http://www.goodwill.jp/ http://www.matsuzakaya.co.jp/ https://www.apita.co.jp/ http://www.minimini.co.jp/ http://www.nrt.co.jp/ Or you could whistle a 2600Hz tone. When I was a kid, I'd load executables into a text editor or hex editor to see what was inside. I quickly figured out how to identify uncompressed graphics and audio data by sight, and to identify various opcodes by their ASCII interpretation. It made ripping and patching a lot quicker since I could eyeball it first before deep diving, and made it trivial to find encrypted portions in the executable. I still do it sometimes. Another, less useful skill (now) was the ability to detect a failing floppy disk by resting my hand on top of the drive while it was reading. I also resurrected a couple of seized hard drives by opening the case and spinning up the platter with my finger, much to the shock and dismay of onlookers. Start charging more for your work. A LOT more. You want to be charging so much that some of your potential clients balk. Bear in mind that the "balking" rate follows a kind of inverse poisson distribution. You get the most price balkers at the lower price points (the cheapskates). As you move towards the sweet spot, the balkers quickly disappear. As you move further along, you cut off more and more potential clients, but it's far more gradual than the original uptick. Keep raising your prices until you're at a point where you're not getting more work than you can handle. That point is precisely how much your time is worth in dollars. It's not a question of how you rate vs other people. It's a question of how much your customers pay you. If they're paying you and walking away satisfied, you are a professional, not a fraud. You just need to get the drive spinning. The motor will set it to a constant speed, but when the drive has seized, it can't start the platter spinning to begin with. However, once you open the drive, you have VERY limited time to copy the data off since it's designed to run in clean room conditions (internally). The biggest lesson I've learned in life is that you never truly shed your fear until you've fallen to the very bottom. The bottom is scary because it's unknown. Once you know what it's like to fail in such a colossal fashion that it ruins everything you've strived towards for years, it's not so bad, and not so scary after all. And as a result, you gain a much more balanced ability to assess risk, and become quite fearless in the eyes of others who have not had such an opportunity. It's a huge advantage. Meh. When I say "cloud", people understand that whatever it is, it exists "out there", and not in some server in the basement of my office or as an app they need to install on their computer/device. Nobody cares about the more fine-grained terminology, and in fact they shouldn't be expected to. This is nothing more than a purist rant. Rule #1 of programming articles: Be wary of anyone who states "always" or "never" or "harmful" or "evil" with regards to a code construct/idiom/pattern. What they're telling you, in effect, is that they know everything there is to know about X, and so you should trust their judgment and not think for yourself. And in every case I've seen so far (including the famous goto debacle), they have merely focused on their pet code, ignoring the actual cases where the construct is useful (most often, they'll include trivial examples when the construct is meant to be used in complex situations), and this article is no exception. When your argument becomes "we should throw this out because bad programmers use it badly", you have no argument. The facts are the facts, but one's "analysis" is always based on opinion. When you suffer from depression, that opinion is always biased towards the negative, and it's nearly impossible to get out of the vicious cycle, especially if your serotonin receptors or secretors are malfunctioning. Worse, you simply accept that opinion as established, cold, hard fact, which means that in your own mind it won't ever change (the world will always be a shithole. I'll always be a loser, Anything I try to do to fix things is futile because everything's so horrible, etc). "Great friends/family" just means more people to disappoint or fail in some way. "In the news" just means a bigger humiliation once you inevitably screw everything up and piss everyone off and let everyone down. Essentially, anything good in your life receives a negative spin, and anything bad gets amplified in your warped opinion. And that only leads to more despair, lower opinion, more despair, etc until it feels like the only logical choice is to off yourself. After all, you'd be doing the world a favor if you ceased to exist. All those people you wouldn't be there to hurt or let down. All the outrage you won't cause. It's a net gain, really. Does that sound fucked up? It is, but for the depressed, that IS their reality. News flash: Consumer Reports is not a cheerleader for the top selling products. They are an organization concerned over what you get in actual fact for your money. Consumer Reports is read by people who want to know all of the quality issues and hard facts about a product before making a purchasing decision. Such consumers always have, and always will be, a small market segment. This "credibility rant" reads like a sycophant lamenting those who don't heap lavish praise upon the popular kids. CR has plenty of influence over what sells to its target market. If this weren't so, it would be impossible for them to turn a profit. The author is claiming that CR is irrelevant and out of touch, and "demonstrates" his point using a market that CR doesn't even cater to. You might as well argue that Techcrunch is irrelevant because it doesn't cover the latest in housing and furniture. People don't want products; they want solutions. If you're building a product for any other reason than solving a real customer's problem, you're making a mistake. A true visionary solves a problem that customers don't even realize they have yet (and is only called visionary if he succeeds). My parents had a very laissez-faire approach to involvement in our lives. They'd have some family activities from time to time, but for the most part it was up to us to find things to do. We'd disappear in the morning and so long as we were back by dinner (mandatory family time), all was well. Sometimes I'd go check out what my father was doing in his workshop, and he'd show me how to use the tools or teach me the theories behind whatever he was working on (construction, metal work, electronics, magnetism, etc). It was up to me to decide if I was interested enough to try my own hand at it, and there was no fallout if I decided after starting that I wasn't interested after all. As a result, we've grown up to be independent thinkers. We don't depend on other people to give our lives meaning or to give us structure. And most importantly, we're all very creative. Kids will find things to be interested in so long as you don't smother them or stunt their independence. I just don't understand all the Flash hate going on. I can't remember the last time Flash killed my browser or OS. It's been at least 5 years, probably more. Flash was designed to compensate for the deficiencies of the web. That's great. Now that web technologies are finally catching up, Flash is no longer as necessary as it once was. That's great. So now we find ourselves in a transitionary period where HTML5 and friends are able to replace Flash in almost all situations. That's great. And for those remaining use cases where only Flash will do, well, it's available on all major desktop platforms. That's great. If you want to do something on mobile that HTML5 and friends don't support but Flash does, well, you're SOL thanks mostly to Steve. That's not so great. That's less innovative apps due to functionality denied. So where does this leave us? Flash is a mature technology that has served its purpose well over the years, and has started to gradually fade into the twilight as open protocols fill the same gaps it was designed to fill. Go ahead and use HTML5 if it works for you; that's what it's designed for. But why all the hating on Flash? It runs fine on my macbook pro. It drains the battery in some instances, yeah, but then again so do heavy HTML5 sites like turntable (which is currently taking 50% cpu, the most power hungry process out of EVERYTHING I'm running, all for playing music and displaying some 2-dimensional sprites and a chat room). What I really notice is that all of these web technologies designed to improve the user experience chew through multiple orders of magnitude more CPU than a native app. 2-4x more I could understand. Hell, I'd even settle for 10x, but when it's going over 100x for poster-child quality HTML5 or Flash sites (which are not by any means impressive compared to a native app), something's definitely wrong. Ditto. I tried calling Apple to ask them to move my account over to a US account, but they said it can't be done, then proceeded to tell me matter-of-factly that the best solution is to abandon my Canadian account (along with all my purchases), start a new US account, and then re-buy all of my apps again (and all this while implying that it was somehow my fault for moving to a different country). Apple is like the bitchy beauty queen who gets a pass due to her looks. Everything's peaches-and-cream until you hit a bump. Then the claws come out. Personally, I prefer Betty to Veronica. Ditch your superdrive and get a Zalman ZM-VE200. http://www.zalman.com/eng/product/Product_Read.asp?idx=431 I bought one a few months ago, then got rid of all my CD drives except for one big 5.25" internal CD/DVD drive with USB adaptor that I take out of the closet whenever I get a new CD that I may need in future. I convert the CD to an ISO, load the ISO onto the Zalman, then put the drive and CD in the closet. "You seem to think that the entire mobile platform runs iOS." It's silly to assume that someone on HN would be unaware of the players in the mobile marketplace. Adobe themselves said that Apple's move to block them proved to be the clincher: http://www.mikechambers.com/blog/2011/11/11/clarifications-o... Quote: "This one should be pretty apparent, but given the fragmentation of the mobile market, and the fact that one of the leading mobile platforms (Apple’s iOS) was not going to allow the Flash Player in the browser, the Flash Player was not on track to reach anywhere near the ubiquity of the Flash Player on desktops." Very cool in engineering terms, but the boot sound was wayyyyy too loud and in-your-face. After enough unpleasant experiences with turning the machine on without turning the volume down on my TV, I ended up modding my Xbox just to get rid of that bootup sound. Works for me. MBP bought last March when the first Sandy Bridge models were released. There are only two bugs in the code: 1. Setting the permission on the wrong thing (directory instead of file) 2. Setting the permissions to 666 instead of 0666. A design "bug" is only a bug if it was unintentional. The other two "bugs" are pedantry that you'd only expect out of a compiler that spits out tons of cascading "errors" resulting from a single actual error. Everyone needs an excuse to justify not measuring up to their own expectations, and group-difference excuses are the easiest to make because they don't require hard evidence. The only cure is to take a step back, admit failure, and learn from it. "Your practice should be personal, for you (and the big you) and should be a part of your Bodhisattva work, not a device used to enlarge your ego." Why not? People train at the gym to better themselves (and thus enlarge their ego). Why should meditation be any different? So how is this different from Klout's "high tech super-secret ranking algorithm" that everyone knows is worthless? Sure. For example: http://www.githire.com/user/tom3q has a bunch of repos and a score of 2.79. http://www.githire.com/user/ukanga has basically nothing and a score of 5.33. If it is, it becomes an SEO game, which defeats the purpose of such a ranking system. I'd rather hire someone who is passionate about something, designs well, and writes good code. Their page ranking doesn't help me with that. All I really see here is a "who's who" of the popular kids. Specialization is most definitely not outdated. - You can specialize in embedded development. - You can specialize in DSP development. - You can specialize in iOS or Android development. - You can specialize in Windows, Linux, or Mac development. - You can specialize in various forms of enterprise development. - You can specialize in web app development, using some of the various technologies available. About the only thing that has changed is that web apps make up a much larger segment than they used to. Web development is more complicated than traditional app development because your model is always served over a network and is few-to-many rather than one-to-one, you have far less control over the client environment, and the number of technologies in the space is still huge since there hasn't been a major shake-out yet. But even web development, big though it is, is a specialization. Programming + UI design is fine for a startup, but for a larger company you wouldn't want to do that. Hire a specialist for the UI and a specialist for the software development. What Wikipedia really needs is for a UI expert to step in and fix what is essentially a broken UI. Requesting a reinstatement of a deleted page in a properly designed UI should take no more than a couple of clicks and 1 minute of reading, tops. Navigating a twisted web of broken or confusing or incorrect links with walls of text at every step does not a good UI make. All of the UI frustrations the op experiences snowball into a frustrated response, which only aggravates and frustrates the editors who receive such responses. This, in turn, further snowballs things until everyone is aggravated, nobody wants to contribute, and Wikipedia stagnates. So, fix Wikipedia's UI. It's in everyone's long term interests to do so. "We use Wikipages as IPC for bots and users. We use Wikipages for user messaging. I mean it's everywhere." And that's actually a big part of the problem. You're extending a paradigm far beyond what it's good at. When you're researching, you're looking for all of those deep nuggets of information that you'll get from poring over reams of data. Those tangental links are a joy to discover. For a user trying to accomplish something quickly, however, it doesn't work. Reporting an issue, contributing to discussions or even FINDING them, navigating a voting page... Basically everything PROCESS related is a place where a wall of text is the most unwelcome thing you can be presented with. It's great that you dogfood; just remember that the old unix hacks ate their own dogfood too. But rather than make things friendlier for people, it just made the unix hacks more defensive about their unfriendly system. All process related activities should be a simple matter of a few clicks, regardless of what that process is. Making someone jump through hoops (beyond a simple warning page) as a deliberate policy is even worse than organically grown bureaucracy. Review the game right away, THEN put in the threshold control. Let the user decide with the price threshold what reviews to see. Once the price/quality falls within his criteria, he'll see the review. No, it assumes that user task design should follow the tenets of good UI design. What I'm hearing you say is that usability barriers are a good thing because they stop people who don't understand the system from using the system, which is the refrain of all defenders of bad UI design. We've seen plenty of disruption in the area of software UI design in recent years that disprove such a theory. I haven't made myself clear. I'm not saying that someone should understand what the CONTENTS of their submission should be with only 1 minute's worth of reading, but rather the ACTIONS the user must take from a UI perspective in order to go through the process should not take more than 1 minute's worth of reading. If the content of the user submission should be carefully thought out prior to taking the action, that's fine, but you shouldn't be deliberately throwing obstacles in the way just for the sake of slowing them down. What ends up happening when you do this is that knowledgeable people (who generally happen to be busy) won't bother contributing. I've seen this sort of situation occur countless times on Wikipedia (in general, not just with the deletion process). That's very cool. Right now many experts are turned off by the unfriendliness of the system as it stands today. If that can be remedied, it will be a great boon to human knowledge as we'll see an increase in expert contributions. Where in that entire article is type void* even being used? We must be, because all I see are pointers to "function returning void". Show me where the void pointer is. Does this mean that HP will be having another fire sale? Yeah, this is bad form on HN but I couldn't resist ;-) If it's only a liberal thing, then why was the bill submitted with bipartisan support? So why the talk of a liberal state? America is far more conservative overall than, for example, most Western European countries. What ever happened to "no"? If you want to generate documentation for your API, this won't work. Documentation generators such as doxygen require unique parameter names in order to function correctly. Slightly related, I'd argue that "animations" is very poorly chosen. A plural noun indicates a set or collection of objects, whereas this is a block pointer to be used for... something... It might be possible with Objective-C as well, but then you end up with it exposing all your private stuff (unless you manually mark everything internal as "hands off"). Not sure which would end up being more work. Furthermore, it means that the users of your API can't look at the header file (via CMD-click) for an explanation. Actually, no. While the money will give you the confidence to get what you want, you'll find that it was the confidence, not the money, that did it. "The Game" by Neil Strauss gives an engineer-friendly algorithm, and is a fascinating read overall. I just read the whole book. Here are my comments: 1. "Pilgrims." The author consistently makes comparative references to pilgrims to the American continent. This is disingenious. For the homesteaders, the cost of expansion was very low. Their technological advantage allowed them to drive out the native inhabitants with relative ease. Their infrastructure requirements were minimal, but most importantly, there was fruitful land to be taken at very low cost. Not so with seafaring. Your "land" must be planned and built up-front at substantial cost. Once you've built your "land", you're stuck with that design. You can't just take more "land", since it would require building an entire new platform, once again at substantial cost. What happens when your platform capable of supporting 1000 people can no longer support its growing population? Do you kick people off? Who decides who stays and who leaves? And who would be willing to live with the sword of Damocles over their heads, knowing that at some point in the future, they could be ousted by the council of elders, forced to leave their home and friends, to fend for themselves? 2. Maintenance. The author is very opposed to taxation, and yet the very nature of seafaring incurs substantial maintenance costs. Who will bear those costs? Who will collect the funds? How will you handle disputes over the taxation rate, or people who refuse to pay? 3. Wealth generation. This one was particularly poorly thought out. Tourism? The amount of space dedicated to tourism would have to be so huge to offset the living costs that I don't see this contributing in any meaningful way to economic surplus. Manufacturing dangerous goods? Space ports? Who would want to live near such places? All of the possibilities offered were of small economic value. Any balance of trade would tilt massively in favor of land based economies. 4. Expulsion. How and when do you expel members of the community? Do you write a set of laws, with the more severe prescribing exile? How about people who fall behind in their financial obligations (i.e. taxation) for one reason or another (for example, someone gets sick and can't pay their bills on their salary)? That works well for those on the top, but for those at the bottom of the totem pole, it would be intolerable. 5. Government. I realize that the author is a libertarian, but this worship of the "corporate" government as some sort of panacea is really naive. A corporation is a despotic form of government. Despotism is very well suited to small communities, but still suffers from the flaws of all governments: tyranny. Anyone who has spent time dealing with corporate politics will know how much it resembles swimming in shark infested waters. Political rot builds up, and is all but impossible to remove. Psychopaths make their way to the top and rule with an iron fist, making the company financially profitable, but a nightmare for those who work there. 6. War. The author glosses over arguments of war by hand waving that it might not be as bad as with historical autonomous governments, or that "war drives away trade". Historically, this has not deterred those who bear a grudge. Furthermore, outright armed conflict is unlikely to be the norm. Far easier to simply sabotage the rival platform, since damage to a sea platform is orders of magnitude more devastating than damage to land. 7. "You can just leave if you don't like it." This always makes me laugh. Leaving is not something simple like changing washing powder brands. Leaving involves uprooting your entire life, leaving friends & family, giving up all agreements, titles and numerous other intangible benefits, and then starting over with only whatever money you have in a new place where you don't know other people. The barrier is actually quite huge, especially when the community is small. It's even worse for people who are born on the platform, but don't agree with its politics. You know, just like libertarians who are born in a country but don't like its politics. You can always just leave, right? "I would prefer to deal with corporate politics over any interaction with the federal government or the state of California any day. Just going to the DMV is a nightmare." Yes, but this is not a problem of government type, but rather of population size. I've worked in 10,000 person corporations before, and interactions are so full of bureaucratic nonsense that it's amazing you're able to get anything done at all. This is a human problem, not a political system problem. Once you go over the human capacity to know everyone (107 people), you get bureaucracy. This is why ancient tribes would split soon after passing around 120 people. Of course back then the cost of splitting was low since there was plenty of land to go around, and you could just kill anyone who hunted in your territory without worry of an international community. "If you're talking about wars between firms, a much bigger problem is rival firms hacking one another's computer systems." Actually, I'm talking about destroying a platform's economic foundation by causing physical damage to the platform that's expensive to fix. A man made floating platform is far more susceptible to attacks of this nature than land based communities. Furthermore, a community with no form of taxation would be ill equipped to deal with this sort of thing since the costs could exceed the amount in the contractual agreement. "Yes, I left a lot behind, but I gained a lot more. In case you haven't noticed, there's a whole country built on this concept." What I'm getting at is this: YOU might be happy uprooting yourself and seeking greener pastures, but do not make the mistake of assuming that everyone else thinks the same way you do or would enjoy it if they just gave it a chance. The vast majority of people don't want to move. They want to stay right where they are. It's only when things become so intolerable at home that moving seems the less painful choice where these people move (and indeed that was quite often the case with people choosing the "new world"). You might argue that this sort of person wouldn't move to a sea platform to begin with, but I'm talking about people born on the platform, who wish to remain rooted, and know no other life. The author critiques the social contract with the following words: "Can we seriously say, that a poor peasant or artisan has a free choice to leave his country, when he knows no foreign language or manners, and lives, from day to day, by the small wages which he acquires? We may as well assert that a man, by remaining in a vessel, freely consents to the dominion of the master; though he was carried on board while asleep, and must leap into the ocean and perish, the moment he leaves her." I'd argue that after a generation or two of people born there, platform life will be no different. In fact, most of my argument is not regarding people MOVING to a sea platform, but rather for people born there, and what choice they have. I'd argue that her monotone, 20 questions-style responses were counterproductive. You can see her boss having to fish for information, when all she had to do was: B: So I was looking at the pages from this weekend and it looks like we had something bad on Saturday. What happened? W: There were too many queries failing in the Netherlands. I got a bunch of pages in the middle of the night and finally tracked the problem down to a bug in the new authentication daemon. B: So is it working now? W: It's working under a kludge. I wrote a restart script for it, but we need to get a patch to fix it for real. B: When did this start? W: Sometime before my shift. B: Who was on call then? W: S. He rebooted the machines and the problem went away, but it came back again during my shift so I put in the auto restart as a stopgap measure until we could get a real fix. Her treatment of S is harsh because she doesn't couch what she says at all to protect him, like you normally do in order to promote office harmony. It's obvious that she's frustrated from her previous dealings with certain people, and their alleged sexism (which, unfortunately, is not demonstrated in her recounting). Unfortunately, her response is to attack a hornet with a sledgehammer (with corresponding collateral damage) and then blame the result on sexism. Doesn't apply to me at all. Any emails I send to my closest friends rarely ever receive a response, and vice versa. And the volume of email is far less than 30 a month. More like 1-5. In fact, I have longer and much more timely email exchanges with complete strangers than I do with my friends. tl;dr "Yay! I trolled you! lolololol." Now take your place among the rest of the scum. That's your ego talking, worrying about what other people think of your choice. As you get older, what other people think starts to lose its importance. Having had 2 brushes with suicide, and multiple times being reduced to destitution, I've since learned that life is not defined by happiness; it's defined by experience. And pain is just as valid an experience as any. In fact, I'd argue that a life without pain is a life wasted. There will be joy and there will be sorrow, but every second of every day, your life ebbs just a little. It's barely perceptible, until you discover to your shock that 10 years have somehow got behind you without you noticing. And that's when you realize that it's far better to live a life of pain than to live a life of regret, or even worse, no life at all. A random chance ignited the spark of life on our planet. It's amazing you're even alive at all, let alone able to contemplate it. Life is allotted to you in limited quantity. Guard it jealously and live it fully, regardless of how it feels. There's no arbiter at the end, except for you, saying "I lived my life to its fullest." Mr T is amazingly cool. He always strived to be a good role model, and tried very hard to show that you can be cool while living with morals, that it's a good idea to finish school and contribute to the society you live in. It sounds corny as hell when you say it, but he made it work. I'd buy him a beer any day. That's opinion, and opinion shapes what reality you see. Changing your opinion is hard, but it can be freeing. Have a look at the OpenAL specification, section 3.4. http://connect.creativelabs.com/openal/Documentation/OpenAL%... "you don’t need to understand how the Inhuman Microphone works in order to use it. Just like democracy." It's shit like this... Good list. I'll just add that once your source code exceeds 5MB or so, you'll want the extra horsepower of a macbook pro or a desktop. Waiting for compiles destroys your focus. Would be more interesting to see values divided by founders, early employees, late employees. Exponential is the most "correct", but often it doesn't actually sound good in a game, so people will opt for inverse distance or even linear. Basically, it comes down to experimentation in your particular environment and deciding which model "sounds" best. Except that it behaves in a completely different way from CMD-Tab. Cmd-Tab once, switch to the last activated app. Cmd-Tab again, switch back to the previous app. Cmd-` once, switch to the next window in the current app. Cmd-` again, switch to the next window (not back to the previous one). This is incredibly frustrating, because usually when I'm doing this I want to switch back and forth between two open windows, not cycle through ALL of them! And I'm certainly not going to remember what "order" 5 windows are in. Also, having to think consciously about whether a window you're working in is within the same application or not to decide which keyboard shortcut you should use makes the whole keyboard shortcut a frustrating experience in OSX. Windows did it right. Alt-Tab switches to the last viewed window, regardless of what application it belongs to. Simple. Elegant. Genius. Ideas are not necessarily worthless; it's just that so many people place far too much emphasis on the idea with no consideration for the cost of execution. Unfortunately, the backlash to this flawed assumption has caused the pendulum to swing too far in the other direction, where "ideas are worthless" has become a sort of mantra. The problem with mantras is that they are oft quoted, but rarely contemplated. Ideas come to nothing without execution, but execution will have no direction without an idea to foster. The real problems come when someone trades the weight of the idea against contributing work. The extreme of this is an idea guy who "does the hard work" of coming up with the idea, then expects his partner(s) to do everything else while he sits in an armchair sipping a martini. Execution comes down to playing it smart, and wading up to your armpits in shit. Every founder must have something to contribute on a day-to-day basis to turn the idea into a reality. Every founder needs to do shit work. Every founder is responsible for the product, and must always be looking at it with a critical eye, and discussing any concerns or refinements. Of course, one person needs to be the final decision maker, but everyone shares ultimate responsibility. Execution and ideas are the chicken and the egg. A bad egg yields a bad product, but failed execution ruins everything it touches. Usually when I'm doing work, I'm switching between different apps, copy/pasting stuff (graphics, sounds, text), moving files or just referencing something. I do this far more often than switching to an IM client (for which I just click on the bouncing icon in the dock, then alt-tab back to my work). The problem is that I want to switch between a few windows that are not necessarily in the same application. In Windows (and Linux), it's a no-brainer. Alt-tab and I'm done. In Mac, I end up changing within the app when I want to change between apps and vice versa. I don't care if they're within the same app or not. I just want to do stuff between windows A and B and maybe C. Example: I'm writing some code. I look something up in my browser. I also have a second window in my IDE with some more code I'm using as a template for what I'm building. In Windows or Linux, it's very easy to alt-tab between those 3 windows. Alt-tab, Alt-tab-tab. In Mac, I'm always fumbling with which is the right key combination to get the right kind of window switching and is this a text wrangler window or an xcode window? Aargh! Thus begins yet another unendable initiative. Differences exist, therefore we say there could be inequality. Since there could be inequality, better to consciously bias against the alleged inequality, just in case the inequality actually exists. And since it's impossible to prove its nonexistence, better to simply state that it exists. After all, there HAS to exist some bias somewhere, no matter how significant. It's safer to think this way because you avoid being labeled as "against equality", and can enjoy life with the other "enlightened". I just call it pure cowardice. Right on! The last thing we need is more busybody do-gooders trying to fix something without sufficient evidence that it's even broken. What really gets my goat is how people willfully ignore or marginalize anyone in the "victim" group who doesn't toe the line. For example, look at the editor's note for this article: "Editor’s note: The following is a guest post by Penelope Trunk, writer and founder of Brazen Careerist. Her opinions are her own." I took a look at the past 30 guest contributor columns, and not a single one of them was prefaced with "Her opinions are her own" (not even the $100,000 green card article had Techcrunch distancing itself like this). This is the CYA mentality that kills honest debate and rushes in stupid policies. Which is why it's nice to be in full control of the software/hardware stack you use. Walled gardens may look nice and be convenient in the present, and may even give the illusion of security, but in the end they're inevitably abused. I'm invoking "walled garden", speaking of closed, controlled hardware environments in general, whether that be Apple or phone carriers or laptop manufacturers or the like. Once the controllers of that environment gain power, the human tendency to abuse and extend that power is only a matter of time. The only way to ensure that you can trust the hardware and software you use is if it is 100% transparent. And while that is not always possible, the ability to control what runs on your own hardware goes a long way towards mitigating the risk of a betrayed trust. Or helping someone becomes a dangerous proposition, because they'll likely add you to their social graph, dragging you down. It'll be just like those social clubs that determine what you're allowed to do in your private life and who you're allowed to hang around if you wish to remain a member. Stratification would occur automatically out of fear, as each clings desperately to their social position and tries to keep their social graph pure now that it has real-world consequences. Great, so let the cats who want kittens have kittens, and let the cats who want to do startups do startups, and let the cats who want to do both do both. What's the problem here? Nobody's actively blocking them. Anything you post can't be seen by others unless they've turned on dead posts in their configuration, in which case anything you post has [dead] prefixed on it. Though it happens less than in other forums, wagon circling is definitely a persistent problem on HN. I believe it's only further exacerbated by the fact that downvoted comments are displayed in a difficult to read color, meaning that downvotes can effectively censor things the majority doesn't like, regardless of the merit of the argument. It's not as bad as on Reddit, where groups of people form downvote cabals to actively censor specific users or ideas, but it's still problematic. I do too; it's just annoying to have to manually highlight something in order to read it. In general, a 1-line downvoted post is downvoted for good reason. For multiline posts, it's far more often a good post that people didn't like for other reasons. Those are the ones I take steps to manually highlight and read, and then upvote if I think it was downvoted for the wrong reasons. Actually, men in crappy, dangerous jobs is an evolutionary trait. It's also why they're (traditionally) the ones to go to war and why everyone thinks women and children are to be protected above all else. If 90% of the males in a population die, it takes 1 generation to recover. If 90% of the females in a population die, it takes 5 generations to recover. Meanwhile, they are easy pickings for other competing populations. Part of the problem is that the OP is concentrating on a game targeted specifically at guys who can't relate to women. You can't say that Angry Birds is misogynistic, nor could you say the same of Bubble Bobble, Spy Hunter, Tempest, Centipede, Strider, Tetris, Farmville, and thousands of other video games throughout the ages. One thing Facebook, iPhone and Android have FINALLY brought is "casual" gaming for the masses, by demonstrating a market that nobody could see due to the social stigma of the geeky loser gamer. The crazy shit only comes with heavy action games, mostly FPS (but even here there are numerous exceptions, such as Left 4 Dead). But then again you see the same thing in TV and movies; they cater to different audiences, some of whom are offended by things the other audience likes (usually what the other audience finds sexually appealing). But when it comes down to it, it's escapist media. People don't care that it's unlikely, and they most certainly don't assume that it in any way reflects real life, any more than someone playing a FPS is likely to take a gun to work and start shooting up the place. The comic industry in America on the whole has never grown up beyond male adolescent fantasy. That's unfortunate, as there are much richer possibilities (the Japanese manga industry, for example, caters to so many segments it's mind blowing). But make no mistake: The American comic industry is not an example of male privilege, or any unconscious attempt at keeping women down; It's a vicious cycle of social stigma against comic READERS, and the resulting lack of market for a wider audience. Maybe someday the "iPhone of comics" will come and save us. I'm not saying it's a justification for continuance of the status quo. I'm saying that it's our evolutionary heritage, and as such it has to be recognized as a problem for everybody, rather than saying "it's the white man's fault so the white man is responsible for fixing it". Changing thinking requires someone to show that things CAN be different. Only then can the majority follower population even consider the possibility. This is why the constant complaints about how "things aren't the way they should be" result in no action, and we end up right back here with accusations flying and nothing getting done. Nope. If it does the job and isn't a pain to use, I don't care how it looks. With girls it's a libido thing; either she turns you on or she doesn't. It's not the same thing as choosing software. My only concern with software is how usable it is. If it looks pretty, but I have to do a whole bunch of operations to get something done, it has a poor UI and I'll pick an alternative. If it doesn't have the flexibility to do exactly what I want, I'll look for an alternative (which is why I choose a commander-style file manager instead of the OS default). If the UI is misaligned or has some weird color scheme or ugly pictures, I really don't care so long as I can get things done quickly. I don't care enough to get nit picky about looks when it comes to software. It's not about shallowness; it's about priorities. "Would it be possible to be a beggar if everyone who passed you on the street did their utmost to help you out?" Absolutely. It would become so lucrative to be a beggar that we'd see a veritable explosion of beggars in no time. Or maybe you just make the common mistake of assuming that everyone else thinks the same way you do. I'll share a little story about a friend of mine. His son came crying to him one day because his homework wasn't done, so his wife did the child's homework (to ensure that his grades didn't drop as a result of his negligence). 3 months later, both parents were doing ALL of this child's homework, because he'd realized that if he didn't work, someone else would do the work for him. He could sit around playing video games all day (yes, that's exactly what he did) and anything unpleasant or difficult was handled by other people (his parents). That is, until his teacher figured it out. While his homework was always done impeccably, his performance on tests were abysmal. The teacher rightfully berated the parents, and not a moment too soon. A second example comes via an old co-worker of mine who spent a large part of his career under communist rule, but was absolutely disgusted at his co-workers. Everyone did the bare minimum because there was no incentive to perform or excel (everyone got paid the same regardless). And so naturally, anyone aspiring to greatness and having some ambition left for a country where performance was rewarded. You see similar effects in well entrenched union jobs. I'm definitely not doing the same. I know that different people think differently, and responses to the same stimuli will be all over the map. This is why there's no such thing as Utopia, and why I take any one-size-fits-all solution with a mountain of salt. Getting back to the original discussion, you were arguing in favor of the amount of beggars going down if everyone helped them out. Beggars are already a tiny minority in the population (around 3.5 million people will be homeless in a given year, and only around 25% of those turn to begging, out of a population of 300 million). In order for begging to quadruple, only 1% of people would have to think like those in the examples I gave before. So if 10% of people think like that (and I suspect it's much higher than 10%), you'd get a 40x increase in begging. True, but besides this there are time constraints to any project where money is on the line. You need to get something out quickly that satisfies the market requirements (which usually start off pretty low when you're first entering said market). So you build the minimum viable product, measure demand (one measure is how many people care enough to complain about your product being so crappy), and then iterate. If you have lots of unit tests, refactoring becomes a less risky proposition, even to the point of re-architecting large chunks of functionality to meet emergent requirements. Is it slower than building the perfect product up front? In the long run, yes, but in the meantime, you've already tapped a paying market and have gained valuable insight into how people use your product, which guides your further design refinements in ways that cannot be anticipated up-front. And if it turns out the market is dry, you can fail quickly with less resources invested. That's not to say you should eschew up-front design, but rather the up-front design should be done with the understanding that you're only going for "good enough" with some suppleness built into your architecture for the inevitable refactoring. If you look at the top comment, I was originally responding to "Would it be possible to be a beggar if everyone who passed you on the street did their utmost to help you out?", and the answer is clearly "yes". Furthermore, if everyone who passed a beggar on the street did their utmost to help out, there would be an explosion of beggars, as I demonstrated in my previous comment. Also, it does not require everyone to think the same way for this to happen; in fact, very few people have to think this way. Therefore, in response to your first post, I am not making the common mistake of assuming that everyone else thinks the same way I do. I don't mind other people giving to beggars, but one thing I have noticed is that beggar-friendly cities tend to attract far more beggars (San Francisco and Vancouver are two that come to mind). "In particular, you have applied a type of thinking that some people have today to a situation that would necessarily require them to have a different type of thinking." … Which would require everyone to think the same way, which doesn't happen in reality, which is why I've deliberately ignored the absolute extreme. The OP was referring at worst to a utopia, at best (and most likely) to a "near utopia" using imperfect language to communicate such, while I was bringing that utopia down to earth by showing that it only takes 0.25% of the population taking advantage of kindness in order for the problem to become worse than it already is. We already know that all people do NOT think exactly the same, and so arguing with absolutes is pointless. "This point is simply irrelevant unless you mean to suggest that the increase is due to people trying to take advantage of the lucrative beggar market rather than working." That is precisely what I suggest. Any time a power efficiency is discovered, people move in to take advantage of it. This has been happening since the dawn of life. In this case, it is an efficiency for acquiring money. The more people give to beggars, the easier it will be to live off the proceeds of begging, the more people will consider it a better use of their time compared to what they're doing now. Quite obviously, efficiency won't be the only factor in the decision (other factors, such as pride, come into play as well), but each factor will be weighted differently by different people. It is often said, every man has his price. And though that statement is technically absolute, I do not believe it absolutely, nor is it meant to be taken that way. We're talking across each other now. My discussions of the extreme have always revolved around the pointlessness of arguing that way. The OP MAY have been serious in taking the extreme, but it's far more likely that he was using a what-if line of thought to guide his thinking in a less perfect world. However, that what-if scenario lacks reality guards in that it requires that everyone think the same way, which does not happen. My responses have been designed to push away from the extreme and inject some reality into the discussion. The reality is that some people DO take advantage of kindness. Some people really ARE lazy. Some people ARE con men. So the absolute is disproven by default, which means all that is left is to assume the other person really meant "what if if a lot more people thought this way...". Otherwise the conversation is over already. "but you need to drop the notion that anything resembling a significant fraction of beggars are doing so by choice. Said notion is disgusting, offensive, and untrue." No such notion was intended. As I said before, many different factors come into play when deciding whether to beg or not. My point is that making begging more lucrative will make the decision easier for more people. If the returns for begging were to surpass low wage jobs, for example, we'd see a critical tipping point emerge. The end result of more giving to beggars (on a larger scale) is more beggars. The current equilibrium exists as a result of the diversity of the population (both on the potential beggar side and the potential giver side). My personal belief is that a significant increase in giving to beggars is likely to cause more harm than good. The current equilibrium seems adequate for taking care of most of the truly hopeless who aren't wards of the state. He is talking about someone who has taken traditional martial arts (Karate, Kempo, Tae Kwan Do, etc). I started out taking those, and even got a black belt, but in the end I knew nothing other than how to do some kata and dance around a ring with my opponent trading "blows". The only thing of value I learned there was balance, and even that training was mediocre. So his analogy of "school trained martial artist" is very apt. I know a whole bunch of guys like this who would get their ass handed to them in a real fight with anyone of even minor real-world fighting experience. On the other hand, a school trained street fighter would have an advantage over an untrained street fighter, all other things being equal. Of course anyone trained for professional fighting (UFC et al) receives training with substance (techniques that are useful in the real world, and LOTS of actual combat). I'm not sure if there's a CS equivalent to this. Those are specific positions on a screen in a desktop OS UI. That's HUGELY different from yet-another-webapp, because you only need to learn it ONCE, and then it remains the same always, no matter what app you're using or what page you're viewing. With web pages and apps, it's up to each designer to decide where and how things are laid out, and everyone has their own opinion, so if 20 designers decide to hide their components, how is the user to find them? The last thing I want to do is play hide-and-seek moving the mouse around a webpage/app randomly in the forlorn hope that maybe one of the gadgets or magic locations will pop up a control that I can use. Put in a gear icon that I can mouse over. Put SOMETHING there that says "hey! I can be interacted with!" Otherwise I'll just ascribe the interface as designed by someone incompetent and look for an alternative. That's one of my pet peeves, which is why I'm very meticulous about my documentation. For example: http://kstenerud.github.com/ObjectAL-for-iPhone/documentatio... Nope. Far too busy building out our product. Both, because you can't run OSX on a virtual server and we need them for CI with Xcode. I used to get that all the time as a kid while waking up. A loud buzzing noise or a bang followed by paralysis, which freaked the hell out of me at the time. It reduced in frequency and eventually stopped when I was 15. I didn't know it was abnormal and never told anyone about it though. ObjectAL - iOS audio library that makes audio easy: https://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone IOS Universal Framework - Xcode template that adds iOS static framework support: https://github.com/kstenerud/iOS-Universal-Framework KSJSON - World's fastest JSON library for iOS: https://github.com/kstenerud/KSJSON Objective Gems - Ongoing iOS programmer's toolbox: https://github.com/kstenerud/Objective-Gems And a couple of stealth projects that I'm not ready to reveal yet. Yes, I can see how it would be so much more approachable to throw dense text consisting of the following at someone: "In parallel with the software engineering research in architectural styles, the object-oriented programming community has been exploring the use of design patterns and pattern languages to describe recurring abstractions in object-based software development. A design pattern is defined as an important and recurring system construct. A pattern language is a system of patterns organized in a structure that guides the patterns' application [70]. Both concepts are based on the writings of Alexander et al. [3, 4] with regard to building architecture." That's so much simpler than "We need to be able to talk to all machines about all the stuff that’s on all the other machines. So we need some way of having one machine tell another machine about a resource that might be on yet another machine." Your wife may have understood it, but Ryan's wife lacked the CS background. Relevant: http://abstrusegoose.com/strips/youre_welcome_college_studen... It's interesting to see how the OP approached the argument: telling his friend straight out that consistency and self discipline are the same thing, rather than saying that self-discipline breeds consistency. Had he gone with the latter, the argument likely would not have happened. Instead, he misspoke, and then when his friend corrected him (they aren't exactly the same thing, after all), his ego got the better of him and he pushed on into a pissing match rather than clarifying his position. And then be blogged about what a dumb ass his friend is. There are many lessons on relationships to be learned here, and the OP has pretty much missed all of them. Transcribing from reddit so the HN folks don't freak out: THIS IS ONLY FOR DOMAINS WHERE THE OWNER HAS REQUESTED EXTREME PROTECTION and has agreed that this sort of verification is needed to make any changes to the domain information. Please don't feed the trolls. http://www.reddit.com/r/SOPA/comments/nu48a/godaddy_gone_ful... Details on this service are here http://www.godaddy.com/domainaddon/protected-registration.as... "Go Daddy opposes SOPA because the legislation has not fulfilled its basic requirement to build a consensus among stake-holders in the technology and Internet communities." That's a pretty weak "opposition". Basically GoDaddy now "opposes" SOPA because of a "lack of consensus", not because they oppose what SOPA stands for. This sounds a lot like "Wait! Come back! I promise I won't beat you anymore! I was drunk and things just got out of hand!" Yes, so much deadlier than, say, "dd if=/dev/zero of=bigfile". I'm guessing this is some sort of joke, but you can bever be too sure. I also have a 3GS, and some of the apps (ESPECIALLY the settings app) are incredibly slow. 15-20 second delays loading tables in the settings app are regular fare. My downloaded apps run fine; it's just the built-in ones that are slow. Apple prefers style over reliability, which is why power cables on Apple products fray. And once again, when I went to the Apple store, one of their "geniuses" lectured me on the "proper" way to wind up an Apple power cord after I brought my broken one in for replacement (sensing a trend here?). I suggested that Apple design a proper power cord. He didn't think that was funny. And that mentality goes all the way too the top. Remember Steve's flippant response of "You're holding the phone wrong"? Thus the following quote: "Whenever the C++ language designers had two competing ideas as to how they should solve some problem, they said, "OK, we'll do them both". So the language is too baroque for my taste." -- Donald E Knuth "Regardless of the fact that legally, college students are adults, they are still very prone to making mistakes." How is it that you define wholesale copying of someone else's work and passing it off as your own a "mistake"? You might as well call burglary a "mistake". "I see no reason to punish this one simply because he had the misfortune of copying a paper from an internet blogger." Holy chutzpah Batman! He chose of his own free will to copy someone's work rather than do the work himself (which is CLEARLY against the rules). But because the person he copied from is a blogger who has the means to expose his misdeeds, that's unfair? Calling someone out for misdeeds is covered under libel laws. It's more an issue of openness rather than one of forward thinking. Apple just doesn't want unapproved hardware connecting to their devices. They also want royalties from anyone who DOES get their approval. They'd even block audio hacks like this if they could. Once a company gains too much control over the consumer, innovation suffers. Jumpman jr on C64: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EG7TUaDdJvQ Oh, and Pogo Joe: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zANCp41DEo0 If it had a reason it wouldn't be a hobby. Do it! Seriously, it's worth it. I didn't get really serious about it until last year, but now I wouldn't code without it. The confidence it gives when refactoring code (run the test, see if you broke something) is pure gold. Plus, just writing the tests puts you in a frame of mind where you're questioning a lot of your assumptions, and you often discover flaws in your architecture that would be painful to fix if discovered later. The key words here are "in our sole discretion". Those words are legal kryptonite. This invites a very lucrative scam: - Buy an expensive antique using paypal for payment - Wait for antique to arrive - Dispute its authenticity - Once PayPal destroy order arrives, send photo of cheap replica I destroyed. - Get my money back AND have an expensive antique for free, which I then sell to a local antique dealer. Hiring developers based on brain teasers is like hiring journalists based on how well they do at scrabble. "You're reduced to the size of a nickel and thrown into a blender. How do you get out?" If I were asked such a question in an interview, my response would be: "Dunno. Let's talk about some real-world problems you're facing right now instead." I dislike trivial questions, especially during an interview. I'm a professional, not a circus animal. The problem is not that the prototype was released to the public; it's that it was left in prototype form for so long after it had proven its worth to the company. "Prototype as fast as possible" is a good rule of thumb. It's not always the right way, but from a business standpoint you're not wasting time polishing a potential loser, which means you have more time to devote to other potentials. Their interpretation of question 5 is just plain wrong. Aside from the fact that losses DO hurt more than gains (because you need to alter your plans to accomodate losses), the assumption of equivalence is fundamentally flawed. The problem is that the two halves are inverted. Correcting: 5a: Your base position is $900, and you have the option of risking $900 for a possible gain of $100. You have a 90% chance of gaining $100 (a trivial amount) and a 10% chance of losing $900 (a big amount). 5b: Your base position is -$900, and you have the option of risking $100 for a possible gain of $900. You have a 90% chance of losing $100 (a trivial amount) and a 10% chance of gaining $900 (a big amount). Since you're an individual, and not a statistical average, there's no middle ground in the values gained or lost. So the rational person is right to choose A, then B. The two are NOT equivalent to an individual. The trivial amount makes little difference as a gain or a loss, but the big amount does. However, just as in programming, you cannot effectively employ the simple solution without first understanding the theory that leads to it. It's just like the difference between good developers and voodoo coders. One stops to think before acting while the other just throws canned solutions at the problem, hoping one sticks. While that would be nice, it's unfortunately not the reality. The computer falls into failed optimization traps all the time. The only difference is that with a human, you can detect it with a profiler and correct the problem by reordering a few things. With automatic optimization, you can't. If you can afford $5000 for a stove, you can afford to hire a cook. If you want to make your code portable to Android, consider helping the effort to port Objective-C to it (specifically, enough to get cocos2d running). Some info here: http://www.cocos2d-iphone.org/forum/topic/25414 "you can seamlessly mix in C if you feel like low-level programming" This is a huge plus. I've dropped to the C level on a number of occasions already in my projects. I also makes it MUCH easier to drop in existing C libraries for extra functionality since you don't have to write language bindings for it. Namespaces would be nice, however I wouldn't drop the preprocessor; it's just too damn useful for code generation. I haven't noticed slow compilation times. A 20MB codebase (big by iPhone standards) takes 40 seconds to clean compile on my mbp. (Xcode's indexing behaviors, on the other hand, leave MUCH to be desired). Properties don't feel hacky to me; The @ syntax is a good compromise for preserving C compatibility while introducing more powerful constructs. Same goes for GC and ARC. What I'm seeing here is overengineering of the interview process. There are three things you want to figure out: 1. Are they able to do the work, and if so, can they do it well? 2. Are they a cultural fit with your company? 3. Do their goals align well enough with yours? (do they have a genuine interest in the space you're in, are they just using you as a stepping stone, etc). Points 2 and 3 can be discerned by the phone interview, the in-person interview, and the lunch. Point 1 can be discerned by looking at and talking about a non-trivial open source project that the candidate has built. Basically, you want to dig into architectural or technical difficulties they faced (you always have these in non-trivial projects), and how they surmounted them. The finished product is more than enough to gauge competence and discover excellence. It's only if they DON'T have anything big they can show you that you need to resort to coding assignments. Logic problems and brain teasers are a relic of a (thankfully) bygone era of bad hiring practices. There's no evidence to support the theory that people who do well at brain teasers do well at architecting and building applications. All you end up doing is potentially pissing off the candidate. In the end, you need to understand that it's a two-way street. An exceptional candidate is likely to have many offers to choose from. Waste their time, and they'll go with someone else, leaving you with two kinds of people: Those who have a keen enough interest to suffer through your interview process, and those who are desperate enough to suffer through your interview process. Works well enough that many successful games use it. I'd welcome cocos2d on android. Sticking with an operating system is a matter of convenience. Changing to a new OS requires learning a different way of doing things, be it different keyboard shortcuts, different names and locations for everything, different behaviors, and most importantly, a different set of unfixed bugs that you must discover as landmines. The same goes for using a new piece of software or a new programming language. It's not so much the different paradigm that's the problem (though that does contribute to the friction against change somewhat), but rather the myriad different ways in which it is broken, that you must discover via trial and error. Black boxes are great so long as you can actually look inside them when they don't work as expected. But even then, one approaches new things with caution because one cannot look inside some code and instantly spot the flaws. But hey, there's no such thing as flawless, so encapsulation or no, you'll deal with this stuff all the time as a developer. At best, you'd restrict yourself to using popular code (since there would have already been a lot of pressure brought to bear to fix the most egregious flaws), well-established code (since it would likely be more mature, and more help would be available), or code from a reputable source. Banks are only a problem because this opportunity is available to them. Of course, that doesn't absolve them of responsibility for their actions, but it wouldn't even be an issue if users weren't actively encouraging and tempting them with such juicy information that would help their bottom line in risk assessment. To him, the bank's position is obvious and unworthy of mention. The lack of PERSONAL responsibility is what leads to these kinds of disasters, and that's what people just don't get. Much like people don't want to feel responsible for the greed leading to and maintaining the crazy tort law system in the USA today. It's fine to say that obesity is a problem, but it's hypocritical to berate Burger King for contributing to obesity when you eat there three nights a week. It's even worse when you excuse it, saying that your circumstances are special somehow. The reporter, similarly, is looking for fuel to blame the banks for their evil practices, when she herself is contributing to the flow of evil information. Criminals will be criminals. They are responsible for their own actions. But if you're contributing to their coffers, you're only encouraging them. You don't even have to frame this in terms of morality. They're doing something you don't like. Do you want to help them or hinder them? Sometimes hindering them involves denying yourself. This is how boycotts work. "Of course you got robbed, you left your doors unlocked!" Yes! Exactly that! Except in the case of Facebook your negligence hurts your neighbors. He's making the point that she just doesn't GET it. He took a confrontational tone specifically to get her to spit out excuses for her continued use of Facebook. His point is not just that users are contributing to the problem, but that users REFUSE to believe they're contributing to the problem. It's the whole "a little bit can't hurt" excuse, which is why he used littering as a metaphor. In the end it doesn't matter what she writes about the evil banks. It's impossible to stop them from using information YOU PUBLISHED against you. If you don't publish it, it can't be used against you. His further rant is against your friends publishing information about you that can be used against you. So yeah, she can write her story about banks denying loans based on photos of your frequent trips to Vegas, but it's not going to help anybody because people will focus on the evil banks, and will still fail to grasp the concept of NOT PUBLISHING PERSONAL INFORMATION. It is your own feeling of inadequacy that prevents you from contributing. That's also likely a major contributing factor to why you feel the author is being smug. The only thing preventing you from excellence is your fear. You don't have to be "worthy" to make something good; you just need the ambition to set high goals, the drive and tenacity to meet those goals, and the thick skin to shrug off the inevitable judgments of others. All great men are called crazy at one point or another, and all great men have doubted themselves. Why should you be any different? What's hungry academy? It's not about forcing companies to license their software; it's about forcing companies to allow unlocking of the bootloader, thus forcing them to compete on features rather than antifeatures (consumer lock-in). Locked bootloaders on general purpose computing devices are bad news for consumers and for innovation in general. Just imagine how the PC landscape would have evolved without clones. I'd be more than happy to see government intervention in cases like these. I know I couldn't come up with $2000 in 30 days (I might come close if I sold everything I own). Does that make me poor? It certainly doesn't stop me from chasing my dream. Second this. You can also get the brown leather edition: http://www.merrell.com/US/en-US/Product.mvc.aspx/22874M?gree... I'll never buy a "normal" running shoe again. It didn't seem misleading to me. iPhone limits flexibility far more than Android in the hopes of making it less daunting for the masses. Woz is a geek, so he likes flexibility in his tech. Or perhaps, just perhaps , they are doing an internal investigation and avoiding any substantial press releases until they've completed their investigation. I know that's what I'd do when there's an army outside just waiting for a chance to sue. You have no evidence that they condoned the operation, or that they're trying to cover it up. All you have is conjecture until there's more information available, and that's not useful at all. But since we're in the land of conjecture, let's think about this: Google, a massive corporation generating huge profits, suddenly decides to scrape a Kenyan database piecemeal (rather than just sucking up the whole thing at once before starting, like an intelligent person would do), then engages telemarketers to fraudulently cold call a bunch of small businesses in the hopes of selling them web hosting. Now, how much income do you suppose that would bring in? a few hundred thousand? Maybe a million if they're lucky? Would it even be worth a multinational's time and effort to cold-call selling websites, even if it were totally kosher? I doubt it. Add to that the negative press that a scam like this would bring when it's eventually exposed and it's well into the realm of ludicrous. Even if this were supposedly perpetrated by the most evilest nastiest company in the world, I'd have the same argument (money). So, we're left with the next most likely possibility: a small number of people with internal access to Google's infrastructure, for whom a few hundred thousand to a million dollars worth of sales would be quite lucrative. And if you were in Google's shoes, with this happening somewhere in your GIANT company, what would you do? If you answered "push out a press statement telling all right away", you'd be betraying a fundamental lack of understanding in how large corporations work. Their size makes them slow. Messages have to go up and down the chain of command. Investigations take days, weeks, sometimes even months. Bureaucracy, procedures, and legal issues hamper every step. So put away your pitchfork and wait like everyone else. Pretty much. When it comes to international relations one must always tread carefully. A scene from Yes, Prime Minister might help illustrate the point. Jim Hacker (the Prime Minister) is talking to Sir Humphrey Appleby (Cabinet Secretary) about a nurse caught with a bottle of whiskey in the fictional Middle Eastern country of Kumran, and sentenced to 40 lashes. Jim: This is very worrying. There's a lot of public sympathy. Humphrey: I'm sure the Foreign Secretary will advise you. Jim: He advises me to do nothing. Humphrey: I'm sure that's good advice. Jim: Humphrey, we must do something. Humphrey: The Kumranis are good friends of Britain. They placed a huge defense contract with us, they tell us about the Soviets in Iraq, they even sabotage OPEC agreements for us. We can't afford to upset them. Jim: I know, but a British national is facing a barbaric punishment for a trivial offense. The Foreign Office is there to protect British nationals. Humphrey: To protect British interests. Jim: It's not in her interest to be flogged. Humphrey: It's not in ours to prevent it. Jim: This could hurt the government very badly. Humphrey: Well, I understand that tomorrow the Foreign Secretary will deliver a strong note of protest. Jim: Why can't he do it now? Humphrey: We haven't got their agreement yet! We're seeing the ambassador privately now. Once they approve the wording, we hand it over. Then we'll have done all we can. Jim: Very heartless. Humphrey: It's safer to be heartless than mindless. History is the triumph of the heartless over the mindless. They're a large corporation with shareholders to satisfy. With so much economic incentive to cheat it's not very surprising that they do. Disappointing, but not surprising. It's about managing user expectations, which David has done rather poorly. People have short memories. When you're going to shut something down, you really should put up a HUGE javascript timer at the top of the page saying: 83 days, 14 hours, 23 minutes, 11 seconds until this site shuts down. Contact me if you can take over maintenance. Unless it's constantly in their face, they won't feel the urgency, and so they won't act. However, now that Dave's said "time's up", the urgency is felt, but there's nothing people can do, thus their frustration. You can say "The users should have known" till you're blue in the face, but so long as you fight against human nature rather than guiding them in ways reinforced by their nature, you have only yourself to blame for the fallout. Such is the responsibility that comes with leadership. Things can always get worse, but only a fool would let them go without a fight. tl;dr: waffle waffle waffle romantic nostalgia waffle waffle highlighter waffle waffle DRM waffle waffle. The "store it on a 5.25 inch floppy" strawman was particularly pathetic. If you care about saving something, you'll keep up with the times in terms of storage. Furthermore, the more people who have a copy, the less likely the work is to be lost. - DRM will fail eventually, like it did with music. - Storage formats will evolve, but there will always be programs to convert to the latest format. - Resale will become less of an issue as price comes down. We're seeing the same thing with video games and music. - Rare works won't slowly disappear over time like they do with paper books. With the advent of ebooks, distribution of knowledge is becoming less and less restricted. There will, however, be those who cling to the old technology out of nostalgia. They'll be forgotten in a generation or two; it was the same way with scrolls. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdkucf6wxU4 It sounds very pretty, but our evolutionary heritage is all about exploiting opportunities in order to secure a more advantaged position. The problem with a meritocracy is that it must be policed in order to make sure that it is indeed operating as a meritocracy. However, all it takes is a little leverage over the watchmen to change it into a meritocracy in name only. All systems requiring policing have this weakness. And since there is a strong economic incentive to subverting the system for personal gain, corruption is an eventuality. Great! Now if the Republicans also cut their ties to religion and stopped wasting so much money on war zones, they could become a party worth voting for. I've not seen this in the jerks I know. Which would make sense, since the led people want stability, and cannot count on stability with a leader who takes at their expense. Taking at the expense of outsiders, however, is not going to directly destabilize their lives. "Our findings show that people want respectable and admired group members to lead them at times of peace, but when 'the going gets tough' they want a dominant, power-seeking individual to lead the group," They want a stable leader during peacetime and a victorious leader (who will bring back stability by defeating the enemy) during wartime. "...sharing one's resources with both in-group members and outsiders had the most dire net outcomes on a person's status. The researchers discovered that universal generosity decreased perceptions of both prestige and dominance compared with those who shared resources only with members of their group." Sharing with outsiders increases the power of outsiders at the cost of the power of the group. Historically, that leads to destabilization as the now-more-powerful outsiders could supplant the group, or the now weakened group could be attacked by an existing enemy. "it seems to mostly be these people, in the double-digit and low-three-digit membership times, who are upvoting this." How do you know this? But that only confirms who is commenting in this thread, not who is upvoting. The problem is that this goes completely against human nature. A leader's primary responsibility is stability. If he can't do that, he's considered by his followers to be a poor leader. It doesn't matter if that's unfair; that's how we've evolved because a leader who brings and maintains stability has historically brought the best chances of survival for the group. David can post whatever he wants, but so long as he goes against human nature, he might as well try to make a river run uphill for all the good it'll do. All he's doing now is ruining his own credibility in the eyes of those who followed him. It may not be fair, but that's how things work. One should never take upon themselves the mantle of leadership unless they're prepared to go all the way. That's the real lesson here. In Japan, most of the country (well, mountain) roads are illuminated by street lights charged by a PV panel on top. All 4-way stop intersections also have a blinking red light embedded in the road, once again charged by a PV cell. "going all the way" means bringing the endeavor you are leading for to a stable conclusion. A leader is most strongly judged based upon his ability to bring and maintain stability. David failed here because he didn't keep his followers' minds upon the inevitable instability that was on the way, so as to prod another leader to step up to the plate. He did "kinda" with a few posts, followed by talks with a couple of individuals who didn't work out, but it comes off as half-assed at best. This was followed by an "I don't owe you a thing" rant which only makes things worse. An example of good leadership would be Joseph Stilwell, who led an entire Chinese village through miles of jungle so that they'd be out of the way of the advancing Japanese army. He didn't have to do it; standard practice was to just get the hell out of there and leave the collateral damage behind. But he did, and he suffered greatly for it trying to herd along a group of people including elderly, pregnant, sick, and miserable, who slowed the whole thing down, with a serious risk they'd be overrun. He technically didn't owe them a damn thing, and could have at any point said "screw you guys, I'm going home". History wouldn't have judged him for not leading them to begin with, but it would have judged harshly if he'd only led partway and then abandoned them. David went against human nature by only posting about an impending end a few months before it occurred, and not giving constant reminders that the end was coming. Technically, he already did more than he was "required" to. But people forget, or people are not privy to the communication at the time it was broadcast, or some other number of things happened where the urgency of the message was lost. That's technically their own failing and David technically doesn't owe them a thing (as he points out repeatedly in his rant), but leadership demands much more of a person than is technically "owed". A leader must cater to all levels of his followers, including the stubborn, the stupid, the lazy, the uninformed, and the unlucky, and bring most of them stability. In this case, stability means a transfer of leadership to another leader in order to avert the inevitable instability of the site just ending. "Other locations have different characteristics." That's rather obvious. I'm talking about places where it works well in Japan, along the same lines as the parent talking about places where it works well in parks. My favorite trick was to poke values into the sound registers, THEN goto! So without a browsable menu, how do I discover what features a program has? Normally that's done by browsing through the menus. Actually I was thinking more along the lines of programming the SID to output a sawtooth waveform and modulate it for extra annoyance, but whatever floats your boat. Why didn't you install the AV software on your machine, get the false positive, then call the company on your own behalf? Or just impersonate your father on the phone? Because everyone's idea of what "makes sense" is different. Thus: /bin /usr/bin /usr/share/bin /usr/share/local/bin /usr/local/bin /usr/local/share/bin /opt/bin /opt/some/clever/path/system/bin Followed by hacky symlinks so that programs can find what they're looking for in /usr/local/share/lib/x, which really resides in /usr/share/lib/x or maybe /var/lib or maybe /var/local/lib or maybe just /lib because it's considered "essential" on some systems but not others. It reminds me of this: http://xkcd.com/927/ Every one of those paths I mentioned are paths I have encountered during my use of various unix distributions since 1991 (Solaris was the worst offender). And that's not even the complete list. I gave up trying to predict where software would install to a long time ago. My point is that what "makes sense" is subjective. Each developer/distro manager who made one of those paths thought to himself "it makes perfect sense to do it this way". FHS does go a long way towards cutting back on the craziness (by arbitrarily dictating "do it this way"), but it's still clunky. PPA, MPAA, and RIAA are the modern equivalent of guilds. They were once useful for protecting the little guy, then evolved into a protection racket. At no point did I ever say they were part of the FHS. sigh yet another chapter in "X is bad for you! No, wait, X is good for you! it's actually Y that's bad for you. No wait, it's actually Z!" After decades of this I've decided they're all full of shit until someone can come up with extraordinary evidence to the contrary. Yes, but what is "moderation"? What constitutes a "balanced diet"? They've been moving targets for as long as I can remember. Meanwhile we've gone through endless cycles of "cholesterol is bad", "cholesterol is good", "only bad cholesterol is bad", "sugar is bad", "fat is bad", "fat is good, but saturated fat is bad", "carbs are bad". Eggs have gone through two complete revolutions of being bad for you and good for you. And now the new pariahs include white bread, white rice, and potatoes. Madness. It's not just that; it's the temporal nature of what constitutes a balanced diet (i.e. what the variables are, and what amounts are "correct"). Here's a short history of the USDA Food Pyramid, for example: http://www.healthy-eating-politics.com/usda-food-pyramid.htm... (note: this is from a site pushing the low-carb diet, and is suitably slanted in that direction, but is useful for illustrative purposes) And that's just in the USA. Every country has their own ideas on what is "balanced". Google thinks I'm male (probably gleaned that juicy tidbit from my profile). No word yet on my age. Hmm that was not my intent. I'm still confused. Are those key-value pairs? What is "i" actually doing? Digging deeper, we have this little gem: http://folklore.org/StoryView.py?project=Macintosh&story... Choice quote: "From the perspective of the Macintosh that we were already in the midst of bringing to life, it seemed like ancient history the day it came out." And this is typical of companies taking the wrong approach (trying to release the perfect product rather than the minimum viable product). IBM and Microsoft got the product out fast, iterated, and generally executed better than Apple for two decades because of this. The sour grapes were palpable any time Steve spoke of Bill. At the risk of coming off as crass and vulgar, Cuba is a shithole. The food's terrible, smog in Havana is the worst I've seen anywhere (most cars don't have mufflers and are poorly tuned), the locals try to screw you over any chance they get (Beijing Tea Room type scams are commonplace, especially in bars - just don't talk to anyone who acts friendly and tries to bring you into a shop, and NEVER EVER accept local currency or any gifts), and the whole place is so dilapidated (except for the small touristy section of town) that it's amazing the buildings are still standing (most balconies in concrete buildings have long since collapsed). I watched in Trinidad as local workers dug up part of a cobblestone road, then filled it back with plain dirt. Most of the roads people have worked on are completely washed away from the rain (the ones they haven't touched are still fine). You can have good food and a pleasant stay if you go to a resort, but then what's the point? You could be at any resort in the world and have the same cookie-cutter experience. Oh, and if you do go, bring a currency OTHER than USD because the Cuban government controls all currency conversion, and trades USD at a severe disadvantage compared to other currencies. Add to that: Automatically tarring anyone who defends Google in any way as an "apologist". Interesting how there's no discussion on his decision to pretend to work on his other obligation, then drop the ball at the last minute in order to ensure that they fail or are severely hobbled because they relied on him. He even mentions that his motivation for this is to ensure that they don't get someone else to do the work he's deliberately sabotaging due to a conflict of interest. "In real life, the people whose decisions matter a) often can't read code and b) almost always have better uses of their time than reading code from someone who is, statistically, not likely to be hired." The person who can't read code shouldn't be deciding the technical merits of a candidate. If that's happening, your hiring process is broken. Furthermore, your hiring process should be designed such that you can weed out the majority long before the in-person interview occurs. Steps in the hiring process should be scheduled such that the more time consuming parts come later. I google any candidate who has made it to an actual in-person interview. If they have a github page, I look inside to see what they've done. It helps tremendously if the candidate tells me which projects they are most proud of. What's nice about this approach is it gives us something to talk about that the candidate is passionate about. It's only when the candidate has nothing to show off that things move towards a more "traditional" interview, with dry coding and design questions. I've never really felt comfortable in vi. I first started using it in 1989 at home, used it throughout college, and then used it on-and-off during my career, but it's never really felt powerful compared to a GUI editor. I want a scrollbar. I want a list of files in my project that I can just click on to open. I want tabs I can click. I want multiple windows that I can alt-tab to. And since I spend most of my time thinking and modifying code, I'm more often than not thinking in terms of tweaks and copy/pasting between files rather than "replace in this block of 3 words". A mouse and GUI just feels a lot more natural to me, even after 20 years of vi. I like having 20+ tabs open, provided the text editor supports multiple rows of tabs so you can see the names. I use a development version of webkit for logging into social network sites. My accounts exist purely for work purposes, and on the rare occasions that I actually need to log into one of them, I fire up webkit. I'd be fine with them if they didn't broadcast my every move and everyone I know, but even then I wouldn't use them; I just don't see any point to them. If I want to know how someone's doing I'll contact them on Skype or by phone or just go visit. My response to this approach has always been the middle finger. If someone can't afford me even the minimal level of respect, I'll leave. My worth is not dependent upon what other people think. That's fine, but ending on a disrespectful tone is generally a bad idea. Basically he's saying: "I think this way of doing things is awesome. Here's how to do it my way. Your way of doing it is crappy compared to mine, but hey it's your choice to continue being a substandard performer." Even your example is riddled with condescension, with your judgment from on high that your friend's job is "crummy". It's not only disrespectful; it betrays an unsavory vanity on your part. You can also get good stuff on TT in the Trance Out room. Except, as stated in a different comment, for things such as "unsubscribe" links. This chart disagrees: http://www.centurycouncil.org/sites/default/files/images/AID... What exactly is the op criticizing? What about from an email? Hmm that could work for an unsubscribe page, since the user is motivated to make the second click. However, for an email with a sign up link or a subscription confirmation link having an extra step could reduce your conversion rate somewhat. I'd still listen to what they have to say, but I'd consider it to be untrustworthy information, as their insult against those who do things differently would tell me that they have a strong enough emotional investment in their decision that they're unable to rationally consider the alternatives. Either that or they're being manipulative, which is also a big red flag. Chiming in with more anecdotal evidence. My folks allowed us to (illegally) drink alcohol starting at age 14. It was something we did during special occasions, and we'd of course drink smaller portions due to body size differences. Reaching "drinking" age was no big deal. Only once in my life have I ever drunk so much I threw up. And that was on my 25th birthday when I got a bit careless. tl;dr: "They're all using H1-B visas to take jobs away from citizens! Well, except for me, that is. My case was special. But the rest of them are all job thieves!" I've never actually seen any rowdy drunks in the many pubs I visited in the UK, despite the many people there drinking heavily. But then again, I never went to the rowdy pubs. In Asia, you are expected to act "drunk" when you are drinking with your colleagues/boss. You aren't expected to actually get that drunk, though you can if you want. The higher your station, the less drunk you'll want to really get because you may have to take an important call. In Canada, people drink socially, and a smaller number drink alone (much like anywhere else). If someone doesn't want to drink at a dinner or outing, everyone else respects their choice not to drink and doesn't press them. Waiting to drink depends on the social context. If that were true, then the Camba should have been roaring drunks and alcoholics. And yet a major point of the article was demonstrating this NOT to be the case. In fact, the article makes the case that it's a group's drinking CULTURE that has the biggest effect on alcoholism. It's just part of the social ritual. You get "drunk" so that everyone can unwind because the normal social rules no longer apply. You can even call your boss a jerk and all will be forgotten tomorrow. There's a fair bit of research on this subject. For example http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811910... The mere existence of piracy does not invalidate the convenience and ease-of-use arguments. For example, Valve seems to have found compelling evidence supporting the "service" side of the argument: http://www.pcgamer.com/2011/10/25/gabe-newell-on-piracy-and-... They haven't stopped piracy (which can't be stopped completely), but they have carved out a huge, lucrative market where others with the "free will always trump non-free" mindset were too fearful to tread. That's not the entirety of her defense; just the part that relates to the title of this post. One other thing relating to the title: She asserts that the movie itself is illegal (and thus not copyrightable) due to the company engaging in “solicitation, conspiracy to commit prostitution, pimping and/or pandering,” during its production. Other defenses: - She asserts that the movie in question was officially registered AFTER her alleged infringement. - She contests the assertion that she can be held liable for infringement even if her router was unsecured and someone else carried out the act without her knowledge. - She asserts that the company did not mitigate damages by issuing DMCA takedown notices. - She asserts that the private investigators hired by the company are in violation of various California laws, and that by extension the company is guilty of unclean hands. Really, it's all there in black and white in the article. "Psychiatrists still have no idea how to distinguish a person with mild Asperger's from a person who is simply introverted." Most psychiatrists still have no idea how to distinguish, but those few who actually study autism are very much able to tell the difference. Asperger's syndrome doesn't just affect how one interacts socially, although that is the most visible manifestation. By paying you, they get around privacy laws and can sell your data to anyone who wants it. Edit: my mistake. They will attempt to scrub data before sharing it (but make no guarantees). http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/news/2012/02/google-paying-us... Disagree on the no phones/laptops thing. I've been to plenty of meetings where people went around in circles trying to decide on some fact that could have easily been looked up online in 30 seconds. Also, though I do appreciate the need for people to show up on time, shit happens. And the more people there are, the more likely it is for shit to happen (if everyone in a 20 person daily meeting had one bad day per month, you'd have on average one late person per meeting). It gets even more awkward when someone you lock out is needed in order for the meeting to move forward. So does this mean that things such as "like" and "+1" buttons don't work unless you subvert the P3P protocol? "But the person making the decisions not a designer." Who is making the design decisions (what's their name)? How do you know this person is not a designer? How do you know that there's only one person making the decisions? Is it, though? Canonical states quite clearly that they employ a TEAM of designers to handle the UX aspects of Ubuntu. Unless you're suggesting that they're micro-managed, for which you'd need to supply some proof. My first language (after BASIC) was assembler, after which I moved to C, so pointers in C weren't a problem. The re-use of symbols and keywords for different things was a pain, however, and got even worse in C++. This is nothing new, really. The greater the fame, the greater the number of haters. All they need is some kind of semi-plausible drum to beat. You either need to accept that these people are irrational, won't listen, and won't leave, or you need to step out of the spotlight. So if someone goes to Mashable and clicks a "like" button, it won't work unless they specifically allow 3rd party tracking on Mashable? And then again on the WSJ, and again on Youtube? Or is it that they need to allow Facebook tracking once and then it works on all sites that have a "like" button? If it's the former, then I'd say P3P is horribly broken and bypassing it for "like" buttons would be the only way to make things work. And even if it's the latter, giving a site carte blanche tracking rights seems too coarse for comfort (unless you could grant permission ONLY for "like" buttons and nothing else). Actually it isn't. When your button wears out you can just buy a new iPhone. Same goes for fraying wires in Apple power supplies and USB cables. They have no economic incentive to provide longevity beyond the warranty period as they are primarily a hardware company. That's a step in the right direction, but the cord still frays at the brick end unless you leave a big loop before wrapping the cord around it. And the USB iPhone connector still frays. It would be nice if they'd adopt the standard flexible nubs designed specifically to avoid this fraying problem, but when aesthetics and practicality come into conflict at Apple, aesthetics usually wins. The unfortunate truth is that there are fraudsters out there who will attempt to cheat or bullshit their way in. Fizzbuzz is so utterly trivial that you could bang it out in a few minutes. And yet it's amazing how well it weeds out non-programmers, no matter how much they bamboozled over the phone or built up a web of deceit online. You should treat fizzbuzz or the like as a secret handshake, where you write it and then everyone nods with a grin as a member of the fold is recognized, after which the real interview begins. Actually I don't consider lack of exposure to fizzbuzz a problem. The whole point of it is that it's trivial to implement, even if you've never heard of it before. But a non-programmer (or a "programmer" with no grasp of simple algorithms) will struggle with it. It's basically a "secret handshake" that non-programmers simply cannot do, and competent programmers can figure out in less than a minute. I've examined a lot of github accounts while hiring, and seeing thousands of commits is rare. If I'm satisfied that there's no chance someone is faking, I'll forego fizzbuzz, but really in the end it's nothing more than a 5 minute formality (and I make a point of telling the candidate that it's just a formality and yes it's trivial, and we both laugh at the absurdity of the situation as he scribbles it up on the white board). At that point the real interview hasn't even started yet. Except that it's not bullshit, at least not in the traditional sense. Think of it like your most basic unit test. Regardless of what the evidence suggests, can the candidate bang out a quick algorithm, without aid, in your presence? Interviews are a HUGE time sink for companies; not just in the interview itself, but also in the examination of candidates, their resumes, their code, their references, discussions among team members to decide if they'll be a good fit, etc, etc. One interviewee can blow away two days work easy. So we're not in the mind to lose any more time than we have to. Fizzbuzz is a sanity test. To the candidate it may seem absurd, but once as an interviewer you've dealt with enough fakers, or even people who honestly believe they can code and yet can't, you begin to appreciate the simple elegance of a 5 minute fizzbuzz test as a kick-off to the interview. Because everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, has an axe to grind at some point. I seriously doubt people will quit Tumblr en masse over the site falling afoul of someone's pet cause. This is Tumblr as a company applying its morality upon the blogs it hosts. And in doing so it is completely within its rights. In a perfect world, sure. But people with an axe to grind have a habit of finding all sorts of reasons to bring it out. Also note the author of the OP article: Posted by Dave Heiner Vice President & Deputy General Counsel, Corporate Standards & Antitrust Group, Microsoft My company works in the same space as Thumbtack, and we eat the same amazing food. The expense is far less than you'd think due to economies of scale. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING beats a home cooked meal, and that's what the very talented Thea delivers. Good, wholesome food simply cannot be matched in a restaurant. Early this week Thea was sick and we had to settle for Zero Cater. Zero cater is OK, but everyone was glad when Thea came back. As for breaks to think, people go for walks. People go sit on a couch for awhile. There's no requirement for everyone to actually eat lunch together. You can eat at your desk if you want. You can even go out to eat if you want, but nobody does because they don't want to miss out on the yummy food ;-) 5. The CEO doesn't need to be a techie, but (s)he needs to understand how the sausage is made. 7. Some people hit a home run first time, but this is rare. Failure that you learn from makes you stronger and better prepared for your next time at bat. 9. It's usually easier to raise in Silicon Valley than in most other areas. There's lots more money floating around here. 12. Two things always fail: A good team with a bad idea, and a bad team with a good idea. 13. If the product applies to you as a user, it usually requires less work to build a good product. But if you're allergic to work, you're in the wrong business anyway. 20. Entrepreneurs answer to everyone, but not as serfs. 24. Funding is tricky. Make sure you have enough to follow your roadmap, but do your best to avoid dilution when you can. If you get more than you need, use it for more runway. Bonus: Don't fundraise in November/December if you can avoid it. Or, if you want to be sure that a search/replace of a name won't go awry, you could use names such as customerIdx, nodeIdx, accountIdx. It also helps keep things clear in the few cases where you find yourself with nested iterations (so that you don't accidentally call customers[j] when it should have been customers[i]). The problem here is not with the audience, but rather with the speaker. Daniel, you shouldn't even be worried about the copycats; they're not your true audience. Those 500 people who show up to paint the same house as you? They're not your true disciples. They'll play around getting paint on themselves for a week tops and then move on to the next shiny thing. The 3-4 who stay? THOSE are your disciples. So go ahead. Shout from the rooftops. Share your ideas. The copycats will slavishly praise the good advice, will implement it poorly, and then move on. And the 2-3 people who actually understand you, take your advice to heart, and with diligence and patience implement it will love you forever. Ideas are not the only diamonds in the rough; people are as well, and only diamonds can recognize diamonds. Don't bemoan by the vastness of the rough. Celebrate the rare diamonds you find instead. "He reports to Wells Fargo that PayPal has engaged in fraud by taking these payments to fund his PayPal account, which is a false claim" No, he didn't. In his own words: "I told the representative there that I had reported the claim through PayPal, but wanted it noted that the charges made on my account that day were fraudulent in nature. The representative appeared to understand, and helped me make record of the incident." The problem isn't with PayPal or his bank, as they'd eventually sort out the ping-pong notifications. The real problem is with Apple's draconian policy of taking all of a customer's purchases and data away from him if fraud reports occur on three or more occasions, regardless of why they occur (such as in this case with ping-ponging notifications between Wells Fargo and PayPal). It's yet another reason to not trust your life to the cloud, and always procure a separate, pirated copy of your purchased software so that nobody can take it away from you. San Francisco. http://www.mindsnacks.com/careers/ Looking for: QA Lead, UI Designer, Android Engineer, Backend Engineer, Mobile/Web Generalist Engineer, Intern (Engineer, Content, Marketing). H1B OK. We build fun games for brains in San Francisco. We're a small & talented team. We hate boring. Our investors are awesome. If you are nice and want to help us make splendid products, we'd love to hear from you! We want to change the way people learn. We think education is unnecessarily associated with blandness, and want to shake things up with fun at MindSnacks. "Si tacuisses, philosophus mansisses" - Boethius (If you had kept your silence, you would have stayed a philosopher) Thus far I've found that life is never too fast for silence, but often mistaken to be too fast for patience. Every worthwhile thing requires a substantial time investment. Failure is ALWAYS a great teacher. As long as you're listening, you'll learn far more than you would from success. I wrote the g65816 and spc700 cores used in MAME/MESS, but I haven't been involved in the emu scene for almost a decade now. I could take a look and see if there are any quick things I could graft in, but my time is so limited these days... I disagree. Fizzbuzz is actually a different beast in that it exploits the generality that people who can't think coherently in complex architectures usually can't think coherently in simple architectures either. It's also why I love it when an interviewee has never heard of fizzbuzz before; it means that I'll get a 100% true test of their ability to think in basic algorithms (i.e. they aren't regurgitating something committed to short term memory just before the interview - although that's usually easy to spot anyway). Nano-questions, on the other hand, I don't see as useful at all. I spent 5 years writing enterprise Java applications, and I couldn't tell you what package List and File are in without looking them up. I've also been away from Java for a few years and have been using other languages, so I couldn't tell you for sure if the "inheritance" keyword is colon, parenthesis, "extends", "subclass", "specializes", or whatever. So in this case I'd get 0 out of 3, thus weeding out a proven, experienced, enterprise Java architect. Even if I had known the answers, I'd consider it a major red flag that such questions were even asked, as it would bring into question the interviewer's ability to think creatively (and no creative person wants an uncreative boss). The "end of the hammer" question was a poor choice. Also, you could get that by asking them to pound a nail into a 2x4. A better example of nano-questions would be "What is the A312X131/22 3-1/2 inch nail used for?" or "How do the Black & Decker DS321 and Rockwell RK7866 belt sanders compare? When would you use one over the other?" I think in this case, "take this array of numbers and sort them" would do just fine to see if they know the basics of the language, much like "take this hammer and nail that nail" would for basic hammer knowledge. Another option would be to email the candidate a chunk of average code while you're on the phone with them, then say "walk me through the code and tell me what it's doing." "I think of these as "what color is the door" questions. If you tell me you've been working at Company X, I expect you to be able to tell me the color of the front door, or where the bathroom is, or something about the place. Not that I care, it's completely irrelevant to your skills, I just want to find out if you're really the person you claim to be before I waste time with a serious interview." That's what references are for. FWIW, I can't remember the color of the doors to ANY place I've worked, except for our current office which has quite a peculiar door. And besides, how are you going to know that I'm not bullshitting when I say the door was green and was right beside the elevator? The problem with nano questions is that they assume that these few tiny tidbits of trivial and often overlooked factoids are representative of knowledge on the whole, and thus are prone to false negatives. They are heavily biased towards what YOU tend to notice, not necessarily what others tend to notice. It's cheaper to contact a reference than it is to bring someone in for 5 hours. 4) There just aren't very many posthuman civilizations yet. The other three assume a crowded universe. I'm also 37, and have been programming a similar amount of time (15 of those years professionally). I've worked in 2 person, 10 person, 20 person, 30 person, 50 person, 300 person, and 5000 person organizations. What I've discovered is this: In larger organizations, you get respect by being the "answer" guy. If everyone's coming to you for advice, you become more important. In small organizations, you get respect for being the hero, who waves his magic wand and fixes things after everything goes to shit. This is easy to do since most of the operations are pretty basic and cowboy to begin with. The biggest key to respect (in mid-to-large organizations) is playing the political game. The more your name is on peoples' lips, the more important you'll appear to be. But the question is: WHY do you want it? If it's for the money, you can get much more money with less effort freelancing or consulting. If it's for security, you could also get that by digging yourself so deeply into an essential project that nobody can get you out. If it's for the admiration of your peers, just remember that it also sparks envy, and separates you from them emotionally. If you wish to belong, you're far better off choosing a faction to ally yourself with, and remaining loyal. Elevation is a loner's game. Upvoting you because the redditors are at it again, voting based on agreement rather than quality contribution to the discussion. It sounds like you're comfortable as a loner then. That gives you immense possibility, but also makes it harder to choose. My advice: Just pick something interesting and go with it. If it doesn't work out, pick something else. Fear of failure is worst in people who haven't failed yet, and that fear will impede you far more than actual failure ever could (I've had a few spectacular failures in my lifetime, to the point of being reduced to the clothes on my back, and each failure made me more fearless). You don't need the respect of others when you're making your own path. Mostly you just look back in slack-jawed amazement at all the silly thoughts, philosophies, and epiphanies you've had throughout your younger years, and wonder what your future self will think of your present self. "Because in addition to that $200 for the bus ticket, they'd also need money on hand for first month's rent, security deposit, probably some new furniture and houseware, etc. plus enough saved up to be able to commit to the lease without knowing how much income they'll have... if/once they do manage to line up a job." These concerns are not unique to the current generation. Pulling up stumps and moving in search of work and prosperity has ALWAYS been risky (hell, I've done it three times so far, once while massively in debt). It's just that now there's a very strong trend towards risk aversion, which makes it that much harder for the entrepreneurial spirit to flourish. In fact, it's even worse than that; With the internet, it's easier than ever before to find a job before you even decide whether to move or not. And yet more and more people remain complacent in a 13% jobless rate area when 3.3% is available for the taking. Of course, the good news is that for those who ARE adventurous, there's never been a better time to move and take advantage of the opportunities created by the fear of the majority. Last time was XP to Vista. How? By throwing anyone who refuses to "volunteer" on a live grenade? One big problem I see here is a tendency for black & white thinking. People in the real world don't fit into a neat little "cooperator" or "defector" package. A person's tendency to cooperate can be dependent upon a huge number of factors, including what the subject of cooperation is, how they're feeling that day, current events, political, moral, and religious opinions in vogue, illness and injury, the size of the potential benefit, relationships to other people who may be defecting or cooperating, whether they are a leader or a follower, etc. Running a simulation of simple, unchanging people doesn't produce much useful information for the real world. Real life cooperation relationships are a lot more intricate and complex. Despite the sensational title, the article itself makes no mention of "stopping diabetes in its tracks"; merely tracing the emergence of diabetes. Open source developers tend to fall into two camps: 1. I am providing a public service, so I'll do my best to make it simple, complete, accessible, and reliable. 2. I've invested a lot of my precious time writing this code and am graciously providing it free of charge. Therefore, you should consider yourself lucky that I'm allowing you to use it at all. In my experience, it's difficult for those in one camp to find common ground with the other. Group 2 tends to flourish in wild frontiers, whereas those in group 1 tend to do better in more established areas. I think it's a pretty common occurrence. FB came after me a couple of months ago, but truth be told, I wouldn't even be co-founding a startup if I didn't believe in it. It would take a LOT (read: impossible) to woo me away from something I believe in. I suspect most serious co-founders are the same way. Dip into the cushion fund that you wisely kept for just such an emergency. TBH I don't even see the problem with a three year old seeing A New Hope (except that he might be too young to understand it and might get bored and turn it off). What damage are you hoping to prevent, exactly? Exposure to new ideas is a GOOD thing. Actively preventing your children from knowing about something simply because you disagree with it is censorship in its worst form. Am I the only one who, though exposed to violent media as a young child, didn't turn into a deranged psychopath? I don't know. What does the relevant medical literature say? I actually know Avand personally, and his humor is often awkward, as is common in many geeks. I can see where he was trying to go with the joke (exactly where he said he was trying to go in his equally awkward apology), but once you trip up on a sensitive topic, people immediately arrange themselves to be maximally offended. Once this happens, anything short of a blood sacrifice is insufficient, and woe be to anyone who fails to make a 100% flawless apology! So for the socially awkward, the result of a failed joke is a bad situation that it's impossible to get out of, because nobody is willing to accept that there exist people who are less than perfect when it comes to the social dance. Once again, it comes down to a difference between what each person considers an appropriate apology. What you usually see (including in this case) is an apology, followed by people arguing over whether the apology was sufficient or not. "Sincerity" is gauged based on whether you think the apology is good enough. If not, the usual response is to say that the offender obviously didn't care enough and is being insincere. All great movies. Some others (with varying degrees of sophistication): The 13th Floor ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0139809/ ) A Scanner Darkly ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405296/ ) Brazil ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088846/ ) Time Bandits ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081633/ ) Dark City ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118929/ ) - A little disappointing at the end though =/ So if I take on a commission to paint something for you, and once I deliver it you decide you wanted a different expression on the face, and I then change it, does that mean that my painting wasn't art in the first place? If I'm in a band, and I make some music and the fans don't like the buzzsaw sound, and I then remove it and remaster the track, does that mean that my song wasn't art in the first place? Very difficult to use on iPad. You end up drilling down when you try to touch the circle for the pop-up. It's also hard to hit the red part of the circle. Short answer: Go to college. Long answer: College/university is for three things: 1. College is for gaining formal training in the profession you plan to enter. Foregoing that formal training leaves you without the foundations your profession is based upon, which means that you'll forever be solving problems in a sub-optimal way, leaving a trail of destruction in your wake. If you're looking for job security and high salary and good references, then you need something that elevates you above your peers. By not going to college, you lower yourself below your peers. 2. College is an opportunity to study other fields that you WILL be interacting with in the real world (such as business). That knowledge gives you a massive edge. 3. College is an opportunity to make contacts, which are invaluable as you progress in your career. In fact, I'd say that contacts are THE absolute biggest path to success. If you want to be successful, hang around successful people. My first language (after basic) was 68000 assembler (unless you count digital logic), followed by C and C++. When I went to college, they were imposing Object Pascal, which seemed a clunky and pointless language overall. It's possible that the language wasn't as bad as I made it out to be, but first impressions tend to be lasting impressions. Objective C is the 6th C-like language I've used professionally. It took a bit of getting used to, but now that I know the overall design goals, and how everything's implemented under the hood, I find it to be quite an elegant language. Properly designed APIs are a joy to use in Objective C since it's very easy to describe your intent. "Single-sex education results in better student outcomes." According to whom? Personally, I'm not even convinced that age segregation in education is a good idea. 6. Fail in some catastrophic ways. It's the best way to shed your fear of the unknown. You're not going to get anywhere discriminating based on age group. Awesome programmers are awesome because they're flexible and adaptable. The only difference is that more experienced awesome programmers have already tried a lot of stuff and know the pitfalls. They cost more, but you get faster and more reliable results. Also, humans can't multi-task. Multi-tasking only allows you do do a lot of stuff poorly, especially if it's a task requiring focus such as programming. The best approach for the hackers now is to start releasing fake exploit videos for every single game out there. Once Sony cuts off enough games, the public outcry will be massive. And if they don't cut them off, they'll potentially be leaving holes behind. Another major factor is geography. America could not have become the powerhouse she is today if she didn't control the entire Mississippi river and bordering lands. The only other country that comes close in this regard is China. I used tapes until I was around 12 years old. Around then my transition away from tapes into floppies was pretty much at the point I never used them again (except for music, until CDs took over). Objective-C supports GC. You can choose to use it or not in OS X. In iOS, there's ARC. "with ARC you don't actually have to do anything as a developer" * With the caveat: if you're using blocks, you need to be careful about unintentional circular retains, and sometimes take extra steps to avoid them. How would you determine that a book isn't being read? San Francisco, CA Fulltime, internships We build fun games for brains in San Francisco. We're a small & talented team. We hate boring. Our investors are awesome. If you are nice and want to help us make splendid products, we'd love to hear from you. Looking for: mobile engineers (iOS, Android), backend engineers, UI designer, animators, interns (engineering, marketing, art design). http://www.mindsnacks.com/careers/ I remember the Commodore 16, especially their TV ad that used Ringo Starr's "You're 16" theme. It seemed like a weird move since they already had the C64... I also went the Commodore route. I still remember when I got my A501, giving me a whopping 1MB of ram! I used Lattice C, and GCC to a lesser extent. Later, after finding out how hard it was to get ahold of the 3000/UX version of UNIX, I installed NetBSD on my regular A3000. Fun times... I liked the M68k series so much I eventually wrote an emulator for it, which is used in MAME to this day. Not sure what to put down, since my general server runs Ubuntu, my games machine runs Windows 7, and my work machine runs Lion (for iOS dev). I use all three almost daily. And if I'm looking for a way in gimp to change all the reddish pixels to greenish, what do I type into the HUD? If I want to know all the formatting, sizing, coloring stuff that can be done to a word/line/paragraph, what do I type into the HUD? Microsoft hasn't had any problems with their development tools that support rather archaic languages. The problem is solvable; it's just that making a decent developer product is not a priority at Apple. Provisioning is another example of terrible UI. And then there's their crappy command line/scripting support (for integration into a CI server), and their horrible developer portal web interface. The entire developer UI and usability experience is downright embarrassing. And to cap it off you have the typical Apple unhelpful or misleading error messages, including the most common and my personal favorite "An unknown error has occurred". Ugh... my blood is boiling already, and I still have another 10 hours today with this shitty tool to look forward to... Give p4merge a try. We have a huge codebase, and I've found that p4merge, though not perfect, tends to do better than the default. Another thing we've done to keep the insanity down is break our monolithic project into a few library projects to keep the project file merge damage to a minimum. "Don’t get me wrong. I’m not going to go on some freakin’ tirade here about first or fourth amendment rights. " ... "The LAST time I checked, this was still America. The last time I checked, I was afforded the right to speak my mind (First Amendment). The last time I checked, I was protected from unlawful search and seizure or demands on my privacy (Fourth Amendment)." Umm... Actually it's kind of funny... I recently wrote a base64 encoder/decoder that makes use of native endian order to build 16-bit unsigned int based lookup tables that map to the correct byte sequence in memory regardless of native endianness. Looking up a 16-bit int rather than 2 chars, and outputting as a 32-bit int rather than 4 chars yields a nice performance boost at the cost of possibly not being portable for some more esoteric architectures that don't have a 16 and 32-bit unsigned int type. So while he's right that 99% of the time you shouldn't be fiddling with byte order, it still pays to know how to wield such a tool, and it's most definitely not just for compiler writers. "Bradley Ruffle at Ben-Gurion University and Ze’ev Shtudiner at Ariel University Centre looked at what happens when job hunters include photos with their curricula vitae, as is the norm in much of Europe and Asia." It's likely we're seeing some vestiges of evolutionary psychology (an attractive female as a threat to other females) that are subconsciously affecting judgment in an area that, though no threat actually exists, is recent enough in our evolutionary history that we're as yet maladapted to it. In this case, it's not so much jealousy as protecting one's turf. In fact, I'd expect that the exact opposite occurs when the HR person is male: Prefer attractive females, and discriminate against good/successful looking males. It would be interesting to see a study that recorded in each case the gender of the HR person. We like to think of ourselves as completely objective, but we never are. "the top OSS projects aren't on GitHub and similar" True, however if you're a contributor to a top OSS project, you'd tell me that when you apply, and send me an example of one of your contributions that you're particularly proud of (at least I hope you do, otherwise I won't know!) Puzzles and challenges are useful when the candidate doesn't have any good examples of their work that they're at liberty to share with you. I'm very wary of hiring someone without seeing any of their work. We've been taking this approach for awhile now, and it's worked out well for us. YES! Tenacity is THE biggest contributor to success, along with the ability to learn the lessons failure teaches. Domain expertise and a strong academic foundation can give you a massive edge, but alone they are not enough.