Real wizards code in Reality. I think the fundamental question is whether or not people in poverty can afford to buy food to eat. Not 'nice food' but 'food', period. The answer is usually - and increasingly - a very simple 'no.' Here are stats from one food bank org: http://www.trusselltrust.org/stats Or how about being too poor to heat your home? At least 15% of households are in fuel poverty: http://www.opportunitystudies.org/repository/File/fuel%20pov... Aside from the humanitarian questions, which should be self-evident, the reality is that poverty is a criminal waste of potential. At least some of those worrying about food and heat have - had - the potential to be inventors and entrepreneurs. That's not going to be possible while the culture they live in keeps them poor. Better than Gawker style: "The finance industry decided to screw over the nation's university students. You won't believe what happened next!" They didn't need patent law, because they had princes and armies. The also had a culture in which information couldn't travel faster than a man (usually a man...) on a horse, and patentable information could only be understood by a few hundred individuals in each country, at most. One of the points of patent law is to distribute the rewards of invention, so individual inventors - not corporations - benefit from their creativity. Patent protections aren't the only element in this, but they're one element, and a lot of 20th century products would never have appeared otherwise. It's simply not historical to argue otherwise. The 21st century works differently, but with the irony that the FOSS people claim their way is absolutely correct, and no other system is workable. Sharing certainly works if you have a day job that pays your bills. But innovation is not invention. Patents were originally designed for creative inventors , not commercial packaging operations like [insert corporate giant here], or freeware mash-up/YetAnotherFramework projects. In the US at least, the system has become a joke. But just because it's broken doesn't mean that inventors shouldn't be rewarded and protected somehow. Privacy concerns. Speed. Efficiency. Mobile data costs. >You have to be middle-class or higher in an advanced economy to use their system, in real terms. True for Apple PCs (except for the Mac Mini, but most people don't buy those.) Especially true for MacBooks. Not true at all for iPhones which are available on very affordable plans in all developed countries, and are ubiquitous, even for users who are nowhere near middle class. Microsoft is in transition. The idiocy that was Windows 8 all-but killed the Wintel desktop PC market. The server side is healthy, but desktop Windows is looking very shaky indeed. For better or worse, Jobs deliberately moved Apple out of Enterprise. We can argue about why, and we can argue whether or not it was a good decision. But Apple decided to focus on consumer computing - which strengthened the consumer brand and freed up development resources, if nothing else. MS is still trying to slide into all kinds of niches. It's succeeding in a few, but failing and flailing in many. Nadella will likely be more focused than spaghetti-at-the-wall Ballmer, so we'll have to see how that works out. Azure isn't solid enough as a cloud service yet - too many outages. Server is looking good. Office is kind of old and boring now, but still does what it does. So what can MS offer modern startups that they can't get better and/or cheaper elsewhere? I guess 'population' never included the original natives. Journalism thinks it forms a cornerstone of our democracies. But then it also seems to believe that we have democracy, which we plainly don't. I like the article. It has weaknesses, but it makes some good points. The bigger issue - to what extent should the media be about political empowerment - is another question. I'd suggest current branding/advertising strategies are entirely about disempowerment, because they train consumers to think and act passively. When you believe that politics is about voting for Product A vs Product B, which is almost like a Facebook like only it lasts a little longer, then you've already lost all your political power. Traditional journalism was sometimes able to hold power to account. We're not going to that from clickbait intent/interest marketing. Can anyone imagine Buzzfeed breaking the next Pentagon Papers? So who's going to hold power to account now? And how? I also live in Europe and I've had no problem paying Linode with a debit card. >The threat from Qutbism Islamic Fundamentalism (Wahhabi/Salafist inspired terrorism) is real and intelligence organisations work constantly to prevent attacks. Is it more real than the threat from a government forcing disabled people into suicide? Or retooling 'reform' on the economy with zero-hours contracts, depressed wages, and asset inflation? If anyone was looking to protect the elderly, the young, and the incapacitated, do you really think they'd hire GCHQ, Group 4, Capita, and the rest? Oh - and we know the spooks keep personal files. This has been going on for decades. Anyone to the left of Enoch Powell was fair game - including at least one former Prime Minister. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2006/mar/15/comment... Are you telling us this has all stopped, because Internet, and because (we're told) you never saw it personally, so it doesn't happen? How many cheap, disposable, locally-networked drone-bombs could you make for the price of an F-35? How many could you make by spending 1% of the $1Tr tag the F-35 program has cost? Manned planes are the cavalry of the 21st century. They're glamorous and dashing, but also insanely high maintenance. On-board AI will only get better. And you only need one kill from a disposable unit to take out a manually-flown enemy. >In the last sixty years, a tremendous amount of money has been poured into education. That wouldn't be the last sixty years of explosive innovation and social growth, would it? You mean the most inventive and creative sixty years in all of human history? The problem now is that universities have become degree mills and social networking clubs. The subscription fees are insane, and because education has become commoditised, and too much of the process exists to exploit students instead of educating them, the results are becoming ever-more mediocre. But it would surely be possible to make useful adult education a part-time thing, with the rest of the time spent on useful work. It's not as if there aren't enough jobs that need to be done in healthcare, infrastructure maintenance, childcare, teaching, and all the other work that counts towards social, not investor, dividends. Unfortunately these jobs are deemed 'too expensive' and 'a drain on resources' - which is code for 'we're not going to make money from them in the next six months, so fuck everyone.' Stock prices are animal herd logic, not science. See e.g. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=670404 If you believe that business should have long-term horizons and not simply be a machine for organising the maximum possible quarterly profit, stock markets in their current form are one of the least efficient ways to organise labor and capital. Inflated CEO pay is only one symptom of this. Just as an aside, I don't think ePub3 is going anywhere. Last time I looked it was an unholy mess and likely to remain so. As less of an aside, I think CC sharing and direct crowdfunding is the way things will go for creators. The only thing labels and distributors bring to the table for artists is public access, sponsorship, and promotion. A public creative network would bypass the first, support direct funding for the second, and promotion would become by fans for fans. I see no bad here - and if it means an end-run around the monopsonies and the death of the ad networks, even better. Neat idea. But if you were a time traveller, what would you use Google for, and why? I'm not convinced you're going to be Googling the future pope, because it's trivially easy to Google the current one. The possible telltales are not obvious. "so it's really hard to get a serious job in, say, software development, with just a few Coursera courses on your resumé" I think most wise recruiters will look for evidence of being smart, of getting stuff done, and of being a good fit. Unless you're in research, serious jobs are project based, not learning based. If you spend three years learning all you can about CS and making an Awesome Cool Thing, I don't think many employers are going to think 'Meh.' The situation in the UK is that degrees are getting more and more expensive and less and less valuable. It's making more sense now to go straight into work, even at intern level, than to lose three years and rack up tens of thousands in debt for no obvious benefit. If the teaching and learning were truly worth the cash, it would be no contest. But outside the Big Name universities, they really aren't. And even there, a big part of the benefit comes the networking opportunities. In middle league universities you don't get the networking, or the teaching, or the experience, or the industry connections. So what are you paying for? This seems like the beginnings of something essential. The current system is hopelessly broken and corrupt. It's not serving most students, it's not serving most teachers, and it's not even serving most employers. It mostly seems to be serving bean counters, bureaucrats, and property speculators, who are all making out like bandits. A serious disruption is inevitable. >than some imagined hurt to the economy Whose economy? I don't see how people who are working >80 hours a week are living in the same economy as the 'investors' they work for. Real spending power for most people has crashed since 2008; tech is a rare exception. How can that happen if these people are valued, equal participants in the national economy? Most EU unemployment is in the countries comprehensively raped by the IMF/EU Central Bank/European Commission cabal, who swooped in after 2008 demanding huge cuts in social spending so that the bond investors who were partly responsible for the crisis would be inconvenienced as little as possible. Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Spain and Cyprus have seen huge leaps in unemployment, underage prostitution, suicide, child and adult mortality, and drug use as a result. They used to be solid economies, with EU-wide unemployment running at around 7%. Now they're hollowed out shells. 'Employers' have nothing to do with this. It was purely a political decision, based on bad economic science (at best) and north-south racism at worst. Specifically, it's PR for nice lounges. Maybe YC can found LoungeBase[tm] - my new start-up which offers lounge services for customers of other startups. More seriously, I read Branson's autobiog recently. He likes taking chances, but if he hadn't had family resources to fall back on when starting out he would have been in jail. So that helped too. The professionals use StackOverflow. My problem with articles like this is that it ignores the fact that adults frequently act fearful and crazy too - especially when acting collectively and/or politically. You wouldn't have politics in its current forms if adult humans were fully rational and able to treat fear-mongering demagogues with indifference and contempt instead of adulation. Perhaps the real difference between adolescence and that kind of adulthood is the fact that adult craziness is mainstream and socially sanctioned, so it's not seen as crazy, while teen angst is considered proof of immaturity because it's not 'responsibly' frightened like adults are. Money is not merely a means of trading goods. Capitalist culture is essentially a Darwinian zero-sum game. Winners win big, losers lose freedom, basic necessities, and ultimately their lives - directly through a life of quasi-slavery working for someone else's benefit, and also through drastically shortened lifespan. Money is the game counter. Decisions about how much money is available, who has access to it under what circumstances, and how much freedom they get in return for that access, define the game. But they're not set democratically - they're declared by a fiat, by a priestly caste of economists and bankers who administer the game. The big difference between a Star Trek economy and this one is that in Star Trek, the game doesn't exist. Nor does the priestly caste. What happens instead is that individuals trust the culture to do everything it can to look after them, and in return the culture trusts individuals to contribute voluntarily without freeloading, or without having some kind of semi-psychotic 'use all the things' fit of pointless public consumption. It's effectively a trust economy, instead of a top-down planned economy like the capitalist system. Wait - capitalism is a planned economy? Uh huh. Didn't you notice? It's as planned as the Soviet economy was, but instead of the Politburo, the planning is coordinated by the priestly caste which sets the rules of commerce (e.g. 'corporations must maximise profits and growth at all costs, even at the expense of long-term social stability'.) In Star Trek, the economists have been replaced by planners who treat individuals like adults. The individuals act like adults, because they understand that the social benefits of volunteering time and talent vastly outweigh the personal costs, even if it costs them their lives. In capitalism individuals are forced to compete for essentials. This makes volunteering impossible for most of the population. It also turns the culture into a bear pit, and wastes a lot of energy on pointlessly damaging individual competition. >A large component of 70's stagflation was just supply shocks for oil. Why this never gets brought up, or is just brushed aside casually is beyond me. It's politically expedient to forget it - just as it's politically expedient to forget that the people causing the oil shocks and the people who benefited from them politically seemed (and continue to seem) to have some interesting relationships. Keynes is in danger of being written out of history, in the same way that dissidents like Henry George were. I'm not sure how many people realise the extent to which anti-Keynesian narratives were deliberately promoted and funded after WWII, especially in Chicago. The fact that Keynes is no longer considered an orthodox policy source is not an accident. >All statements are true, false, arbitrary, or nonsensical. And which was that? AI depends heavily on statements that are somewhat true and somewhat false at the same time. How distorted does a letter shape have to be before it stops being readable? How much does readability depend on context? How much does meaning depend on context? What if input is inherently ambiguous and noisy but there's a signal under there somewhere? As for smarts, there are different kinds: Abstract symbolic reasoning (e.g. pure maths) Using abstract symbolic reasoning to predict possible futures (physics, engineering, finance, AI) A talent for optimising choices towards an explicit goal through abstract reasoning about possible futures (all of the above, with brain-powered decision making) The same, but using unconscious processes ('intuition') that are not explicitly abstract or logical (all brain, no AI so far, but still effective) The author seems to be suggesting that the first two kinds of smarts don't necessarily translate into the second two kinds, for various reasons. And not all smart people realise this. He's in the Ecuadorian Embassy, which is beyond the legal reach of the US, the UK, and Sweden. He jumped bail because the UK was going to deport him to Sweden, and Sweden was likely to deport him to the US, where he'd be Manninged before (eventual) trial. Jumping bail isn't a crime in the UK. It simply means the gov gets to keep your bail money. If Sweden drops charges he'll be free to go, unless the UK can manufacture a pretext for extradition (always possible) or the US sweeps him off the street (also possible, but unlikely to make the US popular with European countries who are already unhappy about being spied on.) The key element is motivation. Good managers are about getting the job done. Bad managers are all about abusing the people under them to make themselves feel more important. These are not compatible goals. One of the tragedies of MBA culture is that it teaches businesses to screw over employees, customers, and often shareholders too. There's no sense of making a contribution - it's all about being the criminal with the knife, taking on people who can't defend themselves or don't even understand they're being mugged. An archipelago of lush but unstable islands prone to earthquakes and volcanoes? It's the difference between yelling at innocent people in an uncoordinated and sporadic way, and attacking them with heavy weaponry because you believe they're Satan. I'm in my 50s, and I'm having a ton of fun with this new stuff. After burning out at a startup that did everything in 68000 assembler (nice architecture...) in my 20s I'm getting back to dev work now and finding I still have aptitude and curiosity. There is a lot happening. But the change has barely has started yet. I can see hints of new shapes coming over the horizon, and anyone who thinks they're going to be needing the same skills ten years from now is fooling themselves. Imperative and functional styles have been around for decades already, it's true there's a lot of pointless reinvention (at worst) and refinement (at best) happening. But very different things will start happening within the decade. IMO the fallout after the bootstrapping will be like nothing anyone has seen before. If you want to provide evidence of a surplus of rational evidence-based policy in national and economic policy and international relations in the last hundred years or so, I'm sure you can prove my point is bullshit. But so far all you've done is call me names, which isn't evidence as most people understand it. Maybe not so ironically, it's a fine example of the kind of angry rhetoric I was talking about. >how can you explain the modern world, in which the poorest residents of the industrialized countries consider their birthright many things that the Kings of old could literally not have gotten at any price? You mean the world in which regulation and enforced redistribution of profits created a thriving middle class and spurred a boom in tech innovation? The world which started dying around 1980, when regulation began to be eroded? The world which is now over, leaving a working population crippled by debt, unable to afford basic housing even on a way-above-average salary? Tech is an exception. Kind of. Some of the time. For now. The important word there being 'exception.' What made kings kings wasn't a pile of stuff, it was the ability to set policy. How much influence do you have over national and international policy? Do you think the question is ridiculous? It's not. It's the fundamental question that defines democracy. How big is your area of interest? You? Your family? Your friends? Your company? Your country? The world? How wide and detailed is your predictive horizon? >Don't just read the propaganda, think. Don't just think and persuade yourself that you're right - research, fact-check, and challenge your own beliefs. Talk to people outside your comfort zone and usual circles. Go find out what's happening on the streets, in other countries, in the areas of the planet that are becoming increasingly inhospitable and difficult to live in. Then we can talk about the modern world means to the people who live in it. You may find not everyone is as comfortable as you are. Capitalism is a naive, wasteful way to run an economy. It explodes regularly in boom/bubble/bust cycles, it wastes human and natural resources with insane abandon, and it enforces a tacit caste system which puts a huge brake on social mobility. My iPhone is nice. So is medical care. The Internet is definitely a win. Last time I looked science and engineering invented most of these things. Capitalism tried to sell them to me, not always in a good way. Sometimes it kept me from trying to find better alternatives. (Richard Gabriel is good on this.) So I'm not yet convinced everyone couldn't have equivalent things - perhaps much better things - without having to pay a wrenchingly high price in avoidable economic instability, and questionable, sometimes corrupt, policy. I'm not sure that font choices are entirely subjective. Legibility matters, and it's not impossible that better legibility means fewer bugs and less eye/brain strain. It would be cool if there was objective research into this. (I don't know of any, but I haven't tried searching very hard.) I can't look at M+ without seeing M+. With other fonts - I'm old-fashioned and like Menlo, but I've tried many others - all I see is code. All the visual twitching - busy, busy, busy - makes me feel like I'm looking at someone's migraine. Worked fine on Chrome for Mac here, but instantly redlined my i7. Eventually there will be a Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi. Let's hope it handles tail recursion. I made a home heating controller with temp plotting and frost alarm out of a couple of Pis. I don't think a $5 microcontroller would have run a tiny web server, tiny email server, or the plotter code that forms the core of the project. The Pi is a fine budget Linux computer. It's not fast, it's not powerful, it's not expensive. But it's fast enough and powerful enough for embedded applications you can put online without breaking a sweat. I bolted some 10A 5V relays onto the GPIO pins via a 3V3-5V converter board to switch the heating circuits on and off. There are some standard 1-wire temp sensors - docs are easy to find online. The 1-wire protocol allows for really long cabling and doesn't need external power, so it's ideal for this kind of project There's some incredibly simple Python code controlling the relays and reading the sensors, and GNUPLOT runs off a cron job to plot the temperatures to image files that get served in a web page via lighttpd. Because I don't have a static IP at home the Pi pings my Linode server with its IP address every minute, and the Pi server web pages are wrapped in an iframe that pulls them off the current home IP. The whole thing is a total hack, but it works well enough. Bottom line is I can see the indoor/pipe/tank/outdoor temps from anywhere, and the heating turns on if it thinks the pipes are going to freeze, and turns off if the water in the tank and/or room temps are warm enough. I can also turn the heating on and off remotely. It wasn't quite trivial to do, but it wasn't a hair-tearing challenge either. So far as I can tell, it was easier than it would have been with alternative boards. Basically anyone who knows beginner-level Linux server set-up and some very basic electronics should be able to build something like this around the Pi. It's perfect for this kind of embedded micro-server/controller project. Intelligent behaviour in humans and other animals shows evidence of wide-scale situational awareness, and independent, unpredictable motivation. Before you use pattern recognition (i.e. pre-defined, remembered, or improvised abstraction for invariants) to solve a problem, you have to understand there's a problem to be solved. ML seems to be doing well at pattern recognition, but that second problem - understanding what needs to be done in a situation, and why, and accurately predicting possible developments and consequences - is possibly more critical for real singularity-style intelligence. It's machine reasoning as opposed to machine learning - in the street-wise sense, not the theorem proving sense. I'm not sold. The first thing you see on Knewton's page is 'Every education leader needs an adaptive learning infrastructure'. Then you have a buzzword car crash with 'Adaptive Ontology', 'Model Computation Engine', etc. It's a good bet that most people - education leaders included - know nothing about ML. So what they see here is a page of jargon they don't understand, and some social proof (not so bad, but a bit late.) You don't get a plain English benefit statement - 'See how Knewton improves student achievement' - until you scroll to the bottom of the page and/or start clicking through to the next pages. Is this design really the result of user analytics? Did the page say something like 'We help your students learn", but that was taken down because it didn't get conversions? Bottom line - I'd be surprised if the content on this page makes it easier to sell the product to first-time visitors. (And it looks like an interesting product. But I can guess what the words mean, so I'm probably not a typical customer.) I'm open to the idea that marketing needs engineering, and vice versa. But I'd suggest that more than anything, start-ups need a good customer champion who can step outside the company culture to provide evidence-based reviews of marketing materials and products as customers see them - not as marketing or engineering want them to be seen. Analytics may not be enough, because you can't be sure you're asking the right questions and mis-optimizing for a small local maximum while missing something important elsewhere. Yes. We have the problem that the 'financial industry' is running some kind of insane MMORPG which excludes and abuses most of the population to make a fast buck. What markets should do to be efficient is invest in clever, talented people doing clever, talented things. Every step back from that is economically inefficient, because it makes it harder to create a population with deep reserves of wealth and opportunity. Games like this one are the equivalent of having someone cut in front of you on the freeway in a semi. It's not efficient, it's just banal abuse of a system that is supposed to reward good ideas and filter out bad ones. >The economics of subscription suggest a shift in incentives away from the years-long creation of 300+ page tomes, and toward serialization or shorter forms. This has already happened. For smarter writers, Amazon's distribution model killed the Big Novel model and pushed them to a cheap installment-of-the-month model. Dickens used to publish like this (not through Amazon, obviously) so it's not necessarily a bad model. But writers are notoriously bad at business, which is why mainstream publishing contracts have gotten away with being so larcenous and exploitative for so long, and why it's been so hard to make a living out of fiction unless you top the best-seller lists. Amazon changed that. A lot of authors were finding they could support themselves from self-published fiction, full-time - which was never possible with trad-pub contracts, because they give mid-list and lower writers a tiny advance, insultingly small royalties, and take up to two years to get a book into the stores after the writing is done. Those self-pub writers are going to be looking at this nervously to see how it changes the economics again. Not that they should be surprised. A lot of people predicted this. From the content of this email, it's not middle management that's the problem. This is Mammoth Management - you stomp around looking big and hairy and making trumpeting noises, and then you become extinct. You're assuming the unprofitable business will become profitable. Businesses are never unprofitable because they have too many employees. Businesses are unprofitable when management lacks the skills, the foresight, or the vision to make those employees profitable. Edit: If this isn't obvious consider what a world-class entrepreneur could do with 12,000 experienced employees, a couple of billion in severance savings, and a kick-ass idea. We don't. But the odds are good - based on hard evidence - that the absence of warrants and reasonable suspicions makes no difference whatsoever. >Many terrible arguments are for things you should do. Many seemingly perfect arguments are in support of horrible things. That mixes up the quality and sophistication of the arguers with general validity. The problem is more that decision-making - especially political and economic decision-making - isn't evidence-based. The fact that economists and politicians use rhetoric instead of reason suggests that you can't have a workable democracy without evidence-based policy. I'd go further and suggest that knowingly lying to or misleading the public should be a serious crime punishable by jail time. Lists like the one in this book aren't enough, because so few people understand there's a problem. I'm waiting for the 'Let's build a Moonbase' Kickstarter. The great thing about this book is that it's not just for Processing. It has the most accessible descriptions of vector fields, genetic algorithms, neural networks (etc) that I've seen anywhere. >The point of these complications is that you are able to travel farther and faster on a jumbo jet than on a bicycle and these journeys will take you to many more interesting places But perhaps really good tools would offer all of that without losing the ease of use of a bicycle. The problem is that current tools are working at the toolchain equivalent of assembler - or maybe C, for something like git. Tools that work at the toolchain equivalent of a good functional programming language - never mind a toolchain with useful AI assistance - haven't been built yet. Including a Cult of Personality, in too many cases. Even if it's not always wreathed around individuals, the role has been mythologized to an unhealthy, even a ridiculous extent which has allowed many CEOs to ignore consequences and accountability. But my suspicion is that in the general case, all systems tend towards aristocracy and oligarchy, no matter how they dress on the outside, and that every system evolves its own Theory of Social Privilege to legitimise and promote certain kinds of relationships and transactions and prevent others. I'm not aware of any mainstream economic theory that describes a limited network in which everyone is both a customer and a trader. (I suspect 'hamsters on wheels' comes closest, but it's not very mainstream.) I think of YC as the modern equivalent of the old music business model: money gets advanced to potential talent, most of it disappears, some of it returns as a big hit. The fact that the talent may be trading with other talent doesn't appear to alter that dynamic, because the money stays in the system, and you don't get a big hit until money starts coming in from outside the system. 'Epistemology - we've heard of it.' Are you saying that science should never be used to guide policy, because scientific conclusions are always debatable? As it happens they are - for varying values of 'debatable.' When you get a reasonable level of informed consensus - preferably one that has a reasonable chance of being undistorted by commercial interests - the debatability stops being interesting or relevant. The problem isn't that conclusions aren't certain. The problem is that political decision makers believe their personal opinions about policy and outcomes are at least as valid as those of full-time PhD-qualified professional researchers. And voters believe them. Because rhetoric. You don't need to know who Thomas Bayes was to understand how this leads to policy disasters. You don't even need to believe that experts are always right. You just need to understand that they're more likely to be right than an amateur with a sharp suit, a financial sponsor, and a strong opinion. Virgin are primarily a brand, not a syndicate. Branson owns Virgin Management who are the central VC/Management corp. He has varying stakes in the other companies which vary from outright ownership, majority holding, minority holding, to brand licensing deals with occasional informal management input but no shareholding. Bottom line is the different businesses are independent. Branson probably gets perks like free travel, and maybe some of the Virgin execs do. But I'm not aware of any loose internal market or preferred vendor relationship. I'm trying and failing to think of an example of the model you're suggesting. (Which doesn't mean there isn't one - just that I'm not familiar with it. Maybe the recent Apple/IBM deal?) It's an interesting model, but I'm not sure how well it works when customers can also be potential competitors. AFAIK syndication traditionally works better when relationships are distant and there's no immediate danger of competition. If you want to scare yourself, try using the words 'JavaScript' and 'Singularity' in the same sentence. I tried Trello and didn't get it. Now I'm wondering if I'm the only person on the planet for whom it didn't work. But still - I have a lot of ideas and projects that need organising, and Trello just didn't happen for me. Good on JS for another successful launch though. Let's spare a few moderated neutrons for Project Pluto: http://www.merkle.com/pluto/pluto.html Considering the trail of idiocy and failure in tech, especially at C-Suite level, 'The industry must be competitive' is perhaps not a statement that overlaps with reality. Competition is not a fetish. It's not a de facto solution that showers the world with good things. Quite often it makes people do unintelligent things for silly reasons. It's actually a mythology. And it's perfectly fine to criticise blind adherence to it. As for women in tech - I'm always fascinated that the pressure is one way. Why don't the fashion or beauty industries - which are hardly small or financially irrelevant - complain that so few men work in them? I suppose there's a presumption that tech is very serious and important, and fashion and beauty are trivial, silly, and vapid. Problem is, tech is often trivial, silly, and vapid too - as is a lot of business culture. How many products have been released that fundamentally fail to work? How many projects have veered off in surreal directions because innovation[tm]? How many episodes of Dilbert have there been now? Perhaps it's the perception of seriousness and importance that's the real problem. As a side note, fashion contributes around £26bn to UK GDP. It's very difficult to get hard facts how software compares, because the definition can include anyone selling anything from a website. But web design and app development on their own are much, much smaller. >Clearly someone thinks they're good for grunt work, but not suited to lead. This. Who sets policy? Who makes the decisions? What value system do they use to do it? And most of all - who benefits from their decisions? The debate isn't really about diversity, it's about values. And you won't get 'diversity' until those values change and become less dysfunctionally self-serving. If you have no experience of good education, how are you supposed to know what good education can do for you? America used to have first-rate public schools. So did many other Western countries. A lot of the early computer pioneers from the late 40s to the late 60s came up through that system, and it's a fair bet that technology would have developed more slowly without it. But for some reason teaching the proles to think and improve themselves doesn't meet with universal approval, and public education now is much less generous than it used to be. At the same time there's been a constant propaganda onslaught from low-information media that shapes perceptions about what's interesting and important, and that media menu doesn't include learning cool stuff for fun or for profit. So people end up educationally damaged and demotivated for a reason. Pigeon-holing them as 'lazy and unmotivated' is a very lazy way to misunderstand what's happened to them. Everyone involved in WW2 could do worse than research who funded Hitler, and why. WW2 wouldn't have happened without that funding. It's interesting - to me, anyway - that there's endless talk about patterns and methodologies and various heavily promoted (but often questionable) project management traditions in software. But there's no formal, explicit and established pattern/process which guides a project through the stages of invention, innovation, refinement (debugging and user feedback), deployment and promotion, and preparation for maintenance with documentation. If you're lucky and/or experienced and/or have good project management some of these things will be done well. If not - nope. In your case I can see why ASIC culture crept over to software. But if software had an existing culture, you - and everyone else - would be able to try out new ideas without management terror that you were going to break something. I read the $3-4m as what they're hoping the idea might be worth, one day. I.e. wishful thinking, and irrelevant. Likewise the $500k. Does that depend on a successful funding round? Because if it does, it's a long way from being a sure thing. You're being low-balled on salary and on equity. This doesn't set a good precedent for your future relationship. A competent, trustworthy founder team would do neither. I'd either pass or suggest they pay the market rate for the same level of equity. If they can't afford the market rate - or can't afford it yet - that's Not Your Problem. Of course there's the risk they have something really special. But I'd guess if it's really special, funding will be easier to find and there should be no need to make you take on a financial risk just to work there. Don't forget the Joel Spolsky Company Operating system. He has a solid string of successes, and I don't think he'd operate like this. This is more or less how the Royal Society started. Academia should now be considered a conglomerate of business corporations, dedicated primarily to increasing profits and income and cutting costs. Like other corps there's a trend towards increasing perceptions of value by marketing mediocre products and experiences to death, rather than providing actual social value with products and relationships that are truly inspiringly awesome. So I don't think the current model is sustainable. It won't collapse next week, but I'd be surprised if we're still here twenty years from now. As for PhDs - in my own area of interest the tenured people are pretty mediocre (believe me - I've worked through their papers) and most of the innovation and invention happens in industry. So, there's no obvious benefit to spending the money. As it happens I earn enough to do research part time - no special resources needed in this field - and I'm getting a lot of satisfaction from making my own way for my own reasons. If you were bigger you'd be looking for a COO - Chief Operations/Operating Officer. A CEO does strategy, fund-raising, investor relations, and top level PR and interviews. CEOs don't primarily deal with the details you're describing - although in startups they sometimes have to. If you want to be more down to earth about it, hire an office manager to do stock/order management and perhaps some HR, and a temp or book keeper to do the boring paperwork. How? The usual places - online jobs boards. If you don't like the paperwork I'd make sure you get an accountant to keep on top of the even more boring things like tax and PAYE. Otherwise the Revenue will hit you with a giant bill and close you down. It's very good for the companies that benefit from the outsourcing. >Just look at the artificial ecosystems we create - they aren't in and danger of collapsing Have you seen what's been happening in California? Do you not understand that areas without a reliable supply of water are literally uninhabitable? Or that observing your neighbour's green - or brown - lawn today says nothing about water availability two decades from now? Ecosystems work until they don't. When they stop working, you are entirely screwed. The point of thinking long-term is to avoid that outcome. Saying 'Well it hasn't happened yet so it can't' is unscientific and entirely unrelated to how these things actually work. >I suspect, but cannot prove, the wikipedia number is more likely to be correct. The Wikipedia number is not correct, because even a single blast has long term consequences, and in a full scale war, the consequences are more significant than the initial damage. Even if the blast was just one a of a handful, survivors would have to contend with fallout from other detonations, followed by nuclear winter, followed by years of famine, mutation, cancer, and other diseases. In a full scale war, nukes are targeted at nuke power plants, so there would be even more fallout - enough to sterilise many parts of the US. Initial casualties would be a small percentage of the eventual total. Even a limited exchange in a distant part of the world would have global consequences. See e.g. http://phys.org/news/2013-12-nuclear-war-civilization-famine... I don't think anyone knows what would happen to an area after 400 detonations. My (wild) guess is that you'd get a blob of extremely hot rock melting its way down through the crust and enough fallout to sterilise the Northern hemisphere. So kind of a dumb idea from a strategic point of view. Which is how debt collectors work. The hedge fund guys are just debt sharks. They're contributing nothing of value to anyone - possibly not even to themselves, because it's not so unlikely there will be international fallout that massively damages their other holdings. Nope. Ed Witten (of M-Theory fame) famously did the entire undergrad physics syllabus in his own time one summer after completing a different degree. Then he applied as a postgrad, aced his interviews, and got in. The tragic thing about the 10k myth is that it makes people who aren't the best of the best underestimate just how good the really talented people are. Most people simply cannot do what Witten did. No amount of personal tutoring or practice time is going to give them that kind of cognitive ability. The reality is that you can take them a random selection of kids, hothouse them in any subject, and most of them will turn out to be good at best. Not brilliant, not geniuses - just good. There's certainly an argument to be made that a lot of talent is wasted, and education is much better at destroying ability than nurturing it. But that's a different point. The bottom line is some people just get it - whatever it is - and they're outstanding. I'd guess most people here get technology like that to an extent that most of the population can't imagine. I'm certainly not brilliant, but I'm much better at getting technology to work than my friends and neighbors. Take an aptitude like that, level up ten times or so, apply it to math or physics or music, and you get some idea what 'brilliant' might mean. I watched Avengers and thought it looked old - a 1940s Hollywood vibe but with 2010s CGI. RDJ has made a brilliant career out of rebooting Errol Flynn. I'll give GOTG a go out of interest. Minor flaw in your point - it's even harder for governments to budget rationally when some shark buys up all their old debt on the cheap and tries to bankrupt them, because money. Tinker I'd suggest you become acquainted a few heterodox economists - Keynes, Steve Keene, and some of the other names who haven't been corrupted by Chicagoism - and then perhaps you'll see why transferability is not the problem. The point remains - giving vulture speculators the ability to hold entire populations hostage is political special pleading, not sound growth-based economics. Oddly enough, Overtone running in Clojure will give you a much interesting and creative musical experience than OM will. (In my opinion, anyway.) >They can't use the same technique It's not the technique, it's the precedent. The technology is really not the point here. >None of those conditions exists for tax fraud, or for that matter terrorism. Actually they exist for both. Google is only one possible access point for monitoring. The question is whether we want Internet services of all kinds of to be part of a culture of automated state surveillance. I'd suggest there are good reasons for answering that question with a firm 'No'. I've attempted - and failed - to establish a US account many times. I've even asked US natives and US banks over here to help, and they couldn't do it either. I always seem to run into rules abut money laundering, domicile, and all kinds of other bureaucratic nonsense. If anyone has managed to get past this, I'd love to know what the secret is. Don't banks ask for proof of LLC 'residence' - usually an office lease, or something else that proves there's a real address? What's the name of the Silicon Valley bank? Well - that was unexpectedly obvious. :) >This article ignores a lot of peer-reviewed literature from planning, public health / injury prevention, and civil engineering in favor of some folksy wisdom of a lieutenant cop. More than that, it's pure econo-meta - regulation is bad, freedom is good, if you leave people alone they'll behave responsibly, and everyone wins. It's a moral parable (for economic values of 'moral') not a peer-reviewed paper. Here's a newspaper piece that summarises some of the relevant peer reviewed research and draws a different conclusion: http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/may/13/speed-l... Open plan is Kryptonite for introverts. We need silence and no distractions. But you'd probably go insane in my working environment, which is in a house surrounded by fields miles from a city with no one else in it, except me. Point is, you should tailor the spaces to the individuals working in them. There is no Generic Industry Standard Employee. Which is why trying to enforce Generic Industry Standard Working Environments is maybe not such an effective way to get cool stuff out the door. As for Agile etc - it's a 20th century methodology, not a 21st century one. I have no idea what 21st century software development is going to look like. Nor does anyone else, because no one has invented it yet. You miss the point of the article, which is that it's not victimology to understand that social mobility depends on a lot more than talent or hard work, and that you have to be either young or naive to believe that that's all it takes. I'm currently reading a biography of one of the most famous and successful British rock bands. The core of the band met at a famous public school. They had: 1. Spare money to buy instruments and equipment, including vans and cars 2. Plenty of rehearsal opportunities - often in very large country houses or grand cottages where they stayed for free 3. Direct access to successful people in their immediate social circles 4. No immediate financial pressures. (Not that they were rich. But they were never in danger of starving or becoming homeless.) They happened to be very talented. But without those opportunities the talent would not have been enough, and they would have had to join most of their peers in ordinary jobs. Class is a network of opportunities that is denied to outsiders. It's also about learned social confidence within the network. A few 'Well I made it so you can too' anecdotes are beside the point. A few people always do make it, no matter what. The real issue is the number who don't, in spite of best efforts and hard work, and of the talent and hard work wasted in a culture of low social mobility. The failures never appear in Fortune, but they're out there in their millions. >They're in business because they provide value to the authors and artists Publishers provide value to themselves, not to authors or artists. Argument from quality: nope. Most publishers won't touch quality writing, because they know the market for it is limited. Joyce would never be published today. Austen might, but Austen is a bit difficult, so probably not. Lessing was turned down by a major publisher when she tried submitting under a different name, just to see what happened. I have my doubts if Pynchon or Vonnegut would be taken on today. (Has anyone of equivalent ability been signed in the last twenty five years?) There's a huge market for ghost-written celebrity blather nonsense, landfill SF and Fantasy, and two-glasses-of-wine-and-a-billionaire chicklit, and a much smaller market for self-absorbed litfic. But quality literature? Argument from services provided: nope again. Editors aren't quite two a penny, but good ones are available for hire. Likewise cover designers. Because you're paying them direct, you'll find that an editing process that takes publishers 18 months can be completed in a few weeks. Argument from marketing: Publishers literally won't lift a finger to help any author who isn't already selling in the millions. Argument from financial support: A couple of $k up front if you're very lucky, in return for losing 85% of future income. And you'll probably be offered a crappy work for hire contract. So - what is this 'value' that publishers provide? It's true that a whole lot of important filtering goes on. Otherwise we'd have to put up with Twilight and Fifty Shades of Grey, when we could be reading polished high-quality titles that twinkle with the elusive literary aura that only publishers can add. [snerk] Here is The Thing: publishing used to be an educated middle class business catering to educated middle class readers. Self-publishing opened the market to less-educated writers producing work for less-educated readers. Amazon basically reinvented the old Victorian penny dreadful market in digital form. Does this matter? Not really. The penny dreadfuls didn't kill literature. In fact, in a round-about way, they eventually launched science fiction and fantasy as genres. Publishers gave up on real literature back in the 80s, when all the old small semi-amateur publishing houses were swallowed by corporate sharks. So don't look for not-crappy there. There is some basic filtering to eliminate people who can't write at all . But Amazon reviewers are getting pickier, so it's not obvious the can't write at all crowd will survive for much longer. Meanwhile, many not-quite-mainstream writers have pulled themselves out of publisher-enforced poverty by selling direct. Is this a bad thing? No, it really isn't. I'll just point out the unspoken bias here - it's fine for powerful people to abuse their power, and less powerful people aren't allowed to complain because it might be seen as someone challenging the power balance at a level they shouldn't aspire to. In other relationships, 'Shut up and know your place' is the textbook definition of victim shaming in abusive situations. Authors keep using publishing houses because too many authors are insecure dilettantes and want a pat on the head from someone to reassure them they're Real Writers - and therefore people of cultural weight and import. And it remains true that top-selling established authors do okay out of trad pub. The 1% of writers in that category get decent enough advances and some PR support. Everyone else is wasting their time and getting screwed over. Including a tragically large number of people who write for university presses. (I really hope Piketty got a lawyer to look over his contract.) Writers are not, generally, minded to think of writing as a business full of business people doing business people things. But some do - in increasing numbers. If you know anything about the industry, you'll know that where ten years ago it was taken as read that you needed an agent and a real publisher, otherwise you were just some noob with a vanity contract, the reality now is that writers are stampeding away from the agent+publisher deal package. Agents are literally panicking about their jobs. The charge has been led by romance writers, who have a terrifyingly efficient business and support association (the RWA) and not a few self-made self-pub millionaires. The problem with a site like HN is that most people posting here know very little about the industry. But when you're in it, and you've been following developments in detail for a few years, the picture doesn't look the same as it does from outside. Most of those have had established careers for a long time. McCarthy is relatively new, but he was soundly rejected by all the big pubs, published by a tiny house, and then the big pubs reconsidered when he started shifting copies. Which is almost exactly what happened to JK Rowling, only her books are slightly more accessible. The big pubs do not take risks. If a writer can show evidence of critical interest and existing strong sales, they suddenly become interested. Signing on the basis of a strong, original manuscript? Not any more. I'm sure there's an exception every year or five, but it's a good bet that unless you're incredibly lucky and/or know commissioning editors personally already because you all went to university together, the odds of getting in through the front door are not good now. Does that mean everyone gets stock? Ah. Thought not. I have no issue with meditation or mindfulness. I have huge issues with trying to combine them with for-profit strive-and-drive hit-the-goals success culture. To me, that's a contradictory and frankly crazy-making combination. The last time I saw something similar was when Lululemon tried to make yoga-culture and positivity obligatory. That was not so successful at making employees treat each other well: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/stewart-j-lawrence/when-yogis-... I don't doubt Asana is a cool place to work. But I don't think it's necessary to use jargon from other cultures and spiritual traditions to make people happy and get stuff done. I find the approach culty and creepy, and unless rewards are being distributed with the workload, I also question whether it's fully informed at best - or entirely sincere, at worst. But they're not nearly as big as the dangers of predatory "for-profit" education. And I'm fairly sure I've never heard anyone say "Oh crap - we've run out of lawyers." When the RIAA tries to crucify pirates it rebounds off the Streisand Effect. I'm not sure what Caesar would do today. Maybe start a band? It's a huge factor in the UK's tradition of multi-million pound fuckups. There's a definite bias against people, especially clever people, who get stuff done. You're not supposed to do that here - you're supposed to get on by knowing the right people, talking a good game, and being above it all because of your social connections and money. Actual hands-on development work is for the little people. Occasionally one needs to say important-sounding things in public and hustle a little. But that's as practical as it gets. The irony is that the UK has world-class engineering talent, and a long history of real innovation. But the UK is the only country to have had - for example - its own working satellite launch platform, and thrown it away to save money. We genuinely have some of the worst political and business "leadership" in the developed world. By far the most efficient wind turbine placements are offshore. We have plenty of coast, and so far very little of it has offshore wind farms. We also have a good few estuaries that could create electricity relatively easily - using known and proven technology, which fusion certainly isn't. Bottom line is these figures are either incompetent or disingenuous. I'm old enough to remember fusion being touted as the Next Big Thing for literally all of my life. Commercial containment fusion seems no closer now than it did fifty years ago. There are alternatives, but they're highly speculative. Dropping YC cash on them makes sense as a long shot, but the science doesn't suggest it's wise to expect them to make good. Until they try to get a phone contract, or a broadband contract, or even an electricity supply they can pay from a bank account. I know people who have had problems with all of the above because of poor credit. I agree that the credit industry relies on extortion. I also know for a fact that some debt collectors act as front men for 'legit' banks and credit card companies who use them to extort extra interest from written-off debt. So they get a double profit - a tax write-off, and some or all of the principal back, with interest. The lenders should - and I guess do - run actuarial models which give them a good idea what current and future default rates are. I know there's at least one credit card company in the UK that deliberately lends to people with poor credit - not because it's run by nice people, but because it knows it can maximise profit by taking defaulters to court and foreclosing on their houses. It's a vile, despicable business run by failed human beings. But you're getting shady/manipulative actions already. The only difference is that this approach would favour debtors, not lenders. It's not as if banks don't expect exactly the benefits you're not allowing debtors when their own debts blow up. If banks get bail-outs - and do they ever - why shouldn't ordinary people? That's not actually how it works. Money is not a thing. Money is a decision and a means of social punishment/reward. Lending is either an executive function based on (supposed) faith in the future, or it's gambling, or it's client patronage, or it's extortion. There is no financial business model which does not reduce to these relationships. In your example, the factory gets built if someone important decides it should be built. They charge 'interest' based on justifications assembled from some combination of gambling, extortion, or patronage. It's an entirely imaginary and delusional system, and completely faith-based. It's also the basis of all advertising, marketing, and PR. I think Orwell was wrong, but not for the obvious reasons. As an observation, it's impossible to argue with the suggestion that humans need more than comfort. Humans have been creating crusades, pogroms, holy wars, riots, race riots, and revolutions since almost forever. But I don't think he understood what made Nazi fascism so extreme - which is the way it turned war, patriotism, and death into ends in their own right, rather than means to an end. There was no pretence at higher purpose or salvation. The entire German political system became a suicide and death cult, and swallowed itself whole. I'm baffled by why you don't understand that what you're describing isn't an inevitable outcome of low-regulation, laissez-faire capitalism. You only get stability with negative feedback. Capitalism is all about positive feedback, and leads inevitably to systems that conglomerate, stagnate, distort, and eventually either implode or blow up. Where do you think the negative feedback to prevent that is supposed to come from? And please don't say 'markets' because there is no evidence that I know of that markets have ever done any such thing, or even that a market economy is capable of it. You don't define 'proper conditions for learning'. How about a space of your own? An environment that isn't disturbed by noise? Easy access to books and study aids? A laptop? Fast broadband? All the Amazon vouchers you can eat? Parents who aren't worried about basic financial security? Where is the threshold? I guess you mean 'good enough schooling', but that's hardly enough if the rest of the environment does its damndest to devalue what 'good enough schooling' is trying to do. And a point no one has mentioned is that schools homogenise try to homogenise education. A good education would try to find individual talents and nurture them on top of a baseline of general competence. The industrial production line approach to education is the opposite of this. Now, as it happens we have plenty of students who need training, and we have plenty of adults who need jobs. I doubt everyone can be a teacher, but there could be a lot more talent-based education than there is, without having to turn it into the 'personal extra tutoring for my snowflake' model that richer parents pay for. >This is akin to mathematical axioms that escape proof within a formal system. No it isn't. Unless you understand quantum gravity better than anyone else does, there is absolutely no connection whatsoever between the possible empirical reality of spacetime and causality, and Godel's description of mathematical incompleteness. Spacetime is observable, not axiomatic. The whole point of theories like loop quantum gravity - and one of the main reasons that the string theories are poor relations - is that LQG theories take an explicit interest in possible mechanisms that explain the observed properties of spacetime and causality. In the jargon, they are 'background independent.' For example, take a look at Causal Dynamical Triangulation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causal_dynamical_triangulation The economic and political system is Problem #1. It's not fit for purpose, and humans can forget about becoming a successful space-faring species until it's replaced by a system capable of rational long-term project planning, and which also rewards inventiveness, creativity, intelligence, and other talents. I think economics raped the word 'rational', shot-gun married it to 'self interest', and created a godawful mess that it's going to take the species at least another century to escape from. Likewise with 'efficient'. As for selfishness vs altruism - short term gain can lead to long term loss, which is why 'rational' economic theories have such poor long-term predictive power. (In fact, they have negative predictive ability. You can be sure that if someone billed as important makes a prediction about macro conditions, something else is going to happen.) What exactly is rational about a system which centuries of history have proven is unable to function without a predictable cycle of manic-depressive booms, recessions/depressions, and anti-democratic bailouts? You're falling into the common fallacy of assuming that a phenomenon looks like something simple you already understand. Studio EQ is not the same as Fourier filtering. Canonical digital DSP filters are vastly more efficient than Fourier processing. Analog EQ circuits add significant amounts of distortion which add character to the sound. Some of the better digital EQs try to emulate this. Studio effects, pedals included, do not actually correspond to convolution. Many commercial reverb algorithms use complex time-varying effects that can't be modelled with simple convolution. While you can buy convolution reverbs from a variety of sources - and they're very popular for certain reverb effects - they're a long way from being the whole story. Bottom line is audio engineering is much more complex than you seem to think it is. Numerical techniques, including Fourier and convolution, have been studied since at least the 1950s, and there are good reasons why they're not a one-size-fits-all solution for audio effects. The image filter, on the other hand, is a lovely piece of work. I'm surprised no one has made it available as a Photoshop plug-in (although I expect someone will soon.) I have a lot of respect for Brin, but it's amazing how wrong that piece is. There's more code being written now than ever before, not just by kids but by all kinds of everyone. There's an entire sub-culture of collaborative development - github, etc - which would have been impossible with 8-bit micro technology. Away from that, a lot of non-devs have hacked together simple VBA/AppleScripts. And not a few people with zero experience have produced apps of reasonable quality. Never mind web pages, including Wordpress sites. Of course you can't own your hardware any more. But no one ever did. Even if you built a Z80 micro from scratch and burned your own EPROMs for it, you were still stuck with the original instruction set, and you likely had no idea how it worked on the inside. You certainly couldn't hack it to change it. As someone who made a brief living building custom Z80 controllers and coding in assembler, I'm thrilled by modern dev tools, and the fact that if you have a problem you can almost always find the answer online. Compare that to my first C programming experience on the Atari ST, where I spent two weeks trying to work out why a library function in the compiler didn't work, only to get a letter - on paper - from the compiler developers saying 'Er, we haven't done that part yet.' There is - sadly - a hierarchy of insight which privileges self, then family (sometimes), then friends, then associates and coworkers (more or less), then local community, then country, then other countries, then species, then planet and ecosystem. The basic problem is that economics rewards smart choices for the earlier items on the list and punishes smart choices for the later ones. So it's 'not efficient' to think about them. One hypothetical solution is to make distant pain points personal. If you're directly, immediately impacted by someone else's misfortunes you're going to want to do something about them. It's possible technology could help with this. But it may have to do it in some unexpected and new ways. I'm impressed by the number of commenters who didn't realise the author is a woman. >There are no end of problems to solve in the world, but only a very few of them are profitably solved. They're (not) profitably solved because the economic and political systems have been designed to make them unprofitable. The basic problem is a feedback system which rewards certain activities as 'profitable' and punishes others as 'unprofitable'. Nothing about this is impossible to change. It's a political choice, not a scientific law. It's quite normal for the rich in the UK - as opposed to the merely middle class - to hire a personal cook to live on or near the premises and work full-time. These people used to be called 'house keepers'. Some of them offer other domestic services and may be called 'butlers.' That aside - there are some useful reality checks in the piece. Back around 2000 I had a conversation with someone who was trying to launch a pickup-your-goods service for online shoppers. He said that out of everyone he'd talked to, I was the only person who told him it was a losing idea with no commercial prospects. (It sank without trace not long after the first dotcom bust. After about a decade of unstoppable brand building, Amazon eventually reinvented something not unlike it.) It's interesting that he had the same experience of alleged market research and comments from prospective customers that gave him totally worthless and misleading information. It was about selling vegetables. >That's the basic reason why we have markets. No it isn't. There's no such thing as 'markets' and it's sloppy thinking to believe there is. What we have have is a political system that uses a stylised propaganda framework to propagate and reinforce itself - much as the Church did in the middle ages. Belief in 'markets' as some kind of metaphysical efficient all-but omniscient decision-making entity is central to that, in some segments of the population - just as belief in Church dogma used to be equally pervasive. The reality from anthropology is that there's nothing inevitable about trade or markets at all. Some cultures don't have any concept of a 'market', or if they do, trade is a peripheral activity, and certainly not used as a tool for centralised decision making. >you can't dictate to people what they should want or not want, because they won't listen to you. Which is why advertising is such a huge industry, and all governments use propaganda? It's actually incredibly easy to dictate what people want. What's hard is creating an educated and informed population capable of original, independent, creative thought and high-quality long-term strategy. Using the many available tools of persuasion to direct the thinking of a majority of the population isn't difficult at all. If you believe your culture doesn't do this, it's possible you may not have asked some hard questions about how it works. There was a case a while back where someone was convicted of being an accessory to a serious crime and jailed for an extended period because they lent their car to the perp, who - inexplicably - didn't mention it was going to be used for criminal activity. The prosecutor argued 'No car, no crime', and the jury bought it. To me that's like arguing 'No clothes, no crime' and jailing the board of Walmart for selling underwear. Or 'No food, no crime' and jailing the staff of a nearby diner. It's an oversimplification to suggest that scales are based on the harmonic series. Many instruments have slight non-linearities in their overtones, and intervals that sound consonant aren't usually mathematically perfect. E.g. pianos don't even have perfect octaves. The major and minor scales seem to be based on very specific ratio sets, not on the general overtone series. But 12TET has 12 tones for a very practical reason - instruments with more tones are difficult to build and damn near impossible to play, because human hands are only so wide and finger movements have limited precision. There were experiments with more tones per octave back in the middle ages, but the idea never caught on because the musical benefits aren't obvious. So 12TET is a 'good enough' compromise between flexibility and expressiveness. Performers on instruments with an infinite pitch range vary their pitches anyway. Intonation problems drive conductors insane, and the reality is that orchestral and choral pitches tend to drift slightly towards consonance and away from the nominal ET ratios. Of course, with a computer you can do what you like. Here's some recent microtonal music written with SuperCollider: http://composerprogrammer.com/pitchdeviations.html Yes, exactly. Stretch tunings are also standard on some other keyboard instruments, including the Rhodes electric piano. There's some evidence that a preference for stretched octaves is innate: http://www.mmk.e-technik.tu-muenchen.de/persons/ter/top/scal... But stretch tuning is also used as a deliberate musical effect. Some tuners exaggerate it slightly, and some professional pianists ask for it. Simple harmonic theory only really makes sense if you're making music with pure sine waves. The sounds made by non-electronic instruments are very rich and complicated. Describing them with simple math has intuitive appeal, but it doesn't model what really happens. (There should be a name for the bias towards using simple but misleading models, but I'm not sure there is one.) Also, total change of culture from distributing (arguably) interesting and entertaining content to selling and promoting stuff. Result: more noise, much lower snr. I agree with others. Your comment is nonsense. But the match question is more complicated than it looks. Striking a match causes ignition because other humans have already made a long list of correlations and found them reliable enough to build a thing called a 'match'. This is one of the differences between science and technology. Technology is practical causality. You know enough about phenomena to be reasonably confident that you can assemble them into configurations that do useful things in a reliable way. Science is about not being sure if correlations exist until you check to find out. Science is also about building abstract models that can reliably predict unexpected correlations. I'm not sure there's more to the idea of causation than reliable correlation backed up by elegant and efficient abstraction with predictive power. (There probably is, but it's not something I've looked into enough.) Quantum theory has a habit of pushing this in unexpected directions. It seems to be about manipulating probabilities rather than objects. The idea that you can causally manipulate a probability distribution is a deeply weird one if you stop to wonder what exactly is being manipulated in physical terms, and how. But this product isn't ostentatious enough or pretty enough for the fashion market, and it's way too expensive for the functional geek watch market. $199 might fly. $350 is too damn high. Well - apart from the fact that Windows 9 is rumored to have the old UI for desktop PCs and the new tiled UI and app store for devices. Users will never be able to move from trad PC to tablet to phone to Xbox. The hardware ecosystems, UI models and user requirements are just too different. IMO it's nonsensical to pretend otherwise. The Apple approach of creating fundamentally different operating systems with significant convergence and overlap while also simplifying interaction and data exchange looks like a much more intelligent solution. The problem is there's no ecosystem and no added value. The iPhone and iPad had apps, the iPod had podcasting and iTunes. WATCH has nothing equivalent. It seems to be a drastically cut-down iPhone you wear on your wrist, with a few haptic doodads added to create a USP. It's aiming for a weird market that Apple has traditionally done well in - emotional spending and evangelism - but it's trying to cultivate desire by attempting to be explicitly fashionable, instead of offering 'magical' user benefits that lead indirectly to the perception of being fashionable. ('Show, don't tell.') Obvious conclusion is that it's not a Jobsian coup like the last few revolutions were. Maybe it could be with more thought about where it fits as a product, and what makes it unique. But currently 'small iOS wrist device for semi-fashionable people' seems like a challenging place to succeed in. I realise Jobs needed a push to get to the open app system, and was originally against it - or at least for something that was more like the Widget system on OS X, and not so much like the Objective-C monster the App Store turned into. But my point - which apparently no one understands here - is that the products were always conceived originally, from the top, as part of a strategy that included a stack of support services and interactions with a user community. I'm not seeing that on offer here. Of course WATCH does apps. That was always a given. But the App Store is saturated, and once devs have produced the obligatory new watch faces, fitness, dating and friend-finding apps, my guess is that the opportunities for doing something compelling, original and gotta-have-that are smaller than they were with the original iPhone. There will be an exception, or maybe four or five. There will not be thousands of potential gotta-have-that apps to match those that are available in the iPhone/iPad app store. Apple has always been one of the few tech companies that understands that you don't sell hardware, or software - you sell a complete package of unique and exclusive benefits that happens to run on a hardware device. That worked for the original Mac, then the OS X Mac, then the iPod, then the iPhone, then the iPad. All had obvious user benefits that were so intuitively compelling they barely needed explanation, and which were enhanced and supported over time with software services that made the package even stronger. I'd be interested to know what the downvoters on this thread believe is the equivalent user benefit and software support package for WATCH. I don't believe 'It does apps too and there's even an API, so therefore there's an ecosystem' is the most insightful answer to that question, or that it's what users are looking for to persuade them this is a must-have device. This. The c-card companies have actuarial/mathematical models that make it possible to estimate the profitability of the debt/default/lawsuit process from start to finish - where finish can mean bankruptcy, a lien on property, or garnished wages. Consumers don't understand that this is what they are signing up for, and the c-card companies certainly don't make it clear that defaults are a key contributor to their profitability. There's at least one UK c-card company that charges interest rates of up 99.9% to high-risk customers. They know damn well that with a rate like that even a tiny debt is going to explode within a few months and give them the option to get a charge on someone's home, force them to sell, and pocket the original value of the debt, plus interest, plus legal costs. >Of course, denying poor people access to credit is going to be politically unpopular. The real problem is that denying poor people decent wages has been popular for too long - which is why they're poor. You can't run a sane, stable society by economically disenfranchising most of the population. I appreciate the hint that I may be younger than you, but I was involved in the eco-systems around the Sinclair ZX81 and the Spectrum, and later on with DECUS, so I have a pretty good idea how this stuff works. My point isn't whether or not there's an ecosystem, but whether or not there's a planned ecosystem which is deliberately designed to add value, and created as a conscious strategy - not just something that happens by accident. I wish people here would stop thinking about technology and think more about the overall user experience - which is not about hardware or software or ecosystems, but about creating gotta-have-that experiences and life-changing tools. So far I don't see WATCH doing that. It might, and there may be plans, and we'll all be surprised a year from now. But so far, there's no evidence that Apple are thinking about WATCH in those terms. And that makes it different to previous launches. Aren't there entire websites devoted to this? There's an entire branch of computer science devoted to studying creativity and computation. Google Prof Geraint Wiggins for some examples. His ideas about this are a bit more thoughtful and insightful than 'exploring a finite ideaspace.' HN - where plain facts can get you downrated. [sigh...] Infrastructure includes: Political decisions on spending (which are influenced by corporations already) Public education (Do you really want to employ people who don't have basic literacy and numeracy? More than that, nothing drives growth like high quality free education) Many elements of transportation, which make it possible to move people, goods, and services around reliably at reasonable cost. Big-project blue sky research (The space program, the Internet, many of the Mk 1 computer models, and not a little aviation have all been gov-sponsored) Enforceable law, including contract law, and justice (You really don't want to privatise these or put them up for sale) Healthcare (in sensible countries, anyway) Military protection Keynesian pump-priming (and no, bank bailouts were never useful pump-priming) Basically corps that offshore profits to avoid tax get a massive free ride on all of this, while private citizens have to contribute a share. I don't know how 'sensible' applies to 'fee for use', because I don't know how you would calculate a realistic social value. Most suggestions I've seen are literal-minded in a not terribly bright way ('Use a bridge - pay a toll') which is totally inadequate for quantifying or paying for the true social value they add. The argument really comes down to people who understand gov spending can generate huge social and commercial benefit multipliers, and people who think you can reduce gov spending to a catalog of services with neat little one-to-one costs you can count like beans and stick price tags on. Common cold, also. Rhinoviruses aren't exactly rare. I don't think the issue is whether mutation might make it work more efficiently, but the probability that this might happen. To estimate that you need to understand the precise mechanisms of variability, and the likelihood that the genetic elements that create Ebola symptoms could combine with the genetic elements that make influenza and rhinoviruses so infectious. Obviously there's no teleology in mutation. But as infected populations increase, so does the possibility of dangerous recombination. How much it increases, and whether we're talking about lottery odds, poker odds, or coin toss odds, is something only virologists know. But apparently there's a second order health problem. You don't just want to minimise the spread for obvious practical reasons - you also want to minimise it because the bigger the infected population, the bigger the risk of dangerous mutation. Maplin have been around since the 1970s when they were the go-to mail order store for British electronic hobbyists. But they're also having issues. Competition on bread and butter basics like cables from eBay and Amazon is killing them on price. Likewise PC World, who are struggling for similar reasons. Argos and the like sell toasters, watches, cheap jewellery and gardening tools, so they're not in the same market. Farnell (and RadioSpares, Mouser, and Digikey) are primarily industry suppliers who sell components to the tiny hobbyist market as a sideline, but make most of their money elsewhere. The real competitors now are companies like Adafruit (US) and Cool Components (UK) who caught the Maker wave and are riding it very successfully - possibly because they sell clever, useful things, and they treat customers like adult engineers, not gullible children. Radio Shack was already a legacy company by the 1970s, staffed by the kind of marketing geniuses who come up with ploddingly dreadful brand names like 'Realistic' and 'Flavoradios.' The UK equivalent would have been Amstrad back in the 70s and 80s - purveyors of cheaply made over-marketed consumer electronics to buyers who were clueless about better options. Clearly, RadioShack doesn't have much of a niche any more. Buyers can get better products more cheaply elsewhere, and the hands-on electronics business has moved in a direction their management doesn't have the talent to emulate. I don't think it's a viable business model. The margins on a 50-in-1 kit are huge, because it's really just a handful of cheap components, a box, and a manual, which is a sunk cost after you've paid the author and printed it. Classes are a whole other thing. You need to market them hard, you need repeat business, and if you're not running them every day you're spending a lot on retail space for a limited return. Also, Internet tutorials. And limited interest in most of the world. Unless you can supplement classes with a stream of high margin sales, they're not going to keep you afloat for long. Everyone in retail is doing that - usually successfully, more or less. John Lewis, Debenhams, Sainsburys, Tesco, and ASDA all have pretty much the same click-and-collect or buy-and-deliver model. A few - Maplin and maybe Argos - have a super-fast same-day delivery option, which is an interesting development. I'm guessing we'll see more of that in the future. The big question now is - what is mall/high street retail for? It used to be the only way to buy, but when online is cheaper the rationale for spending metric crap tons of money on store rentals in prime locations is getting less and less obvious. It's not just electronics. All retail is suffering. There may be a niche for speedy delivery, installation and set-up of consumer electronics and white goods, because no one does an all-in-one like that, and usually you have to wait too long, especially for big items. But I wouldn't want to try it without crunching a full business plan. It's not necessarily self control. Responses to alcohol are significantly influenced by genetics. Even if everyone had the same level of self control, some people would still tend towards teetotal behaviour, others would develop alcohol addiction. There was a study proving a link to one specific gene in mice a while back: http://www.ncl.ac.uk/press.office/press.release/item/a-gene-... Human responses are more complex, but there's enough research to suggest a strong genetic component in problem drinking. To anyone with hardware design experience transducers are hardware sensors. That meaning has been around for >60 years now. So a lot of people are going to see 'transducers.js' and think this is a library for interfacing I2S or 1-wire sensors to Node, or something. That's not anti-intellectualism, it's pointing out that the word already has an established meaning among engineers, and trying to redefine it is going to mislead a lot of people about what this library is trying to do. >So all in all colour me puzzled over why technological pessimism is on the rise. Because SF is always about the present, and most of the population has precious little optimism at the moment. The interesting thing for me about 50s and 60s SF was how much of it was about humans developing psychic and intellectual superpowers. Through 2001, Dune, and hundreds of short stories you had writers redefining what human minds were capable of. That changed in the 80s, with smart transcendent machines taking the place of smart transcendent humans. There were a few evil overlord AIs, but a lot of SF AI went in a transcendent direction, while SF humans were evicted into a universe of parasitic aliens and noir dystopias filled with comic book ultra-violence. As tech gets closer to real AI it has become more obvious that there's a huge difference between Artificial Intelligence in the traditional comp sci sense, and Artificial Personality, which is something else entirely. The idea seems to have been that if you get one you'll get the other for free. I think it's becoming clear now that practical AI won't work like that. In the context of what just happened to OhLife, isn't that just a little ironic? There's a basic problem with live coding, which is defining the problem domain. Live coding systems are only really good for building teeny tiny little toy automata, which usually do simple stuff with note lists, and maybe apply a bit of randomness or some simple repeating functions to a parameter or five. Weapons-grade commercial music is much more complicated. The sounds are richer, the arrangements and mixes are immensely complex (even for simple songs), and generally there's a ridiculous amount of care and detail. But... if you start building in machine learning, database searches, and super-complex DSP patches, and the stuff you really need to make non-trivial music, you're not really live coding any more - you're plugging pre-existing modules and data together by typing. Also, watching people typing is kind of dull. I think there are solutions to both problems, but REPL-music systems are only ever going to be a step on the way to them. I'd be surprised if live coding ever makes it into the mainstream in the way that (say) eSports almost have. The Memorymoog was polyphonic: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memorymoog Both were predated by music made on the original Columbia-Princeton synthesizer (academic/experimental) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RCA_Mark_II_Sound_Synthesizer And by Raymond Scott, who had been using custom electronic circuitry for ads and commercial music since the 1950s. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy77ioKI4lQ Scott was a genius because he realised that you could not only make sound electronically, you could build hardware that would compose music. Everyone else is still playing catch-up with that idea. There was also a fully electronic score by Bebe and Louis Barron for a film called Forbidden Planet. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forbidden_Planet#Soundtrack Moog basically made the technology self-contained and sort-of affordable. With a Moog you had a complete keyboard synthesizer in a box, and you didn't need a room for it. My favourite Moog music is the classical albums made by Isao Tomita in the 70s. I don't think anyone else has come close to the inventiveness, poetry, and sheer programming genius in the sound design. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv97o588sLY Then why don't live coders use rich sounds, or make complicated things? As for 'minimal music' - most of it isn't really all that minimal, and it certainly can't be reduced to trivial algos. And if your only option is to be minimal, maybe that's not so great. Point is that only a tiny subset of the population has ever been interested in listening to music defined and created exclusively by writing code. Live coding caters very nicely to them. No one else seems to be listening. Over the same period, CGI has moved from basic wireframes to epic photorealism-with-AI. You can see this stuff in games and movies, and it's awesome. Why aren't code musicians interested in pushing the boundaries of code music by aiming for something with similar complexity? Here's a thing: after nearly sixty years of code music, exactly zero code music composers have troubled the public imagination. Over the same period we've had literally hundreds of new electronic genres and styles, and even people who don't much like electronica can name at least a couple of people who make it. We've also had game music coders writing complex AIs for arranging and generating music on the fly in game contexts. But live coders don't seem interested in any of this, because typing. Honestly, this completely baffles me. The key words are 'more precisely.' The point here is to keep adding significant figures to the accuracy of the verification to see if something unexpected happens. Nothing unexpected happened here. But it's not unknown for duplicated/improved measurements to reveal new effects that need to be explained. E.g. http://phys.org/news/2013-11-proton-radius-puzzle-quantum-gr... Which will lead to a lot of drama. Imagine - you break up with your partner, and he/she deletes the other side of the conversation. This may not be a problem in work settings, but it has the potential to cause a lot of pain in personal conversations. If we stopped protecting dumb banks from themselves and everyone else, we wouldn't need to worry so much about protecting dumb people from themselves. As for efficient markets - I'm still trying to understand how social institutions that melt down every decade or so and are a consistent focus of criminal proceedings can be considered 'efficient.' Has anyone ever produced a maximum viable product? Or even tried to produce one? The elephant (ha!) in the room is the fact that lectures are as good at passing on facts as any other method, but very bad for softer teaching goals, including debate and inspiration. Here's an informal article: http://www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/news/lectures-dont-wor... And formal research: http://isites.harvard.edu/fs/docs/icb.topic38998.files/Bligh... I'd guess Shirky's classes are more about promoting debate and asking questions than plain 'learn this' science/math/engineering lectures. So the lecture format - even with discussion - probably isn't very efficient for teaching anyway. Whether people are distracted by devices seems secondary. Perhaps it would be more useful to students to (say) work out a way to dramatise the effects of device addiction or some other Internet experience, so they can discover it for themselves and make their own decisions about distractions and cognitive loading. Banning devices might have some of that effect by accident. But I'd guess teaching a class on internet sociology while taking notes on paper is going to be kind of weird. (Full disclosure: I always used to hate writing paper notes. It's not unusual to lag behind the content, and it certainly never helped me understand what I was supposed to be learning.) >This is almost certainly a library issue rather than a language issue. Is Cocoa a language or a library? IMO the criticisms really apply to Cocoa, not Swift. Or rather - they're complaints about the fact that Swift could have been designed to simplify common Cocoa boilerplate, but instead it seems to be Yet Another Blub (c) 2014. What's going to have more of an influence on developer productivity - a novel type inference scheme, or an OS API that works so well you don't need to keep writing the same boilerplate over and over, or go looking for 3rd party libraries to fix its deficiencies? "A simplified but useful picture of the goal of scientific research is that scientists obtain large amounts of data about the world via observation and experiment, and then try to find regularities and patterns in that data. But a regularity or pattern is nothing more or less than a method for compressing the data: if a particular pattern shows up in many places in a data set, then we can create a compressed version of the data by describing the pattern only once, and then specifying the different places that the pattern shows up. The most compressed version of the data is in some sense the ultimate scientific description. There is a sense in which the goal of all science is finding theories that provide ever more concise descriptions of data." http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.4456v1.pdf But this suggests Adobe might move to remote execution SaaS at some point in the next few years. I wouldn't be surprised if that's always been the ultimate goal of CC. A lot of SaaS is waiting for faster broadband. CC Saas will be limited at 10MB, but as speeds creep up to 100MB and beyond it's going to start making more sense. I think the rent-your-cycles model sucks for users, and is against everything personal computing was supposed to do. But it's a no-brainer for corporates with a captive audience for life, zero piracy, and easy surveillance. The same results have been reported by many other studies. The facts are clear - for the poor the US is a land of economic handicap, not a land of opportunity. There will always be individual exceptions to this, but they'll be single data points. Put crudely, for every heart-warming success you see interviewed in Forbes, there will be millions of failures no one hears about. The most useful picture is broad-based and statistical, and studies like this one: http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/ show that mobility depends as much on where you were born as to whom you were born. Broadly, inequality has exploded since the 1980s and in areas with limited social capital - including good free education - it's now more difficult than ever to work your way up from the bottom. But this is balanced by increased opportunities in other areas - mostly affluent, mostly urban - which have created a halo effect for the poorer communities around them. So average mobility has remained approximately constant, but only because bad areas have been balanced by good areas. Meanwhile average mobility in the US continues to be worse than mobility in other countries. The work ethic narrative is immensely useful to employers, but in too many situations it's almost totally disconnected from real opportunity and reward. Ultimately it's a political problem - but not necessarily in the obvious sense. The most successful and fun cultures reward inventiveness and positive social contributions, and include some element of challenge and competition. But using money and markets to make decisions about the kinds of activities that are rewarded turns out to be an inefficient, short-sighted and often surreal way to manage what does and doesn't get valued. And I'd appreciate it if downvoters justified their downvotes. I'm quite happy with the idea that an economy where it's possible to raise $1 million in funding for an app like Yo! while the many apps that do something with longer term benefits struggle for commercial support has some issues with rational resource allocation. Not to mention the outrageous bubbles and the epic acquisition disasters that litter the Internet ruins. If you believe otherwise I'd like to see you argue why. We should probably define terms first. Which definitions of absolute and relative are you using? (There are a few, and they're not identical.) Terraforming your own planet to make it less habitable while trying to terraform a hostile planet to make it more habitable seems like an odd way to do things. It doesn't have to be either/or. But politically, the odds of an unsuccessful Earth creating a viable Mars colony are somewhere very near zero. That's like arguing that workers who plough a field with their bare hands are less productive than workers who use a plough because someone else owns the plough. How much 'capital productivity' would be left if all workers downed tools and stopped producing? As for [2] - if you bother to read Katz, you'll see that even he admits there's a serious issue with wage polarization, and that in fact his own argument is incorrect - there has been no bonanza of well-paid jobs created by technology, and currently there is no prospect for same. What has actually happened - and he says as much [1] - is that wealth capture through productivity gains has polarized the market into a few well-paying jobs and a much larger number of poverty-line menial jobs, which a majority of formerly middle class workers have been forced into. Where are these jobs workers have 'failed to adapt' to? What are they, exactly? If they exist, where can they get the capital to retrain for them? A lot of unemployed and underpaid people would love to know. [1] https://www.aeaweb.org/econwhitepapers/white_papers/David_Au... There are certainly evil outcomes when potential contributors actively avoid the Linux kernel and/or other open source projects because the culture can be so hostile. It's a double loss. It makes the code weaker and less innovative, and it makes the culture seem unappealing to outsiders. You might not think that's significant. But how can you know what you're missing by not being more exclusive? Consider: open source could be set up on a semi-formal apprentice/mentor basis. It could easily become a way for programmers at all levels to develop professional standing. Code on a GitHub profile is not the same as being able to say "I worked on X and was mentored by Y and Z." And "You're a moron, fuck off" is maybe not the best way to create a culture of collaborative support. DEC engineering was awesome, but management had issues keeping up with their chip geniuses. There's a brilliant scene in DEC history where the chip guys had to explain to the board that their latest ceramic thing with legs cost $30 in quantity, and it outperformed the top-line million-dollar ECL-based room-filling VAX product. But DEC were always B2B and B2A (Business to Academia). They never got B2C at all, which is sad for everyone. One of the actual reasons is that drivers go through intensive training (er...) as first-call engineers. If a fault stops a train, it's far more useful to have someone on the scene to try emergency repairs than to wait until the train can be cleared from a tunnel - because a stopped train can literally hold up the commute of millions of people. There are also safety issues. Drivers are trained in passenger management, and every so often they need that training to deal with fights, illness, suicides, or all the other messy things that happen on a public transport system - the public part of that being at least as important as the transport part. You're going to get different demographics for the $60/mo and the $20/mo models. Personally, when I was dating I would have looked at your model and dismissed it instantly, because I would assume from experience that it's damn near impossible to define what a good match is - therefore, at best, you're putting so little effort into your 'matchmaking' that the service is effectively worthless. The existence of a premium alternative wouldn't be reassuring. This may or may not be unfair. But I think it's going to be a common perception among a good proportion of possible users. I might be persuaded if you could provide evidence of improved success rates compared to the competition AND that you're not using a simple matchbot AI to provide something that's standard on other sites. Bottom line is that if I was rating your startup's prospects, I wouldn't be optimistic, because on the one hand you're saying dating is a numbers game, and on the other you're making the numbers as tiny as possible. My guess is Tinder/OKC/POF will continue to eat your lunch because you're in an uncanny valley between the dumb-as-rocks experience they offer and the high-end personalised interviews-and-flattery experience offered by the premium matching services. As it happens I met my partner on a dating site, so I know it can work. Not everyone is convinced: http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2014/09/commentar... Some health workers have been infected even though they were equipped with significant protection. Clearly infection rates in unprotected populations would be non-trivial, even without the kind of mutation that would make Ebola as infectious as a rhinovirus. Given that many public spaces in Western cities are more densely populated than equivalent spaces in Africa, and there are much greater numbers passing through them, I'm genuinely concerned this has the potential to blow up in a vey bad way. I'm not heading for the hills yet, but if case numbers begin increasing I'm going to consider it seriously. http://staefcraeft.blogspot.co.uk/2013/07/linus-torvalds-the... http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/07/linus-... http://www.attendly.com/linux-founder-linus-torvalds-deliver... (And that was where I got bored.) There are lots of small weirdnesses scattered around a website which doesn't really have much detail. It's a good idea - I was thinking open code review would be a super useful thing for many people - but a demo of how it works in practice would be worth a thousand XP points. I'd be deeply reassured if there was explicit support for the Hacker School Social Rules. Let's not forget that jails and security are a business, and the War on Drugs has been extremely good for that business. The possibility exists that the moral posturing around drugs has sometimes been a cover for less noble aims. See e.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kids_for_cash_scandal It's a practical guide for music written before 1910. Unfortunately quite a lot has happened in music since 1910, and if you're trying to write music for the 2010s Harmonielehre and 'theory' of this kind won't just confuse you, it will actively mislead you. The problem is that it teaches you nothing about the importance of performance expression, or the many different ways modes get used and abused in pop/rock/electronica, or how to create arrangements that capture and keep listener attention. Pop has become a massive historical experiment in perceptual psychology. The most popular bands can literally fill a stadium - something common practice music has never done. While that doesn't mean pop is better in some absolute sense, it does suggest it's doing something right for many listeners. If your training is too rigidly classical it actively stops you being able to hear and understand what that right thing is, because you're too busy concentrating on a small subset of the many details in the music. >Listen to techno, house and tribal, and you hear Koyaanisqatsi, 18 Musicians, and the work of Glass, Reich, and Riley. No, you hear Koyaanisqatsi, etc. And this is exactly why you should never try to understand a popular genre by crossreferencing its stylings against some other style or genre. Because other people hear other things - many, many other things - which perhaps you're not aware of. >Where is the counterpoint? Where are the modulations? In the sound design, the rhythms, and the production, where they never trouble the hearing of anyone who has been trained to believe that musical structures are defined almost entirely by pitch patterns. Even the idea that music exists to 'express rhetorical ideas' is... actually quite odd, outside of classical training, anyway. I happen to like fugues very, very much. (The fugue in BWV 542 is a favourite - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6Kul3JzKI0. ) But the idea that music should aim for that always? Uh, nope. That's very good indeed, and much closer to my personal idea of a useful theory guide. That's mostly accurate, but not completely. British criminal legislation often includes explicit defence arguments - 'It is a defence that...' followed by a specific action, belief, or circumstance. The phone hacking law (RIPA) doesn't include that option. But the ultimate authority in British Crown Court trials is the jury, and if a lawyer can persuade a jury that a public interest defence is valid, that will swing a trial. Most of the phone hacking cases couldn't argue public interest because there wasn't any - it was random information gathering that could be useful in news stories and (allegedly) in other ways. There was no equivalent of the Profumo Scandal of the 60s, which would surely have counted as a public interest case. (Which is not to say equivalent scandals weren't found, but that if they were the press never revealed them.) >Indian culture is a caste system. US capitalism is also a caste system. Unlike the Indian system, it pretends very, very hard not to be. I don't see how you get one from economic situation to another. Would subsidised housing for the homeless destroy rental values? Would free food destroy the restaurant business? Isn't it more likely that a relative small spend would increase property values and restaurant footfall? Most people don't like having to deal with beggars and if beggars disappear from an area, isn't it at least worth considering that it could become more popular with potential customers and residents? Video courses != books. For whatever reason, people seem more willing to pay for video courses and hands-on instruction. Books are indeed a tough sell, but that's partly because if you publish with a traditional publisher you'll be lucky to get more $10k advance for a developer reference and $20k for a mainstream Windows/OS X book, and even luckier - like lottery-winner lucky - if that advance ever earns out and you see some royalties. That's the high end. The low end is somewhere between zero and not much. But if you can find an empty-ish niche and self-publish, your chances of a reasonable income are much higher. And if you can support that with live classes, sample code, a forum, and video content, I'd say the chances of making reasonable money are much better than in the crapshoot that is self-funded app development. You have a strange definition of everyone - one that conveniently ignores the massive gains in wealth made by the 1%. The age difference is a nitpick, and almost entirely irrelevant to the obvious political and economic implications. It's the same things for web apps, with added near-infinite possibilities for spam. I like HN's minimalism. The London site isn't minimal. It looks distractingly busy and over-designed. Unimpressed by the content too, but I think that's maybe more a function of the infamous forgettability of the Shoreditch scene. (I find it hard to get excited about startups that help you get your ironing done. But maybe that's just me.) I'm glad not everyone lives in your world. Are the permissions fine-grained enough to give users the power to say Yes to useful content and No to intrusive marketing messages? Or is the option to include that choice going to be left to site designers? >This won't change. Why should it? Because too many 'investors' are losing too much money on stupid non-projects. And the ROI you claim is the motivation is clearly not there. But wait! Maybe losing money is the point. Maybe, anthropologically speaking, being able to waste money on startups is some kind of potlach-style social signalling game which 'investors' use to reinforce their own status. Think this is far fetched? If so, explain to me why the ROI across the VC scene as a whole is so wretchedly bad compared to other investment opportunities, but it keeps getting money thrown at it regardless - even when this means starving viable but unsexy bootstrapped businesses that don't have Startup Appeal [tm], but are more likely to be both useful and profitable in the medium to long term. If you're primarily a communicator and not a coder making code for other coders, text-primary composition already looks archaic. Let's not forget that the main aim of PDFs and even TeX is to replace ink on paper. As a goal for 2014, I'd suggest that perhaps this is lacking ambition - as is the idea that the best of all possible systems is one where you crank a handle on some input data to run a batch process which generates various output formats. >much of the social media that I see is text-based. In my very average Facebook feed most messages include at least one image, and as a wild hand-wavy estimate maybe 10% include a video clip. Entire sites are devoted to slides, video tutorials, and photo sharing. I guess if 'We only do text' works for you, that's fine. It doesn't work for a lot of users. As a footnote, consider that it might be possible to write software using images, sounds, and video clips as semantic tokens instead of text strings. There's no real reason, beyond fear of the unknown, to constrain programming to text shuffling. My guess is that over the next century or so, associative intelligent systems that can parse (e.g.) visual, verbal and other sensory metaphors will provide better tools for solving certain kinds of problems than strict Turing logic. Calfornia's energy shortage is a classic market failure. If markets were capable of intelligent long-term strategy, California wouldn't have an energy shortage in the first place. Fusion isn't required to solve a problem that could have been solved by much simpler means. The fact that Java, ActiveX, Flash, and JavaScript became goto (sic) technologies only underlines how much the web has always been the poster child for 'worse is better.' The irony is that the web stack has become so complex you may as well build apps using one of the many mainstream compiled languages for app logic, and work with an improved DSL for styling and markup. (Which is more or less what Go+SASS/etc are becoming anyway.) The inevitable next stage will happen when the W3C discovers functional programming - I'm guessing around 2020 - and we'll have Greenspun our way to the 10th law again. Why would it do that? Phone owners compete by displaying famous models by famous brands. The idea that they'll compete on hardware specs requires more evidence. I suspect there's always been a strong element of competition based on physical size in computing. PC cases are about as small as you can take that and still leave room for customisability. So my guess is the overlap between the competitive hardware concept space, the custom-build concept space, and the pocket device concept space might be big enough to drive a tiny niche, but not a full consumer frenzy. That's almost exactly what Orbital Sciences did with an equivalent Russian rocket engine. I guess someone lost the PDF for it. >I believe Koch is conflating two distinct concepts. I believe Koch is conflating many distinct concepts - as most of the consciousness research field seems to. How can you say anything useful until you define your terms? It seems to me humans have many different layers of experience: Visceral pain/pleasure Instinctive drives Emotional/limbic experiences Locational (physical mapping) Memory-based/learned Abstract/intellectual/symbolic Consciousness is another kind of experience which adds a symbol that works a bit like JavaScript's 'this', and seems to create a level of experiential indirection - so instead of sensing something directly, you experience how it affects the 'this' symbol. It seems to do this by abstracting the experience and simultaneously comparing it with an associative database of previous experiences, using all of the circuits in the list. (And probably others too - I won't pretend this is a complete model.) You need some basic ability to abstract to have a 'this.' The better you are at it, the more bandwidth passes through the experience/memory/abstraction/future prediction/new memories system. Simpler animals have basic input circuitry, and they learn instinctively without abstraction. But... I'd guess surprisingly many animals of all kinds have a 'this' network. The human advantages are a 'this' network with more bandwidth, a much improved ability to learn from experiential invariants, an ability to make useful predictions, and an ability to store and communicate 'this' experiences using external technologies. If this sketch is accurate, consciousness doesn't have to be mysterious. But it also doesn't depend on a simple connection count. The Internet won't be conscious because it has no 'this' network. It has no pain/pleasure circuits, no emotional circuits, and no instinctive drives. But most of all it has no ability to compare memories with current experiences and to abstract learning from that. There are systems - like Google search - which have incredibly basic precursors to abstraction/learning/prediction. But they still mostly run on a batch basis with input->processing->output, and no explicit self-concept state memory. My guess is that if you built a system from these elements and included the current state of the art - or better - machine learning, machine vision, and natural language elements, with useful analogs of instinctive drives and the other animal fundamentals, you'd potentially have something that at least acted and sounded conscious, and would likely do some unexpected things. (Which is one of the practical ways we think we recognise consciousness. Conscious entities are hard to model . In fact we're probably easier to model than we think we are, but face to face, consciousness in other people usually implies surprises.) Whether or not it would be truly self-aware or just pretending is a question that's impossible to answer without resorting to metaphysics. >The ethical question is if drug use would go up and thus a legalise-drugs policy would be guilty of leading people down a bad and potentially deadly path. If the article is right that won't be so. Historically it's worth remembering that governments are notorious for drug dealing. Iran-Contra is the poster-child in the US (see also Gary Webb) but I'm not sure how many people know that the British Empire had significant funding from state-sanctioned narco-terrorism. See the history of the opium wars for details. Some people claim the links are still there today. It may or may not be a coincidence that imports of Afghan opium increased after the US/UK invasion. The usual justification is that local warlords make most of their money from opium sales, and the West has to accept that if it wants to keep them on as mercenaries and political allies. Bottom line is that prohibition doesn't seem to be applied consistently at nation-state level. Meanwhile at US state level, prohibition brings obvious financial benefits to owners of privatised jails. So given the history, I find it difficult to be anything but cynical about the supposedly moral basis for prohibition. Clearly psychoactives are far less corrosive socially than - say - alcohol. But recommendations for rational scientific management of addictions are routinely ignored in favour of juvenile rhetoric about 'tough' action in public, and - not impossibly - profit in private. Uh - remote? I've spent most of my professional life working from home. With some extra effort, you can earn an SV salary but live in an area that has a very un-SV cost of living. Traffic isn't an issue either. You can network remotely. You can build companies remotely. You can even find investors remotely. A few people are doing this already. More and more will in future. (Are we really supposed to believe it's always better to build Internet companies in meatspace? Hmmm.) I know there are downsides to remote working. Guess what? There are epic, catastrophic downsides to working in SV meatspace too. I'm looking forward to the day a few decades from now when what's left of SV gets turned into a museum, while the rest of the planet gets on with doing cool fun stuff... elsewhere. "Bohmian mechanics has never been widely accepted in the mainstream of the physics community. Since it is not part of the standard physics curriculum, many physicists—probably the majority—are simply unfamiliar with the theory and how it works. Sometimes the theory is rejected without explicit discussion of reasons for rejection. One also finds objections that are based on simple misunderstandings; among these are claims that some no-go theorem, such as von Neumann's theorem, the Kochen-Specker theorem, or Bell's theorem, shows that the theory cannot work. Such objections will not be dealt with here, as the reply to them will be obvious to those who understand the theory. In what follows only objections that are not based on elementary misunderstandings will be discussed." http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/qm-bohm/#o It's true that Bohmian mechanics has never been extended to a full QFT. But considering how little time has been spent on it, isn't it possible this is a result of observed bias against it, and not because it's fundamentally intractable? For comparison, other theories that have ended up in more intractable places (such as string theory) seem to be considered mainstream. Quite a lot of people have died or committed suicide in the UK recently, because the government decided to change the rules around disability and chronic illness. It hired a shill organisation to declare that the disabled, chronically ill, and dying were fit for work. So bedridden terminal cancer patients have had all benefits cut and told to look for work. This is not an exaggeration, by the way. Graeber has missed something very obvious. We do not have a market economy. What we have is a status economy. People who get useful stuff done have low status, because in the bullshit economy the ability to get and hold status is the most valuable of all skills. So all transactions become a test of relative status, and people who have to do productive work have lower status than people who move status tokens (i.e. 'money' and 'power') around. And the weak - the homeless, the ill, the disabled, the outsiders and minorities - have the lowest status of all. Not unless you count politics, law, finance, and economics. If you learn to write fiction you'll understand that almost all human thinking runs on 'narrative logic.' Human brains are basically story machines. There are (IMO) good evolutionary reasons for this. Even science at its best is just an occasionally successful attempt to stop using narrative logic to reason and to use other cognitive modes instead. Politics, economics, and law are almost entirely fuelled by narrative logic and rhetorical persuasion, which is its close cousin. >That is, we don't need to encourage art creation An exercise I often suggest is to imagine a world with no aesthetics at all. Everything is rendered in standard fonts, designed strictly for intelligibility. Colour isn't used at all. There's no personal adornment, no make-up, no jewellery. Photography and painting have never been invented. Nor has music. Nor have story-telling and metaphor - all communication is strictly factual and literal. Graphic design doesn't exist. Nor does product styling. Buildings, cars, clothes, everything is 100% functional with no decoration of any kind. Do you want to live in this world? Point is aesthetic expression is everywhere. It's not until you try to imagine a world without it that it becomes obvious how much of an obsession it is for humans. Not only was Basil Fawlty based on a real hotelier, but the hotel is now advertising itself as 'The inspiration for Fawlty Towers.' I discovered this last week when I drove past it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gleneagles_Hotel,_Torquay The underlying problem is dev time gets wasted on cosmetic updates while basic usability issues are ignored. Whatever OS you pick, there are elements that are simply wrong. I have a particular loathing of iTunes for its many persistent idiocies, but I could just as easily pick examples from Windows or Linux world. Designing eye-candy is much easier than designing good application work-flow - and it's the latter that defines the UX. It's baffling that this is either not understood or ignored by so many product managers. Or maybe not - if you research app design books you'll find a huge amount written about coding conventions and ideas like MVC, and quite a lot about HI standards and graphic design, but (relatively) almost nothing about workflow design. On that basis classical architecture and design have been far more successful than anything else. There's a reason for that Roman word in Times New Roman. Minimalism works well on small screens. But my guess is that as UI devices get bigger and more immersive we'll see more texture and decoration beginning to reappear; six feet of extreme white space is too much to hold interest as a container of useful content. Incidentally, not a few Victorian and Edwardian (i.e. pre-Bauhaus) public buildings in the UK have amazingly rich and detailed designs. They were incredibly labour intensive building projects, and there's something very compelling about spaces that were built and decorated almost entirely by hand with expert craft and precision and take pride and pleasure in expensive decoration. I'm not sure what the UI equivalent would be, but it's interesting to think about. Post-modernism is meta-aesthetics. It's not a specific visual style, it's a social game played by well-educated people to signal their learning to other well-educated people. The standard example would be an architect building the usual everything-is-a-rectangle modernist house and 'ironically' putting a classical portico two feet in front of it. That kind of thing was done to death in the 80s and 90s, and it's not so much of a thing any more. >The most absurd, ridiculous, and controversial creations are what shape wave after wave of art You could probably argue that the entire web is one massive work of art. It's certainly been absurd, ridiculous and controversial enough to qualify. (I mean that as a fan, not a critic.) Luckily there's never been any large scale violence within or around capitalism. Everyone's freedoms - especially the freedom to get paid a fair rate for hard work - are quite safe. 'The market' - which is actually not a useful catch-all way to describe a complex set of customs, traditions, power-plays, politics, and other relationships - may have undervalued something for all kinds of reasons. Markets are not only not omniscient, they're remarkably easy to influence if you're one of the relatively few people who understand how to do effective marketing. (I'm not, but I've certainly experienced people who are.) Ability-to-persuade usually trumps ability-to-deliver. Even in tech. So what's the real value of a product/service? With a failure like this, the lack-of-value may have been as much about the failure to upsell and market correctly as about a lack of practical usefulness. To me that's a bit like arguing that Linux/Windows/OS X should have driven broadband take-up. What actually happened was that a meta-OS - the web - drove broadband take-up, and broadband providers scrambled to improve the technology to meet demand. The demand for super-bandwidth mobile services isn't there in anything like the same way. And there's no equivalent meta-OS for mobile. But... at some point we're going to be moving to non-local storage and non-local processing, and Linux isn't really ideal for that. My guess is that will happen when computing finally starts moving past concepts that were developed in the late 1960s. AI may well be a driver of a non-local distributed computing which isn't based on the cycles-as-utility or cycles-as-private-resource models we're stuck with now. Is it too unrealistic to consider the possibility that the web could evolve into a single connected intelligent application that automatically load-balances and distributes cycles and storage across all connected devices? The entire academic publishing industry is messed up. There's just as much of a cost issue with arts and humanities journals. After health care, journal publishing fees are one of the biggest and most regressive 'free market' choke-point costs ever levied on human civilisation. >I think Radio Shack could be reborn if it did a few things. Top of the list should be 'Replace all middle and senior executives and managers.' It's fascinating to watch how organisations slide into extreme failure and dysfunction. And the loss is total - not is only is RS a terrible place to shop, it's a terrible place to work. Achieving an outcome with absolutely no upside takes real talent. But this kind of simmering hostility to everyone below a certain managerial seems endemic in corporations that grow beyond a certain size. It's not guaranteed to happen, but it seems to happen more often than it should. It's a fascinating phenomenon. It's surprising it hasn't been researched more fully. Is there room for simple decency in business? Markets appear to aggressively favour so-called winners who aren't notable for civility or decency. Gates 2.0 is tangential to the argument, because to some extent 2.0 is the creation of Melinda and a supporting PR machine. Gates 1.0 was a borderline sociopath who did a huge amount of damage to personal computing. At the very least MS held back OS innovation by about a decade or so, and also wasted huge amounts of time and money by forcing IE on the Internet, and also became notorious for killing promising start-ups. And yet MS was a hugely successful company. So PG is factually wrong. Markets, investors, and business culture don't just tolerate meanness, they actively reward it, and actively punish its opposite. (Go on - think of a corporation which is known globally from board level down for its outstanding ethics, its intolerance of exploitation, and its generosity. Now - what percentage of successful corporations has that reputation?) So I have no idea what the point of this essay is. FWIW I think PG's lucid prose style should be taught in schools as an excellent example of how to write persuasive essays. But I guess most people here understand the difference between persuasive stylings and factual correctness. I'm not seeing much of the latter here. (Unless PG means people aren't mean to him? Which is possible, I guess - founders will generally not be nasty to the dude with the money.) Indeed. It's much easier to be a web contrarian than to build widely-used solutions that don't have limitations, drawbacks, inconsistencies, or other issues. >What in the digital world would make it so expensive to publish content ? Profiteering and status. You're paying for access to the brand. Maybe AI will destroy the human race by becoming so entertaining we won't want to unplug it. Or do anything else except watch it and improve it. (See also, Internet.) I wouldn't say being a data compression geek makes anyone a master of DSP or of psychoacoustics. The basic issue with 16-bit is that low level details like reverb tails and hall ambiences or very quiet musical passages get the equivalent of 14-bit (f) 12-bit (mf) to 8-bit (ppp) sampling. This sounds noticeably grainy and digital. It's not about total dynamic range or sine waves, it's about the fact that human ears can do really neat source separation tricks. We can hear quiet elements in a mix without too much difficulty. If those elements are sampled at less than 16 bits - which they will be, if the maximum resolution is only 16-bits - we can hear that too. So 24-bits gives you effortlessly smooth sound for quiet passages and quiet details. 16-bits doesn't. (Dither helps a lot, but it only takes you so far.) Why are there still people who pretend this isn't relevant? It's not a difficult point to understand, and it shouldn't be controversial. Edit - the technical misunderstanding is a lack of appreciation of the different properties of the absolute theoretical noise floor of a converter, and the fact that quantisation noise isn't like analog noise. It's actually more of a hyper-objectionable and nasty sort-of-nonharmonic distortion. So as the bit resolution goes down, the sound doesn't just get buried in noise it also gets more and more obviously distorted. Apparently 'academic research' is now entirely a synonym for 'making money from funding.' PCM audio sampling is linear, not logarithmic. There are log sampling systems - e.g. A-law and u-law are used in telephone codecs. But uncompressed audio formats like PCM WAV are 100% linear. (Or should be, near enough.) Firstly people haven't 'done this test over and over.' There's been exactly one serious sort-of peer-reviewed paper in the AES journal, and that paper compared high-res commercially mastered audio sources of possibly questionable parentage with a 44.1/16 downconversion. It also included SACD, which isn't a fixed bit depth linear PCM technology, and has been justifiably criticised for it. I'm not aware of any tests that compare raw high-res unprocessed recordings with downsampled content. Secondly, a fair comparison would be 48/16 and 48/24. Personally I'm not very sold on high sample rates. I know there are technical reasons why it's easier to make antialiasing filters sound transparent at 96k than it is at 44.1k, and in practice it's not easy to pull apart practical design from theoretical limits. (Nyquist is only ever an ideal. No hardware is ever Nyquist-perfect.) Basically psychoacoustics is hard. Ears are ridiculously sensitive, brains are occasionally delusional, and marketing people lurk everywhere. It's extremely difficult to pull apart fact from reality. But that's no excuse for having a misleadingly superficial understanding of the theory - which the original article does. Do you have a perfect DAC we can use as a reference? I'm going to agree with the critics - I think you may be confusing technical problem-solving with artistic awareness. They're all interesting as technology demonstrations, but none of them improve on the original compositions, and some of them are almost completely unsuccessful as visual art. It didn't seem pretentious so much as unfairly entitled and demanding, and potentially insensitive to the needs and interests of possible co-workers. But it's interesting to watch someone coming at it from that angle, instead of the usual 'give employers anything they want' view. Personal brand building. It's totally a thing. Slight problem - DXD is not PCM. It's downsampled DSD, which isn't a true PCM format and is of debatable value in a bit-depth test. DSD uses single-bit delta-sigma modulation at a very high sample rate. You have to downconvert it before you can hear it, and this adds noise/dither/distortion. One of the problems with DSD is that it's not entirely clear what useful bit-depth you're left with after downsampling, because there are theoretical reasons for criticising one-bit sampling. See e.g. http://sjeng.org/ftp/SACD.pdf A useful test would start with high quality unmastered and unprocessed 24-bit PCM recordings and A/B them with 16-bit downconversions. (Remember, even orchestral recordings are mixed in a studio and the individual stems usually have some dynamic processing and gain riding, even if it's not as obvious as dance music pumping.) I'd expect a test like this to use a bit meter like Bitter to confirm there's useful information in the lower bits, and not just rely on a vague estimate of the dynamic range. http://www.stillwellaudio.com/plugins/bitter/ Ironically, all of the reviews of the Bozza track say that the BluRay audio version sounds cleaner than the SACD source used here. (I have no idea if this is true. But if someone has both and wants to do a blind A/B, that would be interesting.) It's also worth mentioning there are easy-to-find test tones you can use to check how clean your audio hardware is at extreme sample rates. They're not directly relevant to bit-depth tests, but they're a good torture test for audio. http://www.audiocheck.net/testtones_highdefinitionaudio.php Maybe a better analogy would be hiring a hall for a music copiers swap meet and charging advertisers for wall space around the hall? Now, as crimes go I happen to think TPB are far less guilty of offences against humanity than - say - the bankers who cause the 2008 meltdown, or the torturers at the CIA. And it's also debatable just how many sales of mainstream CDs are lost due to piracy. But I know a couple of small music software/plugin devs who shut up shop because piracy killed their revenue stream, and it just wasn't worth their time any more. So it's counterfactual for the supporters to pretend there are no negative consequences to file sharing, and it's all about heroically sticking it to The Man. It really isn't. Yes, it's very, very good - a joy to read. That's odd, because the UK experience is that while there's some superficial liberalisation, services stop improving after a while, contempt for customers becomes endemic, a new managerial/rentier class appears to squat on the new economic opportunities, and prices invariably skyrocket. Privatised utilities? Yep. Energy price inflation has made a huge contribution to keeping the economy stagnant since 2008. Supposedly this is because wholesale prices have increased. But the industry has - for example - closed 'uneconomic' winter gas storage, which now guarantees that the UK has less than a third of the winter reserves of more sensible countries, which makes it more vulnerable to increases in cold weather spot pricing. Privatised rail? Totally - with the added insult that state subsidies are higher than they were during the days when rail was nationalised, and adjusted ticket prices were less than 10% of what they are now. Privatised dentistry? Yep. There are ragged remnants of NHS dental care in many places, but it's often impossible for anyone who isn't earning good middle class money to get any dental care at all. Privatised universities? With a new business-driven ethic, quality and independence of research is disappearing, fees are waiting to explode, students are treated entirely as a cash crop. Privatised property ownership? Destroying the UK's stock of council-owned rentable property has put average house prices far beyond the reach of anyone on average earnings. Privatised communications? The US and UK and telecom sectors are legendary for miserably slow broadband roll-out outside of headlining urban areas. The mobile phone service barely works, even in cities. But customers are locked into 18 month contracts, even in areas with little or no signal quality. Broadband has stalled in 'non-economic areas'. Because no one wants to use broadband outside cities. Airlines? Considering O'Leary's reputation, I'm not sure mentioning Ryanair is really helping your case. Not only is privatisation irrationally wasteful, it also generates inevitable economic opportunity costs in the form of low wages, zero-hours contracts, and debt instability. So it's nice that you get mail on Sundays. Most of the UK still doesn't and never will. And when postal prices start creeping up and services are cut the odds of further service improvement are somewhere between none and zero. But the ROI on the productivity of a seasoned 50 year old can be far higher. Bean-counters who think 'Don't spend money' is a good way to run a corporation are not only clueless, they're immensely destructive. The correct approach is 'Don't spend money unless you get a good return on it.' In some situations, the expensive choice is the rational one. Unfortunately hiring policies aren't rational. There are all kinds of issues of power, politics, face, ego, image, prestige, accountability, and so on to consider. These are the real root causes of ageism and sexism. >There's not much room for interpretation there unless you choose a different definition of "recession". Inexplicably, the mainstream definition of GDP omits to explain how GDP growth is distributed. Equally inexplicably, almost all of mainstream economic policy and theory makes similar - let's be kind - interpretations about economic experience which privilege a certain perspective while ignoring other equally valid perspectives. So technically you're correct. Politically, in terms of the everyday experience of most of the population, 'The recession is over' is raving nonsense. >It will probably just take a while for society to sort all of this out. I'm betting on a millennium or two. (At least I would if it were practical.) >I think most people reading this will be just fine and probably live really nice lives. So that's just fine, I guess? >After a week the hole is done and after another few days the hole is filled back. >Now they sit at the campfire and think by themselves what great two weeks those were: they were employed. And how is this - or how is the original NASA makework - different to a startup that burns through tens or hundreds of millions and then dies? I suppose you could argue that the startup might have succeeded, and at least some people believed it would. Some people believed the tower would be useful. Others knew it wouldn't be, but still thought the cash infusion would be useful - either for them personally, or for their community. What is the difference? Because if we're going to be asking questions about the utility of makework and the social value of Keynesian welfare, we should perhaps be asking about the actual social and economic utility of most start-ups, and whether the fact that they're private sector boondoggles really does make them any more economically efficient. >Is there anything in place to ensure accountably of news releases in news organizations? News organisations are in the business of shaping public opinion and/or providing public entertainment. They're not in the business of encouraging informed debate - which is a minority interest at best, and bad for business at worst. So - no. There is no accountability in journalism or in media ownership. If a car blew up and left you stranded whenever you filled it with gas, or unlocked its doors whenever you left it out in the rain, you'd demand a refund and perhaps compensation. It's a testament to the usefulness of lawyers that the big players in the software industry don't even pretend they can work at the level of professional and managerial competence offered by almost all other consumer and B2B industries. I'd suggest it's practically impossible for anyone to get by on 4 hours sleep a day and remain even remotely sane. Sleep deprivation is classed as torture. Even if you're a Type A personality, 4 hours is not enough to avoid issues with basic cognitive competence (at best) and general mental health (at worst). See e.g. http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/17/magazine/mag-17Sleep-t.htm... It's not unusual for content that appears to be by famous names to be ghost written and (sometimes) approved by the famous name. Or their agent. So here was absolutely no reason not to hire Paltrow - even if she can't write her way out of a YouTube comments section. Celebrity culture sells. It's kind of disappointing, but empirically it's what a lot of people want and will pay money for. LEDs are vastly brighter than bioluminescence. And engineered bioluminescence isn't actually new. It's one of the easiest things to engineer, and it's one of the first things the gene tech people did when they started playing with this stuff. This 'designer/architect' seems more like a self-promoter. There's an entire class of 'designers' who see themselves as gifted idea people, but in fact they lack the scientific literacy to realise why some ideas aren't good engineering. Real designers do clever stuff that works in reality, not just as a concept in an illustration. While I'm all for high quality bioengineering as a future trend, I suspect it's quite a bit harder to replace current technology with it than this 'designer' thinks. Hilary Mantel's short story about the (ahistorical) assassination of Margaret Thatcher was almost banned in the UK. A contemporary story about the assassination of David Cameron would be unlikely to make it to the BBC. A contemporary movie about same would never be funded. So where are the alternative valuations? Where are the alternative business models that don't emphasise stock ownership and stock value? Where is free public access to the freshest financial data and hyper-speed trading platforms? Why do you never see anyone arguing that a bank balance is just a bit pattern, and if you copy a bit pattern from one place to another you're not actually stealing anything? You regularly see this argument from opponents of DRM who are justifying the copying of artistic work. Why do they never apply it to finance? What gives money a special pass on this? If you can't answer that question without thinking it through - i.e. without just responding emotionally with an 'OMG the world would end if everyone did that' - then you can't make a statement like 'most modes of unfairness are almost fully compensated for' and expect to get free pass on it either. >If you're trading a major stock like Apple you can be sure you'll trade for a value near the market's best estimate of what the true long-term value of that stock. There is no such thing as a market. There are only people, and politics, and political relationships. Finance and 'markets' are just quantified politics, which - like all political systems - happen to privilege one particular set of actors. >he can be sure he won't be ripped off and can sell for no more or no less than the value of his goods; he can choose to sell at any time, he'll be able to do so instantly. If you knew anything about farming you'd know that this is exactly what doesn't happen. What actually happens - in the UK at least - is that buyers form cartels and dictate prices to sellers. Smarter countries like Canada regulate prices to keep farms working. (Forcing a farm to close because of one bad financial year is dangerously stupid if you want to keep feeding your population.) But manipulation couldn't happen in the pure world of finance, surely? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forex_scandal But that couldn't happen to stock prices, could it? https://ideas.repec.org/a/tpr/restat/v73y1991i2p309-17.html Nuts and seeds are even more concentrated. Nut-rich trail mix has almost twice the calories of a bowl of rice. You could pretty much live off muesli after the apocalypse. (Until it runs out, anyway.) Or it means networks of privilege are remarkably persistent. Or perhaps that you can't tell anything useful from surnames without doing a full genealogical survey just to check that these 'winners' are actually related. The suggestion that a talent for social climbing is innate is perennially popular with a certain segment of the population. Wilkinson and Pickett (2009) make a good counterargument. Because being human is about a lot more than being intelligent, for whatever definition of intelligence you happen to be using. Roughly half the human population has below-average intelligence, but carries right on being human regardless. Inventiveness is possibly more of a species marker than raw IQ. We're not actually that great at being intelligent. But we're very good at using our intelligence to create experiences, invent new things, and pass both to offspring through indirect external memory structures. >Are humans from 100,000 years ago less human than humans today, even if we have "improved" slightly due to natural selection? It may be hard to find anyone who accepts that Paranthropus or Homo Erectus were just as human as modern Homo Sapiens. Homo Erectus died out around 150kybp, which is close enough, I guess. It's not impossible. But it is a stretch. How would a member of Kim Court know where to find hackers? I'm not sure what percentage of people here know where to find those kinds of hackers, and we're supposed to be IT experts. So the idea that some underling in the world's one surviving Stalinist state, which happens to have barely any Internet, knows where to hang out on DarkNet, and also has a suitably impressive stash of BitCoins, and knows enough about corporate politics to understand how to cause Sony Pix maximum humiliation - all that sounds just slightly unlikely, no? China? Maybe. Russia? Possibly. 4Chan and/or LulzSec? Uh huh. But North Korea? Possibly not. >Aren't we supposed to be committed to reducing carbon emissions? No. We should be committed to reducing carbon emissions. But so far, because we're not very good at thinking as a species and not just as individuals motivated solely by short-term competitive self-interest, we're very much not. I think PG's point conflates a whole bunch of unrelated stuff, including: 1. Experts as people with unusual technical competence in one or more related fields. 2. Experts as 'big picture' prophets of the future. 3. Experts as 'small picture' refiners of future tech. 4. Experts as packagers, innovators, and marketers who create new markets for the work of 2 and 3. 5. Experts as investors who look for all of the above and try to work out if they can make money from them. Aren't these mostly unrelated job descriptions? There's no reason why a brilliant academic who understands compiler design would have anything useful to say about the future of consumer electronics. Likewise, I wouldn't have expected Steve Jobs to contribute much to (say) research into room temperature semiconductors. Steve Jobs was brilliant at packaging and selling stuff, not at theoretical physics. PG's real point seems to be that if you 'hire' smart, creative, hard-working people, they're more likely to do something useful for you than people who aren't smart, creative, or hard-working. Which is surely true (if they're not difficult) but doesn't have much to do with expert predictions about the future. It's kind of a retread of Spolsky's 'smart, gets things done', with a more entrepreneurial twist and an implied 'has original insights'. (Spolsky being an excellent example of all four.) Bank failures are endemic, regular, and predictable. 2008 was a slightly warped replay of many earlier events. (Who remembers Savings and Loan in the 80s?) It would have been possible to restore confidence in other ways. Traditionally, good assets are collected into good banks, and bad assets are dumped into bad banks. The bad banks get thrown under a bus, and the good banks get full government backing until trust is restored. It's a tried and tested formula that has worked in other countries. What TARP didn't solve was the endemic corruption and criminality that caused 2008. (Remember how some banks launched foreclosure farms that rubber-stamped property seizures - and sometimes stole property that didn't even have an outstanding loan?) Unfortunately the corruption goes all the way to the Fed and the Congress, so a full restoration of Glass-Steagall, and jail time for the main perps, was never going to happen. A few billion in 'profit' sounds like a lot, but it's a drop in the ocean compared to the incredible destruction and loss of economic potential caused by the persistent fraud, aversion to adult supervision, and deep-seated social irresponsibility endemic at all levels of the financial industries. >"Rationality" does not require that one must perform a search through every possible permutation of items. And yet you - or someone, inevitably - is also going to claim that markets are somehow magically "efficient" precisely because they're capable of usefully approximating exactly this kind of optimisation. So which is it? Is "market efficiency" rational or not? As for the original claim - of course it's true. Any sane study of the financial industry should make it obvious that the last people you want to manage anything are those who are motivated primarily by profit - precisely because they inevitably lack empathy and awareness of the social costs of their "rational" decisions. Rights try to predefine 'best possible' for a culture. This is a good thing because it provides a written moral standard and a legal basis for further argument - rather like a constitution. Relying on 'rational argument' doesn't work as well because most 'rational argument' in politics, law, and economics is persuasion through sophistry, custom, tribalism, rhetoric, appeal to self-interest, and/or the application or threat of force. None of these have much to do with rationality in the scientific sense of being able to build useful models of reality from data. tl dr; Defining rights makes spurious political plays more difficult. There's no empirical evidence I know of that suggests that a decent but minimal income stops people working. Certain demographics work like this, often in a limited way. But it's by no means a given across working populations as a whole. That's pretty much the point of basic income. It isn't just about eliminating obvious avoidable and medieval horrors like poverty - it's about restructuring the job market so workers can provide a useful contribution they have some passion for, instead of being forced into drudge work that doesn't pay their bills or provide for retirement, never mind provide them with an outlet for their passion. The conservative belief that if you don't aggressively the poor for their poverty they won't work[1], is an outrageous relic of the middle ages and has no place in the 21st century. [1} Hardly hyperbole by the way, as the UK's Tories have proved again over their most recent term. By 'market forces' you mean 'employers colluding illegally to keep wages low', perhaps? http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/google-apple-abobe-a... >whereas organizations want to get a bunch of people working at a group optimum. It's an exceptional and rare organisation where this is even remotely realistic as a goal. The appearance of productivity is usually far more important than the reality - especially in mid/late corporations, where the most significant outputs are primate status plays and politics. >what you see as interruption might be, from the context of the company you work for, be the most globally productive use of your time. I think Joel Spolsky covered this neatly somewhere. If you kick a programmer out of The Zone with a distraction, you can lose whole hours of useful productivity. No sane manager is going to want to do that without a really good reason. >programmers nearly always err on the side of too little communication That's because programmers like to be left in peace to work on small, relatively well-defined problems. Communication can be limited to progress and code reviews and goal-setting by team leaders. Everything else is noise. The real problem with remote working is that too few corps understand it, and too many managers believe employees aren't functional adults who can work without constant supervision. It's a management issue, not a programmer issue. I think at some point we're going to see some faddy Harvard Review type write a faddy Harvard Review type book about remote, and it's suddenly going to become the new outsourcing. Because cheap. But meanwhile - Paul Graham's problem is that he has a nostalgic hankering for a vision of SV and start-up culture that's already well on its way to being disrupted by the global talent he wants to move to the US. If you're a world-class five percenter, why on earth would you want to move somewhere with insane living expenses and in-bred VC culture of the Valley when you can bootstrap and innovate around it elsewhere? Does he really believe all that funding and schmoozing and presentation is essential to getting a business up and running on a planet with an Internet? Graham maybe needs to consider the possibility that those five percenters aren't his future employees - they're his future direct competitors. Customers are accepting web apps. They don't care if the apps are written in Flash, js, BrainFuck, Haskell, or morse code converted into asm.js via a transcompiler written in APL. But development is not a democracy, and the fact that n thousand projects use a certain stack doesn't mean the stack is fit for purpose. Take the security horror that is Wordpress. It's popular because it's easy to use, but from a professional point of view it's an infosec plague and server killer. The quibbles about js have nothing to do with its popularity. They're more about the overall lack of professionalism in software development. The underlying issue is scope. We don't have a cathedral, or a bazaar. What we have is exactly one (1) planetary network, made of a loose affiliation of barely cooperating nodes and applications. The original Internet infrastructure worked because the RFC process meant that the core features were designed and refined by peers. Hobby coding in the bazaar removes all elements of peer review. But the alternative isn't a UNIX-style cathedral, it's a revised set of standards leading - eventually, I guess - to a planet-scale operating system and shared library framework that takes away all the cruft by making it unnecessary. None of the current stacks are the right way to make that happen. So the issue isn't js - it's more that web stacks have become de facto operating systems for industrial computing projects without any of the rigour, peer review, or oversight of a well-designed industrial gold standard OS. And it seems that no one - or at least no one that Tim O'Reilly's authors talk to - is even thinking about how to create an OS of that quality. I see you missed this: http://phys.org/news/2014-10-interacting-worlds-theory-scien... In a curved spacetime Pi could easily be 4.0. Pi is an idealised approximation of a certain kind of curvature in a certain kind of spacetime. Pi appears to have infinite precision only if you assume the curvature and the spacetime are perfectly smooth and have infinite resolution. Given there's a Planck limit, it's unlikely the universe really is perfectly smooth. So Pi in the real universe is not very likely to have infinite precision. That's where the concept of Pi as a Platonic example of mathematical perfection trips over the reality of physics as a messy thing where traditional math structures can only ever provide approximate descriptions. Beyond a certain level of detail Other Stuff is happening, and you can't assume smoothness or infinite precision. We don't know a whole lot about the Other Stuff yet. One reason is that math was built to work with smooth functions with infinite precision, and there's no equivalent math that describes the lumps of whatever spacetime is made of, or the relationships between the lumps. He's a symptom, not a cause. (Although possibly not a very original symptom.) There's a general tendency for professions to Dunning-Kruger themselves out of an understanding of the markers for real talent in other professions - or, in the more tragic cases, of the markers for real talent in their own. There are probably also 100X people - and they're mostly unemployable in any conventional sense. (Maybe Wolfram and Kurzweil?) I think the bar for top talent is higher than is obvious, and it's lower than it used to be. It's not at the level of 'smart and gets a lot of stuff done' - it's at the level of good as McCarthy and K&R and the guys (and occasionally the women) who invented coding in the 60s and 70s. Most of them have been forgotten, but many of them had phenomenal skills - the kind of people who would work for a couple of months on a project, type in all the code on a single day, and have it work perfectly first time. Or who would sketch out a fully functional timesharing OS for a new hardware architecture over a weekend and have it finished and working a couple of months later. Or the small team at Xerox PARC led by Charles Thacker who decided to clone an entire DEC PDP-10 mainframe as a side project , because management wouldn't let them buy one and they wanted something nicer to code on. >Income isn't distributed, but earned. Simply, no. Income distribution is political. The kind of inequalities highlighted in the article were much lower in the past because of political decisions in the even more distant past. Then they became higher because of more recent political lobbying and manipulation. Only the most naive misunderstanding of economics ignores these kinds of political factors. >General quality of life is far better now than it has ever been. Unless you live in - say - Detroit, where the profligacy and irresponsibility of the financial industry in the run up to 2008 did more damage to the area than a tactical nuclear weapon would have. Or you're one of the many Americans 'earning' from two jobs and still not being able to pay your bills. >The key take away I think is NOT that recently OS X has some bugs, rather that the seemingly increasing in occurrence of bugs that more advanced users are experiencing is perceived as a sign on discarding their Test Everything Well Before Shipping culture that important to these people. Apple products are clearly becoming less stable and usable, in ways that are very basic and obvious. Extreme computing skills are not required. I can think of the following bugs without trying too hard: iCloud Notes fail to sync between my Mac, iPad and iPhone. (I've tried everything I can to fix this. Nothing worked.) iPhoto makes two copies of all my photos when I download them from them my iPhone/iPad. Windows/OS X networked file sharing seems deliberately broken, possibly at the Apple end. (You have to install the previous version of Samba to get it to kind-of work some of the time.) I can't use FaceTime on my Mac because some weird sample rate issue makes everyone sound like a chipmunk. Incoming FaceTime calls don't always ring on all devices, and some are simply ignored on all devices. (This is particularly unhelpful, especially for business calls.) iTunes is an outstanding example of terrible software design. (Why is it still impossible to access app content directories from iTunes in any useful way? Why is the app icon layout editor so crufty and clumsy? And so on...) All these features Just Don't Work[tm]. And it's not as a result of god-mode tweaking. They've simply never worked. tl:dr; - Apple really needs to improve its software game. I think the actual problem is complacency and a culture that favours style-over-substance marketing over solid UX engineering. There's a lot of interest in trivia like flat icons, but clearly no one in or near the C-Suite cares about more basic usability issues. > I don't believe in innate talent. I totally believe in innate talent. There are standard breakpoints in math teaching where people simply don't get it. No matter how much time you spend explaining it to them, their brains aren't wired up to handle certain levels of abstraction. At best they remember it briefly, but it never sticks. (The breakpoints are roughly at basic 'manipulate equations to find x' algebra, basic calculus, and calculus in many dimensions.) Being good at software and math requires an innate ability for symbolic abstraction and reasoning. It also needs a good memory, so you can keep a lot of details in your brain at the same time. If you don't have those, you're not going to be able to do the job - certainly not well, and possibly at all. Hard work will make the most of natural aptitude, but there has to be some natural aptitude to start with. If this isn't obvious, I'd suggest learning some completely new skill, like painting or music. If you don't have natural ability you'll spend a lot of time flailing around wondering how the hell anyone can do it at all. That's how most of the population feels about coding. The HN population is a self-selecting group that feels otherwise - but that doesn't make it typical. There are a lot of basic mistakes. 1. Concorde was on the verge of being replaced by a more efficient Model B version, which was quieter and cheaper to run. That was on the drawing board in the 1970s. Model C, D, E versions would have been cheaper and even more cost effective. 2. Concorde was actually killed by anticompetitive US politics. The story is too complex to detail here, but it's not a mystery in the aerospace biz. 3. If Stross thinks bizjets kill airliners, what's to stop the development of a hypersonic bizjet to give buyers the best of all possible worlds, and also provide the ultimate status symbol for those who care about such things? 4. Trrrrism? This part can be ignored, because the argument is silly. 5. Energy cost remains an issue. But if you're in the (literally) stratospheric biz set, you're not going to care about that. 6. Telepresence may kill some of the market, because I'm guessing 15 years from now it's going to be impressively immersive. But for some applications, including highly secure negotiations and ultra-speedy courier services, there's still no substitute for being there. So in fact there's a perfectly viable, if innovative, business case, and the technology is looking at least potentially feasible. I wouldn't be surprised to see these services running before 2030. The bazaar seems to have permanent and crippling ADHD and seems mostly dedicated to reinventing wheels. (There are exceptions, but maybe not as many as we'd all like.) The cathedral is a centralised bureaucratic black hole. This is another example where O'Reilly's attempts at social engineering have gone horribly wrong. Neither model is ideal, and both are somewhat wrong. I'm surprised how little computer science is about project psychology, and how little effort has gone into defining the dynamics of successful and innovative developer teams. There are a few heuristics that seem to work reliably - use a small number of the smartest people you can find, get them to peer review the design before anyone starts coding, and continue peer review as they work - but almost nothing (at least not much I've been able to find) about how to make innovative magic happen reliably. Point is books like the C & B are story-telling designed to pander to a certain audience, not empirically tested science. More of the latter and less of the former might do some useful things. You could go some way to solving the problem by making all financial transactions public, no exceptions, with extremely severe penalties for attempted non-disclosure. This suggestion often makes heads explodes, but some countries do something similar already. How is that not political advocacy? If a Socialist site 'republished literature important to classical Socialism and the moral case for social equality' would you not consider it a political entity? I think considering the massive policy advantages - if not the total lockdown - given to conservative ideas in government, especially in economics and banking, that's not quite the problem it might seem to be. The real problem with left-wing academia is that it has been persuaded to believe that ritualised criticisms of conservative public policy are a substitute for political influence. The academic left has almost exactly no political influence at this time. As for evidence-based policy - when conservatives stop promoting frankly kooky positions like climate change denial or an insistence that raising the minimum wage kills jobs it's going to be easier to accept that conservatives have an interest in evidence-based rational policy. 'Rational Self Interest' is a myth. For self interest to be truly rational you'd have to be able to model long term consequences of short term decisions extremely well. This would be a useful way to make sure you wouldn't do something incredibly stupid and ultimately self-defeating just so you could to make a quick buck in the next quarter, if the ultimately consequence was that the same 'rational decision' was going to kill you - financially or literally - a year or ten later. (Or at least you'd be fully aware that it was likely to kill you, and were just fine with that.) If you try to model long term wide area consequences you eventually have to accept that rational actors work within some very irrational belief systems, and long term modelling is very much a minority interest. This is partly because you get as much useful information about the future from 'market signals' as you get from any stampeding herd, flock or school of animals - which is not much. This has been covered over and over in the literature (e.g. Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds, etc). >Almost every industry is full of people who toil at jobs they're not passionate about, and it doesn't make their employers bad companies. Maybe not. But it certainly makes them extremely dull and horribly inefficient, economically and politically. >There's a legitimate complaint here about poor craftsmanship, I don't think it's a complaint about poor craftsmanship. I think it's a complaint about questionable cultural ethics. >It seems to me that a simple way to eliminate the feedback issue is to separate the microphone from the speaker. That won't necessarily fix the problem. Feedback comes from bad electronic/DSP design. Physical mic/speaker positioning makes certain solutions harder, but in practical designs it's not (usually) the limiting factor. Phones of all kinds, Skype, etc include adaptive echo/feedback cancellation already. It's a well-understood technology - adaptive cancellation has been used since the 1960s - although the fact that it exists is maybe not as well known as it could be. (Protip - if Skype starts feeding back, you can often reset the adaptive filter by clapping once loudly.) As for hearing aids - the first papers mentioning multiband compression date from the 1980s, so there's nothing new here, except maybe a lack of research. My mother's hearing is pretty bad now, and I had to talk a professional audiologist through tuning her aids for maximum intelligibility. I couldn't fault his personal skills, but the consonant/vowel heuristic he'd learned in training was oversimplified and not giving good results. He'd basically set up a phone curve filter, but in fact you need some low-mid for good intelligibility, especially on male voices. Once he dialed that back in everyone was happy. Thing is, we needed three one hour sessions to get it in the ballpark. The real problem with aids isn't the technology, it's the fact that setting up a good prescription is really difficult and time-consuming - even more so for elderly people who may have problems describing what they're hearing. It means you're a full-time professional musician. Not a part-time semi-professional musician with a day job to pay the bills, who is permanently distracted by Not Music. >a lot of independent musicians who have achieved massive success outside of the traditional recording studio model in the internet age, largely through selling their own work and through touring. No there aren't. There are very, very few professional musicians working that route, and hardly any of them have achieved 'massive success.' Most of the ones who did already had an old-style label-based career, or at least label+management backing. Most of the really successful ones don't sell their own work and perform. They write and arrange songs for top performers, or they work as producers - which is what Albini does now, mostly - or they do work-for-hire movie and game soundtracks, or they write commercial music for ads, or they work as sound designers. Being a famous name performer is a career that works for a tiny handful of (mostly) singers, who are primarily picked for sexiness and (sometimes) charisma, not for musical creativity. This culture believes that management and finance are the most important and valuable things in the world - more important than science, more necessary than art, more powerful than physical reality. This culture is spectacularly wrong, and will be discovering exactly how wrong over the next few decades. You must be unfamiliar with the AES and other papers that describe audible jitter and the threshold at which it starts to become audible. See e.g. "Eric Benjamin and Benjamin Gannon, "Theoretical and Audible Effects of Jitter on Digital Audio Quality", Preprint 4826 of the 105th AES Convention, San Francisco, September 1998" or "The Effects of Sampling Clock Jitter on Nyquist Sampling Analog-to-Digital Converters, and on Oversampling Delta-Sigma ADCs, 87th Convention of the Audio Engineering Society, October, 1989" or Ashihara and Kiryu, etc (2005) https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/article/ast/26/1/26_1_50/_pdf I know someone who works in opera, and the conductor is always there in rehearsals, even when the only member of the 'orchestra' is a pianist playing a piano reduction. And some singers. Who are drilled meticulously until they sing with the tempo, phrasing, and dynamics the conductor wants. In opera, conductors also try to cue the singers, so they know where they are and they don't start phrases early or late. In classical performances the tempo/time signature changes can be fearsome, and by the time you get to late 19th/early 20th C rep (Strauss, Wagner, etc) they're terrifyingly complex. So yes, conductors are essential. From a strict biz point of view, the flaw is in the accelerator/startup model. If you have a viable business idea, you can make money from it almost from day one. There are plenty of people who run side businesses and do a day job too. You only need a huge sum of investment cash if you need to pay yourself and/or a dev team a ton of money to build a massive working prototype and do some marketing. So what is YC actually for? How much of the chumminess and support offered by getting into YC is mission critical ? If you can't answer that question, don't apply. And I'd suggest that you don't know enough to answer that question until you've built a prototype small business that runs successfully - not just a GitHub account with shiny code happening that might somehow be business related, perhaps, but a business with paying customers that makes more than it costs to run. If you need to spend five weeks writing code, you may as well expand that to half a year of less intense and more considered part-time work, bypass the drama, and see how well your business idea does on objective terms in the real world. You won't get feted as one of the elite entrepreneur class, but you'll learn a hell of lot more about business, customers, and yourself than you will by spending a fortune on moving to SF and hanging out with the cool kids. Bottom line is that if you don't have the stamina to go it alone, you probably won't do so well with funding anyway. While some people predicted the Internet, or something like it, no one predicted Internet culture. And I don't think anyone seriously imagined that the Internet would be accessible through a terminal you could carry in your pocket that also worked as a clock, camera, calendar, video and audio phone, calculator, weather forecaster, fitness monitor, games machine, and smart personal assistant. It's debatable if a moon base would have been better. I suppose a moon base would have created cultural changes of its own, but I'm not convinced they would have been as disruptive as the Internet. (And it's just getting started...) You could put an H inside a circle, but a lot of people will think you're trying to be a hospital. I'd suggest (λx.t), but that's not very anarchic, I guess. This debate has been going since the days of AOL and CompuServe. As here, it usually misses the differences between public content, private content, and corporately farmed content. Twitter etc are corporately farmed content, and they all provide web and app access. The access method is just a front end. Personal content in apps isn't usually all that interesting. It's hard to think why anyone would care about my Angry Birds scores, or what level I'm on in Candy Crush. (If I played Candy Crush, which I don't.) If you want to make an app that shares content on the web, it's not difficult. I don't see a problem with the fact that it's extra effort, and if you're going to do it you need to justify that effort in some way. >This is basically saying that human values are complex enough that we should instruct an AI to study humans to figure out what they are, rather than try to program values in directly and risk getting them wrong. Oh god no. A thousand times no. Humans are masters at hiding sociopathy behind cultural and political obfuscation. A machine that looks at human leaders and generalises human values from them is absolutely guaranteed to be a monster. >I'd be a lot more comfortable if metaethics and related philosophy advanced to the point where we didn't have to rely on indirect normativity. We already have any number of perfectly sustainable ethical systems. What we don't have is the ability to follow them in practice - partly because all political systems tend to reward power and influence with more power and influence, and partly because even when there are token checks and balances (e.g. in the form of representative democracy) it's so easy to game them with appeals to irrationality and emotion. This rarely works out well for most of the population. But I don't much like the content of the proposal. I think you can have extremely useful intelligence amplification without any need for agency or personality. Much better modelling along the lines of 'If you do this, this will be the outcome' would be a game changer on its own. I'm surprised you think so. Perhaps you believe The Magic Market Fairy somehow assembles products without human help? Last time I looked if you took labor out of the process, all you'd have left were assorted piles of raw commodities and disappointed wishes for the future. Not even marketing can save you from this terrible fate. (Unless you work for Cards Against Humanity, in which case - well played over Christmas.) >This is a group of students railing against something that they don't understand. Indeed, for assorted values of 'students.' Firstly the model you claim isn't taught as an actual model of the world is - for some reason - exactly the model used to shape national and international economic policy. The European economy has been crippled over the last few years by bankers and ideologues who plainly believe that this model is the only possible way to describe economic activity. You also ignore the fact that the few heterodox economists that exist are utterly ignored by policy makers - even when they continue to make correct predictions about future economic outcomes. >a rigorous intellectual deconstruction Rigorous intellectual deconstructions have existed for decades. They have a much better predictive record than mainstream 'wisdom', but they continue to be ignored by the profession. How do you explain this? I'll explain it by pointing out that mainstream economics has always been a purely political exercise, funded by those who would benefit from it, and created as a deliberate attempt to eliminate the political leverage of those they considered their social and economic inferiors. I wonder how many fans of mainstream economics know anything about the real history of Hayek, or of the Mont Pelerin Society, or the influence of Harold Luhnow and his administration of the Volker Fund, or how the so-called political consensus around free-market liberalism is a wholly manufactured PR exercise and has absolutely no relationship with honest, objective, evidence-based economic science? Indeed. If founders and VCs could math, and if the probability estimates had real meaning, you would have to integrate over the probability and profit/loss curves to estimate future value. Using single numbers like this is just story telling. However - if you can spare the time, you can also play Corp Dev at their own game and see if you can get a firm offer. As long as you're careful not to share IP or intelligence, a firm offer will tell you that your startup is worth at least 2-4X as much, could easily be worth 10X as much, and may be worth 100X as much (but probably isn't.) That's useful information, even if you have no intention of selling. I see no problem with stringing Corp Dev types along on that basis. >If the firm was totally worthless then generally no one would be calling anyway. Sadly, not so. Especially in a bubble. Internet history is littered with the wreckage of Big Corps divisions that paid well over the odds for Small Corpses. Corp Dev may be serious, but that doesn't mean they know what you're worth. No one may know what you're worth - not even you. But a Corp Dev offer gives you a market estimate, which is the next best thing. The UK has some of the worst banking in the developed world - not the best. The quick-transfer system is only available for certain transactions. Most payments still take a while, and anything that involves a paper cheque still takes at least a week. As for money laundering and terrorism - it's been proven over and over that it's easier to get a bank account for both than it is to get a bank account as an average Joe. Not a few banks are knowingly involved in illegal transactions of one kind or another. So giving Bitcoin a hard time for the same thing is hypocritical. Banks are certainly going to be killed by a global digital currency sooner or later, but it's going to need some kind of independent OpenMoney initiative. BC is not that initiative, because the creators seemed to believe that starting a digital goldrush was more important than creating a rock-solid and secure peer to peer infrastructure for all transactions. I doubt banks will still be around fifty years from now. In an all-digital economy they're not just parasitic, they're irrelevant. Except that filtering/censorship/monitoring don't have to work at the municipal level. The UK's (big) ISPs are already required to 'offer' Internet filtering to all customers, collect activity logs, and prevent access to certain torrent sites. None of them have had a problem implementing this at a national level. (Setting up a DNS blacklist/redirect isn't hard - you do it in your network/backbone gateways, which aren't anywhere near your subscribers.) The 2015 maker market is tiny compared to the 1985 one. In the the UK the 1985 market was big enough to keep a handful of magazines in comfortable five digit sales, and an area of London - Edgware Road - had a component store ghetto where you could almost any part you wanted. (The tiny selection of components sold by RadioShack at ludicrous prices compared, to the epic lists offered by the ghetto shops, made RS a bit of a bad joke in the UK, even back then.) There was almost no difference between 1985 product tech and 1985 hobby tech. In theory you could build almost any product you could buy out of standard parts, so there was always the incentive - or at least an excuse - that DIY would save you money. (Some people built amazing things to save money.) In 2015, there's no way you can build an iPhone, a laptop, a games console or an MP3 player from scratch with a soldering iron and a bag of parts. (If you look at Elektor, one of the surviving hobby mags, you'll see it's full of complicated, difficult hobby projects by full-time engineers. You need a lot more than a soldering iron and a cheap meter to build them.) Bottom line is that the Arduino/Pi/Beagle/etc microcontroller market is nowhere near the size needed to keep a huge chain like RadioShack profitable. And there's enough competition in consumer electronic sales to make it almost impossible to offer any other USP. Add toxic management to the mix, and I'm amazed the company lasted as long as it did. I won't miss RadioShack. I hope some smaller mom&pop enthusiast stores take over some of the same space - and that they treat customers and staff with much more respect and affection than RS ever did. We don't have a good enough model because the goals of economic theory are political, not explanatory. Economic 'explanations' exist to privilege certain actors through pseudo-rational justifications for personal benefit, not to predict economic reality. If you look objectively at economic models, you'll see that all the mainstream models are uniformly hopeless at predicting the future , and some of the most highly placed analysts have absolutely no insight into future events - not just in defiance of theory, but often in defiance of simple common sense. See e.g. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-30699476 This is characteristic of a pseudoscience, not a real science. The only way to profit from this is to buy government policy and to fix the markets - something the bigger players are well aware of, and have been doing enthusiastically for decades now. C++ repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. "Of course the people don't want war. But after all, it's the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it's always a simple matter to drag the people along whether it's a democracy, a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism, and exposing the country to greater danger." -- Herman Goering at the Nuremberg trial The real problem isn't a hypothetical 'war instinct' in all humans, it's the leaders who take advantage of animal logic for personal gain. (Sometimes very short-lived personal gain. But still.) This is the same guy who said "It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration." and "The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense." and "FORTRAN, 'the infantile disorder', by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is now too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use." Basically he's a mathematician who codes, and who wants code to be math. Unfortunately in the real world code is also politics, business, history, sociology, and psychology. The math part is important, but it's not the whole story. He's often funny, in a dry way, but it's useful to understand that he's actually not very insightful about the psychology of effective programming. He praises mathematical intuition, and he wants to develop it, but he doesn't seem to have considered the possibility that simply throwing Haskell at people, or asking them to work through formal methods, may not be the best way to do that. There's almost no useful research I know of that examines what mathematical intuition is, and even less about whether it's teachable. So Haskell and formal methods may help some people some of the time. But it's not in any way a given that they're the best of all possible teaching methods. He also misses an entire class of UI/UX bugs where the code works exactly as it's designed to, and is provably formally correct, but an application is useless because the UI is incomprehensible and/or misleading and/or actively distracting to the task at hand. Ironically, it's exactly that interface between fuzzy human expectations and implicit modelling tendencies and the rigidity of code that causes the most issues for practical projects. This doesn't just apply to applications - it also applies to languages, operating systems, and development environments, some of which add unnecessary cognitive loads which make programmer mistakes more likely. His solution - formal rigour - only works if you can formulate a problem precisely in the first place. The set of problems where it's possible to do that doesn't come close to covering all the problem spaces touched by computing. Paper is waiting for ereader screens to increase in size and resolution and to grow a facing page. I'm not sure if ereaders will get there in time, because laptops may overtake them. We'll see... Either way ten years from now readers will be all-electronic slabs of foldable plastic, and won't look so much like the limited single page Minimum Viable Product designs that are popular today. The limiting factors for textbook content are commercial, and will probably be bypassed. Academic papers are already moving to open distribution, and I'd expect a GitHub-for-Textbooks with wiki-able content to appear within the next few years. Publishers don't have the time, insight, or interest to enhance textbook content. If enhanced content is open-sourced the work can be spread across an entire population, which makes it much more viable economically. The only catch is how this works financially for authors. About that, I have no idea. The criterion isn't 'enjoyable' - it's 'improving.' There's a strange belief that reading certain books will make your mind better. (For ''better', read 'more middle class' - at least, that's how it works in the UK.) It may even be true: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jan/07/reading... There's an entire series of books by French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu where he pulls apart culture as a symbol of status and social distinction. He's well worth reading on the topic. (But being middle class, I would say that...) A lot of people miss the fact that literature is about teaching moral lessons. If you read books about novel writing, you'll see that some recommend that you start with a premise - which is a moral point you want to make. You can then use the writing to dramatise the premise. This is more persuasive than stating it outright as an opinion, and also gives the book a focus it wouldn't otherwise have. This is a slightly old-fashioned view now, but I think it applies to many old-fashioned classics - maybe not so much to modern fiction, a lot of which is either escapist or nihilistic or horrific for the sake of it. 1984, Brave New World, and F451 all have a strong premise, IMO. I'd like to see more nuance to the argument. What does 'nice' actually mean? It's famous for being a low-entropy word. In fact not everyone agrees that Conway is 'nice', or that everything he does and says is good: http://techcrunch.com/2014/06/09/eruption-over-sf-housing-an... Or even: http://www.sfweekly.com/thesnitch/2014/12/09/ron-conway-twee... So it matters whether or not Conway or anyone is a sociopath, because IMO the only useful definition of 'nice' is an inclusive one. The more inclusive, the better. Being a charming marketer while benefiting yourself, your network, and primarily yourself and your network, doesn't make you nice, it makes you an exemplary professional. There is a difference, and it's not a trivial one. Guided presentation of knowledge. Not access to knowledge. Admittedly a lot of uni teaching is just a data dump. But the data dump at least tells which topics to investigate, and regular reviews tell you when you're not getting it. Without that you may never know why - say - compiler design is important in CS, and not just to compiler writers. SO never quite the original vision right. (A strange thing to say about an incredibly successful site, but...) The problem is that you can't boil down development to very focussed questions with very focussed answers. A lot of answers are experience and opinion - and if someone experienced is giving an opinion that's usually useful in itself, dammit, even if someone else with experience disagrees. 'Is React better than Angular?' may seem pointlessly open, but if you get answers from two camps who both know what they're talking about, it's possible to learn a lot from both. I'm not sure I'd describe GR and the foundations of QM as 'low hanging fruit.' Einstein seems smarter because he was smarter. He didn't transform one small area of physics, he solved a lot of problems that were out at the edges and introduced new ideas that made them tractable. Of course other people helped, and some of those other people might have created GR eventually. But he was the only one to pull it all together. In physics now there are plenty of people with world-class math talent, but no one with Einstein's intuition, insight, and creativity. Which is why I think progress on the really hard problems has become glacial. Those problems always need deep creative insight, and math alone isn't enough. Like that's every going to happen. Online training though - a whole other thing. Imagine math and physics with interactive 3D visualisations. Or for kids, a virtual version of one of those 30-in-1 electronics teaching kits. And so on. If this works it could be a game changer, and it could also create a whole new app industry. I just hope the technology is non-crappy, and it doesn't get managementised into uselessness. 68% of the income tax is not nearly enough, considering that the rich own the vast majority of the wealth, and benefit disproportionately from it. >Other countries manage to education their children well at all sorts of tax levels. I think you'll find that - coincidentally - those countries have much higher tax rates, and the disparity between high and low incomes is smaller than it is in the US. Education is always a good thing, and not just for the obvious reasons. But poor education is as much a symptom of damaged political belief systems as it is a cause. Fixing education will only fix the political pathologies up to a point. I don't think you understand what fitness is. You seem to be confusing it with some imaginary social, financial, and cultural definition of human merit. It doesn't mean that at all. As you say, poor people are often much better breeders than rich people. They're more likely to have kids younger, and those kids in turn are more likely to breed earlier than the middle classes and the aristocracy. This actually makes them fitter in a Darwinian sense - because 'fit' just means 'more likely to breed successfully in a given environment.' It doesn't mean any more than that, and there's certainly no moral implication about 'quality' there. Defining who is and isn't successful is a huge social problem - possibly the biggest problem of all. Naive definitions of success won't cut it in either direction, because in the long term you have to consider species survival, and today's definitions of 'successful' may not be best for avoiding long-term extinction. http://arstechnica.com/science/2014/03/is-the-universe-lopsi... Has everyone already forgotten the LIBOR and FX price fixing scandals? Markets are inherently shady, and there is no such thing as a 'fair price.' If you can fix a market, you will. That goes double if you can fix it even more effectively with a price-fixing cartel - especially a state-sponsored one. (Arguably this is what QE really does, only QE is quasi-legal.) The only protection is good regulation. Markets on their own tend naturally to criminality and/or instability. Karpeles was typical in that he was playing a variation on the usual games. But he wasn't professional enough to play them well. Also, I'm not quite seeing the logic of promoting a currency system that has been proven to be trivially hackable. (Although I suppose if you can get enough people to believe that next time will be different and your exchange will be the exception, there's certainly money to be made.) It's not exactly freedom either. We've replaced a landed aristocracy with a financial aristocracy. Modern aristocrats farm money, in the form of rents paid for access to money. Land ownership is a useful byproduct. It's still a feudal system. In the same way medieval peasants were tied to their lord's demesne, the modern peasant class is chained inside the local capital flow network and dependent on its favours for survival. Education will only get someone so far towards becoming a financial farmer. The irony is that money is a fiction anyway, and socially it's just a proxy for executive power. So when the aristocratic class decided to 'fund' a project they're simply giving it an aristocratic nod - which they only do if they believe there's an acceptable chance they can benefit from it personally. No actual stuff flows from one person to another. There's just a temporary infusion of transferred political power and status. I think it's more likely the design is modular - build your BCD counter out of smaller modules, breaking it down to gates. You can repeat the 3D design of each functional unit. Still awesome though. Especially that central ring, which is just there for the look of the thing. I'd be a little worried there are no decoupling caps anywhere, so it could be a touch glitchy - although at 12V you'd have good natural noise immunity, so I guess that's not a problem in practice. Huge areas of the UK are privately owned by a small coterie of landowners, which happens to include the royal family. Excepting the odd toy village project, those areas will never be built on. And London's so-called property boom is almost entirely a foreign phenomenon, with the world's 1% pushing up prices as part of a speculative bubble. None of this is accidental. The UK could easily lower prices by building affordable social housing. Even in London, housing densities are lower than they are in many cities in Europe. But it's far more profitable to ration property ownership, and to create a new landlord class. As is often the case the underlying problem is political, and caused by concentrations of power that - history suggests - can't be sustained indefinitely. The parable is really about the nature of corporate politics and the art of perception management. I'm not sure how obvious the underlying point is -> programming languages and methodologies are structured by political requirements . Programmer A is writing software. He knows nothing about perception management and status plays. Programmer B is furthering his career and angling for a raise. By accepting 'corporate coding standards' he has proven he knows how to play the game and uses the project to increase his status. The quality of the finished product, in terms of user experience and practical usefulness, isn't nearly as important as the social processes that created it. IMO the interesting question is how much this applies to coding culture and language and OS design as a whole. Across a population this kind of 'bad luck' can have huge economic costs, and is a massive drag on innovation and productivity. It's not just about personal stories. Falcolas might not have been able to borrow $100, and would likely have ended up somewhere very different. And the startup economy would have been down by one potential developer. You might think 'There are others' - and you'd be right. But the effects scale. If enough people don't get a break, opportunities shrink across the landscape. Programming and literacy are fundamentally different. Programming is about building machines. It doesn't have to include modelling, although some of the most useful machines do. (How much modelling was needed for the HN code?) Reading and writing are about sharing experiences, learning from them, making moral judgements about them, and persuading, or being persuading by, fellow humans. Only people who don't understand either believe they're equivalent. At best, programming makes sense if you teach it as a practical add-on to math and strict logic. It has its uses there, although I'm sure that by the time one of today's five year olds is enough to entire the job market, knowing school-level Python and jQuery is going to be as useful as knowing BASIC. Programming teaches you nothing about verbal or written comprehension, allusion, metaphor, political and social history, or relationships of all kinds. Learning to read and write is the only way to start exploring that world. (Video-making and photography give a taste of it, but they're still distanced from it.) Programming - which is carpentry and architecture for binary machines - lives somewhere else entirely. It doesn't matter nearly as much as having a finished (if technically non-optimal) product/service you can sell to customers. The latest hipster crap is more likely to waste your time than something old and established, but even then, choice-of-stack matters much less than 'Can we finish this, and does anyone want to buy it if we do?' The basic open source problem is that developing code for a 'Show HN' slot or improving imaginary GitHub karma is not the same as building a viable business idea around a web and/or mobile service. There is no GitHub for business models. The ultimate karma comes from customers. If by 'efficient' you mean 'most consistently profitable', then no, neither markets nor a 'flexible corporate environment' promote actual efficiency. In that kind of environment - which is not too dissimilar to the one we're in - corporations simply hoard money to no great end, and markets crash unless they're propped up by public subsidies and hand-outs. This distorts the wider economy and makes real efficiency less likely. Of course if by 'efficient' you mean 'providing the greatest possible benefit to the greatest number of people' that would be a very unusual aim in orthodox economics. The paedophiles-in-parliament story that has been simmering away since Jimmy Savile died suggest the UK's children need to be protected from politicians far more urgently than they do from online porn. Most workplaces aren't rife with accusations of systematic child abuse. It's more than a little disturbing that the same can't be said of Westminster or Whitehall. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/child-abuse-i... It's a terrible opamp for precision measurement. (Actually it's a terrible opamp for most things, except maybe student experiments.) I have mixed feelings about AofA. On the one hand it's funny and a good broad introduction to a lot of relevant concepts. On the other it glosses over so much of the math you need to learn to be competent at design that it doesn't teach you nearly as much as it seems to. When I first read it as an electronic engineering undergrad I thought this was a very good thing, especially compared to the standard textbooks that buried you in equations. A few decades later I'm not so convinced. I think a good upgrade would be a series of much bigger books (or Wiki pages?) that keep the breezy hands-on style but also dig fearlessly into the details. Companies can do so much better than governments because governments pay for all the things that companies use - like transport networks, education, healthcare, military cover, and so on. Taxes are so small, relatively, companies get these benefits as a free, or at least as a heavily subsidised, handout. I know someone who worked as an engineer on one of the incarnations of the ISS. I told her I thought a ride in the shuttle would be a fun birthday present. "You'll never get me up in that thing," she said. "I've seen the plans." I also remember New Scientist running a feature with a ball-park statistical risk assessment of the entire program, which estimated that if nothing changed two vehicles would be lost before the program ended. So... tragic. But predicted. And so nearly avoidable. The power curve in the arts is brutal. You're either in a handful of extreme successes, or you're making close to the nothing. And extreme success isn't stable. You can fall from the top into nowhere-land at any time. It's ironic that many engineers believe the arts are a soft career option. Enforcement makes the whole process utterly impractical. The EU's VAT and tax authorities are barely keeping up with work as it is. And the idea that companies with five or six figure turnovers are worth chasing for a few percentage points of extra VAT is nonsensical when there's so much other VAT and tax fraud in the EU. I'm not convinced taxation is the real point. To me this seems more like a ham-fisted attempt to force businesses to keep records for surveillance purposes. I wonder if at some point in the next decade we'll see companies having to make their online sales records visible to the tax authorities for "automated verification", so they can find out who's been buying machetes and bomb chemicals. Following the logic in the article, you'd get the most efficient markets by making all financial transactions public and instantly accessible. Then everyone would have the maximum possible amount of information, which would lead to maximally efficient pricing. For some reason I can't quite put my finger on, I don't expect this to happen any time soon. Which is one reason I remain skeptical that 'efficient pricing' has ever been a genuine goal. For some reason most of the newsies missed this story a few weeks ago - there's now good circumstantial evidence for ancient microbial life on Mars: http://phys.org/news/2015-01-potential-ancient-life-mars-rov... UK light is very different to California light. Colours here really are washed out. A long time ago I was in Australia. My then gf bought a bedspread by an artist called Ken Done - lots of bright primary colours. It looked great in Sydney. In UK light - even in sunlight - most of the colour punch disappeared. It actually looked kind of grey and old. Disappointment... So if supersaturate movie colours, they look surreal here. But California really is teal and orange. The light is warm and intense, and LA gets a lot of clear blue sky. So I wonder if directors like TnO because it's a variation on natural Hollywood light. Valves are very difficult to model. Noob DSP designers think 'even order harmonics!', so they slap a Chebyshev polynomial in the chain and half the time they don't even remember you have to oversample to avoid aliasing. The hardware valve sound is a mix of compression, microphony, and at least two different kinds of distortion - and probably other things no one has figured out yet. Distortion is unexpectedly complicated on its own. A while back I looked into models that use a Volterra series, and the math soon got very scary. Doing it properly could potentially be a machine learning problem. I seriously doubt it's possible to reduce good distortion to a simple one-line equation - even a very long one with lots of coeffs. I like the irony of an econ course asking students to model economic consequences in an exam, but failing to model the economic consequences of pissing off its students so much it makes the national news. Well, no. The fundamental problem is that Germany has been treating the rest of the EU as an expedient export market while refusing to allow equivalent imports, and at the same time aggressively insisting that countries in the EU should somehow magically not need debt... to continue buying from Germany. There's also the minor point that this is yet another excuse to indulge the usual neoliberal hatred of social spending and everything else that improves the condition of ordinary people who work for a living. Germany has a long post-war history of renegotiating or ignoring debt. So crashing the Greek economy by enforcing murderous austerity - literally murderous in its effects, and not hyperbole - is a new peak in self-serving hypocrisy. Your signalling theory misses out the extent to which it seems to be okay to signal disdain for 'intellectual' interests like art and culture. Bottom line for me is that no one has ever had to worry about getting beaten up by a stadium full of Mozart fans, or humiliated in high school by a feral gang of science nerds. Apple still supports Widgets, which are canned JavaScript built to run in a special Dashboard app. (Does anyone still develop Widgets?) But this still misses the point about HyperCard, which was that Hypercard was its own toolchain. To get started with it, you didn't have to: Install a separate editor Learn a separate editor Install a build system Learn how to build a project Learn how to share code Deal with dependencies It's the no-separate-toolchain feature that made HyperCard so accessible, and which was influenced by SmallTalk. Modern programming is a nightmare in comparison - including modern app programming. Just because Apple uses Objective-C doesn't mean it's approaching app development in a SmallTalk-like way. Getting an app out of Xcode and into the store is a horror story of provisioning profiles, debug vs production builds, sandboxes, entitlements, and so on. Obviously people manage to fight through this, but it's a long way from being friendly and accessible. IMO only VBA gets close to being a successful no-separate-toolchain environment - which is one of the main reasons VBA became so popular. (You could argue Python is, but I don't think it's equivalent, because unlike VBA and HyperCard the first thing the user sees is the editor, and not a product that's obviously and immediately useful, but also happens to include a code editor.) I'm not aware of any situation where a debt has been struck out because of this law. Debts are usually struck out because of errors in contracts, statutory procedures, and other paperwork. But courts usually seem to assume that a simple credit check counts as due diligence, and it's the borrower's responsibility to repay debt even if it's offered on an unrealistic basis - e.g. a credit card with a limit equal to a year's income, and an exploding interest rate of 50% or more if a borrower misses a payment or two. Which is not unrealistic, btw. I know of one credit card company offering rates up to 99.9% compound to individuals with poor credit ratings. Obviously they know most borrowers will default - and that seems to be the basis of their business model. Paying off your mortgage is a significant drain on resources when house prices have been driven through the roof by speculation and inflation. (See also the Bay Area.) Disposable income drives the economy. If people are cutting instead of spending everyone loses - except property loan lenders. Affordable housing frees up money for new businesses. Second to education, it's one of the strongest prosperity generators. WiFi on the Pi 'just doesn't work.' You can get it working for a while, but it's nowhere near the reliability of standard domestic WiFi. I've built various sensor/hardware projects and tried various dongles, and I've always had to switch back to a cabled connection. I don't think Win 10 is about teaching kids to code. But then I don't think the Pi is really about teaching kids to code either. The Pi Foundation has done a good job of persuading everyone otherwise, but I'm left with a nagging suspicion that a computer designed for kids from the ground up would look very different. It's just too damn complicated for most kids. The nerds get it, but expecting the average ten year old to learn Linux shell scripting or the fine points of Apache installation seems unrealistic to me. Win 10 on the Pi is about two things. The first is about edging Linux out of the education market. Teachers will indeed prefer Win 10 to Linux, for reasons that others have mentioned - especially if it comes with a basic dev toolchain. Even if that toolchain is very easy to use. The second is - I guess - selling Office 365 subscriptions on super-cheap hardware, and creating a whole new sub-PC market for Windows and Office. If I'm right, it's a clever move. It will give Windows and Office access to many new markets worldwide. Where MS hardware failed on price, the Pi version wins on price. It could be a very strong combination. I was thinking a while back that an obvious AI application would be to replace the entire management structure of a corporation. All of it. All the way up to the C-Suite. This would naturally improve efficiency, and in not a few cases it would probably apply a significant multiplier to overall profitability. That doesn't mean it would be a good idea politically or socially - although depending on the value system and long-term strategic insight of the AI, it might be an improvement there too. You could even have an automated YC, where a model of Paul Graham selects between different business models produced by a selection of AI agents. This could just be a joke, but to be honest I'm not completely sure it's not a serious prediction. A gradient fill with hot pink is always a good fit for business analysis. This has nothing to do with minimum wage, and everything to do with running an unsuccessful business in the first place. If you're clearing $3k in profit a year you have a very expensive hobby, not a viable business. We can all be sad that a bookshop is closing, but the real culprit was a lack of sales and marketing savvy, and a lack of customer interest in the product/experience being offered. Minimum wage may have thrown a few rocks onto the coffin, but it certainly didn't dig the grave. There a lot of new booksellers making a living on Amazon. Some of them trade internationally. (I buy a steady stream of specialist titles from US sellers.) If I wanted to buy from Borderlands, not only would I be paying far too much for every book in their list, I'd also be charged $25 for shipping. Somehow everyone else in the world can ship me a book for less than half that. But Borderlands hasn't figured out how to. That's where the fail is. Not in hand-wringing about having to pay staff an amount that still isn't close to a fair wage. The real problem is that there are huge incentives for company leadership to maximise their own earnings, even if - or especially if - it destroys the company. Beyond a certain social level failure no longer counts against you. But income certainly counts for you. So there's a small but unrealistically influential group who can hop from consultancy to executive job to consultancy. They're never held to account in the same way that employees of lower social status are. Shareholders have no incentive to support a company either. They can sell up at the first sniff of a difficult quarter and look for higher returns elsewhere. >Long-term growth is secondary to this goal. Not always, but CEOs need to inspire investors with confidence and charisma to keep them from selling up. Sometimes this works, but it's rarely related to the actual commercial value of a strategy. Basically it's all about perceived status and social signalling, not about objective ability. That disconnect is the big failure. It means the wrong things get rewarded for the wrong reasons, collective and strategic intelligence happens by exception, not by design, and the economy as a whole suffers badly. >The black box is only great so long as it actually works, and when it breaks you are completely screwed. To most users Linux is just as much of a black box as Windows is. Even among Linux fans, the number of people who actually need to customize the kernel is tiny. The number of people who can customize the kernel is even smaller. So where's the freedom? At the OS level, all that's happened is that the lockdown has moved from corporations to a subset of the developer community. Most end users aren't any more empowered than they used to be. Now - it's different in the web and language spaces, where there's a steady simmer of framework development, and many popular web projects/products wouldn't have been possible without framework sharing. But there's still plenty of proprietary content there. Just try to get Google or Facebook to share their data collections with you and see how politically relevant open source 'freedom' is then. If that seems like a tangent, it's missing the point that the value of a system doesn't come from the source code - it comes from the system as a whole, and includes usability, community reach, innovation, invention, and data. Open source pretends to be a huge lever for freedom, but it's more like a battered fork caught in an avalanche. In computing, the world-changing leverage is elsewhere, and always has been. I'm not so sure about TPB. 4chan, however... It's not true though. The Newtonian model is wrong in some very important ways. Not just 'not quite right' but 'fundamentally in error.' The fact that gives good-enough answers for a whole class of problems is misleading. So did the old theory of planetary epicycles. Relativity and Quantum Field Theory use different models which give accurate predictions for a much wider class of problems. But the models make the difference. The math comes afterwards. It's true if you make some simplifying assumptions in the equations they reduce to Newtonian mechanics. (Well - relatively does. QFT is weirder. Part of it reduces to plain vanilla Maxwell, but it also includes forces and interactions Maxwell never had to worry about.) That doesn't mean the Newtonian model is just as good. It means it's been demoted to a simpler toy model you can use for certain problem - as long as you understand it's just a toy. Science is really about model making, not math or approximation. The math just gives you ways to use a conceptual model for practical predictions. The concepts behind the model always come first. And the concepts underlying GR and QFT are much richer and more explanatory than the concepts underlying Newtonian mechanics. Sooner or later there's going to be another update, and relativity and QFT will be demoted in turn. But they'll be demoted by another conceptual revolution expressed in math, not by more math based on the same concepts. >Money laundering? Drug trafficking? Hiring hit men? Best left to the professionals: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/apr/03/us-bank-mexico-... That would mean moving from a Status Economy to a Productive Economy. Without intelligent oversight, all economies - capitalist, communist, socialist, democratic, fascist, you name it - tend towards status production and social differentiation as a primary product. Sometimes useful stuff falls out in the way of invention and innovation, but more often it doesn't. Even when it looks useful it's likely to be driven by fetishised status display as a primary goal, and not by high-velocity deep innovation. Status economies are fundamentally wasteful and non-productive in any practical sense, because most resources are hoarded by a tiny minority of high-status individuals. You only get real growth when resources - including innovation and intelligence - are dispersed and farmed strategically. This has happened occasionally in the past, and I'd like to think it could happen again. But it's not happening now, and any path from the current system to a productive one is going to be difficult and messy. In a status economy, basic needs are rationed to maintain and expand status differentials. So public infrastructure takes a beating, because 'the public' - by definition - are not high status, and must always be denied easy access to quality resources. If you're arguing from the example of successful companies, the argument is circular. It ignores the technology companies that didn't become monopolies even though they shipped better products. It also ignores the companies that became monopolies with inferior technology - not least, IBM with the original PC, which was a dated and inefficient design even when it was introduced, but succeeded because of marketing and a ready-made sales force. Likewise, arguably, for MS DOS and Windows. Windows 3.1 was about seven years behind the leading edge of personal computing when it shipped. Home users had been buying computers with full multitasking and (relatively, for the time) excellent graphics and sound from around 1988. Win 3.1 was a big step back from that. It succeeded because it was a PC product, and it could be sold to millions of technically uneducated PC buyers. Mediocre product in absolute terms. But a huge market surface. Even Google search could be improved. It's good enough, but it's not the last word in what's possible in search. (I don't remember it being a whole lot better than AltaVista. It wasn't worse either, so there was no big reason to swap back.) You don't make a monopoly with bleeding edge tech. You make it by finding or carving a niche with a huge potential customer base, and having significantly more effective marketing. The product itself can be mediocre. It's perception that matters. Which is why I don't think Tesla will ever be a monopoly. The niche is too small - much smaller than the rest of the car market - and the big players have marketing experience and a dealer network that Tesla doesn't. And Google will carry on dominating search until 'search' becomes a legacy product and leaves an opening for a smart startup. And Internet. They're not really selling technology. They're selling consumer narcissism and status display. This kind of thing is extreme, but it's no different to any other positional good. And it is full of crooks. I know someone who made a fortune from 'special' cables. Did they know they were scamming people? Of course they did. The total loss in tax revenue over the Great Recession period is measured in trillions. http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-nkdzCkw8Rr0/U-qiPe1Tf-I/AAAAAAAARS... I'd suggest that's a much more direct and obvious economic impact than some maybe-perhaps about driving investment overseas. (How, exactly? Do you think money would suddenly stampede out of the US if regulators developed a spine and jailed the delinquent operators who caused the crash?) Anywway - clearly the decision was political. It was made for the benefit of the banker caste, and not for the general population. The underlying problem is unearned privilege. There's no rational reason for these bonuses. But bankers pay themselves these sums because they know they can, irrespective of the incredible damage they cause to the rest of the economy. In fact Krugman, with his vile Keynesian bias, has been one of the few economists to make the correct calls in the Euro-debacle. His record on other topics is significantly better than that of most 'economic experts.' And he has at least one more econo-Nobel than (I'm guessing) you do. He's been saying for a long time now that austerity is self-defeating. And he is, by any sane evidence-based standard, utterly right. So your ad hominems are entirely off-point. Meanwhile the neo-liberal school has made any number of claims that are often repeated even after they've been falsified by fact. Laffer Curve? Boom. Dead. Utter rubbish. Totally falsified. http://www.brookings.edu/~/media/Projects/BPEA/Fall%201999/1... Trickle down? Self-serving nonsense. No evidence for it at all. http://www.businessinsider.com/study-tax-cuts-dont-lead-to-g... Don't tax corporations so they can create jobs? Boom. Dead. Corporations mostly just give the money to executives and hoard the rest. See above, among others. Don't allow governments to spend tax money on infrastructure, innovation, and public education? Excellent! You've strangled the research that led to the beginnings of the Internet, and one or two other important projects too. And so on. The truth here is that facts are not on your side. Name-calling is a poor substitute for being evidence-based, intelligent, and scientifically informed. Linux has always been the equivalent of a discussion forum with opinions expressed in code. Everyone has an opinion about Technology X/Y/Z, often strongly held. But you can't make a usable desktop OS out of opinions. You need a big-picture long-term strategy. There doesn't seem to be a lot of that in most of distro world. Server Linux has done better because the problem space is (kind of...) smaller and better defined, so strategies and innovations have appeared, and there are clear goals to work towards. Consumer Linux is like a military campaign advancing in all directions. Everyone is working on something, but - beyond development for development's sake - it's not at all obvious why. Here's a graph of the change: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fvsTRmORSVI/T5qPyXygwNI/AAAAAAAAEU... It's not hard to find the facts and the context here, so your comment makes no sense whatsoever. The usual play is to stage a convenient military coup to 'bring back order and security', with leaders who then loot the country. No invasion necessary. I have huge respect for Varoufakis, but I hope he realises he is dealing with very dangerous thugs in very expensive suits, and not reasonable people. Supply and demand is always political. Prof Robinson has to 'accept' the university's offer because the alternative is starvation and homelessness. The university believes - wrongly, as it happens - that people like Prof Robinson are easy to replace. So it sees no need to treat him any better. If he tries to argue for a fair rate, he's arguing as someone from an inferior position of power and status with 'rational actors' who don't understand the consequences of their actions. In this case the consequences are poor teaching, and - in the medium term - the replacement of an overly greedy university system with something that offers better value for students. I'm sure the admins are patting themselves on the back for putting Prof Robinson in his place. They won't be so happy when everyone - including the student body - has moved elsewhere. >Are bright young people being indoctrinated with a sense of personal sacrifice for the cause of 'higher learning', not unlike a cult? No, bright people are being indoctrinated in business and econ classes with the idea that you should make a fast buck however you can. Social transactions can only be valued financially. Nothing else matters. Those are the real cult victims. As is Prof Robinson, who is one of many talented individual dealing with the consequences of that particular brand of kookiness. This is not rhetoric. These toxic attitudes exist because they've been heavily promoted. They didn't just happen. Capital goes on: People Machinery and infrastructure (which may or may not include office space) Sales and marketing It would be very interesting to see if there's a difference in the way successful and failed startups prioritise these different areas. I suspect for tech people dev spend is overrated and marketing spend is underrated - but that's just a hunch with no numbers to support it. I have 16GB and regularly have >100 tabs open in Chrome. It works, kind of, as long as I don't try to run anything else at the same time. The article persuaded me that Firefox may be worth a try again. As for testing - you'd think testing on a range of hardware would be standard. Testing exclusively on top spec machines is just unprofessional. I agree. A good heuristic for interesting music: create an expectation model, and exceed it with an unexpected but inventive twist that's consistent with the surrounding grammar but adds unexpected entropy. Building representational models of that process is hard. So most people don't bother - they mush stuff up at random and keep the bits they like. Like this. Unfortunately this music prof is ignoring 60-odd years of computer music history and reinventing the glitch-with-Max thing that was big 10-15 years ago. Autechre, Amon Tobin, and many many others have been making music like this for a while now. The sound/sample world is different, but the techniques are very similar. If I wanted someone to design me a cheap disk controller - possibly not. But in an account of a burglary - yes I would. It seems you've accepted that justice favors those with high status over those with low status. Perhaps you don't find that troubling. I do. Do you have a link to your ebook? >there ARE very, very often incredibly deep and specific lessons to learn about the inner workings of particular musical forms. That's always the problem. You can mechanize a style if you work hard at it, are skeptical about what you're doing so you're never satisfied with nearly-almost, and don't mind being ignored because no one ever listens to this stuff anyway. ;) But it's impossible to create an original computer-generated musical language with non-trivial appeal without having a good model of human musical perception and emotional response. Most music theory gives you a musical alphabet, and once you have one you can work out how other alphabets work. But that's a long way from working out how to mechanize the invention of an original but expressive musical languages. I think it's a fascinating problem. My guess is it's going to stay a fascinating problem for a long time. MP3 is audibly lossy, especially at lower sample rates. So yes - you can hear it's gone. And if you look at a spectrograph, you can see it's gone, too. I think it's the wrong kind of risk - it's Apple explicitly trying to operate as an upmarket fashion brand, as opposed to Apple suggesting a fashion brand while appearing to operate as a technology company. Watch is like to trying to sell a gold-plated Mac Pro. Suddenly the gold becomes more important than the computing. All previous Jobs products majored in being useful. If you put an iPod inside a cardboard case with clunky switches instead of a click wheel, you'd still have a very practical music player. The clever design enhances usefulness that's already there. Same with the iPhone. It was the first phone to pull together the phone, map, browser, email, calendar, and other features with maximum user benefit. You could make a case for competing products doing one or two items on the list better, but not for any competitor making everything work together so well as a package. Usefulness again. The point of Watch Edition seems to be conspicuous display of expense, with useful computing thrown in as a free extra. That's a completely different product direction. If Watch has limited basic usability - if the battery life is too short, if it doesn't do something insanely wonderful and useful out of the box - I think success is not guaranteed. Metasynth has been doing this stuff for a lot longer. http://www.uisoftware.com/MetaSynth/index.php I saw/heard a demo of a Yamaha active concert hall system back in the late 80s, so the Meyer system isn't unique - although I'm not sure if Yamaha ever worked out how to commercialise it outside Japan, or inside restaurants instead of concert halls. I find it interesting that your graph leaves out any mention of innovation or invention. It also ignores corporate cultures. Backend engineering for a web startup is very different to backend engineering for a Wall St HFT house. I wouldn't expect someone who worked in one to be expert in the other. Even within the web startup world, fullstack with MEAN is very different to fullstack with PHP/Apache/MySQL - not just technically, but culturally. So I think what you have is one of those toy models that management love so much. I'd like to see some hard big-sample-size evidence that it really does improve hiring outcomes in practice. People aren't just ill-informed - they live under a perpetual onslaught of advertising. Try taking away the advertising if you want to give people a free choice. Or balance it with an equivalent level of glossy but fact-based media persuasion about the true effects of HFCS, smoking, etc. Sadly, yes. There's no evidence that Apple has any interest in improving the App Store experience for devs or for customers. In fact, I'm not convinced that Apple knows how to improve the experience. No one in Cupertino seems to be acting as dev or consumer champion, and upper management are apparently too removed to understand what's needed. Apple has made many changes to iTunes Connect already. Xcode, OS X, iOS, and iTunes have been getting regular updates for years now. Apple took the time to design a whole new language for app development, a whole new framework for game development, and another new framework for low-level graphics. So any suggestion that the company doesn't have the time or resources to do a better job on the frontend doesn't square with reality. Indeed. It's only possible to claim that European Social Democracy is some kind of ordeal for most of the population, compared to US Capitalism if you ignore all the facts. E.g. Even in the tooth-and-claw UK, I remain thankful for the fact that I can run a business without having to worry about being financially raped by healthcare providers. The reality is that socialist-lite state funding of essential services and infrastructure gives populations a lot of freedoms that simply aren't available in a corporatocracy, and is also more stable socially, politically and economically. Dogmatic assertions that wilfully disregard the mountains of evidence to the contrary don't have much to offer in this kind of argument. Text evolved from shapes chiselled into rock or pressed into wet clay, so the roots of typography are as tactile and 3D as it's possible to be. Even ink on a scroll has a 3D feel. The 'paper' - whatever it's made of - has texture, and the way the ink sinks into it has depth and texture too. Likewise with traditional printing. The sequence of pages creates a 3D object, and old-fashioned heavy letter press books have texture and depth you won't get on a screen. Modern minimalism only became fashionable a century or so ago, which was - coincidentally - around the time artists started experimenting with extreme abstraction. Minimalism has one big problem - it lacks scale-independence. A hand-printed book has visual detail across a range of physical dimensions. You can see the cover across a room, but if you look at the print with a magnifying glass, you'll see detail at that scale too. Minimalist digital typography has detail at exactly one dimension - the size of the content. Zoom out, and you can't see the content. Zoom in, and you see pixels. It's a difference of metaphorical and literal depth. Ignoring scale-dependence robs content of weight. So minimalism is literally shallow. It's aesthetic lossy compression - abstraction into illegibility, for the sake of abstraction. You can get away with that in art if you have something interesting to say. But it's really not the best of all possible solutions for UI/UX. I think a surprising number of people simply can't math. This seems incredible if you're one of the people who can math. But really, I've known otherwise bright people whose brains fall apart at the first hint of abstraction. Basic arithmetic is fine, but you can forget about trying to teach them anything more complicated. Simple equations? Trig? Basic stats? They just can't do them, no matter how many times you repeat the explanations, or how many different ways you try to present them. So I think it's not unlikely that an aptitude for math and symbolic abstraction is unusual, and not something you're going to find in most of the population. Remember, by the time you get to a university you're in the top 20% of the population anyway. (More like 10% for STEM.) So it's maybe not so realistic to assume that's how most people are. They Live is a Carpenter movie in which aliens in invisible pizza masks - you can see them if you have special magic shades - live among us and control us. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wp_K8prLfso And of course there's The Thing, which does an excellent job of explaining why you should you never allow important data to be mutable. Which explains why politics - which by definition is full of people who have enough status to set national policy - is full of engineers, while the lawyers are left discussing the finer technical points of voir dire on Lawyer News. Your primary failure was confusing personal popularity with social popularity with status/agency/influence. You're - mostly - continuing to make the same mistake. Of course status is defined by caste power and social agency. What else would it be defined by? Facebook likes? The fact that no one much likes lawyers is irrelevant. So is the fact that lawyers individually may fail to make a living from lawyering, or even that a few outliers have a social conscience. Let me know when an engineer becomes president of the US and we can talk about the other details. >not because the top echelons of law are disproportionately well compensated, or because those people make decades-long careers out of making connections with businesses and power brokers This confuses cause and effect. The point of becoming a certain kind of lawyer is exactly because it's the best way to gain status and self-serving influence through that kind of activity. Writing a compiler will never get you that kind of status, no matter what gender you are. Nor will making a cool app. Becoming a billionaire might. But tech billionaires tend to become billionaires because they act in aggressively self-serving ways in business and/or are well-connected, not because they're rewarded purely for being brilliant engineers. Engineering brilliance on its own will get you GitHub stars and conferences and maybe a job or two. But no more than that. Still don't believe me? Ask a few thousand people outside tech who their favourite engineer is. That's how high-status engineering is. Don't worry. Twenty five years from now some AI will code up a HN emulator and make it look like a old-fashioned flat panel monitor floating in a small window in 3D space, instead of taking up the entire visual field like a proper computing device. Exploring a meta-rule space isn't hard. Exploring a meta-rule space and finding rule sets that create results that humans find interesting is much harder. If you skip that you tend to create systems that seem too random, or too repetitive and obvious. This is why most algorithmic art is so uninteresting. It falls on one side or the other of the randomness/repetition valley, without hitting that sweet spot that the best human creativity finds. That's not even thinking about emotional associations, intellectual abstractions, social awareness, and models-of-mind. You might need all of them to make a genius-level creative AI, but I'd guess that the more you have, the more likely you are to get something worth keeping. You're old fashioned. I used to write book reviews, and for a couple of years I literally got boxes of books from publishers every week. After a while it got insane. The local charity shops and libraries hated me on sight. Schools wouldn't touch the leftovers. I still have no idea why. I kept a few thousand for the house, and the rest ended up in the wood burner. Ebooks would have been much more practical. The flip side of paper is the way that entire forests are laid waste. A print run of a million - not unusual for a best seller - will clear cut a huge area. Then the pulp has to be bleached, which is a nasty process. Eventually most of that paper simply gets thrown away. The whole process is incredibly, stupidly wasteful. Why did this need to be Hollywoodised? It's plenty scary - and more emotional, IMO - showing ordinary people doing terrifying things, even if they're tethered. Because: 1. You'll usually close-mike the sound, so you don't get any room acoustics. If you're live, you have to close-mike the sound to avoid feedback. 2. If the violin has a bridge transducer, the sound will tend to the edgy and harsh. You won't get the full resonance of the body. 3. Pickup mikes on the body have similar problems. 4. Unless you have high-end neutral studio-grade speakers (~$50k), they'll add an EQ curve of their own. Most speakers are designed to sound a little bright, so that adds extra harshness. A very expensive mike setup with very expensive speakers will sound very much like a live violin if the mikes are placed correctly. Anything other than that won't, with varying degrees of tonal distortion. There's also a psychoacoustic effect: you never listen to live sound the same way you listen to recorded sound. If you record a conversation and listen back to it you'll hear all kinds of details and distractions. When sound is coming live from a physical source you can see, your brain filters out a lot of sonic detail so it can distill the important content. Of course there isn't. Capitalism guarantees no such system is allowed to exist. But capitalism is based on jam today and famine tomorrow. This works just fine for people - as long as they're not thinking straight. Intelligent resource allocation understands that famine ten years from now is a bad thing and should be avoided, even if it means lower short-term profits. Any system that thinks ahead like that would be much more innovative than capitalism, because it would be able to make long term plans and invest in long term projects with pay-off times measured in decades or even centuries - something capitalism is manifestly unable to do. It would also be better at avoiding the usual capitalist kooky idiocies like poisoned water tables, avoidable drought, accidental anti-terraforming, and the rest. It's not dumb luck. MS made a fortune from marketing and business politics, not from cool technology. MS was never primarily a tech company, it was a sales-and-marketing-and-M&A company that happened to sell tech products. So the 'Does this company have a future based on this product?' question is misleading. The important question is - how are they marketing the product? What relationships do they have? What relationships are they building? What's the sales and marketing culture like? MS are poster children for this. Time and again they've marketed the crap out of technically mediocre products with - mostly - great success. AirBnb weren't exactly light on the marketing either. (Etc.) I'd question whether 'everyone knows' how to do smartphones, or social networking, or any number of other innovations. The winners in these fields prove the opposite - hardly anyone knows how to do these things well enough to keep growing a customer base. I still find an inexplicable number of startups apparently unaware of the critical importance of market-building and networking. A poor product marketed well will always outcompete a better product marketed badly - or not at all - as long as it has acceptably basic functionality and isn't completely unfit for purpose. There are so many examples of this in tech it's baffling that it doesn't seem to be considered more often. And I think the article is just plain wrong about innovation, because in fact there's a constant stream of possible new innovations. The stream comes in waves, but anyone who isn't thinking about what's going to be possible soon isn't paying attention. 'If it was possible someone else would have done it by now' is a Dilbert argument, not one based on evidence. What doesn't exist is a constant stream of opportunities with instant Apple/Google/FB/MS earning potential. But these corps got big in many steps, which included choices about products and services, marketing and ecosystem building, customer lock-in, brand management, investor relations, management culture, and worker culture. They didn't just make a thing and instantly kill the rest of the market because it was just that awesome. A male heir and a pile of cash: the Dissolution of the Monasteries gave Henry an excuse to fill his coffers and pay off some debts. It was a literal land grab. I doubt he was thinking strategically much beyond immediate gain. He was a competent diplomat, in the terms of the day, but doesn't seem to have been gifted with imperial prescience. I have no idea if I would have dismissed the product. In retrospect, MS BASIC had a 4K footprint which also included floating point. That certainly made it stand out from the competition. But I wonder if an investor might have noted that Gates had an interest in aggressive market-building and income generation, as suggested in the scrappy and public fight with the tape sharers and the eventual battle between MITS and MS over royalties. I wasn't paying attention at the time, but looking for similar patterns today - in, say, Uber - suggest that there's a clear interest in aggressive and cut-throat behaviour, which probably bodes well for future investment returns. (If that's your main interest in a tech company - it's not mine). I certainly don't think MS were crap at everything. But there's also no denying that the user experience with many MS products was - and still is - shockingly bad. Office and XP were good-enough, with a few nice tweaks. But you have to balance that against a long string of horrors (insecure VB macros, IE6, the ribbon, Win 8 tiles, Win 95 series bugs, and on and on.) So historically, the focus has always been on sales and using legal and corporate lock-in to sell poor-to-good software. It clearly hasn't been on creating state-of-the-art super-products and assuming that quality will sell itself. So I think the point stands - look at business culture and management attitude to market building as a primary predictor. Product quality is not a predictor, as long as it's good enough. Being slightly better than average doesn't hurt, but there's no commercial need to be a technical marvel. As a photographer I'm seeing the middle version as if it's lit with daylight blue, the yellow version as if it's overexposed with indoor tungsten, and the blue version as a cold underexposed flash shot. What people see depends on monitor quality. Most monitors are nowhere close to neutral, and cheaper monitors still aren't neutral even after calibration. But on top of that, colour perception is notoriously individual. Men and women have different colour perception, and many men are somewhat red/green colour blind. FWIW, personally I have trouble seeing this as a white/gold dress. As someone pointed out, the implied semicolon isn't the problem. The problem is that the code is written in a way that makes it vulnerable to an implied semicolon. The core syntax of JavaScript won't be changing any time soon, so it's important to teach beginners how to write code that minimises mistakes like these. I haven't seen many books and tutorials attempt this. So it's unfair to blame beginners when there's so little encouragement to learn a strong defensive coding style. jshint is nice for basic sanity checks, but it can't deal with bigger structural or stylistic mistakes. You can only fix those by learning from strong examples of good, clean code. I think this applies to all languages. Being able to solve a problem and write a solution in code symbols isn't enough. I wonder if it would help everyone if there was a store of established best practices with examples for every language. It's the IE of blog platforms. WP causes endless security problems for hosting companies. Even when it's locked down it's (often) still wide open, and most users don't know how to lock it down. But it's never going to die, because ecosystem. Static alternatives are never going to take over, because they don't have gargantuan theme factories supporting them. And most users like pretty. So I guess we're stuck with it for a while yet. Actually that's what I said . I wasn't blaming the coder or the language. I was saying that it would help everyone if there was top quality online help explaining how to code around language deficiencies - the kind of deficiencies that everyone has to deal with it, because no language is perfect, and most languages are quite a lot less than perfect in at least some respects. Be realistic. js isn't suddenly going to be rewritten with a proper semicolon patch. It's too established, and it would break too much code. So complaining about it is a waste of everyone's time. It's like complaining about the fact that sometimes it gets cold in the winter. It's more productive to do something practical about producing quality code that minimise possible problems, surely? It's almost impossible to say anything definitive about line width on web pages because the experience depends so much on viewport aspect ratio, device rotation, and surrounding content. The x-words-per-line standard derives from print, which has different traditions. Calling them rules is probably unwise. (See e.g. small column widths in newspaper and magazine layouts, vs paperback novel layouts, vs etc.) Blog pages seem to have standardised on a single central column between a half and two thirds of the viewport width. Text sizing covers a huge range from ~12pt up to 16pt or even 18pt. Modern product pages seem to have standardised on a selection of standard Bootstrap layouts, but with a lot of holdouts - e.g. Amazon - who do their own thing. I'm not aware of any hard evidence about comprehension/retention metrics for these layouts. But they're very popular, and visitors don't seem to hate them. There's actually more evidence for unexpected conversion rate increases from apparently insignificant changes to button positioning, icon colours, and such. Much as I love beautiful typography, I think it's only a deal-breaker when it goes horribly wrong. For many sites, other design elements are likely more important. In SO's case, clearly the mod culture is not improving the quality or the reputation of the site. But I think it's mostly the hacker content that has this issue. The format seems to work better in other contexts. As someone said about academia - maybe the battles are so ferocious because the stakes are so low. This was tried. It was called APL. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APL_%28programming_language%29 It was very, very clever. It was so clever hardly anyone understood it, and it's (mostly) forgotten. Having said that - I kind of agree. It seems like most languages are attempts to: 1. Create a human-readable text-based representation of symbolic logic. 2. Chunk the symbolic logic in (hopefully) useful ways. 3. Cross-correlate symbolic levels, so at one extreme you have actual bytes in physical memory, at the other you have arbitrarily complex symbolic data structures. 4. Build simple error checking into the language so it's impossible to write obvious nonsense. (This includes, but isn't limited to, all type systems.) 5. Constrain the operations that are possible for similar reasons. ('State' etc.) This is all more or less taken for granted. I'm not sure it should be. Basically it's a bottom-up approach to language design - reduce operations to binary algebra, add constraints. But top-down languages like Prolog and (kind of...) Erlang try to do interesting, powerful, things, and have at least a few features that Just Work. So I think the top-down approach is underexplored. There's a sweet spot between top-down simplicity, expressiveness with minimal cognitive load, and processing efficiency. It's unlikely current syntax conventions are close to it. I think most people know that languages are different points on various trade-off scales, so there will never be one single best language. But more variety might not be a bad thing. He's wrong about music too. A postmodern composer would certainly not ignore traditional harmony. Even if you know nothing about art, you only have to look at Wikipedia to find out more about postmodern art and how it differs from modernism. That 'It's all equally meaningless, so here's some cultural irony' shtick gets wearing after a while. It had its day in the late 80s and early 90s. Only academia is keeping it alive now. You pretty much have to be able to quote Derrida, Lacan, and Foucault to get a humanities professorship - which is, not nearly ironically enough, not a good thing, IMO. (See also: Postmodern Critical Theory.) But I think rest of world, including rest of art world, has moved on already. That's really an argument for teaching critical thinking, verbal reasoning, social presentation, and rhetoric, all of which are more useful in the real world than $programming_language, formal logic, or analytical modelling. The humanities have been hacking human minds for millennia. They've become so good at it it's possible to hack the beliefs of entire populations so subtly those populations don't notice they're being... modified. This might be more of an issue than knowing what xor does, or how to search a binary tree. >people, in general, are just not good at logic. No, people aren't. That's because people's brains are story machines, selected by evolution to work on quick-and-plausible heuristic arguments based on narrative relationships, and not on deep research and formal abstraction. I wouldn't be surprised if across the population as a whole, only some percentage - less than half, more than a third, maybe - is capable of non-trivial formal logic at all. Most people seem far more swayed and interested in by simple stories with an emotional punchline. The idea that you even can do formal modelling of the future is personally unfamiliar to them. Lock-in. If you go Android you lose all your apps and stored data. Apple are in the business of providing services that happen to use Apple hardware. They also generate some of the world's best marketing and industrial design, and understand that a brand is not a technical spec. Samsung and Team Android have never understood this in the same way. So you have to compare like for like. A GoPro is a closed unit. It has no ecosystem to speak of. An iPhone is a gateway to the Apple ecosystem. It's really a service and marketing experience, some parts of which you can hold in your hand. Now, you can debate if the Apple experience is as good as it claims to be. (I don't believe it is.) But still - IMO that's why Apple has a planet-sized market cap, and Team Android are perpetually playing catch up. Too much. Far, far, too much. :) I prefer Bourdieu, who seems to be tragically underrated in academia. This is truly outstanding. I'd love to see an entire series done like this. Maybe you could Kickstarter this, and use it as a template for a series of DSP/Electronics/Physics titles? We have no defences against a hypothetical god-AI. Absolutely none. But I don't think a hypothetical god-AI is likely any time soon. And a hypothetical god-AI is just as likely to be indifferent as hostile. What worries me more in the short term is cyber war. Cyber defences that might protect against a hypothetical non-god AI look a lot like cyber defences that might protect against conventional human threats. Currently those defences are ridiculously weak. So I think rather than hyperventilating about science fiction threats from the distant future it would be more useful to start securing the entire Internet as a matter of urgency - especially all the infrastructure systems that are either connected to it already, or will be connected to it soon. I think the whole debate is confused and irrational. Most software has purpose. E.g. nmap has a purpose, and can be dangerous in the wrong hands. Imagine taking nmap up a notch or two, and creating an automated source code parser that looks for code patterns that correlate with previous security vulns. You now have a dangerous tool made out of some fairly basic machine learning (or even just regex - it probably doesn't need to be very clever). It's nowhere close to being conscious. It's certainly not going to pass the Turing test. Is it an AI? No. But it doesn't need to be. So I think the debate is missing some very obvious threats and possible Red Queen races that are likely now , and don't require any game-changing developments. There's already an ecosystem of viruses, a culture of script-kiddies and black hats, and the NSA to worry about. Consciousness is really not the issue. There's plenty of problematic consciousness around already. The fact that it's human doesn't make it safer to live with. I have doubts about the Einstein quote. Atoms had been split at will for decades by then. Szilard hadn't yet proposed a theory of nuclear chain reactions, but according to some cites of the quote Einstein didn't say it until 1934 - which was after Szilard. I don't have a problem with the possibility that suprahuman intelligence may be possible. I do have a problem with the fact that currently we have no idea what the concept may even mean - and right now, more immediate cybersecurity issues are being neglected. Computers are already better than humans at many activities. From playing chess to landing planes to learning how to play a video game - a computer with the right software is much better at these than an average human, and is often at least good as the best humans. Take that to the black corner, and worms and botnets are already a serious problem. We don't need to wait for the Internet to become sentient and start talking to us in a deep echoey robot voice to worry about cyberthreats. There's more than enough to deal with already. And if you're going to try to regulate and contain a future AI, making current systems as secure as possible seems like a realistic place to start. I don't see any reason to believe the YC side were playing n-dimensional startup chess here. Occam's razor suggests they simply didn't read the info, and were asking dumb shoot-from-the-hip technical questions. Having said that, the 'Do you have any users and have you actually built an app with this?' questions were entirely apt, and Team Creo should have had better answers. Basically the product is nowhere close to being developed enough for a funding round. It has potential, maybe, but so far it's a programming exercise, not a potential business. The experience highlights the continuing mismatch between developer expectations and funder expectations. 1. Write lots of code 2. I have no idea what happens here 3. PROFIT! If you haven't thought seriously about step 2 you're going to have a hard time with funding - or even just turning your code into a viable business. Well - you could just search for "ZX81". First thing that appears is a Wikipedia article which explains how the memory and off-line storage worked. So I don't think finding this out would have been rocket science. Having said that, and having written my first code on a ZX81 (if you don't count an even older TI programmable calculator with even less RAM) I'm old enough to be amused by the question. :) However you slice it, chess in 1K was awesome coding. Not true. A lot of people were so amazed by the potential of ZX81 game programming they became programmers themselves - sometimes games programmers, but just as often general developers. If the ZX81 hadn't done anything of interest it wouldn't have persuaded those people that awesome programming was possible. Dismissing this kind of coding as a side show is arrogant and ill-informed. The ZX81 itself was a similar project that squeezed maximum usefulness and affordability out of very limited resources. IMO this illustrates the difference between engineers and hacks. Hacks are pleased when code sort-of works. Engineers are only satisfied with designs that are minimal, elegant, and use resources as efficiently as possible. This actually matters. Efficient coding influences everything from battery life to mobile data costs to cloud fees to data centre profitability. Sure, it's easy to ignore. It's just not very professional. That's because traditional music notation isn't a DSL - it's a form of shorthand that gives you the bare minimum of information needed to create an interpretation. And if it's something like figured bass or a jazz lead sheet, it's not even close to what's actually performed. So if you take it literarily and think it's some kind of definitive description, you miss about 90% of what's going on. > my point basically is that the deeper you get into this, the deeper you discover it goes. Exactly. People who know more about computers than music keep reinventing this list idea over and over. I've literally lost count of the number of times the same concepts have appeared in different places over the decades. The people who 'invent' them always seem very pleased that they've completely mastered a whole new problem domain. Sadly, no. Expressive music isn't about lists of notes. Expressive music representations and creative music theory are full-scale industrial machine learning and AI problems. It's hard to make music that more than a hundred people, not including your friends, will pay to listen to more than once. For me, that's the absolute non-negotiable base test for models that claim to represent music in a useful way. True. Not everything is a market commodity, and assuming it is is not intelligent behaviour. Unit price is not a useful metric for assessing social and cultural value - and I don't mean value in some abstract classical-is-better-than-pop sense, but in terms of (e.g.) the quantifiable social benefits of culture, including improved mental and social health, improved cognitive skills from arts training and practice, and so on. So it's not just about investment of effort, it's the fact that reducing everything to commodity pricing misses out a huge amount of relevant information about value. Art is entirely comprehensible. The problem with projects like this is that they often look more like technology studies than art. There's a sweet spot between vintage media techniques and this modern(ist) everything-is-colour+code+concept digital style. But hardly anyone is exploring it. If it was really quantum you wouldn't need to travel because you could be everywhere at the same time - although some locations would be much more likely than others. I think it really misses that business isn't actually war. If you have a culture where everyone thinks they're either commandos, infantry, or police, it's possible you're going to have some customer relationship issues. Who's the enemy in this model? If people don't fit, do they become traitors? Language and metaphor matter, and IMO this is a dangerous and rather dumb metaphor. I can understand why it's going to be popular with certain kinds of business people, especially the kind who like simple stories that make them feel more important than they really are. But over time I think it's as likely to cause as many problems as it solves. This. I know someone in a similar situation. The company said 'Get better as soon as you can - we'll wait.' So she did, and they did. Guess how committed she is to working there now. Personally I've always found the UI rigid and not quite right, like everything has one level of indirection and/or constraint it doesn't really need. I dislike the fact there's no standard file manager dialog, and the preview doesn't quite do what you expect - sometimes it plays-on-click and sometimes it doesn't, and I have no idea why - and the event editor is hard to navigate, especially if you want to micro-edit, and Arrangement mode still doesn't quite make sense to me, even though I've been using it for a long time now. It's true that Live has that let's-all-Mondrian Euro look, which is a thing, I guess. I used to use Sony Acid, so the time-stretch-on-a-grid idea wasn't new to me. And I really preferred the Acid UI. It didn't look as nice, being unapologetically Windows. But it never forced me to stop and think about how to do something, which Live certainly did. In Acid you could just draw loops directly into an arrangement. This always seems complicated in Live, because of the switching between Session and Arrangement modes. 9 is mostly okay. I still think a lot of UI assumptions feel alien and not quite elegantly minimal. But having an open API is a big deal for users who want to do more than Mondrian-with-loops. And as a long-time Max user, M4L is a fun thing to have. When I hear a story like this I have to ask - how did no one else notice? What was this person doing while they were employed? Why did no one else spot that his productivity was effectively zero? No, they've placed themselves as a premium but accessible fashion brand within the popular consumer tech market. Now, they're trying to sell a tech product to the status symbol market - which is a completely different proposition. I cannot see any way this can work, because Apple's upgrade cycle-driven minimalism is the exact opposite of the busily pointless lasting-heirloom-wannabe bling you get from brands like Vertu, Rolex, Patek Philippe, and the rest. Wrapping a thick layer of gold around a Mk 1 product that everyone suspects is going to be updated in a year or two isn't going to fix that. So it's a dangerous strategy. If it fails it's going to dampen sales of the cheaper models. IMO they should have stayed out of the fashion market until they had a model that truly qualified for heritage status, and then sold it as a very limited special edition, in something insanely expensive like diamond-coated aerospace platinum. If this turns into a 'This is still mass produced, but we made it shiny, gold, and very expensive as a thing' pitch, I think it will be completely wrong for that market. Ideally the government should scrap all private tuition costs. That's how it works in most of Europe, and there doesn't seem to be a problem with the quality of learning or the facilities. That's how it used to work in the UK, and the main result was a strong middle class with plenty of disposable income. But... not everyone likes the idea of a strong middle class with plenty of disposable income. So now we have financial-rape loans and a weakened economy - a combination guaranteed to create huge default/delinquency issues over the next decade or two. >For some reason, harmonic distortion produced before the 80s is art, and harmonic distortion produced after the 80s is an affront. You're comparing apples to quantum dots. Tape recording/mixing didn't add distortion in the same way that a bad amp adds distortiion. There certainly is such a thing as cheap transistor sound, and it's both measurable and audible. There's also such a thing as a high-end studio equipment sound. It's why a good proportion of professional recording and mixing engineers prefer expensive outboard over plugins - even though some of the plug-ins are older than they are now. There's also such a thing as amplifier sound. Pretty much anyone can hear the difference between a selection of affordable amps on a straight A/B comparison. There's also such a thing as hifi wankery and outright scamming, especially in the accessories market and at the very high end. But most people build/buy systems that help them enjoy the music more. If you can't hear the musical differences between - say - music played on a crappy cassette player from the 1980s and music played on a Nakamichi player from the same period, that's fine. A lot of people could - including all my friends, in various store demos when I was helping them buy music hardware. Quite a few of them had the same reaction I did. Which was 'Wow, I had no idea.' >If you just want to build high performance electronic equipment, there are much more interesting areas to work in than simply applying gain to a pair of AC signals while preserving their phase relationship. But audio is completely fascinating because such tiny, subtle changes have such a big effect on the result, and often no one is exactly sure why. Digital dither is such a small signal it should be completely inaudible. If you play a dither signal on its own, there's nothing to hear. But the effects are very, very obvious. Audio is like that all over. Tiny, supposedly trivial distortions change the quality of sound perception in unpredictable ways. Some make the music sound more enjoyable, some make it sound worse. That's partly why people take an interest. Competitive consumption is also a thing, but that doesn't change the fact that a lot up-to-mid-price buyers want something they can afford and enjoy. They're not seriously interested in showing it off to their friends or writing about it in hifi magazines. It seems Apple has settled on the same corporate colour scheme for everything except watch straps and budget iPhones - champagne, space gray, and white. From a design POV, I'd have loved to see this in more cheerful colours. I don't think it would have disappointed the target market, either. Given the spec, maybe it's more of a gold scooter. What's your source for this? The HESA stats at https://www.hesa.ac.uk/pis/urg suggest there was a slight increase in the percentage of lower-middle and working class students in 2012/13, but this was set against a drop in total UK student numbers of around 6%. Those are the most recent numbers I can find. They don't break out the details. >If tuition is funded by the government then this will force those without a university education to subsidise those who do go to university. There's absolutely no reason why this would have to be true. There are plenty of other possible income sources, not least a much less tolerant attitude to off-shore tax avoidance, raised property taxes and the removal of loopholes that support tax-exempt foreign trusts, and taxes on quick-flip investment speculation. The UK is actually swimming in cash. It's just not very evenly distributed. The fact that you have to install XtraFinder to get Finger - sorry, Finder - to do something basic like auto-size columns doesn't say much for Apple's diligence. There is a clear and obvious problem with the quality of Apple's desktop software. Someone in charge is making very bad decisions about the competence of Apple users and their requirements. The software has always been questionable - not least iTunes, which is a horrible example of how not to make a clean and elegant UI. But lately it's been getting worse. The cosmetics are - possibly - improving. But usability and features are suffering. Unless some of them are on a network share or a USB drive. Disconnect and they disappear, never to be seen again. It's interesting that if you search for MongoDB vs Postgres, you won't find any articles suggesting you should go from P to M. Supposedly WiredTiger for M 3.0 will be more everything, including faster and better. We'll see. It seems there may also be a link between creativity and sensitivity to ambient noise. http://www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/stories/2015/03/creat... Also more skeptical and less willing to hand over equity and control without raw-numbers proof of a significant positive contribution. The social capital you get from dinners and networking is all very well. But it's not quite enough to provide that proof in an objective business-case sense. You have to wonder about the ethics of someone who - by this account - was willing to tell obvious stupid lies about his marital status to get a few shags. If all of this is true, and it was the ethical baseline for co-worker relationships, what's the ethical baseline for client relationships? It's true in the sense that what makes technology and culture interesting is invention, not endless recycling. You're pretty much suggesting that using strong feedback to force culture to stay within a tiny area of the total possible cultural phase space is just as interesting as allowing chaotic exploration of the entire space. It's not just an argument against creativity, it's an argument against invention in general. >My issue is that none of those examples are backed by any evidence that they are not doing a decent job of finding a global maximum. That's the thing about global maxima - you only know that you've found a global maximum if you've explored the entire space. Otherwise you've just stumbled across a local attractor, and you're stuck in a loop around it. This isn't even a good analogy, because cultural attractors are contingent, and they vary over time. They're also unpredictable. The reason they capture attention isn't because they're maxima in some analytic sense. They become found maxima because they summarise some aspect of human experience, so they appeal to a lot of people at once. The spectrum of possible maxima is mysterious and not understood, which is how you get - say - Harry Potter coming out of nowhere and captivating a generation. Culture is music, not a sine wave. You don't just want a single signal - you want a mix of related-but-different signals running all the time. I like the fact that "Make Trust Your #1 Value" is #5 on the list. Hint: startups are the new Dungeons & Dragons. This is fine in theory, but most solutions require time, resources, people, money... all things that employees lower down the hierarchy are unlikely to have. If you're saying 'Bring a suggested solution but don't try to implement it without buy-in', that's a slightly different process. The issue of who notices/fixes/prioritises/analyses tactical and strategic problems, and who assigns resources for the fixes, can make or break companies. It's not a simple problem. I suspect a lot of popular solutions are probably sub-optimal. >That may very well be what makes technology and culture interesting to you. Do you really prefer static, stagnating cultures to dynamic and inventive ones? Someone with the author's deep insight into almost everything should have been able to work out that you don't need to contact JKR to hire an editor. You can find editors for hire online. Some of them are very good. Of course, they won't be JKR or JKR's editors. They'll be ordinary professionals with a professional opinion. I suspect that may be enough to put the author off. I also suspect that JKR has glanced at this already. But since she's known for taking political positions rather different to the author's, I doubt first contact would be a happy experience. This is why the Pi is not a good computer for school coding. It's just too damn hard to use for most kids. By the time they've worked their way around the Linux command line and file permissions, a big percentage have lost interest. (Yes, this is based on experience, from friends who are trying to use it in classrooms.) It's good that the Pi Foundation is making an effort to produce educational materials. But IMO they should have worked much harder on initial usability, with a simple task-driven desktop that pointed kids straight at coding and web design. With the old 8-bit micros you could start coding immediately. The Pi is nothing like that. The effort/reward function is off for all but the very brightest kids. As for the Micro Bit - as you say, it looks a bit like the BBC's take on Arduino. I guess success is going to depend on the software environment, which is something that no one seems to have much information about yet. I'm concerned that C++ is included, because that wouldn't be my first choice as a teaching language. But Python is too, and there's a custom language for beginners, so it may all work out. 'He was the sort of person who stood on mountaintops during thunderstorms in wet copper armour shouting 'All the Gods are bastards.' - Terry Pratchett There's a deal? Does JKR know there's supposed to be a deal? You're not editing at this point, you're asking for official approval, which is a whole other thing. You're not going to get that from JKR, or from any other high-profile author who has a professional interest in keeping their own work separate from the vast flood of fanfic that surrounds it. But also - it's simply stupid (and irrational) to think that JKR is going to approve of political comments about immigration, or a rape scene. She's made her political position very obvious in interviews. Why would she change it for some fanfic? It's like trying to tell Steve Jobs that he should have made Macs run Windows, because OS X was a dumb mistake. There's already plenty of accurate forecasting available, but it's suppressed and distorted by elite interests. So most voters either have no access to it, or they're told expedient lies by the media. The US has an large organised mass of 'think tanks', 'foundations', and other propaganda fronts which exists solely to lie to the public and directly influence policy makers. Debate is not the answer to this. You can only restore real democracy by making the distortions explicit. That means logging and listing all lobbying efforts, making sure no off-record cash transactions go unreported, and removing anyone who lies to the public for profit from any kind of political influence. DemocracyOS is tinkering around the edges of this. Local democracy is a start, but it won't start to have an effective influence until national policy power is distributed more intelligently. Unfortunately I think that's exactly the market Apple aren't aiming for - but will probably get. Watch is a slow-motion PR disaster. It's doing a lot of damage to the Apple brand, because Apple seem to have stopped pretending to make useful, affordable, luxury, and are now trying to make unaffordable, useless, luxury - which is a completely different market, for completely customers, with completely different rules. This would be fine if the product itself had clear Veblen-differentiation. But it doesn't. Watch Edition is just Sport Watch in a blingy case with a nicer strap. That is so not how the luxury market works. High-end luxury is defined by evidence that you can command some other human's skill and work. So, you can't have mass-produced or machine-made high-end luxury, by definition. If it's not hand-made, or hand-marketed, or hand-concierged, or very strictly limited, of fundamentally different and exclusive in a way that proves that someone has had to work hard for you personally to make it, it doesn't tweak those luxury neurons - no matter how much gold it has, or how much it costs. And companies can only find those skill abroad? And not by - say - offering local graduates lower starter pay but extra training? When everyone is talking about how hard it is to predict hiring outcomes, it's a bit of a stretch to suggest that this problem magically disappears for prospects who happen to be from other countries. I'd love to see some weighting that allows for local cost of living. $60k in most of Europe is reasonable money. $100k in SV (or London, but not quite so much) will barely keep a roof over your head. Because at some point you stop being a feature of the landscape, and you become the landscape - or a big part of it, at least. That's where GitHub is now. If GitHub closed in the same way, that would be... unfortunate. That seems to be where Google Code was trying to go. For whatever reason, it never quite made it. But if you're part of the scenery - and Google Code was, for a while - and not just a shack hardly anyone visits, a burden of responsibility goes with that. If Google keeps breaking web apps, users will move from Chrome anyway. Sometimes it's because things are objectively worse. Cringing doesn't change the facts. The original claim that we're less violent is easy to debunk, and has been debunked by many people. See e.g. http://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/features/john-gray-steven-... But more than that, it's clear that economics and politics have become prime vectors for social violence in the 'developed' West: particularly economics, which has been used as an ideological excuse to destroy the possible future prospects and current living conditions of entire generations now. Unemployment in - say - Spain for the under-25s is more than 50%. The rate in the US is around 12%, but that disguises the fact that many 'jobs' barely pay a living wage now, where fifty years ago even starter jobs offered comfortable salaries. The destruction has been justified by a steady stream of clearly wrong 'economic theories' that don't stand up to even the most basic undergraduate-level scrutiny. See e.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Growth_in_a_Time_of_Debt So yes - things are objectively worse for many people. The fact that some people are doing okay and a tiny minority are doing really well doesn't change that. Getting this stuff wrong has very real long-term social and political consequences. It's irrational to ignore that. You can't have skyrocketing rental prices. That's economically impossible. If you do have skyrocketing rental prices, you should buy yourself an Econ 101 textbook and educate yourself about why this is impossible. Then the problem will go away. >both San Francisco and Boston have very strong NIMBY groups in the various neighborhoods. Well, yes. In the real world - the one that doesn't consider 'just so' stories an explanation of anything - it's well known that rents depend on a mix of factors, not least of which is strong government support for affordable social housing. Germany has a very strong rental culture, and excellent availability. Rentals remain reasonable, because there's a critical political mass of renters who would cause problems for politicians if they stopped being reasonable. London, meanwhile, has limited housing stock and no rent control. The result is that rents are increasingly insane, landlords are increasingly disinterested in spending money on repairs (...so much for that argument) and most ordinary people are either sharing in overcrowded conditions, living in spare rooms, or moving elsewhere. As a test case, this is hardly a resounding success for the no-control lobby. London used to have a solid reservoir of social housing, but that was deliberately eliminated in the 80s. The result has been a steady cycle of manic-depressive boom/bust explosions. Currently property prices are being driven up by foreign speculators. Wherever there's boom, capital flocks to it - until prices crash again, and then the greater fools are left behind, trying to capitalise on decrepit slum properties. Rent control on its own isn't a solution to this. But an integrated and thoughtful housing policy certainly can be. I don't think it's insecurity. You get community status and improved job offers by creating and managing a high-profile project. So the field is a firehose of high-profile projects, whether or not they're needed. It's possible a very large and complex generalisation of Conway's Law, between groups that barely communicate: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_law Then you get aggressive opinionation about the projects, but really that's a secondary phenomenon. One problem is there are no objective metrics for framework or language quality. I don't think anyone knows if objective metrics are even possible, never mind how they would work. So you pretty much just make a choice that works for you and stay with it until something obviously much better comes along. And if it doesn't - if it's obviously much different, but not so obviously better - you can still be getting useful work done. The seductive promise is that Framework X will make the job take half as long and produce half the bugs. I doubt that's ever true in practice, for general values of X, especially when you consider learning/retooling time. Facts are only facts if they're actually factual. There are numerous known exceptions to simplistic supply/demand arguments, including Giffen goods, Veblen status, lack of insight on either side, information arbitrage, and so on. It's not impossible some of them apply to city housing markets. What annoys me about arguments about housing is that housing is clearly a systems problem, not a one-or-two-variable optimisation problem. Availability and rental prices depend on a complex network of interacting drivers, not all of which are purely economic, and some of which aren't even local. Supply and demand storytelling doesn't even begin to come close to providing a useful model of that network. I doubt most of these facts were taught in schools - which is probably the point. Finding answers to questions like these was difficult pre-Internet. You'd only have a chance of getting them right if you read very widely all the time, and remembered most of what you read. If I was competing with Edison and I genuinely thought his employees were able to ace that test, I'd be seriously worried, trivia or no. In reality they probably couldn't. Only a very tiny percentage of the population is going to have the wide interests and the eidetic recall needed to ace this list. This has some sources: http://scienceblogs.com/gregladen/2009/08/31/the-poor-and-th... But... I'm not sure it's a fair comparison. If the poor reproduce much earlier than the rich you're comparing multiple generations with a single generation. By the time our hypothetical "fit" billionaire has just finished his family of three, a hypothetical "less fit" poor male may already be a grandfather. Of course, this doesn't include unofficial offspring, multiple marriages, and so on. It seems quite hard to get accurate numbers. Mobile OS designs have little or no contextual awareness or proximity sensitivity, and GPS is too inaccurate to solve that problem. It wouldn't be rocket science to add a layer that worked out whether you were walking towards or away from some specific hardware reference transceiver, checked some credentials, and responded with some action. So - car "keys", hotel room "keys", house "keys", house lights, virtual boarding passes and other travel tickets, etc. Watch is supposed to do some of this but the UIKit in iOS wasn't really designed for this kind of interaction. So the 'wave your watch around to unlock your room' idea still isn't as streamlined as it could be. NFC/RFID may not be the right technology for this. It's a good bet that Apple and Google have either worked this out already or will work it out very soon. Disney already have. It's true that current app UIs are non-ideal. But apps are a transitional solution, and I don't expect them to be around in their current form for more than another few years at most. That's, not so conservatively, the number of people who have heard of the site now. What grounds do you have for believing that web reach is an accurate estimator for this problem? A lot of retailers will argue about this. But the law is the law. If you threaten civil action they'll either acquiesce before the case gets to court, or be forced to acquiesce after it gets to court, because there's no defence. >If you structure it so that the city paid a royalty to the entity which established the line for a few years, they could probably do a fair amount of good. This is very much how the UK's rail franchising system fails to work. Rail is complex because you have obvious economies of scale when you have the same entity managing rolling stock, tracks, other resources, and R&D. The UK's rail franchising is the worst of all possible worlds. Economies of scale are impossible because separate companies own the rolling stock, run the rolling stock, and maintain the track. And no R&D happens at all now. Worse, companies regularly scam the gov by collecting subsidies while they can and giving up franchises early when they're expected to start repaying some of their profits. So this is not necessarily a good model. >I think it would indicate that the city isn't making enough of an effort on the mass transit side of things. Why should public transport be profitable? It provides a valuable economic service, in that it moves employees to and from work. Demanding that it should make a profit is like demanding that pedestrian walkways or the freeway system should make a profit. Infrastructure is a public and corporate good. You can certainly debate who benefits from it the most, and who should pay for it on the basis of the economic value of those benefits. You can also debate if perhaps it's not as innovative as it could be - something which is often true of both public and private transport systems. But there's no obvious non-ideological need for it to be run on a for-profit basis. "Didn't recoup" doesn't necessarily mean the label didn't get its money back. More commonly it means that artist royalties - which are a small proportion of label income - don't exceed the initial advance. Book publishing works the same way. Labels/publishers can be comfortably in profit on a project, but the system is set up to make sure that artists don't get a share of that profit. Now - labels played all kinds of games to make sure they paid artists as little as possible, up to and including outright lies about the sales and income. (Some writers have discovered that publishers sometimes still try this.) Even so, most traditional label deals were far more generous to artists than today's streaming deals. Labels also spent significant money on PR, publicity, and payola, which Spotify and YouTube obviously don't. Even fairly minor bands could live comfortably for a few years from radio play and royalties from a single mid-list album. Top sellers could afford castles, private jets, and custom-built recording studios. This was partly a feature of scarcity, when there were far fewer artists selling music to a public that was more interested in music. But it was also a direct result of more generous accounting/royalty options, and the fact that once artists crossed a certain threshold they had enough spare capital to start developing alternative stand-alone businesses. It would probably help if RMS understood a little about how inventors of hardware circuitry make a living instead of posting from a position of almost complete ignorance. Circuit topologies certainly can be patented. "Copyright" is an irrelevant concept here. The IP doesn't reside in a copyable drawing or shape, but in the commercial value of the topology. What matters isn't the graphical or notional arrangement of the components, but the fact that the arrangement provides a novel and unique solution to a specific problem and/or implements a significant new capability. Licensees can then pay for the right to use the topology in their own products. If you want to make your topology free, you can simply release it into the public domain. Prior art rules will then make it very hard to patent. The various CC/GPL licenses make little or no sense in this context, because most hardware topologies aren't directly copyable without modification and tuning. Besides, a lot of designs already use standard topologies. There's no patent on many standard digital and analog design elements because they're already in the public domain. Some of them have been in the public domain for decades. It's clear from this other shot there are no teeth there, and not much of a face either. Immutability is nothing like explicit version control. So far as I know no language has anything close to explicit version control for state. This is unfortunate, because it could potentially be a very useful if every single atom of data came with a built-in list of previous states, with timestamps, and with an identifier for the code/process that last changed the state. Obviously, this is usually what debuggers try to do. But there's no reason why something like this couldn't be built into a language. (Yes, it would be slow. No, it wouldn't be that slow if done right. It wouldn't even have to be slower than many other standard practices. But yes, it could potentially use a lot of memory unless given a cutoff. Even so...) CS generally still seems stuck in the "memory is a line pigeonholes" model, and immutability seems to be a crude memory management hack, not a complete state control solution. I sometimes wonder if a lot of the issues with state are caused by the fact that languages have extremely limited tools for dealing explicitly with representations of historical causality and past/present/future, and not because state itself is inherently evil. That seems to mean long-term business visions - not long-term technology incubation, which is something else entirely. Almost any traditional music theory course or textbook will get you started. But the geek-standard for non-musicians is probably Hofstadter's Godel-Escher-Bach, which explains some of the clever things Bach did. Bach was exceptionally good at writing parallel lines of music while keeping them separate and individually interesting. The technical name for this is counterpoint. While counterpoint never quite died out - it's still used in pop and film scores - no one else has ever written counterpoint quite as dense and inventive. And Bach didn't just write it, he improvised it, with six or even eight lines at a time. WTC is an example of writing in different keys - identical note scales that start on different root notes. Before modern tunings keyboards were tuned to a specific key. The other possible keys were always more or less out of tune. With modern tunings the sourness was smoothed out. None of the keys are exactly in tune, but they're all similarly good-enough. Bach's tuning probably wasn't quite the same as a modern tuning. But it was close enough to allow him to write a book of pieces that worked through all the keys on a single instrument without retuning - which was a novelty for the time. WTC is also a kind of pattern book of contrapuntal and compositional techniques. So it made a huge impression - and still does. If you're not a musician I wouldn't get too distracted by the theory. It helps to know what a fugue is and maybe a little about form, but the music is very good at speaking for itself as a self-contained experience without insisting that you understand how it was put together. Actually my decision probably depends on the person. [cough] But anyway. This isn't even philosophy - it's a digital remix of medieval scholasticism pretending to be philosophy. The irony is that politics proves empirically that ideas actually can be dangerous and harmful. And some ideas - actually narratives - can be very dangerous and harmful indeed. There's over a century of "persuasion technology" (Bernays, etc) that exploits this. Nothing I've seen Y write deals with the problem of politics as a social exploit in an insightful - never mind a useful - way. Meanwhile real people are being tortured in real ways. What's his proposed rational solution to that problem? This might work in the UK. There is no national water infrastructure, so although it rains a lot, there are regular droughts - especially in the South East where most of the population lives. There's been some noise about fixing this, but after privatisation there's no commercial interest in taking on national-scale projects without government subsidy. Somewhere like CA is largely desert anyway, and there's no obvious wet climate area to collect water from. So practically, only draconian conservation laws and perhaps a huge string of desal plants can save CA. I guess neither of those are likely. And then you get a repeat of what's happening in Sao Paulo and Rio in Brazil, where there's no water for days on end. The terrifying thing about climate change is that it's literally making some areas uninhabitable. Large parts of FL have less than fifty years, CA and NM are drying out, the East Coast will become more prone to flooding and perhaps also to extreme winters. Europe is going to have similar problems as flooding becomes common. There are already places in the UK where buildings insurance is no longer affordable. At some point the economics stop making sense. Not long after that people either leave or become homeless. It would have been smart to avoid these outcomes, but that doesn't seem to have happened. Of course I didn't. When dealing with real moral issues the question is wholly trivial. The fact that it includes some numbers that reduce to some other numbers doesn't change that. Putting numbers into something doesn't make it scientific or objective. It just makes it numerical. There is a difference, and it's not a small one. As an employee you're limited by the quality of the C-suite. If you swap equity for salary, it's important to understand that you're not gambling on the quality of the product or the idea, but on the quality and integrity of the people you're working for. You probably won't have enough information to make a good decision about their quality and integrity until you've been working somewhere for a while. But generally, if one promise doesn't work out, you have good reason to suspect others won't too. Equity is really just a promise. So you should have a lot of evidence of reliability and integrity before you count on it. It was seeded by wartime/cold war governments and large corps. But back then government was at least somewhat independent of the large corps. Today Washington is the wholly-owned political arm of the mil/ind/fin complex. The tail isn't just wagging the dog, it's controlling it with direct brain implants. If you don't accept this, please explain how the F35 was allowed to happen. The scale of wastage and - let's call it what it is - establishment-sanctioned corruption is almost impossible to comprehend. Apple and the other big names will deal with it by moving processing to the cloud, and selling processor cycles as a public utility accessed through relatively simple devices - like a Chromebook, only more so. This can't happen until there's much better access to bandwidth. But it is happening already - Siri is just the start - and it's going to continue. I'm expecting Windows 11 (12?) and Mac OS 11 to be cloud-based. I have no idea where this leaves Linux. (Possibly nowhere, except on servers and embedded devices?) There will probably be a legacy market for expensive high-end performance personal computing for the relatively few applications where it's essential to have a beefy processor on a desk next to you. But aside from games and maybe music/video editing, most domestic and office computing is already so light-weight that it can be cloudified without issues. Of course this also means your data will be cloudy too, and you'll be stuck inside a walled garden with very strong access controls for apps and content - so you probably won't be able to run any app you want. I suspect the big names will see this as a feature rather than a bug. Which is why we have off-shoring, and stagnant or dropping real income for that segment of the population that still has a job. Are these good things? Is it a good thing when a private equity investor starts stomping around your startup demanding you treat your hires like exploitable assets and not like friends or colleagues you respect? In Europe, companies were originally gifts of a private trading monopoly made by a monarch. The Post Office model happened a lot later. There should be more of a distinction between "efficient" used to mean "gets things done effectively and invents new and clever ways to get things done while saving everyone time and money", and the capitalist meaning of "accumulates profits by screwing everyone except senior management and perhaps the stockholders." It's perfectly possible for the latter kind of "efficient" company to be very inefficient in the first sense. In fact if you have a market with a very limited number of established large players, it's pretty much the default. Just because it can be done, doesn't mean it can be done well. iOS/OS X seems to do real MVC, with lightweight reusable view objects managed by ready-made controller classes. The obvious benefits are minimal memory and streamlined data flow. You only ever make/use the view objects you really need, you can recycle them to save memory, and - in OS X especially - controller objects include useful ready-made convenience methods. Web frameworks often seem to do something that looks like MVC if you squint and don't think too hard. But when you're forced to use separate languages for logic (js), markup (HTML), and view design (CSS), and handle separate client/server environments, and there's inevitable overlap between all of the above (jquery etc) because stuff doesn't "just work", and you probably have yet another layer as a DB driver, it gets very complicated very quickly - to no great benefit. The web has become a snarly ball of warty epicycles. That's why native is so popular - you get one common language for logic, views, and data, with a clean-ish interface to a remote server if you need one. When everything works together like that, you can think seriously about MVC. When the core concerns are all over the place already, it's a mess before you even start. Which is not to say you can't work with it and build cool stuff - more that you can't just airdrop in a design pattern from a different tradition without thinking really, really hard about what, why, how, and what happens a year from now. a) Private equity has always pushed for off-shoring and for a favourable tax culture. This is only a government failure to the extent that government hasn't resisted lobbying efforts from the PEs. b) So you're saying founders have a choice between accepting bullying or being starved of funding? Perhaps that's not the positive argument for PE it might appear to be. The reality is that PE culture vampirises and kills real businesses and real affluence. It's only investment in the most toxic and predatory sense. Watch doesn't work as a Veblen product because it falls into the uncanny valley of not quite being unaffordable enough. A $1,000,000 watch in a limited edition of 25 would do much less damage to the brand than a $17,000 watch in a limited edition of ???? Median buyers know that they can never afford $1,000,000 for a watch. So at that price it remains a celebrity fantasy product, and some the fantasy gets reflected onto the rest of the range. $small-number,000 is - paradoxically - almost, but not quite, affordable. It's not any more expensive than many cars, and people buy those all the time. But the only extra value is the case and the strap. So it looks a like you're paying a lot to pay a lot, and getting something very mass market for the money. With a nicer strap and case. But people don't buy watches for the strap or the case. Now you have an "exclusive" product that isn't producing the right exclusivity signals, but at the same time it's expensive enough to seem gratuitously and irritatingly unreachable. There's nothing insanely great about this. I don't think Steve Jobs would have done it. (I mean - who knows? But historically, there's good reason to suspect this wouldn't have worked for him.) And corporations try to commoditise labour even more aggressively. Your point is...? For some reason, this logic never seems to apply upper management salaries - irrespective of competence or achievement. Here's the reality - the C-suite is already informally unionised. There's no explicit union structure, but there's a very cosy network of personal relationships, social signals, and ethical assumptions which relies on rhetoric like "We should pay talent what it's worth" to make sure that executive-level comp only shrinks in exceptional and rare cases. Unionisation may not be the most perfect balance to that, but it's much better than any alternative which amounts to "Eh, let's just do nothing." I had an eBay transaction go very wrong. Foolishly I used my real email and domain for communication, with a very WHOISable home address. When the physical threats started I had to get the police involved. There's also the issue of pseudonymity. If I work on a lot of different projects, I don't necessarily want everyone to know about everything I'm doing with everyone else. This doesn't mean I ignore NDAs and share sekrit stuff - I most certainly don't. But I've freelanced in the past, and some employers have strange and unrealistic expectations about how much exclusivity they're buying. This isn't hypothetical. In the past I've been told "You absolutely can't work for anyone else if you freelance casually for us." Really? How about "no"? Also it's better for free speech. I can express opinions freely with online privacy. I don't necessarily want those opinions to be associated with - say - a startup I'm creating. Generally, contact info is a problem. It's actually mandatory for UK companies to include a business registration number and an office address. (I'm not sure how many UK devs know that.) Problem is, when you can incorporate in Delaware or Kiev, physical contact details start to become meaningless anyway. My rule now is that contact is easy if there's a networking, customer care, or community-building benefit. But privacy is a fine thing too. Being able to pick and choose is best of all. Building from source is happening anyway. The browser is pretty much a js logic/html+css view compiler. It just JITs it when the page loads instead of creating a downloadable binary. With node/io and Go, servers have been build-from-source for a while. Given the snarly mess of frameworks/tools/languages/abstractions used in web dev, it's not obvious you'd get worse performance or inferior code using JIT LLVM and some newly minted update of Visual Basic or Swift with component/object/view caching. I guess he was at home at CCMRA in a way he wouldn't have been elsewhere. He seems like a research guy, and although Yamaha had an external R&D stream for a while, it was never going to compete with what was possible at CCMRA and IRCAM. Not to take away from Chowning, who is certainly up there with Moog for making a difference, but the real father of digital synthesizers is Max Matthews. FM wouldn't have been possible without the Music-N series, and modern plug-ins are more or less direct descendants of those original card decks. What Chowning did was classic innovation - taking an obscure and academic piece of code that had maybe ten or twenty users worldwide, putting together a killer practical application for a subset of it, and helping to commercialise it so it was used and heard by millions. It's cool to realise how experimental it all was back then. Now it's completely mainstream, but that's only because Matthews and Chowning made it so. Huh? I was just pointing out that the distance between building a binary from a mess of source files and building a web app from - er - a mess of source files is not that huge. And the trend is for it to get less huge. E.g. Bootstrap already uses the words "custom build" for a rebuild, and js-world has gulp and grunt for "building". There's already been serious talk about either throwing out the DOM or abstracting it with something closer to a native code model. Honestly, I'll be surprised if this doesn't happen within the next few years. I always read "not compiled" as a synonym for "slow." I'm not worried about Python's type system. At worst it's manageable, at best it's expressive for prototyping. But when I see benchmarks that suggest Python is 10 to 100X slower for critical server code, I have to wonder why anyone would use it for enterprise development. Which is why there are so many Java and C++ code jockeys working in enterprise. Neither language is pretty or fun or interesting from a CS point of view. But there's no arguing both consistently run faster than anything this side of assembler. I would have expected critical industrial infrastructure code to pay some attention to that - because speed isn't an abstraction. When you're running giant data centres, extra cycles consistently cost real money . Dev costs are relatively small compared to operating costs. So it's well worth spending extra time getting good, fast compiled code working. Well, that's... a point of view. I'm unconvinced it's an accurate one. Firstly, the app model is pure genius. It means Apple gets an army of developers producing software for Apple with zero health/unemployment/other benefits, no up-front advance payments, and a limited curation cost. The risks are entirely on the developer side. There is no downside for Apple. Secondly momentum creates the usual extreme power law, with most of the benefits going to a small minority of developers. What makes an app sell is some random combination of luck, faddiness, and marketing muscle. It certainly isn't inherent quality or "fit". In fact you seem to be using "fit" as a rationalisation for app successes, not as a useful description of the processes that make an app successful - some of which seem to random. Finally, there's the bottom line: devs like to that puts on a stage routine about having the right stuff, it's not unreasonable to expect it to do stuff right. The point: the benefits of keeping devs onside and treating them with more respect would be immense, and probably economically incalculable. Apple would have an instant army of fanboys/girls talking up the company to anyone who would listen. App quality would go way up to the point where iOS could potentially totally kill Android. App and hardware sales would increase further, and you'd get a classic virtuous cycle. Unfortunately when you have a war chest heading towards $1tn you probably don't feel any need to care about the little people, and "eh - whatever" is good enough for you. But that doesn't mean the opportunity wasn't real, or that it hasn't been squandered. It was and it has. And that's been a bad thing for everyone - including Apple. That's not an ideal question because it assumes that Apple and FDB already exist as technology owning/creating entities. What if there were no large corporations at all? What if IP and status/cash-flow were set up as the property of individuals and/or small teams who collaborated on a per-project basis? You could have a system where IP was still shared in a completely open way, remaining free for non-commercial use, but commercial use would require a per-use payment, and commercial modification would attract a revenue share of its own if it was useful to a market. This might not be ideal - it doesn't solve the problem of actually making stuff, for example. (There are possible answers to that, but they're even weirder.) But it shows it's at least possible to begin to think about systems that don't have dinosaur corporations stomping around the ecosystem predating anyone and anything who's small and interesting. And it specifically solves the problem of useful IP being removed or suppressed just because it can be. There's not much - actually no - tech-for-tech's-sake. I'd guess that's more of a good thing than a bad one. IMO the bio/med slant and almost (not quite...) complete absence of anything social or IoT is interesting, and possibly an indicator of future YC strategy. I'm slightly surprised some of these projects think they need YC. E.g. if MashGin is anywhere close to working it's likely going to have investors dropping off big piles of cash at their lab day, night, weekends, and major holidays. That's also true of the US - especially if you include "urban and poor" as well. I did, and I agree with the criticism. The fact that you're offering factual information doesn't change the fact that you're: 1. Deliberately manipulating buying decisions for profit. 2. Concealing the fact that the information you present is intended to manipulate, not to inform. 3. Ignoring whether or not a buying decision will genuinely benefit the customer and not just the seller. Put simply, you seem to have zero interest in the customer except as financial prey. Do you really not understand how shady this is? It's true that persuasion is everywhere - but so what? Germs, pollution, poisons, politicians, and other bad things are everywhere too. That doesn't mean we shouldn't try to mitigate their damaging effects. If you don't understand why this is a problem, consider how customers would feel if you explained your manipulation up front. How much damage would the brand suffer? Now, if you had customers who were happy with your presentation after an open explanation ("Yes - tell me when you're about to run out of stock so I don't have to wait until you restock") that would be different. But instead of giving them that choice you're using textbook psychological exploits to push their behaviour around in ways that benefit you, potentially at their expense - and IMO that's certainly not a cool thing to be doing. Actually, yes. There's the MMPI, there are standard tests for conditions like Alzheimer's, and many others. These tests have reasonable - not perfect, but useful - correlations with observable and reported behaviours. I'm not aware of any specific tests for suicidal ideation, but the FAA explicitly disqualifies pilots diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and other personality disorders are cause for concern. I don't know if carriers include other checks. IMO it would be weird if they didn't - but I'm not a carrier. My guess is that if it's aggressive suicide there will be some high-stress triggering incident in the recent past - debt, blackmail, a weird sexual history, a relationship breakup, or something of that ilk. Possibly even a very negative work review from an insane boss. If there's nothing at all, that would be very strange and unusual. Engineering lives on a continuum from almost pure maths to pure cookbook canned solutions, with a much smaller arrow going in the opposite direction from unexplained observations to theorising and model building. Things like Shannon's description of information-as-entropy were certainly a mathematical discovery about engineered systems, and led directly to a lot of coding and data compression theory. There wasn't a whole lot of interest in quantum channels at the time, so the fact that the theory fed something back to mainstream physics was a bonus. >The web might have been created by amateurs, but it works incredibly well. The fact that it was created by amateurs helped make it work incredibly well for amateurs. The professional CS alternatives - gopher and the like - were not successful in comparison. There's a thing in CS where solutions become so clever they become stupid - because the goal stops being task-oriented usefulness, and becomes ideological and formal purity. It's the process that turns a plain hammer into an atomic pile driver you can only control remotely from the moon by sending it messages using catapulted owls in space suits. It's better at hammering in some abstract sense, but maybe not so much for hitting nails. Abstraction without contextual insight is one of the most powerful and destructive of all anti-patterns. On the web the professionals took over from the amateurs, and now web technology is another example of design-by-committee. It still works surprisingly well because interplanetary owls are kind of fun, maybe, for some people. But is it ever a mess of half-solved problems generating recursive epicycles of complication. Actually the US has an entire (metaphorical) army of think tanks and other propaganda outlets which do exactly that. The sockpuppets tend to be more influential than drive-by commenters though. Some of them actually pretend to be respectable journalists and opinion-formers. The Church Committee in the 1970s blew the lid on this. Operation Mockingbird is a famous historical example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Mockingbird The National Endowment for Democracy is more recent: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Endowment_for_Democrac... Given history, it would take someone with more faith in open government than I have to believe there are no equivalent online operations today. My conceptual art piece for the day is thinking you're wrong. And I'm not going to explain, because that would deprive everyone of the opportunity to co-create the work. This is one opinion. Please get counter-opinions for balance. IMO only mugs and rich kids go to university in the UK now. I doubt you'll get working skills at uni. Depending on the course, you're more likely to get mind-broadening introductions to CS ideas and techniques you're not yet familiar with - hard stuff about algorithms, difficult languages you wouldn't usually touch, and the like. But you don't get actual work experience unless you do a course with a one-year industrial placement. At best you get solo and group practice projects you can maybe showcase to employers. But - here's the thing. With GitHub and StackOverflow you can get similar project experience working from home. And academically, there is nothing at all you can learn on a CS course you can't learn from books and the Internet. You may have to find and buy a few expensive books - but you'll have to buy the books anyway. Three years from now everyone else will be leaving uni with no practical job experience and three years of debt. You have the potential to have zero debt and one, two, or even three years of practical experience, having built a solid project portfolio that should at least get you on a shortlist for many jobs. And if you're interested in startups and business, you're much better off getting into that as soon as you can. Assumption - you're fine with working hard. If you just want to sleep all day, this plan won't work. There are three downsides. One is that some tech jobs specifically demand a degree. Depending how stupid the company is, HR may specifically filter out non-degreed applicants. That's definitely a downside, but it's only some employers, Another is that uni gives you networking opportunities and personal friendships you won't get at work. Some can last a lifetimem. They certainly have a personal value, and in the top-rank unis they have financial value too. (To be blunt about it.) But if you're applying to Average Uni of Middleshire I'm not sure they're worth three years of debt and the lack of cash later when you're (e.g.) thinking about buying a house. The final downside is that you have to look at the quality and location of the work you can get now. If you're in London or a tech hub like Cambridge, it's worth considering. Likewise Bristol, Leeds, Birmingham, Manchester, and so on. Also, international remote. Well worth exploring. Smaller towns - not so much. I'm sure there are small-town jobs with a future, but personally I've never seen one advertised anywhere. So this only works if you have a realistic chance of a job with some prospects. If it's a crappy timewasting job where you learn nothing and get paid peanuts - no. Of course you have to avoid those later too. They don't go away just because you have a degree... tl;dr - if you decide you absolutely have to have a degree, you can always get one later. But the loan is a huge downside, and it can cripple your choices later. It's smart to at least think about avoiding it. If you decide in the end it's worth the cost, you'll be making a conscious decision, not just following the herd. I'd keep applying, just because. But unless things have changed you're not obligated to start a course until you sign up for one. So even if you get offers, you can look around for jobs for the next few months and not sign up for a course if you find something with prospects. I think they're overrated - for teens. I know why we inflict them on kids, but they're hard to appreciate until you're an adult. I know a super-smart fourteen year old. He tells me The Hunger Games and Harry Potter are the best books he's read. When I was in my teens I was reading: Herman Hesse Thomas Mann John Barth (which shows how old I am...) John Irving John Updike Doris Lessing A lot of SF, classic/mainstream and otherwise Literal piles of electronic and computer hobby mags OMNI magazine Articles in Encyclopedia Britannica about tensor analysis and simultaneity which I totally failed to understand A buy-weekly-and-keep popular subscription encyclopedia I talked my parents into getting for me. Of those, OMNI made the biggest impression because it hit an art/science/futurism sweet spot that I haven't seen copied since. (Mondo 2000 was on a different moon of the same planet. Wired is a very poor imitation.) The buy-weekly encyclopedia was unexpectedly useful too, because it covered things like art history and politics I'd never have thought about otherwise. I think 14 is as much about curiosity, creativity and emotions as raw intellect. So if you're just creating a reading list about stuff to think about in a clever way, you're going to be missing a lot of potential for more rounded development. I'd think about experiences as well as books. Go to sports. Go to an opera. Go to art galleries. Go see bands. Travel and have adventures. Go to a political debate. Go see some classical Greek tragedy or comedy. Couch surf with strangers and take the kid along. Go hiking a long way from the Internet. Teach some survival skills. If the 14 yo doesn't want to have the fam along, offer free tickets and travel for them and friends. (Not so much for the travel...) And so on. Leave the compiler theory books for later. It's true those all have better reward profiles than CS. But I'd still consider an apprenticeship instead of a degree for civils and mech eng. >Would you hire an accountant for your business who was just enthusiastic and good with Google? Oddly enough I taught myself basic biz accounting using enthusiasm and Google. The wheels haven't come off yet, so it may not have been a total failure. Bio lab work you can do from school. Bio innovation is a whole other thing and you'd certainly need a good degree for that, if not a PhD. But OP specifically mentioned computing and showed no interest in civils, elect eng, bio, etc. So snarky comments about not knowing that other options are possible are perhaps misplaced. Also, I remain unconvinced by the quality of much degree-level education in the UK. The mid-lower market seems more about getting bums on seats, and high value degrees are not so easy to find. With so much competition from (rich) fee-paying foreign students they're even harder to get onto. You're confusing two unrelated issues - cost of entry, and inequality. Monopoly capitalism is just as good at suppressing new business as government bureaucracy is. Markets with a strong de facto monopoly - like web search, commercial operating systems, telecoms infrastructure, and so on - are completely closed to newcomers who can't access billions in capital. You can be sure there are some very strong business opportunities in those areas, but because capital is so concentrated they will never make it to market while the de facto monopolies remain. >If you let the average person become 1.10x better off, and you do so by letting some people become 10x better off, are you ahead or behind? Also known as the "a rising tide lifts all boats" argument." Sometimes dressed up as "trickle down." Unfortunately Piketty's data proves that the world doesn't work like this, so I'm not sure why you think the question is relevant or interesting. TorrentFreak has a regular round-up of VPNs: http://torrentfreak.com/which-vpn-services-take-your-anonymi... The comments are probably as useful as the main content. Personally I use AirVPN. They're not expensive, the client is open source, and performance seems good enough for casual use. I'm not sure I'd trust any of the usual VPNs if I needed Snowden-level security. But I don't, so casual use is fine. >> It doesn't invalidate the issue or the grievance. >It most certainly does. There's only a grievance if you assume that promotion at somewhere like KP is evidence of empowerment. If it's actually evidence of something else - like being recognised as a member of the nomenklatura on the VC scene - then perhaps it's more evidence of successful conformity than successful empowerment. IMO you don't win at empowerment by playing someone else's game and complaining you lost and that's not fair - you win by creating new games and making the other games irrelevant. Problem: a lot of those items/techniques were exclusively available to the very rich in 1915. The UK still had slums with limited indoor plumbing during the 1950s. It wasn't until the slum clearances of the 1960s that the standard became an indoor bathroom in a house with central heating. The big change between 1915 and 2015 is that the technological GINI coefficient has shrunk so much. Being rich gets you few technological perks. You can buy a supercar or a private jet, but that's a difference of degree, not a difference in absolute access. Most people have cars, and almost everyone can afford to fly. And all but the very poorest have Internet and electronic media access. Likewise for cultural differences. Sexual morality - at least as publicly presented - is completely different now. Work culture is somewhat different. Politics and finance have probably changed least of all. The point being that someone from 1915 may just about be able to understand the Internet and computing. But they're going to have a really tough time learning how to parse Buzzfeed or TechCrunch or Reddit. Never mind what happens when they find PornHub or Tinder. There are three things to learn, not one. The first is what the technology does. The second is the vocabulary of new names and the new concepts used to describe. The last is the social scripting that defines appropriate and inappropriate behaviour. Those last two will take longest and be hardest. I'd expect similar challenges in 2115, with the difference that there's likely to be much more social and political change, and not less. It would surprise me if the definition of "human" hadn't changed fundamentally by then, together with almost everything we think we know today about culture, politics, and economics. It might. It might not. What would the technical and cultural cost of moving to a different toolchain be? The author seems to think that obviously moving to modern tools would be better. Would it? Or would it just add to the chaos? Would build times really improve, would debugging become easier and more streamlined, would issue tracking improve? My guess is that changing the entire culture to the point where there were real, measurable benefits would take from a few months to a year, with a lot of unproductive downtime. The current toolchain is not optimal, but it still sort of works. And in a limited environment like set-top, it will probably continue to work. Bottom line: don't innovate tools for the sake of it. Innovate if it's going to give you more customers and more profit. But not otherwise. I've certainly seen code that made me cry. :) I don't think computer art is a complicated problem. Firstly "hand+brain+physical media" has infinitely more degrees of expressive freedom than "pixel robot." Most pixel robots are really, really dumb. At worst they draw simple filled shapes. At best they run some minimal - probably recursive, but still trivial - algo thing that makes nice pictures. But art is not about making pretty pictures. It's about abstracting and intensifying human experience - which is a completely different problem. Canvas and pigment can be a convenient way to do that, sometimes. Code is never a convenient way to do it, because it's a very rigid and primitive medium explicitly designed to eliminate the subjectivity and intensity art specialises in. So even the most interesting computer art is usually just shapes arranged in some semi-random way. If it has texture at all - often it doesn't - there's absolutely nothing happening under the surface. You can maybe say the same thing about some more abstract work. But you certainly can't say it about art as a whole. Not so much imperfect as deceptively irrelevant. "Growth" has absolutely nothing useful to say about "things getting better for society." Things get better for society when jobs pay well, high quality education is freely accessible, talent and creativity are rewarded, cost of entry for entrepreneurship is low, and ecological support systems are stable. There's nothing even remotely difficult about measuring these factors. "Growth" is just a convenient way to disguise increasing inequality and decreasing economic freedom for the majority of the population. If the growth is never distributed it's a useless metric. Both markets and groups are much better at quantifying power differentials than in assessing information objectively and making useful predictions about the future. This is why groups tend to be dumb. So much energy goes on hierarchical posturing and social signalling that there's relatively little left over for practical intelligence. Orgs that can break through this can do astounding things. But the successes tend to be more rooted in the values of science and engineering as processes than in market processes. Historically, every so often you get an org that works as intelligence amplifier and is more than the sum of individual talents. But this configuration seems to be unstable, and so far as I know no org has ever made it stick as a permanent feature of a business culture. That's probably to do with where the hammers need to hit the strings. Different positions = different harmonic mix = different sound. Of course you could move the hammers with long levers. But a simpler/smaller system is always easier to build and more reliable than a complicated big system. (And it picks up less dust too.) If that were true China would be the most diverse nation on the planet, and the hardest to manage. The problem in the US is the opposite - national policy is almost exclusively influenced by interest groups with very limited intellectual and cultural diversity. There could easily have been a crash space-race type of program of renewables development at any time from the mid-70s onwards. If that had happened, it's likely there would have been astounding developments in collection efficiency and energy storage. But the Jurassic energy cos were never going the loss of face, I mean loss of profits, that would have led to. So - here we are now. Those rings show the area of near total destruction and death. The area of severe damage and less instant fatality is maybe twice as wide. Outside of that there's another ring of significant damage, but the probability of survival increases (as long as you're not near a window when the shockwave hits.) The map also doesn't show fall out or the effects of a possible firestorms. They are the same. Politics is just marketing with taxes and nuclear weapons. >Could you get to near-perfection by simply increasing the number of microphones used? No. Ears are (kind of) point sinks. Which is why dummy head stereo works so well on headphones - it's literally recording the sound that would usually go into your ears, as opposed to normal stereo, which records something that's usefully but rather distantly related to what goes into your ears. Two microphones are enough for that. A side point is that everyone has a slightly different HRTF, so it would be interesting to hear what you'd get with a neutral point sink recording convolved with your HRTF. >Also, could using cheap microphones be compensated by using more of them? No again. Cheap microphones add non-linear distortions and have a limited and inaccurate frequency response. If you use more cheap microphones you just get more of the same. >We have two ears, so most of the psychoacoustic effects we experience in real life are achieved by just stereo recordings. That isn't quite true. Ears have no problem hearing up/down and front/back information. Conventional stereo doesn't include those details. Alternative systems like Ambisonics do. The real reason stereo is so popular is practicality. Two channels are more affordable and easy to distribute than six or twelve. Even when people buy 5.1 surround, they usually compromise with dinky satellites and a big sub. No-compromise surround certainly makes a difference, but for most people it's just not worth the extra money/space. It's a problem of diminishing aesthetic returns. In fact you can get incredible positional effects out of multi-speaker systems that live in university engineering labs. But they're totally impractical for consumer use. Apparently Apple tried to make Watch a better health device with some of those features. But the technology just isn't there yet - at least not in a watch form factor. Obviously a med-lab on your wrist would be a killer device. Unfortunately Watch isn't it. This model is used by any number of "business intelligence" micro-zines - which are basically market tip sheets, with some trend speculation. It can be very lucrative if you get a following. I've seen sites charging four or five figure annual subscription fees for something that probably only takes a day or two a week to put together. So IMV the Econo is really just industrialising that model, with some extra journo-fluff for credibility. It's completely different to being a mainstream headline newsie like The Guardian, with a fundamentally different reader focus. You're not selling news, you're selling the suggestion that you're on the inside track, with access to the thoughts and beliefs of people who make policy and move markets. There's always been something cargo culty about online advertising. If that market implodes, it's going to be... interesting. That's a function of available resources. With more resources for teaching it would be perfectly possible for schools to look for individual talent and work to develop it. Supposedly the better private - public in the UK - schools try to do this already. With fees as they are, they certainly have the resources for it. I know someone who went through public school and was in a music class of exactly two pupils. The school also worked hard to provide relevant professional contacts. So with someone talented, a teacher wouldn't be thinking about limited time, but about whether there were any local startups/companies who might want an intern. It's not disrespect by the teachers, so much as disrespect by a political system that tries to limit these kinds of opportunity to a tiny fraction of the population. See also: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.05245v2.pdf which suggests the FRB dispersions are quantised to a standard unit. A lot of newsies picked this up last week and suggested it was proof of... something unusual. The authors think it suggests the opposite. Given the date, I can't tell if the paper is serious or not. But if it's meant to be serious, the effect seems real - possibly an artefact of a very small sample size, but it's hard to tell. It would be useful to have access to the raw data to see the exact dispersion shape and frequency range, to check whether it matches - say - any standard radar chirp signal. >Ears don't hear up/down and front/back. Actually the shape of the ears enhances that extra information. So it's not just psychoacoustic processing, and ears are not just wetware microphones. >To me, the whole surround audio for consumers is a marketing gimmick That's because Ambisonics - which hardly anyone has heard of now - never made it into the consumer mainstream. Of all possible surround systems, it's by far the best - precisely because done well, it can encode up/down and front/back information in a small number of channels. >The product is easy to reproduce while the act is not. The act is getting easier and easier to reproduce, up to a certain basic level - which seems to be good enough for commercial purposes. The arts have seen an unbelievable explosion of activity. There are more people writing, making art and music, taking photos, creating code, and everything else besides, than ever before - not just by a little, but by an astronomical amount. The problem is that most of the work is eh-okay. Average-and-worse mediocrity is very easy to fine. Basic entertaining competence is less common, but still not rare. And that seems to be all most consumers want - hence the success of 50 Shades of Grey, Twilight, and the rest, and their equivalents in other media. In the past, culture was good at distilling out the extreme talent, so historically the arts have amassed a fine collection of game-changing geniuses, while allowing the eh-okay creators to drop into oblivion. It's Salieri vs Mozart - commercially Mozart was the loser while alive, but not so much a few centuries later. Today it's harder to find a Mozart because the modern equivalent is probably working for an ad agency, and has limited time to produce truly game-changing genius-level work. And it might not sell anyway. And it would probably get lost in the noise even if it did sell. The answer is probably the much-discussed living wage. Let everyone who wants to make art get on with making art full time, without having to worry about starving or being homeless. Most of it will suck, some of it will be okay, a little of it will be jaw-droppingly awesome. tl:dr; It's the socially-enforced dogma that art exists primarily for profit that causes the problems. Get rid of that, and a lot of the issues go away. Do you realise you've just said that no one can trust anything you say to them, because they can never be sure if you're misleading them for your personal benefit? It's like the Wild West of Tech because it's easy money for scammers, thieves, liars, and frauds - all of whom love easy money. I don't think you can make a revolution work by handing it over to sociopaths and then wondering where all your value went. You probably need something more subtle. Still - BTC is interesting because altcurrency is the future, and mainstream banking is going down within 20-30 years. But it's going to be something more reliable than BTC that kills it. BTC is a premonition, not the real deal. "For decades in art circles it was either a rumour or a joke, but now it is confirmed as a fact. The Central Intelligence Agency used American modern art - including the works of such artists as Jackson Pollock, Robert Motherwell, Willem de Kooning and Mark Rothko - as a weapon in the Cold War. In the manner of a Renaissance prince - except that it acted secretly - the CIA fostered and promoted American Abstract Expressionist painting around the world for more than 20 years." Source here: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/modern-art-was-cia-w... The irony is they're not really photorealistic. If you took a photo of those exact scenes you wouldn't get that look, because the light has been deliberately abstracted and exaggerated. They're actually more like vintage painted Instagrams, enhanced in an unnatural way for effect. E.g. The Menzel has obvious impressionist features, especially in the background and the smoke around the ceiling. The von Werner has very weird lighting, with a source behind the viewer, or possibly off to the left, or the right, and another equally bright daylight source from the room behind. This is not to be critical - they're both very good. But they both have abstracted light and form, and neither is a pure representation of physical realism. If you want photorealism, Van Eyck pretty much nailed it in the 15th century. Which is kind of the point with art - you get more points for inventing a new visual language, not for copying an existing one. That's why Picasso is so famous - he totally killed traditional representation when he was starting out. But it was too easy and boring for him, so he moved on to other kinds of painting and drawing. Modernism is partly about violently stripping away non-essentials, so first we had Guernica, then Rothko - and now we have Jony Ive and Material trailing along at the end of the trend, before everyone rediscovers 3D about five years from now. Pressed 1, 5, 6 Got 142 Interesting idea, but might need more work. What percentage of industry-standard incompetent programmers have college degrees? If it's a large proportion, doesn't that say something about the quality of intake, education, and qualification in college CS? There's a difference between (photo)realism as a goal and Photorealism as a modern school. In art history, you won't often you find someone explaining what Estes, Close and those guys from the 60s and 70s were trying to do without also seeing a nod to Van Eyck and Vermeer. Amused I got downvotes for pointing out a bug. :) This. Bleeding Edge is full of laugh out louds - and possibly of some minor interest to HN. Keeping consumers safe from the horror of an international poster monopoly? His mistake wasn't creating a cartel, it was using big league price-fixing tactics while being a minor league player - or for impersonating a giant corporation while being a little person. That will get you a nasty sentence if you try it and get caught. Actual price-fixing by corporates is hardly rare, and it doesn't seem to attract much regulator interest. See e.g. http://www.computerworld.com/article/2485343/technology-law-... That's gneiss. As a FYI I have my browser set on a small perma-zoom on HN. Otherwise the text is on the wrong side of being too small to read. So no, I didn't set out to break it to score clever points - it just didn't work for me. In the US jails are for-profit. Justice is secondary - never mind rehabilitation. So while costs come out of taxes, those tax revenues are paid to benefit prison shareholders and managers. Bow does the public benefit from this arrangement? It doesn't exist to prevent crime. In fact it increases it by labelling low-impact activities like marijuana possession as serious crimes deserving of jail time. Jail vs not-jail is a false dichotomy, because reality-tested alternatives do exist. See e.g. http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/apr/06/glasgow-murde... I'm unconvinced this is a better solution than sliding a finger along the side of the bezel - or possibly around the entire rim, for different functions. Considering the technology in the crown, it's possible this would have been cheaper and more reliable as well as a better fit for the haptic features in the rest of the design. That's my main concern about WATCH. The apps for it don't exist yet, and it's possible they never will. A pocket computer with a touch screen is a general computing device. But there's very little anyone can do with a watch-sized consumer product - especially if it lacks extras like really good fitness and health hardware. I totally get the potential of haptic wearables, but WATCH seems like a 0.5 product with some eccentric design choices that's still on the wrong side of industrial practicality - not like a product with enough awesome to appeal outside the fan/early adopter crowd. I'm sure Cook & Co are thinking of it as a beach head, not a finished battle. But even so - it has to entice a critical mass of consumers or there will be no follow-ups. >And the other options are...? Nobody knows. Consider: 1. We don't know everything about physics. 2. We don't even know how much we don't know about physics. I'd be surprised if alien civs didn't do at least a few things that are hard to imagine on 21st century Earth. Some would be more or less mainstream, like balloon staging: http://www.gizmag.com/zero2infinity-balloon-rocket-launch/34... Others could be much weirder - possibly incomprehensible without a few years of science exchange. I realise this is idle speculation, but it's impossible not to wonder if aliens would be alien , technologically and in other possible ways. Most corporate accounting and MBA-think is incoherent. Companies full of ego maniacs eat themselves alive from the inside out. It takes a while for small problems to become big problems, but I think the Apple of 2025 is going to look more like today's Hp or Yahoo than the Apple of 2015. iTunes killed my music collection. Two weeks wasted after iTunes turned the rips into a jumble of random files. Of course I shouldn't have clicked the "Allow iTunes to manage..." button. Was it obvious what it would do? No. It wasn't. When you try to load apps from a device and it already has apps from the same device but a different session, you get an alert warning you about... something that doesn't make sense. The correct option is to cancel, then iTunes goes ahead and syncs everything correctly. Since when did Cancel mean Go ahead with Plan A? Also, the app screen manager. To move apps you have to: Click a screen with the app Wait for it to zoom Drag the app Wait for the target screen to zoom Wait for the other apps to shuffle around Drop the app Why is the zooming necessary? Why can't you just drag and drop without zooming? Why does the zooming cover some screens, so sometimes you can't drop the app on the one you want? Why can't you make folders in the file space of apps, and drag and drop files to/from the folders? Why can't you drag and drop a load of files at once? And so on. So many elements of the design should be in textbooks as classic examples of how not to make a UI. Looks like ad-free subscription-view, mostly - I guess - for video "shows", taking a cut and distributing some percentage to creators. The blog page doesn't make this obvious. Clicking around helps, but maybe not quite enough. Not sure where the digital art element comes in. To most people that means still image fine art or maybe animation. (Or possibly all those brightly coloured half-naked pixie and fantasy character artworks that are all over Deviant Art, depending.) The model might work, but taking on YouTube and Vimeo is brave and ambitious, especially considering they're moving to a subscription model themselves. (Never mind Netflix...) "IOW there is nothing dated about it" I'm surprised someone thinks this. To me most of it looks obviously dated, and very much a spindly and kitschy consumer product of Cold War suburbia. It has very little of the purity of real modernism: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_furniture As for Stein - not everyone was impressed by her contribution: http://www.romanianculture.org/downloads/testimony_against_g... Top selling != widely used. A table of chord progressions that took into account sales figures would look very different. >Sheep is a great, underrated novel. Brunner is a great, underrated writer, well ahead of the curve on cyberpunk, econo-politics, and libertarian dystopias - and even further, on ideas that are so far into the future they aren't even part of the futurology zeitgeist yet. It could be the exception that proves the rule: http://atlas.wolfram.com/01/01/34/01_01_1_34.html But not film B&W, which has a different colour and contrast response to "let's remove all the saturation" viewfinder B&W. Personally I'm happy with a 100% digital workflow. In fact these days I take most photos on an iPhone, and leave the SLR at home. But I also know that film and optical filtering look different. . You can produce an imitation of a film look with digital processing. But it's an imitation. There are subtleties of colour, grain, contrast/brightness response, and differential colour resolution that are very complicated. And different films respond in different ways. Everyone can see the difference between digital, budget Kodak, and a roll of Fujifilm Velvia. And if you're shooting medium or large-format, that's a different ballgame again. Don't believe me? Take some pictures of a fire. The film and digital versions will look completely different. Is it worth the effort? For snappy snaps, certainly not. Digital kills it for convenience. But if I worked as high-end commercial landscape, architectural, or art photographer, I'd certainly consider film for at least some projects. >Why has digital life removed substance? I have no idea about the how, but it's not hard to understand that bits are fragile and totally dependent on a huge network of many technologies. I spent last week in Europe looking at ancient buildings and incredible art. Some of this stuff is literally millennia old - but people are still queuing around the block to see it. If you build something out of atoms, that sucker stays there - not quite forever, but some combinations of atoms can easily outlast many human lifetimes. Compare that with bits, where file formats, storage media, operating systems, and basic hardware all keep changing and content preservation is hit and miss. (I have video files from the late 1990s that are unplayable now.) Code is even more fragile, especially if it's heavily OS- or framework-specific. So people like physical stuff. It can survive without power or a reader device. That makes it more reassuring than a transient digital content blip that's gone before your kids have had a chance to experience it.