Except the self-fixing process you claim to be characteristic of physical institutional learning only happens when there is a significant number of people in the class that are A) In a position to think confidently and critically about the material B) willing to invest time and effort (often lots of both) in finding the correct conclusion and C) in contact with you about their insights. I have found the confluence of those factors to happen exceedingly rarely in physical classes and significantly less rarely in hybrid physical/online classes. This isn't surprising because lectures place severe limitations on two-way communication that online environments don't. With a traditional class structure (lecture/discussion section) I suspect at least 3/4 of questions go unasked and at least 3/4 of the received answers never get shared beyond the immediate group of individuals doing the asking (in comparison to an online forum, where the answers are googleable or at the very least spread to the entire class). Also, online learning wins in the limiting case where courses have been iterated and feedback / FAQs taken into account. In a brick and mortar institution, "institutional memory" is effectively lost as professors retire or shift interests (if it ever existed in the first place) and their replacements introduce their own slew of idiosyncrasies, poor methodology, and misconceptions. In contrast, an online lecture never suffers this degradation. Sure, new lectures may replace old lectures (presumably at different sites), but both will be available for a time and during that time, students will pick up on inconsistencies. That's not true of brick-and-mortar lectures, where the only source by which a student can verify the material they are presented is the textbook or its alternatives. Combined with the tendency of courses to discourage reading the textbook (it's almost always a less point-efficient use of time to read textbook chapters than to do homework, practice problems, and go to office hours, which provide information better matched to the material that will be tested on), the status quo is a recipe for failure. My experiences confirm that this recipe for failure produces failure (in the pedagogical sense). The third factor that favors online learning with regard to misconceptions are its twin killer features: the pause button and the rewind button. These reduce self-inflicted misconceptions tenfold. So, sp322, I think the opposite of what you stated is true. I would welcome a conflicting opinion, because usually when I go on rants similar to the above three paragraphs all I get are nodding heads. For me, the primary reason I switched to dvorak was to force myself to touch-type. It worked, but I generally agree that there it doesn't make a substantive difference for most day-to-day tasks. That said, I really do prefer typing in dvorak. You can feel the difference in number of off-home key presses -- it shows up in your wrists. The difference isn't subtle. "This is a test sentence" has 1 off-home keypress in dvorak and 13 in qwerty. This effect is pronounced enough that passwords, names with foreign spellings, and other types of entropic text are noticeably more awkward to type in dvorak (versus in qwerty, where all text "feels" roughly the same to type). Again, dvorak may not make much of an objective difference as far as health or WPM are concerned, but the feel is enough to make the inconvenience worth it to me. EDIT: I see the post below me mentions keyboard shortcuts. They were the biggest sticking point for me and they remain the largest compatibility hassle when I have to use a qwerty computer. I would rate the frustration of having to think about shortcuts just slightly below the frustration of having to work with UIs that don't support emacs editing shortcuts, FWIW. Your argument is both irrelevant and incomplete. The parent claimed that a greater level of immigration would likely have dramatic electoral consequences. You implied that the current level of immigration does not have dramatic electoral consequences. These claims are completely orthogonal. Furthermore, the latter implication (which I assume you made on the basis that it is the only way the rest of your post conceivably supports the claim that the parent argument is bullshit) doesn't follow from the fact that the electoral consequences of immigration represent a continuation of an existing trend. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Znby3t3AS5s ♫♫♫ Uncertainty is not so odd as long as we're aware position and momentum are a Fourier transform pair So anything that tightens our precision on the one means certainty about the other value gets undone ♫♫♫ Still, I'm not sure I approve of your suggestion to use this physical property of the universe as a basis for intuition. The reasons why quantum mechanics "works" are far, far more difficult to understand, internalize, and accept than the concepts behind the DFT which only really requires an understanding of first-semester linear algebra. In other words, I expect that the set of people who understand QM at this level but do not understand the DFT is nearly empty. If you actually meant to go the other way (use the properties of the FT/DFT to gain an understanding of QM) then I completely agree with everything you said, of course. Perhaps this was left as an exercise for the reader? It seems to follow quite closely from the same intuition: after you have averaged the points on the imaginary plane you get a point that you can can represent as (r,theta). Theta is the phase portion. It's just the direction of the constructively interfering peak. Hmm, it's interesting that you found yourself disappointed by Asimov's treatment of chaos. I can't help but suspect that you may have missed something when you first read it. I know I certainly did. Actually, Asimov's treatment of chaos is what sold me on hard scifi. Here are some of the high points that directly address your concerns: 1) The "thermodynamic" explanation of psychohistory (small, unpredictable actions "average out" in some sense) was bullshit even inside Asimov's fictional universe. It was merely an excuse that Seldon used to get the Foundation placed where he wanted it so that #2 could happen. The fact that the characters in-universe continued to buy in to the deception could have confused you (it certainly confused me). In my final analysis I consider this a stroke a brilliance on Asimov's part, even if it was introduced retroactively (I don't remember if this was the case). 2) Seldon's plan didn't rely on precise predictions of any kind (broad or narrow). He simply had to ensure that the set of probable broad predictions led to the next attractor state (Seldon crisis) so that intervening chaotic deviations could be neglected for the purposes of computing the subsequent ~50 years. For instance, the metaphorical pebble-in-the-shoe-that-loses-the-war would be handled by ensuring that both outcomes of the war led to the next Seldon crisis. In fact, this is the very subject of the 2nd book in the series. 3) The "random events such as mutation" that you suspect would spoil Seldon's predictions form the driving force behind the plot of the 3rd, 4th, and 5th books in the series. While Seldon's solution can hardly be considered elegant, it was somewhat effective and more believable than a great many things I'd be willing to suspend disbelief over. It makes for good reading in any case. Your conclusion that psychohistory was more of a "what if" than a serious proposal holds true but I still think you haven't given Asimov enough credit for subtlety in addressing the chaos problem. > it's refreshing to hear someone who is willing to say what he believes > echo chamber in the tech community Do you really believe that the "echo chamber" happens because people lie about their beliefs to fit in? I couldn't disagree more. I'm fairly certain the "echo chamber" happens because we share backgrounds, information sources, and inferential technique, leading us to share conclusions as well. It would be fair to call our community "too homogenous/narrow" but it's equally incorrect and insulting to imply that the majority viewpoint persists through popularity alone. As for the article, you're correct that his perspectives are "realistic" in that I believe they are shared by many people in the investor class. However, they're completely self-serving and unaligned with the common good. In that sense I see his opinions as roughly morally equivalent to the cries of "redistribute all the wealth to eliminate poverty" that occur in different contexts. For instance, he predicts that we will "run out of capacity" for our data hungry apps. SO BUILD MORE CAPACITY, DAMMIT. If that means redistributing spectrum, so be it. Match supply with demand. That's what markets are supposed to do. I'm sure investors would love to ride the bubble formed by artificially restricted supply but they do so at the cost of everyone else. It's sickening to see him pretend that he's forwarding a common interest by opposing net neutrality. Ditto for his comments on the workforce. None of his other opinions (1,5,6,7,8) seem terribly controversial so I've ignored them. >note that I'm not arguing about the harshness of the sentence Yes you are -- albeit implicitly. You're arguing against a straw man that takes the extreme position that what he did was "OK". Very few people here (and certainly not "a large portion of the internet") believe that. Even the post that triggered this discussion didn't call his actions "OK", even though richforrester understated the severity of the "hacker"'s actions. "Cognitive dissonance"? Even if I were to admit that your proposed situations was analogous -- and I don't -- you're making the dubious assumption that the majority of us believe 10 years is an appropriate sentence for the physical crime but not the virtual crime. I happen to believe 10 years would be steep (understatement) in any case and I suspect I'm not alone. You think about them: "How weak." They think about you: "How lucky." You're both somewhere between half correct and entirely correct. > Quit blaming the economy. > With enough determination and will, you will find a way. Or you will make one. You seem awfully certain of that. I can't help but wonder if this view derives primarily from confirmation bias or if it represents an accurate appraisal of the market. I think your conclusion holds with regard to the tech sector (most of us probably do) but I'm much less convinced that it generalizes. There's no cosmic entity guaranteeing that "a way" is present, only the economy. It's pointless to argue over the particular combination of self-reliant traits and opportunity that leads to success, but ignoring the correlation between the economy, opportunity, and success, is obnoxious and leads to short-sighted and self-serving policy positions. > it has taken talent, drive, hard work, and sacrifice to capitalize on the opportunity presented to me. See, here's the problem: there's a positive feedback loop between opportunity and success and down at the "no success" (poor) end of the spectrum the availability of opportunity is strongly determined by the economy. Talent takes time and resources to develop, drive takes resources to exploit, and hard work has no inherent value. You can't capitalize on something you you don't have. For the poor, acquiring resources means having a job, and it's possible for the conditions around that to be shitty enough to inhibit progress along self-determined directions even for the most driven of individuals. Nobody would argue that Chinese wage-slaves or starving African children are simply failing to capitalize on readily available opportunities. For less extreme examples of opportunity deprivation, less extreme conclusions still hold. Just because the tech sector is in a fairly rosy position right now doesn't mean we should bury our heads in the sand and pretend like our victories are due to "superiority of drive" or "understanding of value". We should fight to increase the amount of opportunity available to society's poorest members. Sometimes this means offering resources necessary for "bootstrapping". Other times it means chopping down barriers to entry by punishing anti-competitive and monopolistic behavior. I don't believe our society does nearly enough of either. I know that your post wasn't advocating a political position and was instead observing that a certain attitude is best for self-development. HOWEVER, I see way too many people who get drunk on the combination of this attitude with confirmation bias and then proceed to take the short-sighted and self-serving policy positions I mentioned earlier. End rant. This. In high school I was forced to take AP Human Geography (I was meeting a requirement) and I was genuinely shocked to discover just how much geography mattered. Cost of living, cost of health care, job availability, industrial economics, EVERYTHING is a function of geography. Not in a subtle way, either: economic metrics that I thought would vary merely by 5% or 10% often varied by factors of 2 or 3 (health care) or 10 (for industry). If you are willing to optimize the geography function but haven't computed the value of doing so, you're missing out big time. Confidential discussion with the company seems like the best option -- if you're Dropbox. To Dropbox's users, immediate and full disclosure is the best policy. The bug reporter needs to choose between these extremes based on the nature of the bug and I think you're oversimplifying matters by claiming the bug reporter should always cater to the company's interests (even if professional courtesy demands granting them some leniency). Factors suggesting immediate disclosure is appropriate: 1) High benefit of informing users (high severity bug, easily avoided if you know about it) 2) Low impact of misinformation (most of us will check back to see how the story unfolds) 3) Bad faith on Dropbox's part (they knew about this, they knew how much their customers would benefit from disclosure, yet they failed to carry through) Do they disguise metadata as well? File size, name, and directory layout would be more than enough to identify particular files (or at least enough to obtain a warrant to force mega to push trojan client software). I'm sure they've considered this but if someone has seen an article or post analyzing the client side encryption I'd love to read it. > All Ur Base Stations R Belong 2 Us FTFY If you draw a box around labour and management and compute the relative bargaining power of each group, child labour worsens the bargaining position of labour (by increasing supply). It is in the collective interests of China's poor (children and adults alike) to see child labour ended. What you have noticed is something completely different: it may be advantageous for an individual family to send their child to work. Restrictions on child labour put the system out of Nash equilibrium but they perform better globally with respect to helping the poor. This paradox manifests itself in many places; I suspect, given that this is Hacker News, that you may be familiar with a few of them already. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braess%27s_paradox The critical conclusion that free markets search for nash equilibria but NOT global optima is highly relevant to fiscal philosophy and entrepreneurship. > if people allow that police work necessitate some ugliness at times The silent majority can and does realize this. Proof: http://mashable.com/2013/02/01/reddit-atlanta-mall-manager-t... I've seen this happen a number of times on reddit. Someone claims police brutality, the thread escalates to the main page, then eventually dies down with the top few posts taking a cool-headed stance. In fact, there have been times when I have found my own opinion on the less moderate side of the hivemind's consensus, and I consider myself fairly trigger-shy when it comes to criticizing the police for doing their job (possibly because I've never been on the wrong side of an arrest). I've heard the claim repeated many times that "democratic oversight" could never work because people, in general, are too soft-hearted to understand the realities of policework. It just doesn't ring true to me: if anything, people tend to ignore violence if it has nothing to do with them. It makes sense to allow collaboration in some contexts (homework) while forbidding it in other contexts (test taking). This way, students are rewarded for working together yet are still have an incentive to make sure they aren't simply letting their partners do the work at the expense of their own understanding (intentionally or not). The cheating happened in a testing context. Other parts of the class would have emphasized the collaborative aspect of learning, and I'm sure this contributed to the widespread consensus that sharing answers was OK, despite written instructions to the contrary. * Google maps for the interiors of buildings. * Recording. Glasses make it difficult to tell if someone is recording, making the act socially acceptable in many places it would otherwise not be. My guess is that the cumulative time cost of SSL doesn't exceed millions of dollars. On the other hand, if you believe that over-classification undermines the democratic process to the extent that wars have consequently been fought against the USA's self interest, the cost of over-classification could easily wander into the trillions of dollars (and tens to hundreds of thousands of lives). I think it's reasonable to neglect the time cost of SSL in this comparison. Horses are able to provide more than muscle power! They can tread over ground unsuited to the most primitive vehicles. They can fit in narrow spaces, they don't require petroleum, and they have enough intelligence to avoid certain kinds of absentminded user error. They are animals and they have personalities that machines will never have. Surely someone could find new uses for old horses, after all they are organic and adaptable in a way that machines aren't. And somebody did find new jobs for those horses! 2% of them, at least. The balance got slaughtered. You can wave your hands and argue that the jobs are out there or will appear given sufficient creativity, but the market simply doesn't care about the faith you have placed in it. Your optimism doesn't control the unemployment level. We have to prepare for the eventuality that the jobs don't materialize, and we have to do it in a way that doesn't heap perverse incentives onto the unemployed while choking off the very consumption that fuels the economy in the first place. Wow. I didn't think of that before, but it fits. Yahoo's reputation, at least in the eye of the public, largely consists of being a failed competitor to google, a has-been. Hiring Marissa Mayer certainly got the tech world excited, but I'm not sure that excitement spread far beyond those who were already familiar with her in the context of her work at google. This acquisition answers the skeptical question I think many of us were asking ourselves: how will yahoo shed its reputation as a has-been and get people to give it a second chance? This is how. This says "we're young and exciting again" more effectively than a high-budget series of TV ads and billboards ever could. Maybe it doesn't send quite that message to the jaded startup crowd, but it certainly sends it to the tech bloggers and interested bystanders, who are the people yahoo is after in the first place. The message is even stronger because of the timing with respect to google reader. I haven't yet decided weather or not I want to believe that it was planned all along. My intent is not to diminish Nick's accomplishment, although in the name of full disclosure I freely admit jealousy (who wouldn't?). I'd categorize it under both deserving and lucky, with the proviso that "deserving and unlucky" is a rather large category. Good job, Nick, although you certainly don't need to hear it from me :) I still have to reserve my loudest (virtual) applause for yahoo. This is a brilliant move with brilliant timing which has already generated more hype than I would have expected yahoo to be able to pull off had you asked me only a week ago. Bravo. Maybe they actually do have a turn-around in their future. Maybe. I'll probably have lost my knee-jerk enthusiasm by tomorrow, but I'm not ready to back down from my opinion quite yet. The parent post resonated with me because it made me realize that, in just the past few hours, I had already overheard / participated in three separate conversations with nontechnical people regarding the acquisition. In one of those conversations, someone expressed a desire to check out the app. I can't remember the last time a non-apple product hit that level of visibility. In my neck of the woods (obviously not a representative statistical sample of anything) this story achieved something extraordinary for yahoo, and if it generalizes at anywhere near the same level of effectiveness I could easily believe that it was worth the money. I'm sure that a significant portion of the acquisition price came from the quality of the app as opposed to publicity (it IS a great app), but I simply don't believe that Yahoo AND Summly didn't know/care about the publicity potential, and by extension I believe it impacted the purchase decision and pricing. > How many people here are compulsively comparing themselves to what it depicts? sigh Me. I can't help myself. > The people that connect people, things (i.e. capital), and ideas are not naturally less valuable than the people that come up with ideas or who have things I don't think anyone would argue that glue is naturally less valuable. The problem is that our current economic structure treats glue as if it creates approximately ALL of the value because we haven't figured out a good way to split value between different stages of the pipeline (IP isn't a good way). Over-investing in glue is bad insofar as it comes at the expense of investing in fundamental technologies/research. Since our (over)valuation of glue currently places a rather heavy opportunity cost on performing said research and endorses the "academia is a waste" attitude, I tend to agree that our economy is too focused on glue. I'm not sure I understand what you mean by "culture loaded," could you expand on that? For instance (this may come across as snide although I do not intend it that way), is typing the word "I" in lower case and omitting spaces after periods a cultural thing? I would assume that nobody would use such a "style" in an essay on a standardized test, but then again I would have assumed that nobody would use such informal technique while arguing for the equivalence of a different writing style, since one would presumably want to criticize from a position of mastery to avoid accusations of making self-serving arguments. It is true that spoken English contains many informalities that become inappropriate in the context of writing, but this observation holds regardless of ethnic influence on the spoken dialect. Everyone has to filter what they write to achieve the tone of formality. I certainly don't speak with the same formality I use in my writing, and I suspect you don't either. If you want to argue that the culture in middle/upper class suburbia gives its children an advantage with respect to writing English, I would agree. I would suggest that the problem should be addressed by raising standards in inner city / rural environments, rather than by lowering them at universities, which would only serve to fuel attitudes of resentment and entitlement. > The very bright poor that i personally know avoid the top schools because they require too many essays What does this necessarily have to do with being poor? I know plenty of "lazy" rich people that avoid the same applications for the same reasons. How do you propose that culturally induced hesitation be distinguished from laziness? How should admissions boards distinguish between cultural influence and poor technique in an applicant's writing? These questions aren't rhetorical, I would love to hear answers, since I can think of none. > The smart but poor have high critical reading and Math scores, but very low writing aptitude test scores. I know plenty of people who share this profile for reasons that have nothing to do with being poor. I, myself tend towards this end of the score spectrum and I do not come from a poor family. Instead, my scores look like they do simply because I chose to focus my efforts in school on math and the sciences rather than on writing. Are you sure this is not the case with the people you were referring to? > writing scores are massively arbitrary I disagree, especially in the context of standardized tests. Sure, it wold be nearly impossible to objectively determine the difference in quality between two well-written articles or books on the same subject, but these media have little to do with the writing on the SAT or ACT, where you are given a generic prompt and asked to produce an essay under fairly intense time pressure. You will be forced to make tradeoffs between flow, source incorporation, structure, diction, angle of attack, and so on. The only people for whom these tradeoffs don't apply are at the low or high end of the score spectrum anyway. Most of these tradeoffs can be evaluated in a somewhat objective manner: were there transition sentences? Were multiple sources incorporated into the argument? Did the writer maintain flow despite the time constraints? Doing all of this for a full-length essay under time contsraints is incredibly difficult, and I am fairly certain that ranking people by the extent to which they manage these objectives provides an internally consistent measure of writing skill (possibly unrelated to applications in which you would actually use writing, but that's another issue). Back when I was applying to college, I remember being quite surprised at how straightforward the rubrics were. I was consistently able to predict my score immediately before/after completing the essay, both in the context of practice essays and for the "real deal". There was nothing arbitrary about it. I knew what my objectives were, and I knew weather or not I was achieving them, so long as I was willing to be brutally honest with myself. > although one of my AP practice tests was deserving of a nine (out of nine), I almost assuredly would have gotten a four This doesn't pass my smell test. I suspect that there was more wrong with your essay than a double citation. Perhaps you made redundant arguments in addition to using the same source twice? Then you would suffer penalties under structure, flow, AND source usage. In any case, I think that your teacher might have been trying to say "there are only a few details between you and a 9" rather than "this one detail separates a 4 and a 9." Agreed. Now the hard part: how do we do it? /Ivy grad > I know the idea that conservatives are persecuted by liberal academics is a popular one. But isn't it more likely that what the article is talking about is due to rural vs urban or academic vs non-academic backgrounds and experiences rather than liberal vs conservative ideology? I tend to agree, but I haven't read the source cited by the article. If anyone here has easy access to Epenshade's book, I'd love to hear how rigorous the "4H,ROTC decreased P(admission) by 65%" result was. 87 Espenshade (2009) p. 126. > In other words, are Harvard admissions people rejecting 4-H club members because they assume they're Sarah Palin loving conservatives, or because the Harvard admissions people didn't participate in 4-H clubs and don't know much about them? A third possibility: admissions people don't believe that generic "leadership" clubs are worthwhile, leading to a perceived bias towards clubs with more specific purposes than being line-items on college applications. We could test this hypothesis by looking for differential performance between 4H and ROTC and between 4H and NHS (Natl. Honor Society, the prevalent line-item club at my high school, which was not rural). I used ROTC as an example of something that was decidedly not a generic leadership club, sorry I didn't make that clear. My opinion of 4H was based on 10 seconds of skimming their website, but in that time the generic terminology and cheap selling points targeted towards parents were enough to turn my stomach. It's possible that their website is just targeted towards a different audience, but you would have to convince me. > they demand substantial amounts of time and effort That doesn't exclude the possibility that they are a generic leadership club. A leadership club that didn't demand time and effort would be entirely fraudulent rather than simply having dubious value. > and give achievements for the mastery of specific skills. If it's like the Scouts, I'm tossing it in with "generic leadership club" unless they provide a metric by which I can judge the engagement and independence of an individual within their system. Part of what I would want to see from an applicant would be personal goals outside of the framework of the institutions surrounding them. The ability of the individual to bend the institution to those goals would then count as the type of leadership I think colleges are after. They want people who will use the resources around them to do interesting things, not people who aim to collect every badge in the pile. The pollution of the term "leadership" by those seeking to sell educational experiences is regrettable. Got your morse code badge? Not leadership. In charge of a group of kids learning morse code? Possibly leadership, depending on how much initiative you took to go beyond provided materials. Started a morse code club, created a curriculum for newcomers, advertised, handled paperwork / fund acquisition to get materials & go to a morse code contest? Leadership! I take it back; looks like you're correct: http://apcentral.collegeboard.com/apc/public/repository/samp... Still, the fact that the grading scale places an unwarranted amount of emphasis on citation doesn't make it arbitrary or less concrete, so I think my point still stands. Students taking the exam should know that rubric inside and out, so I think it's fair even though the requirement isn't directly related to writing. Arbitrary requirements are part of life. Students also have to wear clothes during the exam even though you don't need clothes to write; I'm sure many great authors have done their best work in a state of dress that would be completely unacceptable in an AP exam. I'll accept that essays can be used a legal excuse for nativism, quotas, affirmative action, anti-rural bias, and so on. The question is weather or not they are being used to effect anti-rural bias, and I'm not convinced that is the case. > stop discriminating hiring practices There's the rub. You have powerful, entrenched players working to protect their own interests. Even more importantly, ignoring cues like an Ivy education reduces the SNR for hiring managers who are already overwhelmed by noise. Stopping discrimination will require them to do additional difficult, thankless vetting work. In the tech world, github makes this relatively painless, though not entirely effort-free. Perhaps such a system could be extended to legal and regulatory fields? A central platform for open source laws, regulations, and debates would do the trick. The difficult part would be getting people to use it. Maybe you could start by targeting law schools and debate clubs, giving them an easy way to visualize the back-and-forth of an argument, and then try to use that traction to move into the public sphere? I seem to recall hearing about a few sites trying to do this, but evidently none of them have reached critical mass yet. But that's just it -- the various existing implementations of the Grammar of Graphics have solid, proven implementations, tutorials, documentation, and Q/A collections on Stack Overflow. From my admittedly brief impressions of Vega, the procedural implementations also seem to be more concise. Tack on the benefits of a procedural REPL when you're doing exploratory data analysis or nontrivial manipulations and it becomes very hard to justify the switch. Like most everyone here I think Vega would be much better suited to the role of an intermediate target format for higher-level tools. A lot. It has been a year since I last used Qt, but given the frequency with which I hit bumps in their integration with OSX, I'm quite sure that they haven't all been fixed by now. Keyboard shortcuts, drawers, and focus passing would randomly fail to work, since Qt was welded into the Cocoa event system and sometimes missed rather important edge cases. For instance, pressing the Esc key was programatically indistinguishable from clicking the 'Ok' button in custom drawers. More often, power-user shortcuts were overridden, didn't respect configuration changes, or entirely absent. Some views (table view IIRC) didn't even try to exactly mimic the native look and feel. Menus worked in fundamentally different ways on different platforms: if somebody designed an app to work on Windows, which does menus on a per-window basis rather than globally, menus would randomly appear/disappear on OSX. Oviously this wouldn't be a problem if all your users knew about it, but they won't. Integration with launch services was absent or crippled. Docking windows required tons of theming if you didn't want them to look like crap. Sometimes constraints or conventions imposed by cocoa were overridden, leading to subtle differences in the positioning of button text and so on. I spent 2 person-days hunting down the cause of a 2-pixel border between the edge of one view and the window backing; the hunt ended in failure when I realized that I would have to monkeypatch or completely replace Qt's layout system in order to get the view snug against the edge. Sometimes Qt's abstraction layer led to unacceptable performance tradeoffs that would be easy to solve on any given platform but were simply not addressed in the Qt API. In general, the UI design tools didn't enforce platform-specific conventions and were miles behind XCode in terms of ease-of-use. I had a few problems that weren't specific to integration, but they were just as frustrating. The documentation, while great for an open source project, was still far behind the status quo for native libraries. I found their documentation on coordinate systems very difficult to understand (in comparison with the Cocoa documentation) and sometimes it was just plain wrong, e.g. about mouse event propagation within graphics views (and you would think that would be a fairly heavily trafficked page, no?). If you want your Qt app to seem native, you had better be prepared to dig through Qt itself and patch its deficiencies. This often means being intimately familiar with the native libraries, since the bugs reside at edge-cases the Qt devs weren't thinking about when they wrote the code. Honestly, if I had to do it all over again, I think I would have just insisted coding the front end twice using native libraries and development libraries each time. I never expected the UI to translate perfectly and effortlessly from one platform to another, since (as you mention) that's clearly impossible due to divergent design decisions in the platforms themselves. However, it is not inconceivable that one could maintain a unified codebase and use a few platform-specific hacks to ensure that your app "philosophically matched" each OS. Quite possibly, one could still save net effort by implementing these patches vs maintaining a split codebase. If this were the case, I would be happy with Qt and I would sing its praise. My difficulty with Qt stemmed mostly from the bugs. It simply lacked the polish of Cocoa and .NET in a way which noticeably and negatively impacted productivity. "Platforms are different" is no excuse for incorrect documentation, layout engines that are 1-2 pixels off at the edges, broken/incomplete keybindings, missing integration with launch services, and so on. I have the utmost respect for the Qt team -- I wouldn't have guessed that anyone could come so close to unifying the major UI kits -- but Qt still fell short of where it needed to be if it wanted to compete with the native toolkits. There is a supply/demand problem in this approach: finding a unique project for every student or group of students that A) Uses the libraries or techniques the students need to learn about B) Hasn't already been done or requires meaningful improvement C) Doesn't need to be done with stiff reliability or time constraints D) Doesn't involve an excessive proportion of uneducational grunt-work is an incredibly difficult challenge, and solutions simply won't scale. Besides, there is moral hazard involved: you don't want the system to devolve into a free labor source, yet the incentives for those in charge are aligned to encourage development in that direction. You go to school to learn techniques that are difficult to learn on the job and that you are unlikely to learn on the job, goals which are subverted by having students work in what begins to look more and more like an unpaid (or negatively paid) intership. Err, I thought verlet was just an integration technique? How does it translate into a "very different beast"? I guess I'm still having trouble understanding where the complexities arise. I have no difficulty believing that they do arise, but I would like to understand how it happens if you're willing to take the time to explain. I would think that rigid bodies -- either perfectly rigid or semi-rigid via springs & struts -- would not handle all that differently in verlet since force is explicit (typo on your part?) and a v/p estimate is available from the last position, albeit with a bit more phase lag than usual. Does the phase lag induce nasty oscillations or something? Cool, thanks for the link! Artistic water simulation and scientific/engineering fluid simulation tend to be mutually exclusive in that they optimize for different objectives. Typically, a solution in one domain is ill-suited for the other. For instance, the "Stable Fluids" trick leads to desirable artistic properties (fluid behavior more closely matches stage direction = active energy input) at the expense of systematic inaccuracy (total energy is biased downward) that would be undesirable in an engineering context. If this technique worked equally well in both domains it would go from "impressive" to "miracle". In the meantime, we can certainly applaud it for the things it does do well! Some people enjoy coding more than dining. You are likely to find many of them here. While you are free to differ from them ("I enjoy cooking/dining way too much for this to work for me"), your insults (the idea causes depression, the slippery slope argument, your suggestion that dreams = facebook+tv) are quite uncalled for. > Does anyone think for a moment that a manmade device like a transistor is anywhere close to the complexity of a biological one such as a cell? This is laughable. It's laughable only because it's a straw man. The claim is that FOOD is simple, not human bodies. Industrial process optimization for transistor production costs many orders of magnitude more than this experiment will. Surely the NSA has hashes of nearly everything on the internet (bloom filters, perhaps?). Finding images that didn't match would be a simple and automated task. There isn't even a need for the person doing the scan to know that it's porn -- from the point of view of the hash database, porn, system files, and ripped DVDs all fall into the category of "seen before, not interesting." After the forensics team found files that didn't match the DB, they would have a good reason to investigate further and officials / the media wouldn't let nekked bodies stop them from commenting. Porn would make a poor choice of background media because reverse image search is ubiquitous. Finding the originals would be easy, and showing that the differences between the stego'd images and the originals didn't happen via compression would probably not be too hard either. If the encryption is good they probably wouldn't get any further than that. Still, any significant quantity of hidden files would generate a large body of evidence that would be very difficult to explain away. Why go to the trouble of hiding info on the hard drive of a guy who was already under suspicion when a prerecorded skype call or controlled packet latency system would make for a stego medium that was much harder to detect and easier to plausibly deny? Sure: http://static.usenix.org/events/sec06/tech/shah/shah_html/jb... The covert channel discussed in the paper doesn't control network traffic directly but if you were maximizing bandwidth and didn't have to hide from an intrusion detection system you would almost certainly want to do so. How do you figure this is a low priority target? This certainly falls within their mandate and the guy might have been trying to steal legitimately sensitive information! > Take 20 porn files porn-a.avi (500MB original or 600MB with hidden data) There are so many rips or rips of rips that you cannot have a complete porn-database. And phew 2GB of compressed and hidden Data. The smallest SSD I own could handily fit that data whole and the bloom filter would fit in an arduino a thousand times over. The NSA's shiny new Utah datacenter had a $2B budget for construction alone, do you really think "rips of rips" are going to be a problem? These guys scrape web traffic by putting a T on major junctions of the internet and duplicating everything that comes down the pipes. You could set all of 4chan to making rips with permuted settings and not begin to stress infrastructure of that capacity. I don't want to be rude, but you seem to be in denial. Free market principles still apply: if all plumbers retire when BI starts then the price people are willing to pay to hire a plumber will increase until somebody decides it's worth doing again. What if it becomes impossible for you to hire a plumber? Well, that would be the sound of opportunity knocking ;) > The drive to seek "intermittent rewards/thrills" isn't universal. Perhaps not, but so long as the market can offer something to everyone people will still have incentive to work. Basic Income doesn't mean you can afford everything without working. The market is extraordinarily good at producing carrots yet we seem hell-bent on using sticks. I think there's room to improve on that front. > If there's a trade-off between having more parasites at the bottom of society who don't work vs. having more parasites at the top who ruin others' wor Nonono, you have it backwards. We NEED more parasites! The supply of labor exceeds demand right now which sends the price to 0 (minimum wage paints the problem a different color but doesn't fix anything). We need to decrease the supply of labor so that the market can start pricing it rationally again. If everybody stops working, the price of services skyrockets. But the problem (soaring cost of services) and the solution (soaring reward for labor) are one and the same. This is how the free market is supposed to work. In fact, I'd go so far to say that BI presents a closer approximation to a free market than the system we have now (where the government price-controls labor). Don't you think that's a much healthier configuration than what we have now? I like the idea of rewarding grunt work more than we presently do. After all, if wages of dishwashers get high enough, we might just have to invent a machine to do it for us, no? Besides, even Great American Novelists have use for money. They could buy equipment for a roadtrip, buy a nicer computer for writing, buy services that help them focus on more writing (e.g. pay other people to be dishwashers), and so on. In turn, this gives them incentive to work. It's capitalism as usual, it just doesn't fetishize the 40 hour workweek. EDIT: just saw you added social work to your list. You're beating me at my own game, perhaps I'd better stop preaching to the choir? BI is NOT communism. We are not trying to abolish private property or wealth disparities or social classes. In fact, we're trying to make the market even free-er: right now the supply of labor is rigid (everyone must work to live) but supply exceeds demand so the free market sends the price of labor to 0. There are two alternatives: let the supply of labor drop via BI or establish price controls on labor (or pray for the economy to keep growing, but that ship has sailed). Price controls shift the problem around and don't solve the underlying issue: supply exceeds demand. Unfortunately, we have chosen price controls over letting the market equilibrate itself. ANY solution that solves the supply-exceeds-demand issue of labor MUST either create leeches (decrease supply) or continuously grow the economy (increase demand). I think it's easier to create the leeches and call them a cost of doing business. BI is the supply-side economics of labor. Incidentally (this is unrealted because BI is not communism), I'm not convinced that the USSR failed because of communism/socialism/stalinism/capitalism/whatever. I'm no historian, but it looks like what happened is that the US fought an economic war with the USSR via an arms race. We spend a $ on our military to force them to sped a $ on theirs. They ran out of money first because they had a smaller economy coming out of WWII. This opinion is not very well researched or highly informed (I base it off starcraft strategy, heh). Please tell me if I have gone wrong; I will be neither surprised nor offended. There's a difference between making up for an existing disparity (the site you linked claims it is doing this and I applaud them for their efforts) and creating a new one (e.g. differential BI). I don't think there is a single person here who would support giving BI preferentially to men, so when you proposed giving money to women we all assumed you meant giving it preferentially to women, because otherwise your statement would have simply been a restatement of what everyone else was saying. I object to the notion of giving BI preferentially to women, although I fully support the cause of ensuring they receive their share. Please clarify what you meant. Hmm, actually I think we still disagree about the reason for the fall of the USSR (I hesitate to say "disagree" because I don't hold my opinion strongly, I was tossing it out to solicit opposing opinions). What you described sounds very much like falling due to communism. I have heard a quote "They pretend to pay us, we pretend to work," and I suppose my question is which side caused the ohter. My opinion was that "they pretend to pay us" came first (the domestic economy collapsed under military spending) and "we pretend to work" followed. Do you think this is true or do you think it happened the other way around? I cannot believe that starvation and apathy could coexist, so at some point the USSR's system must have prevented people from working for additional income, yes? In this case, the distinction between BI and communism becomes apparent: if the supply of labor falls below demand in BI, wages rise until people go back to work. Companies function as usual and are free to fire lazy workers. If food becomes more expensive, wages effectively fall until farmers can hire enough help (human or otherwise) to crank production back up again. BI has the advantage that it retains 100% of the marginal incentive to work at the low end of the spectrum. This comes at a marginal cost to the entire system, poor and rich alike, but arguably the poor need to be incentivized more than the rich. To elaborate, communism aims for the abolition of private property and the elimination of class distinctions. BI aims for neither. > That's not quite how prices work. There is always a demand for labor. If the price of labor fell low enough there would be plenty of jobs. Though no one would want to work at those wages, it's even illegal to do so. The point is just that the price will never really fall to zero, even if it gets low. Yes, I was being sloppy with terminology. The price wouldn't fall exactly to zero and minimum wage appears to stop it well above 0 but unemployment makes up the difference. This is quibbling and distracts from the analysis. > hat's not the intention of guaranteed minimum income at all, and not a good thing either. You are just cutting off one place (higher prices) to feed the other (higher wages). At least if I understand what you mean correctly, which I'm not sure. I don't know what you mean by "cutting off one place." If you mean that the prices of some services would go up in this picture, you're exactly right, but that's the point -- the prices would better reflect the desirability of the labor required to produce the good. The flip side of that is that undesirable labor gets payed better under the BI system and then there is the BI itself. What good are low prices if wages are even lower? The distinction between Dvorak and QWERTY when it comes to wrist movements isn't remotely subtle. "This is a test sentence" leaves the home row once on Dvorak and 13 times on QWERTY. That doesn't strike me as atypical. The "flow" of Dvorak is so noticeable that certain words become slightly annoying to type. If we could somehow chart the motion of tendons through your wrist I'm sure I could convince you that the difference is like night and day. > For what is worth I've been finger typing on Qwerty for the last 11 years and I've never had wrist pain. My average is about 90 WPM when doing relaxed typing and over 120 when I stretch myself, and I never felt the need for going faster. It's not about the speed (well, I was a hunt-and-peck typist on QWERTY and I switched in order to break the habit, so it was about the speed, just not in that way). It's nice that you don't have any wrist pain, but are you sure that will always be the case? Even a little tiny bit is enough to put me off writing code and both of us will due the bulk of our typing in the future. > Maybe Qwerty needs a replacement, but Dvorak ain't it. I agree, but only because the barrier to learning Dvorak is rather large and would apply to any Qwerty replacement. It took concentrated effort over the course of months just in order to reach my speed on QWERTY and I'm not sure it was worth as much effort as it took. Still, I'm fairly certain that if you could snap your fingers and use Dvorak/Colemack/Whatever you would. If the ref counting is manual or optimized, it doesn't happen after every assignment, only ones which change object ownership. If you're really nuts about avoiding cache hits, you can pack most ref counts into the low bits of the class pointer, since allocations tend to be 16-byte aligned, including allocations for class objects. Assuming you use the object at least once following a change of ownership, the overall cost in cache misses becomes 0. Or you can store the references in a global table with better cache properties (IIRC this is what ObjC does). Or you can rely on the fact that cache lines are typically large enough to grab a few words at a time, so fetching the class pointer will automatically fetch the refcount (again with the assumption that you use objects at least once per assignment). Honestly, I'm having difficulty imagining how cache behavior could become a problem unless you wanted it to. As for not allowing cycles, I consider that a feature. The headache of memory management doesn't go away with GC. You still have to avoid inadvertently keeping references to objects through the undo stack & so on. Unintentional strong refs creep through GC code just as easily as memory leaks creep through code with manual memory management. Almost universally, I find that GC'd projects large enough to have memory management best practices implicitly do away with this freedom at the first opportunity by calling for acyclic or single-parent object ownership graphs. These restrictions primarily make it easier to think about object lifecycle -- the fact that they allow refcounting to suffice for memory management is icing on the cake. I think you have it backwards: if consumers constantly swap out their batteries, they unload the uncertainty of pricing the battery's degradation onto the experts. Charging stations will retire decrepit batteries and replace them with new tech. If today's batteries last 50% longer than expected or 50% shorter than expected, the consumer doesn't have to worry -- they will always have a battery that works OK and they will never get slapped with a massive unplanned repair charge. They won't have to worry about upgrading their batteries or choosing between high capacity and low capacity batteries since they can just do that at the swap station. They also don't have to worry about recycling since the station will handle it for them. > Does anybody at all on HN think that pulling credit reports on candidates is a reasonable thing for hiring firms to do That's not the pertinent question. Since it's already happening, the trend can only be reversed through confrontation, and confrontation only happens if people think that pulling credit reports is an unreasonable thing to do (as opposed to not having an opinion on the practice). Otherwise people are inclined to say nothing if it so happens that they have the ear of someone responsible for making the decision (or are such a person). The default position propagates the bad practice, making it vitally important to force people to choose one side or the other before they unwittingly endorse the status quo. > I know it sounds trite, but it's mostly about the children. > the less kids hear the word, the more they realize that it is not to be used lightly I don't agree. The less lightly kids think swear words are to be taken, the more they will use them to prop up their own attempts to be taken seriously by their peers and the adults around them. Once a kid hears someone who swears every other word, they realize that overusing swear words dilutes their impact until they become effectively meaningless. They come to the natural conclusion that, in order to maximize effect, swear words should be kept in reserve for truly exceptional circumstances. The implication that the methods of analysis used in the article have similar or less predictive power than your intuition is dismissive, trivializes the hard work of others, and is probably false to boot (look for false positives by google image searching "HDR"). You did not make this implication but the parent post we are discussing certainly did. To be fair, the implication was probably not made maliciously, and a more appropriate response would have been "This got past the pros because such lighting is possible to achieve in outdoor photography, although it requires a level of skill, equipment, luck, post-processing, and aesthetic risk that make it uncommon outside studio settings." The discovery of the displacement current was extremely important: it proved that light was an electromagnetic wave, paving the way for how we would come to understand the interactions between light and matter. It's no mistake that it took a theorist to find the displacement current since it mostly appears between the plates of capacitors and that valume is one that engineering demands call for minimization of! Those aren't good reasons, and at the risk of sounding more patronizing than I would prefer, I suspect that you aren't very well acquainted with the research world outside of Math/CS. > First, a good telescope in the days of Galileo or an electric generator in Tesla's were still pretty expensive high-tech toys. They got financed through private means anyway. 100% of the research done x number of years ago was funded using the funding methods of x years ago; the existence of successes is no indicator of the efficiency of the process. Plenty of alchemists threw their funding away on projects that would never meet the standards demanded by the NSF, NIH, and DOD. We both know that science funding would fall precipitously if it were left to the private sector. Do you really think that money would go to a better use? > Second, the number of subfields that truly demand massive capital investment is small, and mostly confined to physics. This is the reason why I accused you of not being well acquainted with modern research. The set of subjects in which science is cheap looks more like {CS, Math} than ~{Physics}. Chemists have to buy (pay the depreciation of, if you insist) their spectrometers (NMR, IR, mass), chromatographs, calorimeters, Schlenk lines, proprietary reagents, and gloveboxes. Biologists rely on sequencers, synthesizers, designer enzymes & antibodies, synchrotrons (monochromatic X-ray sources for crystallography), nanofab tools for microfluidics (all insanely expensive because of the semiconductor industry), patch clamps, and a million specialized commercial assays and imaging techniques. Astronomers depend on tons of custom made hardware: mirrors, specialized ASICs/FPGAs/CCDs, lenses, buildings in the most inhospitable places on earth, not to mention their space platforms. Ecologists and geologists need to travel to exotic locations almost by definition (requiring specialized transport & shelter) to set up sensor networks and the like. Although data-crunching is important, it doesn't even constitute the bulk of the scientific process. You can't replace academia with a bunch of weekend-warriors on laptops (outside of CS, that is). > Third, money doesn't guarantee quality. Major scientific advances of the past were achieved not so much by people who were very well funded, but rather who had leisure to think about their field in novel ways (Maxwell, Darwin, Mendel, Einstein etc.). Theorists have the most impressive long-term returns. By definition, they define their fields. This says very little about science in general or the utility of intermediate physical results, which inevitably guide the development of the underlying theories. Thought alone can't tell you which theories are right; at some point you have to test them. Einstein would have been ridiculed had it not been for the availability of ludicrously precise measurements of Mercury's precession and the Michelson-Morley experiment, both of which failed to match any metric of usefulness before their importance was understood. Darwin was inspired by his travels and Maxwell essentially had the E&M problem dropped in his lap by the experimentalists. Quantum Mechanics managed to derive macroscopically useful results (MO theory, semiconductor & condensed matter models, etc) by puzzling over observed atomic spectra. Who would have wondered why the rainbow had holes in it if nobody bothered to go look? Nobody. The "huh?" always precedes the theoretical explanation and the "huh?" usually comes from experiment, as well as countless guiding nudges along the way that eliminate possible explanations. Theory & experiment exist symbiotically. I don't think focusing on theory to the exclusion of experiment will benefit science as a whole. > The constraints, stress and uncertainty of the grant-award process are not conducive to a similar environment. Agreed, but I'm pretty sure the process of begging money off of rich individuals is even less conductive to scientific progress. Grant committees are much less susceptible to buzzwords & unrealistic promises than uninformed* private investors and even so they sometimes falter. NSF = due dilligence. It sucks, but someone has to do it, and I'm not convinced that the private sector could do it cheaper/better, given that it doesn't have any incentive to: science yields much more favorable ROI to society than individuals because the goods it produces aren't excludable and take 100 years to perform a proper valuation on. * = not an expert in everything, I don't mean to imply investors are stupid. > Finally, increased costs are also a symptom of lack of innovation [1]. Maybe we're just on the final legs of existing logistic curves and have no new ones to latch on to? That's exactly the case. It's also usually the case. When a breakthrough happens it only takes 5-10 years to climb the curve you linked to (I'm basing this claim off of the development of QM). The academic world has an extraordinary capacity for innovation (and not in the "look I built a CRUD app that makes somebody's life infinitesimally easier" sense of the word), although this capacity typically goes unappreciated due to the 99.9% failure rate of experiments conducted in the interim between periods of readily available low-hanging fruit (where failure := negative ROI). It's unfortunate that breakthroughs happen much less frequently than every 5-10 years but there really isn't any way to shortcut the process, at least not one I can think of (and not one that any of the world's experts in the field can think of, else they would simply go pursue that line of inquiry on their own). I don't think defunding America's scinetific apparatus would accelerate scientific progress and I think we would run a terrible risk of handing the next wave of industrial dominance to China & India if we tried. They're rapidly catching up in terms of publication counts/funding and it's no secret that new industries are born out of academic discoveries and that early entry into a new market conveys a huge advantage. The bulk of the spoils go to the victor, so I desperately hope the USA stays in the race. The problem with the Corvette analogy is that the Corvette has a well defined market price. GM's donation to charity is exactly equal to that price and the difference between the auction price and the market price is the contribution from the auction winner, who is only willing to pay 2x, 3x, 10x because the proceeds are going to charity. Tim Cook's time does not have a well defined marginal price since his compensation package is almost surely not tied to the amount of time he works. I keep hearing about Apple's supply chain management. Have they actually done anything clever or is it simply a side effect of the largest player's ability to extort anticompetitive favors from their supply chain? Honest question. I'm sure they have channels for information laundering. Example: they present the Tor evidence to one of their classified courts, get a sealed warrant to wiretap your house, and then re-collect the information from a bug they plant directly on your computer. Or they could just watch you closely until you screw up. Or they could honeypot you. > If there are a lot of unfilled STEM jobs, then you should push people into STEM careers to fill those jobs. There aren't. That's the point. When the graduating seniors start panicking because they can't find work, the underclassmen see the writing on the wall. Complaints about unemployment on reddit make the communication channel even stronger. Startup time is relevant to a program that crashes (or gets into an inconsistent state requiring restart) as often as Eclipse. I suspect it has more to do with stringing together the inputs/outputs of multiple programs, which is outright painful in python. The syntax is terribly verbose (import subprocess, use subprocess.call, refer to a few enum values in the subprocess package, wire them together which requires a line of code rather than a character). Worse, pipes are tricky to implement correctly. It's easy to deadlock the python process by overflowing a pipe's buffer (wait for exit to read the buffer, buffer fills before subprocess exit, deadlock), so people who don't have an intimate knowledge of the underlying implementation will find themselves stuck with a bug they can't fix. Compare this to a shell where the combination of &&, ||, and | can fit on a single line what would have taken dozens of lines of python. It's not romantic attachment, it's pragmatism. It will be a while before the VR experience becomes seamless. Resolution and dynamic range of VR still lag the real world by an order of magnitude. Latency is extremely touchy for scenes of any complexity, especially given hardware that is designed to be wearable. Even if these issues only manifest subconsciously, the differences add up: the human eye has ~100megapixel resolution and hardwired motion tracking so detailed that the information has to be lossfully compressed 100:1 before being shipped across the optic nerve (the first level of feature extraction happens in your eye). Those compression "algorithms" suffer under VR. People will probably be willing to put up with the quality drop to play games because games are viscerally engaging in a way that allows you to push through sensory obstacles. Workplaces, however, lack that energy and are subject to the constraint of productivity, which I think will make them much harder to penetrate with VR: tiny psychological stresses quickly become intolerable if you're already frustrated by dependency management / tedious busywork / whatever, while the virtual world doesn't actually allow you to do all that much that you couldn't do before. Pro apps will probably take 5-10 years to adjust in a meaningful way, and I doubt that more than a handful of industries will actually be revolutionized by the difference. In the meantime, AR dramatically helps the smoothness problem while still enabling almost all of the gee-whiz features of VR that would have relevance in a professional setting. Military applications are the obvious exception (full VR potentially offers protection from lasers/irritants/bullets to the face) but even military funding won't be enough to close the gap between VR and AR instantaneously. In the long term, you're right, VR will win, but given that the "short term" will probably last for decades, I think you're jumping the gun on VR. It's not reactionary: nvidia invested heavily in getting to market first and advertising to the HPC crowd and they have been reaping the rewards of a monopoly for a few years now. Their latest high-end cards are dramatically more expensive (vs AMD at the same raw computational power) while offering completely crippled GPGPU capabilities. I recall incredulity on IRC when people found that their new 6xx cards were a step backwards from the corresponding 5xx cards for their GPGPU apps. Pro media & HPC users fork over the cash for Tesla because they can't jump to AMD due to their legacy CUDA code. Gamers don't care since they don't use double precision arithmetic. The bitcoin community was the only one nimble enough to switch to AMD. For those of us in academia, we'll be paying the piper for the foreseeable future :/ >Bitcoin miners flocked to AMD because the SHA-256 algorithm utilizes a 32-bit right rotate operation that AMD cards could execute in one clock cycle, while NVidia cards took ~3 cycles to do so. That would have made the difference even larger, but even at 1:1 instruction timing AMD would have had a large price advantage so long as we're talking about the last 2 generations of cards or so. If the price/performance optimum lies further back than that, it may well have fallen at a point in time when AMD / NVidia were closer to price/performance parity. To clarify, by "performance" I mean "performance for my needs" which means "double precision float performance." > Also, what's wrong with NVidia's GPGPU capabilities? The price per double-precision FLOP was off by a factor of four at the consumer level last time I went shopping and the number of DFLOPS available at the consumer level was capped lower. It seemed like a move to force penny-pinching CUDA-dependent academics to upgrade to teslas. > The last time I had to write GPU code, I found that CUDA was much more mature - and much more pleasant to write than the equivalent OpenCL. It still is, but the gap has closed for many use cases (including mine). I'm not saying that CUDA isn't/wasn't a reasonable choice, especially a few years back, just that we are now paying the hidden price that comes from allowing a monopoly to develop. There are also entirely passive self-inflating mattresses out there. They're filled with (solid-gas) foam that expands when you open the valve. Close the valve and it's ready to go. You store the energy for pumping when you deflate the mattress by rolling it back up. It's much easier to provide energy by sitting on something than by blowing into it :) I don't know the brand name, only that they were old and worn by the time I was using them as a kid. They must have been commercially available around 1990. Given that the new processor is x86 I suspect that issue will solve itself. I kid, of course. Nobody pirates games these days and I'm sure their latest DRM scheme will turn out to be the one that stops what few pirates are left in their tracks. ahem Makes you wonder if the Republican party isn't intentionally taking the wedge-issue craziness to 11 only so that they can rebrand next election cycle and yank the mat out from under the Democrats. Given the effectiveness of Romney's rush-to-the-center in the 1st debate against Obama, the thought has to have crossed their minds. The timing (tossing last election to win the next one) makes sense because next election they won't be running against a relatively popular incumbent. They don't have anything to gain by doubling-down on the losing side of every social issue on the list -- their core demographic will vote R regardless -- but a pull-the-mat strategy could net them tons of wealthy individuals from the "socially liberal economically conservative" camp. Yes! That's the brand name. I remember the logo! Yeah, I had it in my undergrad intro to mechanics textbook. Still a great problem! As you say, this is a technicality. Everyone is guilty under a microscope, and the FISA dragnet can provide authorities with a license to use a microscope on you. That's quite enough to be scared about. >In a sense, Americans deserve what they got. They chose to re-elect... So if I kidnap you and give you the choice of dying from a pistol and dying from a shotgun, I'm off the hook for murder? > there is an alternative in the libertarian party Spoiler effect. Also, given that the party currently in control of the executive branch campaigned on the promise of stopping these surveillance programs and then went on to extend them, I question your certainty that the libertarians would actually stick to their values once in office. The lawyer only ever saw cases that got to the point of needing a lawyer. Police exercise discretion as part of their job and I have trouble believing that silence (and the suspicion it creates) always pays off. Example: the neighbors see/hear you having rough sex with your wife and report it as abuse. The police knock on the door, you have two options: A) Explain (better: let your wife explain) that the neighbors probably heard you playing around and promise to be more discreet in the future. The police agree that more discretion = better and leave. B) Wall of silence. The police take you in just to be sure. Your wife tries to testify in your favor at the trial but everyone thinks she's just making excuses for an actually abusive boyfriend (because that happens). Your life is ruined by the conviction, maybe her life is too. Even if you don't get convicted, rumors will spread and your time and money will be wasted on legal matters. Am I being naive or was the lawyer overstating his argument? Strategy A is strictly worse than B if the case goes to court , but that still means that B could be the better strategy before you've been arrested. No, the AG is pressing charges, ostensibly on her behalf, because everyone thinks she was in denial about the abuse. Alternatively, even if everyone agrees she consented, consent isn't a legally recognized defense to all forms of battery and you also have to consider sodomy laws: in the hands of a conservative judge/jury, what you were doing actually was illegal, even though you were consenting adults and nobody got (permanently) hurt, which is the standard most "reasonable" people go by nowadays. IANAL and the little I know about the intersection of kinky sex and law comes from a single presentation I attended years ago during college. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm fairly certain I have the broad strokes drawn correctly. The neighbors heard screams and the doctors found bruises. Also, additional witnesses came forward and testified to a history of bruises. Also, she broke her arm falling down the stairs a few months ago -- but by now the picture is coming together and everyone "knows" what that "really means". That's plenty of evidence to fit either the "abusive husband" story or the "illegal sex" story. Either way, the worst case is that you're a felon! (I'm including battery-to-which-consent-is-not-a-defense under "illegal sex" and battery can be a felony.) I freely admit that this is a worst case scenario: a court in SF isn't likely to convict on the basis of "illegal sex", but maybe you were traveling; hotels have notoriously thin walls and some places in the USA take a much dimmer view of this kind of thing. None of this is relevant to my original point. Even if you're acquitted your "wall of silence" will have cost you time, money, and reputation, making B worse than A UNLESS you condition your expectation on the case going to court, which you shouldn't, because the point in time when you decide B vs A happens before going to court is a foregone conclusion. On the flip side, it would revolutionize the alibi-generation process (both legitimate and illegitimate)! Well, here's a source for that (they use it in Guantanamo): http://www.miamiherald.com/2013/04/29/3370916/more-navy-medi... No, nobody thinks they are exercising concrete power by signing a petition. However, those who do have authority over this case are well aware that the difference between an effective example and a martyr is primarily one of popularity. The petition aims to prove that Snowden is popular. "Everything" in the context of the quote only refers (as far as I can tell) to code that accesses the database and it does not imply that the entirety of facebook needs to be transitioned simultaneously. It's a far cry from the naive "we'll rewrite the app and everything will be better" mentality that you seem to be referring to. That wasn't Assange ( http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0811/62299.html ). What about quantum computation? My (only slightly informed) understanding is that quantum computing's greatest strength lines up perfectly with the problem of brute-forcing encryption. Grover's algorithm halves the keysize. It's not a theoretical problem (just double the keysize) but plenty of sites today use 128-bit keys for their block ciphers. Even though quantum computers don't rival classical computers for speed yet and therefore saying that these keys are "effectively 64-bit" would be slightly disingenuous, there's no reason to expect that QCs won't make that a reality within our lifetimes. IANAL, but AFAIK Slander involves communicating a falsehood. "BoA stole $10T of lunch money from children in Africa" would be slander (outside of the context of this post and the fact that it is a clearly ridiculous assertion). "No Thanks, Big Banks" (a representative example of what the guy actually wrote) is not slander. The charges were for vandalism, which arguably has a place in political discourse and arguably doesn't even deserve a slap on the wrist. The information she needed to decide weather or not to have a kid was information about her and her husband's future financial status. She didn't have that -- nobody does. If Murray had a kid (or a few) and his employability then plummeted over the next few years, he would suddenly discover a host of reasons for his newfound hardship, none of which would have anything to do with failings in his moral character. Was the fact that most of her kids dropped out of college entirely their choice or did finances force the matter? Do the savings of moving to a rural area exceed the drop in job availability that would follow? Murray's opinions reek of fundamental attribution error and self-serving victim blaming, as seems to be the case with a great many critics of the "welfare state." They already force retailers to not give discounts for using cash. If they've figured out how to make that legal, why do you think BTC would be any different? What we really need is for the justice department* to explicitly include the goal of making markets competitive in its short list of (un)official objectives. * Or any branch of government. I mention the judicial because I think it is the branch least susceptible to bribery. Since competitive markets are bad for business, that makes it the most likely candidate to promote this kind of change. Of course. I'm implicitly claiming that this kind of contractual requirement should be illegal since it's blatantly anticompetitive (my opinion, not the court's, naturally). Same story here. There was a time during my transition to Dvorak where I kept tripping myself up if I tried to type QWERTY, but once the Dvorak layout went into muscle memory QWERTY came right back without any special effort on my part. I still have to peek, but I had to peek before I learned Dvorak too (that's why I switched to Dvorak). hjkl are permanently burned into my muscle memory in their positions on the Dvorak keyboard. A few months ago, I was using ssh from a computer with a QWERTY keyboard and I did a double take when I re-discovered that they were right next to each other. Another Dvorak user here. I would compare my annoyance at switching keyboard layouts to the annoyance of switching between different physical keyboards (deep 90s style key wells to shallow laptop keys, for example). Actually, switching layouts is slightly less annoying. First of all, I tend to agree with the sibling posts accusing you of failing to maintain scholarly decorum. The "paid shill" remark was uncalled for, even if I tend to agree with your criticisms (at least, all but the most crucial one). > pondering whether sucrose breaks down into fructose and glucose immediately: No, it doesn't. Can you substantiate this further (say, with an in-vivo sucrose half-life)? I don't have journal access at the moment, so the best I could find was this study: http://ajplegacy.physiology.org/content/59/1/413.extract which seems to support what you claim (only 90% inversion after 6.5 hours in rabbits), but I'd still like to see something more modern and preferably in humans. > Additionally, this study covers rats which were given strict diets Strict diets? It seems to me like they had unmeasured and uncontrolled access to chow and sugar solution ("controlled" only on the basis of availability time)! I tend to agree with the grandparent post that the observed results could be caused by the relative sweetness of HFCS driving the rats to continue consuming HFCS past the point where they would have stopped consuming sucrose solution. Since humans tend to consume drinks in fixed quantities (8oz, 16oz) not entirely chosen on the bases of satiety, I question the relevance of this study to human health. > you contradict yourself by noting (correctly) that HFCS is not half-and-half fructose and glucose You quibble. I'll take it back iff you substantiate the implicit claim (which occurs under the assumption that you weren't quibbling) that the 5% or 7% difference in sugar concentrations creates a disproportionate effect on energy output or weight gain. My bad, turns out I was completely wrong: > There was no overall difference in total caloric intake (sugar plus chow) among the sucrose group and two HFCS groups. Technically, I was right in that they didn't control overall intake, but they did prove that they didn't need to control overall intake so my alternative hypothesis was refuted in any case. > regulators in Europe have somehow managed to avoid this problem entirely > Maybe if we had an organization equally responsible for both numbers we'd see better outcomes. It's not a "somehow" -- you answered your own question! Add this to the long list of reasons why we should switch to single payer. > doesn't Europe have similar regulations The crucial difference is that Europe has primarily single-payer systems. They simply don't need a black market for legitimate drugs: even if you're poor, you can get them from the doctor. To be fair, the government won't pay for any drug -- it decides how much it is willing to pay based on efficacy, and some drugs get priced out (arguably because they deserve to get priced out). 1st off, the last link you have there is a brilliant example of a failure to use Bayesian reasoning. > its perfectly logic you need to get shots against other peoples diseases BUT at the same time those who don't become a danger to you You don't understand herd immunity. It amplifies a weak individual immune boost (say, a 40% effictive vaccine) into a dramatic effect on the actual number of people who get sick. Here's how it works: consider the average number of new people an infected person will infect (call this number k). If k>1 (1.01 even), the disease very likely explodes across the face of the earth and turns into an epidemic or pandemic. If k a lot about making k Vaccines are hard to make and not very effective in the sense that there is only maybe a 40% chance they will stop you from getting sick if others around you are sick. But that 40% success rate dramatically effects k so long as everyone gets vaccinated: if k If you're one of the assholes who spoil the whole thing by not getting vaccinated, your peers have every right to get angry with you. I wish you could be collectively sued for your effect on an outbreak, but I'll settle for a bit of government incentive. > vaccines do not kill people The FDA and EMA are dramatically overcautious when it comes to this kind of thing (they minimize the number of lives lost to drugs and vaccines even at the expense of not minimizing total lives lost). If you think otherwise, safety and efficacy studies are public. Start with primary sources, avoid hokey nonsense like what you posted. The FDA site is a mess but google can usually find specific studies with filetype:pdf. > the vaccines business is create problem & offer solution Pretty sure it's evolution (of bacteria and viruses) creating the problem, not drug companies. Or do you not believe in evolution either? > I am not against major vaccines Oh, good :) > today by age 8 you have many more shoot than those you had only 20 years ago There are two factors at play. One is evolution: there's a new flu every year (bacteria and virii can meaningfully evolve in less than a year, even). The other is that we are finding ways to vaccinate against more and more diseases. The diseases always existed, but your odds of catching them were higher then than they are now even if you don't vaccinate yourself because of herd immunity. There are still plenty of diseases we don't know how to vaccinate against, so expect the trend to continue. > pharma sees opportunity to oversell Yeah, and the US system is particularly vulnerable to those pressures. There are still protections: you couldn't get a placebo approved, even a well designed one. But single-payer systems are much better at focusing on efficacy. The other side to that is the US gets drugs first and sometimes exclusively. Just because a vaccine falls below the threshold of what the EU is willing to pay doesn't mean it won't save hundreds or thousands of lives in the US. We pay twice as much for health care and this is one of the (very) few extra privileges we enjoy as a result. Best take advantage of it :) > older man who got a shot and 2 weeks later got sick exactly on something he was getting shot against I still don't think you grok herd immunity. Vaccines do very little to protect the individual. If you would have gotten sick before the vaccine, you would probably still get sick after the vaccine. But if everyone gets vaccinated, the disease dies away. It's like a nuclear bomb. Below critical mass, it's just moderately radioactive. Above critical mass, you get a huge explosion. Vaccines keep a disease from getting to critical mass. They don't stop individuals from getting sick very well (they don't stop the radioactivity) but they reduce it just enough to prevent pandemics (nulear explosions). You've got it backwards: fat people and smokers cost less to cover because their bodies tend to fail more quickly and the most costly health care centers around slightly prolonging the lives of healthy people. Economically speaking, you should be penalized for your healthy habits. Of course, that doesn't fit in to the "we care about your health" line that insurers like to toss around, so they often just lie about what makes them money and use fat/smoker fines as a selling point aimed at healthy people. You've been had. http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/fat_people_smokers_have_low... > You are conflating the overall cost with the per-year cost. Performing the division to approximate yearly costs from the source I linked does not support your point. Obese people may have had the highest costs, but not the highest average yearly costs. In a single payer health system, the "insurance provider" sees ROI from peoples' productivity, meaning the single payer system has incentive to keep people healthy even if it costs more. OTOH, private insurance wants to dump you as quickly as legally possible the moment your costs exceed your premiums weather you are healthy or not. Either it's illegal (the government's fault) or hospitals deal with insurers on a bundle basis and they aren't willing to cut out their most profitable procedures (the market's fault). Depends on who you ask, I'm sure :) Liability might be a problem, but it only accounts for 2% of medical expenditures in the US, so I wouldn't expect it to be insurmountably difficult to insure the procedures to "US standards." > could take a set of requirements I think that's the key problem: nobody has a complete big-picture idea of what the program is doing. Sure, there are people in each service branch that are familiar with subsets of the overall technology, but I suspect that at the overlap of these subsets there is significant disagreement over interpretation & implementation that has never become a visible problem because nobody runs consistency checks. Since compiling the mutually contradictory payroll policies into a non-probabilistic master policy would immediately shed light on these issues, it would be a political minefield. Every choice you make would be the wrong choice and nobody is simultaneously high enough on the totem pole to say "live with it" and low enough on the totem pole to actually implement it. Oh, come on. This kind of joke is supposed to fall into the "so bad, it's good" category, which all three of these do in spades. Especially the bad sectors one. Yes, but we're pretty sure we don't want to find out, so we'd rather start worrying while we're on the brink rather than over the edge. > [paraphrasing] We're still better than [other country] so it's OK! If two countries have a problem then the problem isn't worth fixing?! I've never understood this retort. This is the USA, we're supposed to be crazy about freedom not "eh, we're slightly better than the competition for now so let's take a nap and see where we wind up in 10 years." You beat me to it! (For those who don't know, the PPACA is sometimes called "Obamacare" although it should be noted that the name is more a result of political maneuvering than the result of particularly close affiliation with Obama.) I still think we should go all the way to single-payer. Other countries have had such success with this model that it's becoming very difficult to argue that it's inherently flawed (rather than the other way around). If the US health industry had to compete directly with any of these systems, it would go out of business tomorrow, since they offer similar care (in terms of outcome rates) at half the price per person. That doesn't even include the effects on entrepreneurship and employment! While the ACA did little to fix the "US health care costs twice as much and doesn't deliver better outcomes" problem, it does have a good shot at fixing the preexisting condition and individual insurance debacles. It has to do with the principal atomic number of those f orbitals. Some quick review (where ~ means "is related to in a monotonic, increasing fashion") n = Principle Atomic Number ~ energy,size of orbital l = Total Angular Momentum Number ~ abs(ang m.)^2 n is 1,2,3,... l is 0,1,2,... (0=S 1=P 2=D 3=F ...) Now you can tell that these two should be related by thinking about the classical "solar system" electron/nucleus model: if an electron has lots of angular momentum that means it must have lots of energy. Careful: if it has no angular momentum it could still have lots of energy if it's going straight at or away from the the nucleus (angular momentum cares about velocity perpendicular to the line between two objects; energy cares about the absolute velocity). This idea turns into an inequality we get by solving the Schrodinger equation for a H atom to find eigenstates which we parameterize on the quantum numbers: l also we can figure out from the H-atom Schrodinger equation Increasing n only (going down a column) increases energy The different "blocks" of the periodic table are named after the l quantum number because it is instrumental in determining the shape (as opposed to size) of the orbital. S is the 2 cols on the left, D is 10 cols in the middle, P is 6 on the right, and F is down below (it should actually be between S and D blocks but that wastes space on posters). What does the inequality (and the intuition behind the inequality) tell us about these blocks? Let's go one by one S block. l=0. 0 =1. S orbitals have "size 1" or larger P block. l=1. 1 =2. P orbitals have "size 2" or larger D block. l=2. 2 =3. D orbitals have "size 3" or larger F block. l=3. 3 =4. F orbitals have "size 4" or larger This sort of looks like larger l means larger orbitals, but not so fast! They fill in order of energy level, not momentum (low energy = tightly bound to nucleus, deep in its electrostatic well). If we fill orbitals one by one, we know the first P orbital will have size 1 but that doesn't tell us anything about the S orbitals that come before it, and indeed there is an S orbital of size 2 that comes before the first P orbital of size 1. Just read off the periodic table in order of increasing (proton count = electron count) to see what I mean. OK, now we jump to the F block. We know the first f orbital we see has size 4 -- it is the outermost orbital of Lanthanum. But what is the preceding orbital, the one with slightly less energy (slightly more tightly bound to the nucleus)? It's the outermost orbital of Barium, and it's an S orbital of size 6. S orbital of size 6 is bigger than a P orbital of size 4 :-) This is counterintuitive because it breaks the "bigger orbitals have more energy / are less tightly bound" rule. The solution to the paradox is that the part of the orbital (probability density function) that contributes most to the energy is the part near the nucleus where the electron is far down the rabbit hole, so to speak. While the outermost part of 4f is smaller than that of 6s, the inner part of the 4f has pulled away from the nucleus while the 6s still sits squarely on top of it. 6s gets out to play with other atoms more than 4f but in terms of energy it more than balances that out by spending time really close to the nucleus. Hope this helps! EDIT: fixed an off by one bug on the inequalities Attracting the best, keeping the best, and giving them what they need is economics. If we don't have a sputnik moment and reverse this trend in the next decade or two, I suspect that in 50 years we'll find ourselves wondering why the next (multi)-trillion-dollar-a-year industry and its silicon valley weren't located in the USA. By then it will be too late. [citation needed] [citation needed] Also, "handsomely" is relative: if the quality of life of peasants plummeted due to enclosure until it was far below the QOL for factory workers and enclosure happened because of the industrial revolution, it would be disingenuous to say that the industrial revolution provided a handsome alternative to peasant life. The freedom of choice can be immensely powerful or worse than useless depending on circumstances -- a distinction often lost on or intentionally glossed over by free-market drum beaters. If I kidnap you and give you the choice between having your throat slit and your chest stabbed, am I not still a murderer once you lie dead on the floor? I'm not enough of a historian to provide an informed opinion on the situation at hand but I've seen this exact same excuse (the poor people chose X so X was actually good for them) used in so many completely inappropriate circumstances that I had to speak up. I can think of three reasons for interviewing at a "B-list" company that have nothing to do with putting oneself on a pedestal. 1) You might actually like the work/environment/personal growth opportunities/company health at the "B-list" company once you see it in person. Admit it: your initial classification involved a healthy amount of guesswork and is probably not fantastically accurate. 2) A stupid mistake in your A-list interview hurts both you and the A-list company, potentially dramatically so. You help both them and yourself by practicing. 3) Your increased bargaining power decreases the chance the A-list company lowballs your salary, shooting both you and themselves in the foot (hiring your replacement is expensive, lost productivity due to dissatisfaction is expensive, envy-poisoned work relationships are expensive). Because it artificially reduces the talent pool they're drawing from. They might wind up hiring someone less competent who was better at signalling or making concessions to someone who wasn't as far ahead of the pack as they thought based on interview performance. Time and opportunity cost also factor in, of course. Don't forget H-1Bs! This. I'd rather watch an engineer take a minute to sweat through his memorized lines about X company's latest chips in heavily accented English than spend 15 seconds watching the usual amalgamation of meaningless statements, slick graphics, and lowest-common-denominator jokes. Say what you will about the creepyness of automatic profiling, but in my experience it has made some significant progress towards advancing advertising from a necessary evil to a genuine value-add. > from what I've read (and heard from friends on Colemak), switching back to QWERTY is painful That hasn't been my experience on Dvorak, QWERTY comes back almost instantly. It was harder when I had just learned Dvorak but since I, like you, have to use QWERTY keyboards often the situation quickly improved (in much less time than it took to learn Dvorak). > The primary argument for Colemak is that it reduces finger travel distance from the home row. But my fingers don't naturally fall precisely in a line Travel distance looks more like E[||key1 position - key2 position||] not E[||key position - resting position||] when you're writing a big chunk of text, so the resting position of your fingers is not very important for the purposes of minimizing wrist strain. Anecdotally, the difference in wrist strain isn't remotely subtle between the two layouts. Of course, I don't usually type enough to get sore, but I can certainly feel the tendons move through my wrist, and they move a great deal more when I'm using QWERTY. "This is a test sentence" leaves the home row once on Dvorak and 13 times on QWERTY, but the Dvorak advantage for this sentence would be just as good if you permuted the key rows so that 18/19 of the keypresses landed on, say, the top row. I prefer mapping caps lock to ctrl since it makes both vim and emacs easy (I use ctrl-C in place of esc in vim, so for it has worked for everything but block replacement). They aren't any more related to their threat model than anything else they're vacuuming up but that doesn't mean they don't want them. All it takes is one known terrorist with a known illness / rare treatment and "wouldn't it be nice to have this access" becomes "we need this access NOW" becomes "we will take the access, now and forever into the future, and there's nothing you can do about it." Also, perhaps terrorist networks target people with terminal illnesses and nothing to lose? Or perhaps the FBI is worried that someone who has been denied treatment in the US will turn terrorist all on their own. We have a large population that has been wronged by the system and has nothing to lose, I think the FBI wants to keep an eye on them. I know, FBI!=NSA, but the whole "parallel construction" deal shows exactly what they think about separation of powers: at least a few of them see it as an obstacle to overcome, not as a safeguard against abuse. And a few people is enough to do all the damage in the world. Also, let's not forget there's a heavy financial incentive for individuals with access to such a database to sell the info to insurance companies. It follows that such individuals then have a motive to push for the establishment of such a database. They could launder the info into some "proprietary liability metric" which they would be able to sell for loads of money. I don't know what internal checks they put in place after Snowden but they can't be perfect. Any shadow copy of your health records increases your exposure and provides an opportunity to the unscrupulous if the records can be accessed in aggregate. Great concept, great execution. A lovely parody! Definitely earned my clickthrough. Here are the details of the law they are pushing for: http://anticorruptionact.org/ I'm very happy to know that campaign finance is getting this sort of attention. I've always been incredulous that in our system, bribery isn't just legal , it's literally mandatory -- you can't get elected if you're too clean to accept shady campaign contributions. I love the $100 tax-rebate-for-campaign-contributions idea. I have long thought that we needed to publicly fund campaigns but despaired at the power of entrenched interests: existing campaign finance reform laws came with loopholes that ultimately revealed them as PR stunts rather than legitimate efforts to curb bribery. The tax rebate is exciting because it sneaks a backdoor into what would appear to be another bogus reform law. "Naming and shaming" lobbyists, muzzling the latest contribution-funneling-device-du-jour, and calling for more regular rule enforcement aren't strategies that strike me as particularly promising, since they simply call for more of what we're already doing (if x gets us nothing, no reason to expect 2x will get us more). But they serve as the perfect vehicle to deliver #7, the tax rebate, which silently activates once public interest reaches a certain threshold (enough to outspend current election financiers) and gives the bill teeth. A brilliant design! I really hope this works. I doubt it will, but I really, really want to be wrong. Thanks for linking, I hadn't heard of this program before. It's even better that this sort of plan has precedent inside the US! I'm fairly certain no other form of campaign finance can work. You can require lobbyists and politicians to jump through higher and higher hoops but at the end of the day politicians will still need to fund their campaigns, most people still won't want to spend their money on politics, and lobbyists will still be willing to do what is necessary to net a few 100-1000x ROI wins for their employers. The hoops will be jumped and the asymmetric bribery will continue until regular people get in on the game, and the only way to get regular people in on the game is to pay them to do so since, unlike their wealthier counterparts, they can't count on the occasional 100-1000x ROI win to incentivize their donations. When Steve Jobs announced that the devkit would be JS only, he was booed on stage. This was WWDC, the self-selected apple fans were hyped (a real internet browser on a phone!), the reality distortion field was in full effect, and when he made the "JS is the API" announcement the room went silent, save for a few brave souls more actively voicing their displeasure. It might not have been part of the plan before the iphone was launched, but it certainly became part of the plan on day 0. I agree. Can we call it fraud? To my non-legally-trained eyes it seems to match the definition -- the wording seems to suggest that someone doesn't have to literally lie to commit fraud, and while I doubt the courts are ready to consider dark patterns deceptive and misleading, I think a UX specialist could very reasonably make that jump for the purposes of their own speech. Wikipedia: > In criminal law, fraud is intentional deception made for personal gain or to damage another individual law.com: > the intentional use of deceit, a trick or some dishonest means to deprive another of his/her/its money, property or a legal right legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com > A false representation of a matter of fact—whether by words or by conduct, by false or misleading allegations, or by concealment of what should have been disclosed—that deceives and is intended to deceive another so that the individual will act upon it to her or his legal injury. fbi.gov, justice.gov: > [Ponzi Schemes, Fake Lotteries, and Pump&Dump Schemes are typical examples of fraud] I doubt that one of the above could save themselves from the wrath of the justice department by burying a disclaimer in a heap of legalese served up alongside their bait (otherwise they would be doing it en masse). So the question is what fundamentally separates these from smaller-denomination uses of dark patterns. I'd love for someone who knows what they're talking about to weigh in. What's wrong with treating symptoms? If the alternative is treating the cause, then yes, treating the symptoms is foolish. But why do you expect the cause to be treatable in this case? We can't (and shouldn't) fix everyone's routine in granite for all of eternity. So that leaves us with the concrete good to be realized from treating the symptoms. The "concrete good" in this case is saving babies. I find it very difficult to call that anything but a win. Yes, you do have a reason: the practice and preparation to be anonymous takes months/years. I don't care if you're Bruce Schneier and Richard Stallman rolled into one, you will slip up the first time you try. 100% guaranteed. The standard for needing this kind of anonymity is anticipation of a use case. By the time the use case is at your door, it is too late and if you are unprepared your best bet is to bend over / run away (as the situation permits). It's not legalized bribery, it's mandatory bribery. You can't win an election without campaign funds. We have a system that literally mandates bribery. It's nuts. First step: campaign finance reform. There was a nifty proposal that got posted to HN a while ago, but it fell off the front page in minutes. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6461076 http://anticorruptionact.org/ The idea is to give partial public funding to campaigns through $100 tax rebates to individual donors. The bill appears to be the usual "campaign finance refrom + next year's loophole" junk, but it's teeth sink in (loopholes slam shut) when campaigns want to take advantage of individual rebated contributions. It's actual reform dressed in fake PR-reform's clothing, trying to fly in under the radar. I'd love to see it get a chance. The idea was to attack fragmentation, which is a huge cost center in the health industry. A smaller individual insurance plan * Has to pay more for drugs (less bargaining power vs a big plan) * Has more statistical risk (# people goes with N, stdev in # people with a given illness goes with sqrt(N), so risk/person goes with sqrt(N)/N and larger plans have less risk) * Has larger legal/consulting overhead * Forces doctors to incur overhead with nonstandard forms * Is vulnerable to the bandwagon effect (if, by accident, it happens to favor X group of costly individuals, the costly individuals proceed to pile on and sink the plan) * Has the ability to discriminate based on fine-grained geographical knowledge and other factors * Has an under-leveraged customer base (if the plan is "secretly evil" and dumps people who need expensive treatment and 1% of people require expensive treatment, a 100 person plan will have 0 or maybe 1 person being screwed at any given time, while a 10000 person plan will have ~100 people being screwed who are much more able to band together and fight a legal/PR battle) Previously, small plans were able to flourish because of #6 and #7, incurring #1-5 as costs of doing business. This was bad for everyone except insurance companies. The best way to turn a profit in the insurance industry is to sell insurance priced for a medium-risk person to a low-risk individual(or hi-risk price to a medium-risk person). If you look closely, this kind of "innovation" is actually just restoring the pre-insurance reality of charging sick people a lot and healthy people very little. It defeats the purpose of insurance while increasing costs (#1-5) and letting the people in charge of the purpose-defeating process pocket a hefty cut of the proceeds by fooling people into buying overpriced coverage. Exchanges are designed to put an end to the tragedy of the commons. The savings from #1-5 can be recouped at the expense of eliminating #6 and #7, which were perverse incentives anyway. Even if you disagree with my explanations, it is objectively true that employer plans are much more efficient than individual plans (E(payout)/E(cost) is larger). You can then see the ACA exchanges as an attempt to reform individual plans to emulate employer plans. Of course, it remains "cargo cult economics" unless you can figure out why you expect the emulation to close the gap in value, which is what I was doing with the list in the first place. In other words: I have provided 7 possible explanations that I think make sense but there are even more out there which I don't agree with and haven't listed. The government has many mechanisms through which it distributes subsidies, and while I'm sure the centralized exchange is going to be one of the most efficient and convenient, I'm not nearly so certain that the difference will be larger than the effects it has on the market. Let me be concrete. According to [1] (which gets its numbers from the CBO), individual plans have 29% administrative overhead as opposed to 12% for employer plans. If the exchanges successfully emulate employer plans, they save 17%*$300b = $51b per year in health care costs. Unless the exchange program is 10,000% more efficient than its alternatives (tax subsidy, payments to companies, etc) then the effects I listed dominate. In any case, the exchanges were designed with the explicit intent of making the individual insurance market more efficient, not merely making subsidy disbursement more efficient. http://www.americanprogressaction.org/issues/healthcare/repo... > It is hard to argue with what is unfolding before our very eyes What we are seeing right now (~.5B waste) is a drop in the bucket compared to waste in the US system as compared to socialized systems. We pay ~2x as much for comparable health care (per person per mean PPP-adjusted GDP/capita) [1]. That is about 250b/yr we are spending on a (more closely) free market system that keeps promising to be more efficient than its social counterparts and keeps failing to deliver, or even deliver in the same ballpark. I realize that HN is a site about code, but it's important to keep some perspective here. $500M (itself an inflated figure) is 0.2% of $250b. If it is hard to ague against $500M of waste, it surely must be nearly impossible to argue against $250b of yearly, recurring waste, no? How do you ignore these figures?! If you're going to argue that our system makes up the difference with better outcomes, I want to see numbers. I happen to know that they don't support this argument, but I want you to do the search so that you can't dismiss my sources by assuming they were cherry-picked. > I happen to think ... Free market decentralized healthcare ... would have been a far better approach Of course, $250b/yr includes the cost of providing care as well as administration. Perhaps administration of a free market system is more efficient? Not when you compare the US (31% administrative overhead) to Canada (16.7%) or the UK (6%) [2], [3]. This isn't a surprising result, either: I recently listed 7 reasons why exchanges should be more efficient than current individual plans [4] and you can add the profit margin and advertising costs to that list to come up with 9 advantages a single-payer system would have over a free market health care system. Markets are good at optimizing things that can be quantified, so perhaps a better comparison would be between medicare and private insurance (not overall administration, just the insurance part). Again, the government systems come out ahead: Medicare overhead is 3.6%, Canada's insurance-related overhead is 1.3%, and overhead among private US insurers is 11.7% [2]. > Cheaper, faster, better. All three. [citation needed] See [5] for a more complete overview of the pro-single-payer argument and a truckload of reputably-sourced studies and comparisons (as opposed to hand-wavey promises) to back it up. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_heal... [2] http://www.pnhp.org/single_payer_resources/administrative_wa... [3] http://nhsrationing.org/tag/administrative-costs/ [4] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6582753 [5] http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-resources You're cherry picking: laser eye surgery has effective competition, elastic demand, no information asymmetry, and it is priced well within the annual (even monthly) earning potential of most Americans. It's a service that I would expect the free market to be able to provide efficiently and it does not surprise me that it succeeds. The free market is very good at optimizing value creation under certain circumstances and it's great that laser eye surgery matches up with those requirements. Unfortunately, when it comes to policy we do not get to cherry-pick the conditions under which the rest of the system operates, and the other parts of the health care market run under conditions that demonstrably throw the free market for a loop (hence the system-level failures vs socialized systems I pointed out above). Cancer treatments cannot be paid for out of most people's savings. "Customers" do not always have the chance to shop around between providers (w/o insurance) and those that do use insurance experience a 99% deleveraging effect because only the 1% that have extraordinary costs are in a position to examine the value of what they bought. Do you have a proposed mechanism of breaking information asymmetries, re-leveraging disproportionately expensive consumers, and standardizing the coverage provided by free market plans? Do you have a way of pricing the 5 externalities I listed into the insurance providers' budgets? Has your proposal been implemented in a dozen other countries and proven to be comparatively cost effective for decades? What is your answer to the figures that show that our system in aggregate is 2-10x less efficient than comparable social systems? Anybody can cherry pick a counterexample. Anybody can speculatively extrapolate it out to a convenient conclusion. But the single-payer advocates can point to a mountain of directly relevant apples-to-apples evidence regarding the industry as a whole that does not require extrapolating across markets or cherry picking conditions / good years. To me, it appears to be a mountain of evidence vs a pebble. Do you really think the the implicit strength of extrapolation from the (very) special case of laser eye surgery carries weight against these empirical apples-to-apples comparisons? > And anybody can do what you are doing. So where are the 12 countries of comparable levels of economic development that are operating with 1/2 to 1/10 the administrative overhead of the social systems? If it's so easy to support your argument with evidence, why are you arguing with philosophical generalities instead? I understand how the free market is supposed to work and why it usually does work. I'm still a huge fan, contrary to what you read between the lines (I agree with you on deregulating education, for instance). More on that later. But something is amiss in the US health care market. The socialists are beating us. By a lot. Not overall -- I do not believe their higher taxes provide a better net return for someone like me, not by a long shot, and so I do not plan to move -- but it is possible to section out health care for purposes of comparison, and our system has a 2-3x worse value proposition along that dimension. We agree about the general principle that markets tend to have better self-corrective properties than rulebooks. Where we disagree is that I think healthcare is an exception. A glaring exception that we have invested trillions of dollars into trying to fit with our free-market-is-better worldview and still find that it's an exception. What we already pay for medicare and medicaid would provide universal coverage if our system were as efficient as Canada's or the UK's (in terms of percent PPP adjusted GDP/capita spent on health care), so this isn't even a philosophical question about how much we want to spend on government-mandated charity. It's a question of getting value for the money we are already spending. You could postulate that the medicare/medicaid administration is spending money inefficiently, but two facts suggest otherwise. First, the overhead of medicare/medicaid administration is ~4% (vs 12-30% for private insurance), so the money isn't disappearing into the bureaucracy itself. Second, medicare/medicaid drive a harder bargain than almost any other insurance plan (ask your doctor next time you visit, the administrators do not like dealing with medicare/medicaid), so it's difficult to argue that medicare/medicaid are responsible for our inefficient health industry We have two options: 1) Keep spending 20% of our GDP on health care (vs our neighbors at 10%) while we try different permutations of rules and hope to land on one that fixes the free-market feedback mechanisms and kicks it into gear. 2) Cut our losses and copy/paste the well-tested solution, using other countries as a template until we have health care at 10%GDP rather than 20%GDP. Option #1 has been in the whack-a-mole stage for decades (the feedback mechanisms are broken by default, more on that later) and shows no concrete or theoretical signs of letting up. I'm for option #2. The experiment has been run, the results are in. Healing the feedback mechanisms in the health care market was a harder problem than it appeared. Saying that the next set of regulations or deregulations will make our health care market do a U-turn seems crazy to me, like saying that communism is the way of the future in 1990 while the USSR is busy collapsing. This time it's our turn to cut our losses, thankfully in a less traumatic manner. > I can't even attempt to understand where you might be coming from. MSCS student, ex-libertarian. I took a health care policy class in undergrad to satisfy a requirement and it changed my worldview. I had heard that the US health care market was inefficient, so I thought it would be a good place to look for opportunity. I thought that maybe I could use my data-fu to help make it better and possibly turn a profit while I was at it. The health care policy class seemed like a good place to get a 1000-ft overview of the industry. As I learned more about the specifics of the health care market, I realized that the problems weren't due to a strange historical trajectory, barriers to entry, obsolete/misguided regulation, failure to adapt, monopoly/lock-in, or any of the challenges I was familiar with from the software world. Not fundamentally, at least. The usual problems have analogs in other countries, yet they're doing just fine compared to us. The "traditional problems" explain waste on the order of billions while the efficiency gap that needs to be explained is on the order of trillions (per year). I have already listed the explanations that I think best account for the gap, but to make a long story short: the health care market is the perfect storm of factors that frustrate the free-market optimization process. > When it comes to healthcare the free market approach would create efficient markets quickly due to competition. So why has this failed to happen? Our current system does not suffer from monopoly or regulatory capture. You are free to shop around between insurance plans, yet they operate at 3x the overhead of medicare/medicaid and 2x the entire (not just insurance) administrative overhead of the UK's NHS. What do you plan to change and why do you think it will succeed where past efforts have failed? I have an explanation for the failure, and it is not one that deregulation will fix: Customer feedback through buy/no buy decisions is broken in the health insurance industry. In other industries that also aren't plagued by monopoly, dissatisfied customers push back by not buying a product. In the health care industry, a strange situation arises where customers don't know that they've been duped. The bulk of costs are concentrated in a handful of customers (those that get cancer, get in a terrible car crash, etc) so if an insurance policy figures out a way to dump the expensive patients, 99% of customers never realize that the piece of mind they have bought is worthless and they never demand better. This isn't hypothetical, this is precisely what happens: by design, private insurance doesn't actually shield one from the cost of a debilitating injury or illness, leading to the statistic that 62% of personal bankruptcies in the US were caused by medical problems even though 78% of those people had insurance [1]. The insurance companies make sure each person has just enough "responsibility" so that they can dump their own responsibility if it ever actually comes due. Innovation in the insurance industry happens largely by finding new, clever ways of fooling people into thinking they are covered for something that they are not. > How do we deal with that situation? I'd say much like we do with auto insurance. You own it. It's yours. It does not live and die with your employer. Paying for insurance through your employer is a legitimate market innovation that decreases statistical, legal, and bandwagon-effect risk. Your employer provides two services to you: they aggregate your bargaining power with the rest of their employees, driving a better deal, and they decorrelate you with the specifics of the plan because you will take what they give you (bypassing the bandwagon effect). This isn't speculative, the market has already spoken, and declared that individual insurance is more expensive (if you think otherwise, go form an individual insurance company and sell it for less). As a libertarian, you, of all people, should respect this. The PPACA's exchanges attempt to mimic the beneficial effects of an employer without going through an actual employer. I suspect it will work at least a little bit, after adjusting for the fact that we have sealed some of the loopholes individual plans used to dump sick people, which will necessarily increase costs. But I don't think we'll see administrative overhead fall even to 2x what we see in a typical social system, because most of the market problems are still there, and a single-payer system is still the limiting case of addressing the problems in [2] individually. > What to do about the really poor who can't afford any of it. We help them, of course. The details are not important here. We help them. Period. If you can't possibly pay for your insurance we, as a society, have a mechanism through which you will have it. This creates a discontinuity in marginal incentives (or reduction in marginal incentives if you pro-rate between income brackets) that single-payer doesn't, in addition to retaining all the problems of small plans listed in [2]. > we can always let observe them for a while and THEN decide The cost of continuing to experiment with the free-market solution is 45,000 deaths [3] and $1.3T every year ([4], assuming we could figure out how to emulate one of the ~16 single-payer systems ahead of us in health rankings [5] right now). I would not call this "beautiful." Health care just isn't as compatible with the free market as the internet. We've tried extraordinarily hard to make it work but it hasn't happened yet. A better analogy for free market health care would be the Hurd, scaled to $2.7T/yr. It's a beautiful vision, but there are some major architectural and compatibility issues that have been proven to separate concept from reality, all while there's a perfectly serviceable Linux kernel available that is * 2x as fast costs 1/2 as much * less buggy USA is dead last in top 17 health rankings [5] * more compatible doesn't pay 2x for drugs because of size disparities when bargaining w/drug companies * has a smaller memory footprint observed lower administrative overhead in medicare vs private, universal vs private [6] [1] http://www.businessweek.com/bwdaily/dnflash/content/jun2009/... [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6582753 [3] http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-find... [4] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_heal... [5] http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/01/new-health... [6] http://www.pnhp.org/publications/nejmadmin.pdf Just the opposite. We already know that she chose physics even though the prior of being a woman made that choice less likely. We can infer that she was probably more dedicated to the subject itself than her average peer. The fact that she eventually made it in academia supports this hypothesis. Another possibility is that she had a partner willing to support her if things went south. Obviously this situation isn't unique to women, but I do think it's slightly more probable for a woman to have such a partner. If this is the case, PaulHoule's point becomes that the decision to enter grad school only made sense for her because of the artificially reduced consequences of p(failure). Even if affirmative action did play a role (a recent paper found very damning, well-controlled evidence of systematic bias against women in the evaluation process, so I wouldn't assume this with any degree of certainty), PaulHoule could have simply been observing that she saw a better p(success) and was therefore the only one willing to take the leap. Or maybe PaulHoule is a misogynist. But I'd be willing to bet against you if you still thought that. Exactly. This sort of thing is what embedded programming is all about. "Real Time Computing" is the relevant keyword. Just like a frontend dev learns HTML/CSS/JSframeworks and a backend dev learns JSframeworks/Node/(no)SQL, embedded developers learn about creating real-time, fault tolerant, highly recoverable systems. Tell an embedded engineer that he should consult with Boeing and he'll give you the same strained smile that you would give a family member who suggested consulting with Amazon/Ebay/YouTube because "they are good at making websites." > First. Academia is chock full of socialist extremists. Not sure how well you are/where able to see through this if present and filter it out. You are correct that the academic frame of reference played a large role in developing my worldview, but bias swings both ways. I think it's telling that I am able to back my arguments with specific measurements and comparisons while you resort to philosophical generalities. Economic incentives in the software industry tend to match competence, effort, and risk-taking with just reward, at least to some degree. Developers tend towards libertarianism because they and their associates are able to make the market work for them. Favorable economic conditions shelter them from market failures (health care costs 2x as much? Eh, it was a benefit anyway, and a small fraction of a typical yearly salary in any case). Unfortunately for academics, the good they produce is neither excludable nor easily measurable, leading to systemic undervaluation by the market (I'm not talking about CS research here so much as the hard sciences). They are more directly exposed to the market's hairy underbelly and tend to be more skeptical of the whole endeavor because in their day to day lives they and their associates have a much more difficult time coupling value creation to market-provided reward. > Don't think for a minute that a class such as that actually reflects reality without getting out to the real world. In other words, trust but verify. Don't think for a minute that the tech/startup scene (to include your employment experience and entrepreneurial activities) actually reflects the bulk of America or the world. Your real world experience is far too narrow to be relevant to the issue at hand. You cannot decide how to manage a forest by staring at a blade of grass. As an in-demand professional (married to another in-demand professional) your experiences are not only nonrepresentative but provably atypical. You need numbers, not self-gratifying philosophical principles to see past this bias. > You are wrong about such things as medicare being wonderful. I never said that. I think our hybrid system is a monstrosity. What I did say was that medicare had low administrative overhead compared to private insurance plans, defined as E(1-cost/payout). In other words, private plans are provably failing to deliver on their promise of greater efficiency by a factor of 4 (and these are the efficient employer-aggregated plans). I also said medicare drove a hard bargain as compared to private plans, a claim which I can substantiate [1], in order to head off a potential attempt to shuffle the blame for the US's inflated costs onto medicare. The hybrid system is a monstrosity, but I conclude that the private half is dragging down the public half, not vice-versa. My reasons: * International comparisons (universal systems are beating us by a factor of 2 at cost metrics and matching our quality metrics even if you ignore the ~50M people our system dumps entirely) * Explicit reasoning about why the health care market is a rat's nest of edge cases for the free market [3] * Internal comparisons between medicare and private insurance (the 2 reasons I listed which you straw-manned into "medicare is wonderful") > you seem to be ignoring the effects our litigious society has on the cost of, well, everything Because malpractice insurance accounts for Doctors disproportionately care about litigious waste just like HNers disproportionately care about ACA exchange contracting waste. Both concerns hide the bigger picture. As bad as these two problems are, they are tiny compared to the macroeconomic problems. Billions vs trillions. [1] http://www.californiahealthline.org/articles/2013/10/15/stud... [2] http://www.justice.org/cps/rde/justice/hs.xsl/8686.htm [3] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6582297 But then your definition depends on the definition of temperature (energy/entropy) which in turn depends on the definition of mass. You might say "make all measurements at the triple point" but then you are still stuck with the problem of dealing with thermal fluctuations and structural variation (liquids have uniform structure only in a weak statistical sense) in addition to the practical problem of ensuring uniform composition at the triple point. This idea doesn't work for benchtop measurements (How do you determine that you have 1 mole of H2O? By measuring it's mass!) and it doesn't make sense for high-precision measurements where you need to provide a mechanism to allow the experimenter to make the error arbitrarily small. One of the leading proposals for the 2014 redefinition is very similar in spirit, though: defining Avagadro's number to be an actual number rather than a derived quantity (effectively this uses Carbon 12 as the mass standard). Another proposal is to define Planck's constant. I can't comment on the measurability of this one, but it would probably make people studying atomic physics happy because they like to use units that set most common constants to one, and the redefinition would make more of these implicit factors of 1 defined, rather than measured quantities. It's not just the encyclopedia entry on the US. In "The Wealth of Nations" Adam Smith himself argues that the market isn't suited to some economic sectors. I believe his examples were infrastructure, police, fire, and military, but education and health care wouldn't exactly be outliers and I'm sure if he were alive today he'd give the arguments for a single-payer system due consideration. > However, in practice, I haven't seen this happening, I'm not an economist but I see there are [worse] agency problems, regulatory capture problems, etc.. Socialized medicine certainly has its problems, but I suspect that you might have dismissed the possibility on principle (as opposed to giving it a thorough look) because we actually do have a basis for comparison, the international community, and the overall trend doesn't agree with your supposition. Single-payer systems in other countries manage to provide comparable care (in terms of outcomes) at half the cost [1], without leaving 15% of the population completely in the lurch [2], and without increasing barriers-to-entry for aspiring entrepreneurs. If our care providers matched that level of efficiency (cost per GDP per capita), the medicare and medicaid budgets would suffice to cover universal health care. Say what you will about theoretical waste and efficiency, but keep in mind that the experiment has already been run and the results are in: single-payer systems are more efficient. Not by 5% or 10% or a standard deviation, but by a factor of 2. I like to compare free market health care to the GNU Hurd. It's a great idea in theory because it applies a solid, generalizable principle to an important problem but in practice devolves into a rat's nest of practical issues that frustrate the vision (I can talk about these at great length if anyone is interested: the problems are concrete and intuitive, but complicated). In this analogy, single-payer health insurance plays the role of Linux: a perfectly workable, well-tested alternative that performs better and with fewer bugs, even if it doesn't hold the same alluring promise of eventual simplicity and possible eventual superiority. The US is like the hacker that sacrifices his career in order to stick exclusively with the Hurd. Except when it comes to health care the cost for "sticking with it" is ~$1.3T (50% of 2.7T) and 45,000 lives per year [3]. I'd rather cut our losses and go with single-payer. EDIT: [2] is an excellent compilation of work on the subject ("work" as in "papers that include actual numbers and well-reasoned arguments as opposed to philosophical musings") [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_heal... [2] http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-resources [3] http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-find... Well known properties like smell? Finding such a person would be difficult (but not impossible) for you or for me, but conditional probabilities work heavily in the NSA's favor. They have thousands of in-house people already satisfying 1, 2, and 3. 5 can be perfected by a team and taught to any of those thousands of people and 4 can be achieved with resume tweaking and, at most, a few repeat trials. It's the same reason why security through obscurity doesn't work: if you chain together 5 obfuscation layers that each keep out 80% of competent hackers, in total they probably keep out 85% or 90% of competent hackers if you're lucky, but certainly not 99.99%, because everyone who bypasses the first layer has a much higher probability of having the skills to bypass the other layers as well. The Thorium publicity spree is about rebranding nuclear power, not about having a technical discussion. If the only message that gets across is "new thorium reactors are safer than old reactors," it's still a win for everyone involved because this message is a subset of the truth (new reactor designs are safer than old designs in general). I don't think the public properly appreciates the extent to which nuclear safety mechanisms have improved dramatically over time, not least because a design's safety profile is largely "frozen in" when it is built, so we occasionally see a half-century old "bug" rear its head (Fukushima). The public sees it as evidence against the safety claims of future nuclear plants, even though it is not (quite the opposite: building newer, safer plants lets us retire the old, dangerous ones). Rebranding might get them to take another look. Actually, I think including as much detail as the parent post did might be a net negative because it muddies the core message. Simplicity and straightforwardness are key. First of all, there are four kinds of "Fourier transforms" in common use, so the cardinality problem that you have observed cannot really be discussed until we pick one to talk about. For instance, the FT maps uncountable to uncountable and the DFT maps finite to finite (and can be understood with intro Linear Algebra as a change of basis). The things we are calling countable and uncountable are actually dimensionalities of vector spaces, since real multiples of a single function would produce an uncountable set. Anyway, here are the types of transforms: D=continuous domain, d=discrete domain, E=infinite extent, e=finite extent time domain frequency domain Fourier Transform: DE DE Fourier Series: De dE Discrete Time Fourier Transform: dE De Discrete Fourier Transform: de de The cardinality mismatch shows up for FS and DTFT. It is resolved through a different notion of equality than you may be used to. The "distance" between two functions can be measured using several norms, and when this distance is zero we claim two functions are equal. L1, L2, and Linf are the common ones. Linf corresponds to pointwise equality, which is what you assumed (not unreasonably) that they meant. L1 and L2 do not. L1 norm: d(f,g)=integrate(abs(f(x)-g(x)),a,b) L2 norm: d(f,g)^2=integrate(abs(f(x)-g(x))^2,a,b) Linf norm: d(f,g)=max(f(x)-g(x)) over the interval (a,b) Fourier Series only guarantee reproduction (take the transform and then take the inverse to get the reproduced curve) up to the L2 norm. This makes physicists and engineers happy, since L2 norms correspond to energy measurements, and if the difference between two physical quantities has no energy then it's effectively irrelevant to physical processes. The remaining hurdles for mathematicians are to show that 1) The reproduction coefficients found by the transform are the best possible coefficients (the curve they generate is closer to the original than for any other set of coefficients of the same size). This is a trivial proof using inner products that usually goes by a name like "best approximation theorem" or "generalized pythagorean theorem." 2) Reproducible curves are dense in the space of actual curves. That is, there is always a reproducible curve that has zero L2 difference from an arbitrary input curve. If this is true, then by #1 we know that the transforms will find it. Unfortunately, this proof is quite involved. A "quick and dirty" method uses the Stone-Wierstrass theorem (polynomials can reproduce continuous functions with arbitrary L1 or L2 fidelity + the FS can reproduce polynomials with arbitrary L2 fidelity). A better method arises in the context of Sturm-Liouville theory that generalizes "density" to solutions of a large class of differential equations. This is important for physicists and engineers because it justifies normal mode expansions even when the normal modes aren't perfect sinusoids. If you want to know more, any linear algebra book that discusses inner products should hit on #1. For #2 you want an Analysis textbook. Analysis is a tough subject so it's far more important to be sure that the book starts at your level and has an understandable proof of Stone-Wierstrass than it is to be sure that it covers this exact topic. If it doesn't, supplement it with the first few chapters from "Completeness and Basis Properties of Sets of Special Functions" by Higgins and you'll be set. >> The dimensionality of L^2(R) is still countable. At this point I was implicitly talking about Linf(R). Does it still have countable dimension? With the sup norm I'm pretty sure the answer is no, but with Lp taken at p->inf maybe it does? In any case, thanks for cleaning up the rough edges. > I don't care about inequality (of outcome). I care about suffering. I subscribe to a different argument with the same conclusion: I care about the inefficiency in the way we, as a society, handle our human resources. Poverty is a morass of catch-22s that conspire to perpetuate the problem rather than solve it, and that's a waste of human potential no matter how you slice it. The minimum-wage worker who spends 1/3 of his time on his first job, 1/3 of his time on his second job, and 1/3 of his time in a perpetually unrewarding search for something better has no time or energy left for putting himself in a better position to create value for society. He is aware of the problem and he knows the theoretical solution. It is not necessarily a lack of discipline or market insight that hold him back, it's the inability to take on risk in the form of investing time and resources into a new mode of value production that make it an unattractive option. If he tries and fails, food, shelter, and health care become mutually exclusive "luxuries" next month. HN is full of entrepreneurs who are acutely aware of the importance of being able to take risks, but it is important to realize that we (the software engineering profession) are, at the moment, comparatively well sheltered from the wrath of the market by the fact that we posses a skill that is currently in demand, and even with this shielding many of us opt for risk aversion. If we fail, our fallback plan is a cushy $100k job that we can use as a springboard for our next attempt. Our "punishment" is a temporary stint at helping someone else build their dream. On the other hand, if Sam the supermarket checkout clerk, Mike the aspiring musician, or Anne the academic go into business and fail, their punishment will be far more draconian and far less amenable to taking another chance. The thing is, we (as a society) don't really want more supermarket clerks, street musicians, and struggling adjunct professors. We want these people to be successful because they will generate 100x the value if they are! But we are unwilling to invest the comparative pittance to cover their base needs to let them try and fail. If we played our cards right, social welfare would become an investment, not a parasitic nuisance. Unfortunately our current welfare policy (to include minimum wage) is filled with so many perverse incentives that it probably accounts for a solid half of the poverty-perpetuating morass of catch-22s I lamented earlier, if not more. What's funny is that I regularly see people on opposite sides of the socialist/libertarian axis agree abut both the problem and the solution, even if their intermediate reasoning is different. I think you'll take my word about the socialists, but here's Milton Friedman discussing the negative income tax: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtpgkX588nM In my experience established PIs tend to delegate a healthy fraction of the responsibility for managing technical staff, mentoring students, and even acquiring funding to their postdocs. In turn, faculty search committees see this experience as crucial, and competition for academic jobs is strong enough (~100 applicants per position, last I heard) that I would imagine any new PI should have a fair amount of experience under their belt. At the PhD level and above, academia seems to revolve around managing one's personal brand. Publishing a few good papers isn't enough, you have to be "THE guy/girl" in an in-demand specialty to get a job. Your observation that this requires a business/PR/advertising mentality in addition to the ability to do solid research is spot on, but I think the game changes long before professor-hood, and I think that anyone who successfully obtains an entry-level professorship has already demonstrated competence at playing it. Here's what future career paths very roughly look like for new grads (based on my own perceptions, not glassdoor): Trying to Cure Cancer: $25k/yr, bump to $40k after 6 years Engineering Medical Devices, Airplanes, etc: $60k/yr Trying to Build the Next Twitter: $100k/yr, $150k/yr after 6 years Helping Rich People Game the System to Get Richer: $150k/yr, $300k/yr after a few years if successful The desire to stay in academia comes from having different priorities than the market. Many/most people do. The people who don't usually happen to specialize in a field that the market is currently smiling upon. It's great if your dream can be gently tweaked to be compatible with market considerations, but please understand that for most people this is not the case. There are many Big Problems lurking on the horizon where intermediate progress can't be monetized. Academia lets you work on them. The market doesn't. > simple systems are easy, complex systems are hard This is exactly the oversimplification these posts intended to disprove. The complexity of an airplane or rocket, measured in terms of design components or interacting subsystems or what have you, is miniscule compared to any piece of software that could be written with the same budget. An even more extreme example would be science: after 6 years, the complexity of a PhD's discoveries is microscopic next to the complexity of software that he/she could have written (or did write) in the same time. The amount of functional complexity achievable per effort invested varies dramatically between fields based on the time and cost of iteration, the time, cost, and power of relevant diagnostic tools, and the availability of domain-specific knowledge. It's an important fact to keep in mind when judging someone else's work or deciding to switch occupations/markets/fields. It's not easy. It's damned difficult and we both know it. But effort "funnels down" into conceptually simple results even more often in non-software engineering. It has to, or physical engineers would never get anything done. Choices like fuel/oxidizer composition, stage design, and nozzle type can be (relatively) easily specified no matter how much trouble went into deciding between alternatives. Pages of physics calculations and days of simulation bake down into a few numerical parameters in the final design. I think what's happening here is that you know and respect the amount of effort that goes into rocketry and your mind is inferring a level of complexity that matches. Effort(times)skill is one correct way to judge the magnitude of a project, but I argue that complexity of the product bears little relation to either effort(times)skill or the project's success. Rocketry was a bad example because the scale of a typical rocketry project is so large that dividing by cost (or effort(times)skill) becomes critical to making the comparison. Yeah, I suspect this is the major factor. Or maybe I'm just bitter after going to blender.org this morning and finding that they have ditched their orange-on-black color scheme for the "white minimalist + photo" style that's all the rage these days. Bleh. I'd guess that moderation (as measured by 2-4 as opposed to 1 or 5 stars) is a worse predictor of an opinion's relevance than even the most simplistic automated classification of textual or behavioral feedback. I wish I had more than one upvote to give, you hit it on the head. Apple of all companies has tried repeatedly (and failed repeatedly) to bring programming to the masses. It doesn't seem to matter if you format the task so that it looks like making a slideshow, pressing a record button / writing English prose, or moving + connecting blocks. Programming still requires that the programmer be able to break an abstract task into concrete chunks, and even though there was a plausible argument that Hypercard/Applescript/Automator might have made the task easier or more discoverable, it didn't turn out to be the case. I learned to code in AppleScript Studio, so I know what I'm talking about here: moving to C/ObjC felt like a breath of fresh air, not a hurdle. Syntax, pointers, and memory management were much easier to learn than the nuances of the strange restricted subset of English that was AppleScript. Before you learn to break things down, no analogy (or even record button) is going to help you write code. After you learn how to break things down, an expressive language + good documentation is simply the best tool for the job. Also, with XCode/Instruments downloadable for free, easier to use, and more powerful than ever, I think it's a bit silly to slam Apple for this one. There might be an argument for slamming Microsoft, but VS Express isn't that bad IMO. There is definitely an argument for slamming nix, but decentralized authority is inherently incompatible with the kind of reform that would make the nix desktop programming experience more palatable to newcomers and open source libraries are a boon for function discovery, so it's still a bit of a wash. Web development as a desktop platform has inarguably improved by leaps and bounds over the past few years. StackOverflow has dramatically smoothed the learning process for all of these. I'm pretty sure the long term trend is exactly the opposite of what OP said: getting started with programming has never been easier, and the people who make programming environments have been working tirelessly and trying everything in their power (even moonshots) to make the process easier and more newcomer-friendly. None of the moonshots worked but the more traditional efforts have paid off in spades. The raw material is worthless. It's the processing that is expensive. Does anyone have numbers indicating the extent to which tuition subsidizes research funding or vice versa? I (and most HNers, I'd assume) wouldn't shed many tears over seeing the extraordinarily exploitative and inefficient institution of college education go through disruption. My experience has been that online lectures, course material, and forum discussions are more than up to the task of replacing their physical counterparts (pause+rewind is a killer feature, and the discussions in online forums are miles above anything I experienced in section/recitation). Hands-on labs are about the only thing that ought to have a marginal cost in this day and age. But I hate to think what disruption could do to academia. There are a handful of big (sometimes existential!) problems lurking on the horizon which absolutely rely on academia because incremental progress isn't amenable to monetization. I'm most worried about the drug industry. It's imploding (google "inverse moore's law"), leaving the basic science required to get over the slump in the hands of academics, and I don't want to wait 50 years for high-efficiency gene therapy (or let China grab the market) just because the research is tied to an outdated educational system. I know there's very little anyone can do about it, but I need to know the extent to which college tuition subsidizes said research before I can form a solid opinion on disruption. EDIT: Got off my ass and googled it. The NSF estimated in 1994 that 9.5% of research funding comes from tuition [1]. I would like to formally submit one internet-vote in favor of disruption, along with one internet vote to increase research funding to compensate :) [1] http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/issuebrf/sib97313.htm Yes! 1.5x is fantastic! It solves the impedance mismatch inherent in human speech. 90% of what is being said takes 5% brainpower to process while the remaining 10% takes 300% of available brainpower. If you have to listen at 1x speed you are either bored and sleepy or falling further and further behind, sometimes both. The pause button solves the falling-behind problem and 1.5x speed solves the boredom problem. I sure hope it does. I have paid entirely too much for my predecessor's CUDA lessons through the premium NV charges for their cards. Unfortunately, I'm pretty sure NV is entrenched at this point. My AMD card and my resolution to port everything I needed to use lasted about 3 months, and that was without any CUBLAS dependencies :( Variance in the backgrounds of your audience and variance in the physical state of your audience (tired, sick, etc) places a strict upper bound on how well you can communicate. If one student isn't experiencing an impedance mismatch, you can probably find another that is, unless the class is extremely small and homogeneous. Pause+rewind is robust to these problems. Machine Learning, Drug Development, Nuclear Energy, VLSI: Logic to Layout, Computer Architecture, and Analytical Chemistry were all somewhere between "good" and "great" in my book. ML and NE were aimed at non-specialists and weren't rigorous. Maybe that's the objection? It's unfair to criticize Coursera for having survey courses if they also have deep courses, which they do. It would be nice if they had more, but that's not really a criticism. They may "bring in" more than their salaries (I suspect they don't, which is a separate issue -- the incompetent bumbling cited in the article seems to be the rule rather than the exception) but even if they do "bring in" more than they cost, it doesn't mean they aren't bloat. Competition for students is a zero-sum game. Luring students to one university takes them away from another. The value of a strategic school administrator to society (the extent to which they better inform students of their options minus the extent to which they convince students to act against their interests) is tiny compared to their value to the particular school which employs them (some number of student tuitions). The difference between the two values can reasonably be called 'bloat'. This is a known flaw of free markets that we usually write off as a cost of doing business. If you present the invisible hand with a prisoner's dilemma, it falls for it every goddamn time. The 'bloat' is then the difference between the cooperative solution and the nash equilibrium. In this case, the cost is egregious enough (it is very high and it is imposed upon a very vulnerable population) that we might want to pay attention. I doubt we will, leaving disruption as the only hope for the education market. Exactly right: you have to recognize that the moon is in orbit/freefall with respect to Earth, which means there is no gravitation near its center of mass and only tidal forces away from the center of mass. Then you have to estimate that the tidal forces on the astronaut will be small compared to the moon's gravitational forces on him. None of this even counts centrifugal forces from the moon's rotation or effects of the sun. Nested non-intertial reference frames play merry hell with the simplicity of a FBD sans prior knowledge (or solid logical reasoning) about what can be neglected. Even with a physics degree, my kneejerk reaction didn't come from first principles. I, too, was doing "stupid pattern matching" -- the only initial difference between me and the floating-pen-people was that I happened to know that gravitational acceleration could be reasonably approximated as constant on large astronomical bodies (moon is g/6). It took a few seconds for the "otherwise the planetary body would disintegrate" argument to occur to me and even longer for the formal mathematical picture. > the problem is that it's always the other guy or some corporation who's being unfair Self-interest doesn't make someone incorrect. Isn't that one of the tenets of libertarianism? Also, it's not like the free market is some kind of objective tie-breaker. Outcomes in a market are highly sensitive to regulatory conditions. Before you suggest doing away with as many regulations as possible, consider that "regulatory conditions" can include things as basic as the definition of property, which is a problem that cannot be dodged in even the most libertarian of societies. Does society have a notion of intellectual property? If not, how do you propose to fund drug development? Can infrastructure be privately owned? If so, how do you stop natural monopolies from destroying competition? Should a company be allowed to buy up property surrounding your house and then ransom travel through their property off for all you are worth plus all you can borrow? The list goes on. > I'd say it is completely unfair that a government takes a portion of my income Whoa, there! You're assuming what you set out to prove: that the government's slice was yours to begin with. The social contract comes as a bundle deal. You "sign away" your tax dollars by being part of a society that provides services to you. Obviously no explicit consent is involved, but that's because it can't be involved. Voting is the best compromise we've been able to come up with. Even in a libertarian society, government provides one very important service that disproportionately benefits the rich: enforcement of property law. > Are people in the government somehow know the ultimate truth? No, the existence of government is a compromise between a free market that has flaws and a system of absolute control that also has flaws. We delegate responsibility for the areas where one system is hopelessly flawed to the other system (which merely has to do a better job, not a flawless job). Adam Smith himself acknowledged that the free market is not suited to provide certain services (police, infrastructure, military, etc). The goverment isn't aware of any "ultimate truth" here, but they aren't going to pull the whole "box you in and take all your money" stunt either. > I wouldn't like to repeat them now as it happens in every thread when I mention some libertarian ideas. Funny, I feel like the whole "free market knows best" idea pops up in every thread even though I have no trouble providing counterexamples. I'm genuinely curious to see how you would solve the problems I brought up, especially the ones surrounding the subjectivity of property law. > the important thing to understand is that a government is not some magic cure for all the problems you mentioned I'm pretty sure my post said precisely that. We agree on this point; no need to belabor it. My statement amounts to the trivial counterpart regarding free markets, but I'm pretty sure you don't actually think free markets are perfect (or even always a better option ), so how about we continue on to the part where we discuss specifics? > Monopolies are mostly not good for consumers; and a huge one with an access to an unlimited force is certainly not. A monopoly without profit-maximizing incentives, universally shared ownership, and checks+balances (relatively speaking on both counts, of course) seems preferable to one with profit-maximizing incentives, without broad ownership, and without checks+balances. Especially when it comes to force. 3-5 years?! THREE TO FIVE YEARS???!!! There are no words. Agents of the law need to be held more accountable for their actions than your average citizen, not less. This is disgusting. Me too re: jail times, but since being "hard on crime" is the politically convenient position for politicians, why not be hard on the right kinds of crime? What's worse is that the system didn't detect the problem for such a long time. Why isn't laboratory analysis blinded? We already spend truckloads of money funding an elaborate appeals process, why isn't there a check on lab analysis? With the drug industry imploding, chemists ( real chemists) are struggling to find work, so they could even call it a jobs program if need be. How can a voter rock the boat over an issue so far down on the political issue list? > universities usually are not funding that conversion Yes, they are. Universities are essentially a combination of a hackerspace with a startup accelerator, they have just grown to the point that you don't recognize them as such. The services they provide are essential to starting companies requiring more infrastructure than a laptop computer. They provide the multi-million dollar cleanrooms required to do nanoscale fabrication, the multi-million dollar spectrometers and chromatography setups required for chemical and biological engineering, seats on even the most expensive mathematical and physical simulation software, and mechanical prototyping facilities. They house a collection of experts, technicians, and cheap skilled labor (grad students) the likes of which cannot be found anywhere else or bought for less than a small fortune. They have industry connections that span many different market sectors and they have respect from society at large that gives them special dispensation to perform certain kinds of risky experiments (medical trials, chemical synthesis with reagents that could be re-purposed to produce drugs/explosives/nerve gas, and nuclear reactions). They even provide small stipends for their tinkerers. These things cost money, yet many of them are advantageous or essential for starting a company, depending on the field (do you really think you can develop a next-gen neural interface, MEMS sensor, or drug delivery mechanism in your garage?). The arrangement is simple: a spun-out company can repurpose research done using these facilities if they promise to give the university IP revenue (the specifics of which are negotiated on a case-by-case basis). The nice thing about using patents to carry out this process is that they can be negotiated retroactively. Startup accelerators require equity up front, but that's not a workable arrangement if you won't know how commercializable your product will be until after you have spent your research budget. I would hate to see this side of patent law disappear. Such "reformation" might just succeed in turning the university into the sterile ivory tower of arcane, pointless tinkering you seem to think it is. We need to fix patent law, not eliminate it. > Truth is always somewhere in between. Good thing we agree about globalization otherwise I'd grab one of your goalposts and run with it ;) In high school I took number theory at the local community college. We stopped right before the chapter on quadratic reciprocity. Later, I found the Harvard midterm for their undergrad number theory class online. I took a look out of curiosity. The first question was on quadratic reciprocity, and I had no clue what the other 9 (or 14, maybe) were about. They were moving >2x as fast and doing 3x as much homework (the homework was online too). I suspect the worst student in the Harvard class would have been competitive with the best student in the CC class. If 20% of the kids in the CC class get As, it's not a stretch to believe that 100% of the Harvard kids would have gotten As had they taken the same class. Obviously this holds for some classes more than others, but the point is that variation in difficulty between classes, professors, and peer-groups can easily dominate variation in difficulty imposed by the grading scale. How did this: > variation in difficulty between classes, professors, and peer-groups can easily dominate variation in difficulty imposed by the grading scale Become this: > 4.0 GPA CC CC. ... Harvard is so 1337, there's no way that Harvard And why do you think I'm performing a cost/benefit analysis? I relayed an anecdote about a single class that had to do with course material, not finances or overall GPA comparisons. > You're actually trying to disprove that "CC - expensive_tuition > Harvard - small_tuition in some cases" No. I'll admit that I made a slightly hyperbolic statement when I made a claim about kids in a class I never attended, but you belabor this point to such excess that I have no trouble calling it "nitpicking." > Are you a betting man? What if one student had a bad day that day and got an 89? Then my conclusion would not change in the slightest. > Be careful making generalizations, man. Right back at you. Slight hyperbole is one thing, straw men are another. Almost like the Social Security Administration? Here's a video in which Milton Friedman addresses this exact issue: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtpgkX588nM He proposes dispensing the funds weekly. You can't starve yourself in a week and drinking fountains + free cups of water at restaurants ensure that you won't go thirsty. Exposure could be a problem in certain cities, but under the new system I'm sure low-cost housing would adjust to the needs of the tenants since there's a profit motive for doing so. You might have to bus to the edge of the city to get low-rent food and housing, but the option would be there (and administered by a competitive private market). I like this idea more than "bread queues" because it forces recipients to take responsibility for their spending without using so much force that the damage it allows to happen is greater than the value of the sense of responsibility it aims to instill (which I believe to be the case in the present system). Also, it leverages the free market to optimize its administrative specifics. Massive influx of poor people due to economic downturn? More low-cost establishments get built/converted. Massive outflux of poor people due to economic upturn? Low-cost establishments get sold or converted into high-cost establishments. No need to wait for next year's appropriations bill. Rather than persuading CAs to implement Certificate Transparency, how about sorting CAs into groups by jurisdiction and displaying different icons or colors for low/medium/high security, corresponding to having signatures from 1, 3, or 5 complementary jurisdictions? This would give CAs a financial incentive to cooperate: people are less likely to buy 3 or 5 certs at full price, so they could capture significantly more market-share by teaming up and offering to sign each other's customers for half or quarter price. It's (more) free money for them and it significantly complicates the process of performing a MITM, especially if you aren't the USA. EDIT: Nevermind, I think I understand why it wouldn't work: independently verifying customers is hard, so they would either have to trust each other or spend a nontrivial amount of money verifying each customer. If they trusted each other, the additional security would be worthless, since the host country of the principal CA could just order them to lie. If they each verified the customer independently, they would each incur the usual amount of fixed cost, so they couldn't offer much of a discount. It's contrived but it highlights a real problem: free markets are very poorly suited to the task of avoiding tragedies of the commons. Unless you think tragedies of the commons don't happen in real life, the contrived example is relevant. Easier said than done. I think it's probable that some problems are so difficult to translate into proper market motivations that the cost of the perverse incentives inevitably produced by your attempts will consistently exceed the potential for increased efficiency and miraculous innovation that the market promises. It's an often repeated libertarian mantra that the 22.6% of the US economy under state control is responsible for ~100% of the inequity. Unfortunately, the network effect ensures that a "government node" in the economic graph is always nearby, and the coplexity inherent in the system makes it easy to form a plausible argument assigning blame to any node within distance 2 or 3 of a problem, making the mantra non-falsifiable. It deserves mention that this game can be played in reverse just as easily. The only way that I know to introduce an ounce of objectivity into the discussion is to pick a single topic and dive so deeply into it that you are no longer fooled by the false but plausible statements hurled around by either side. Unfortunately, this is a very difficult task. I don't know how to scale the approach. You can exploit the fact that the utility of money has an asymptote (steep rise, in real systems) near the threshold of survivability to justify welfare policies too. Libertarians whine about arbitrary confiscation of wealth by the government, but they have no problem when competition drives the price of labor down to (or below!) the price of survivability, even though from the point of view of the poor person both justifications for taking their money are equally arbitrary. The government promises to use the money to help people (translation: to fill rich peoples' pockets). The market promises to use the money to increase efficiency (translation: to fill rich peoples' pockets). The question is which party is better at delivering on their promise. You have noticed that the government isn't great at delivering on their part of the bargain. I would like to add that the market isn't stellar at this either. I believe the market tends to be worse (i.e. that "trickle down" is less realistic than "bubble up"), but I must admit that this belief is the product of my political beliefs rather than the other way around. That's what I said. My point was that libertarians assume there is inherent justice in this situation. I don't. > One, market transactions are voluntary, so they are generally speaking "positive-sum games". Nope. Suppose a robber puts a gun to your head and demands your wallet. You give it to him because you value your life more than your wallet. According to naive market theory, this is a positive sum transaction with consent from both parties! Obviously you didn't consent to getting held up, but it wasn't a market transaction. Restricting your attention to market transactions is the ridiculous simplification that allows markets to trivially triumph in thought experiments. Generally speaking, "create the sickness, sell the cure" is a perfectly good business model. We make the obvious ones illegal (pointing guns and demanding money), but more sophisticated versions riddle our economy. For instance, the Goldman Sachs Artificial Aluminum Shortage applies the same basic principle. > markets tend to flatten [power] out in the long run. Are you kidding me? This is almost objectively untrue (unless you cherry pick "long run" or invoke timescales over which attribution to democracy vs capitalism is impossible). Are you sure you didn't mean to make the "rising tide lifts all boats" argument instead? It's a base rate fallacy, but at least it sounds reasonable. > Who is the market? It's everyone. Who is the government? A select few. The market is "everyone" in name only, just like a democratic government. The reality is that the biggest players get to make the rules. Sometimes they do it via regulatory capture, which you can correctly blame on the government. Sometimes they do it by collusion, undercutting, or some other anti-competitive practice that must be attributed to market failure. Sometimes they do it by taking advantage of arbitrary existential facts (we have an excess of workers -> workers can, collectively, be paid less). Nobody consented to their need to eat, breathe, and house themselves, nobody consented to have a certain amount of competition, yet the market has historically had no problem exploiting these facts to extract obscene concessions from people, even when the fundamental resources were abundant. Whatever the market does represent, it's certainly not the free will of the people. Look, I generally agree with you that markets are usually more flexible and better at self-regulating. I think that most sectors of the economy function better under market control than state control. But I also think there are glaring exceptions (healthcare) and that libertarians jump too quickly and eagerly to the point of view that deregulation is the answer, even in the presence of abundant historical or comparative evidence to the contrary. They like to pretend the free market's shit doesn't stink (it's a feature, not a bug that unskilled labor consistently gets the crap beaten out of it at the negotiation table due to the fact a single person creates marginally more labor supply than demand). They don't take responsibility for messes the market creates (they are convinced it's not the market's fault our healthcare is 2x as expensive as in single-payer countries), and instead of basing their decisions on comparing strengths and weaknesses of different systems (markets are good at X, bad at Y, governments are good at Y, bad at X) they trumpet facile arguments from the rooftops. Only eukaryotes have chromatin. Besides, even eukaryotic DNA doesn't spend all its time as chromatin. Base pairing is still important, especially during replication and translation. Sure, but the process can become wildly unbalanced. If the engineering is enough of a limiting factor that 90% of the planned ideas never happen and the 10% remainder consists entirely of mission-critical features, then a PM doesn't have much value proposition and it makes sense to combine the engineer and PM roles (supplemented with a culture of "why are you doing that" at standups to prevent tunnel-vision). The opposite can happen too, of course, when the engineers focus on features that nobody actually wants. I think grandparent's point was that PMs aren't always a good cure for this problem. Exactly! I come from a middle-class background. Not trust-fund level, but enough to shield me from the catch-22s of poverty. It disturbs me, when I reflect back on my life, just how many "steps to success" would have been complicated had my family been lower on the economic totem pole. It disturbs me even more how many of my peers (disproportionately many of which share the same background) don't acknowledge this fact with respect to their own lives. It's easy to be a libertarian when the market is treating you well. It saddens me that the concept of "class struggle" was sullied by its connection with a certain well-known failed attempt to solve the problem. Just because our rivals failed doesn't mean we have succeeded! A thousand times this. Markets automatically value knowledge and discoveries at nothing because you typically have to possess knowledge (sometimes for 100 years) before you can estimate its value. If the development of a new industry goes through stages "A B C D ... X Y Z," where A-M are academic discoveries, the market awards 100% of the profit to N-Z and maybe a percent or two to M if they got lucky with patents, even though A-M required significant capital expenditure to carry out. Everything we care about has been touched by uncompensated academics in some way (uncompensated = rewarded with I challenge you (great?-grandparent libertarian) to find an industry that does not inextricably depend upon some kind of model or fact produced by uncompensated academics (as defined above -- use any threshold for value capture you deem appropriate). Whatever the market rewards people for, it is not value creation. It is value creation multiplied by a long list of factors which often go to 0 for arbitrary reasons (your customers are too poor, your product is not excludable, etc.) --------- Fortunately, people are not rational actors wrt accumulating money. Here's what future career paths very roughly look like for new grads (based on my own perceptions, not glassdoor): Helping the poor: $0 (maybe $12k if you count a fellowship) Trying to Cure Cancer: $25k/yr, bump to $40k after 6 years Engineering Medical Devices, Airplanes, etc: $60k/yr Trying to Build the Next Twitter: $100k/yr-$150k/yr Helping Rich People Game the System to Get Richer: $150k/yr, $300k/yr after a few years if successful What disturbs me is that if I were to prioritize this list based on benefit to humanity, it would take the exact opposite ordering. There was It's worth mentioning that the only libertarian I know who has been able to argue with me to my satisfaction remarkably agrees with me on "what needs to be done." I suspect political philosophy is somewhat like religion: any sufficiently dedicated person can use any sufficiently developed philosophy to support any sufficiently developed plan. Here's my list. What's yours? 1. Campaign finance reform. Turn the bribing policy from "mandatory bribes" to "optional bribes." Going to "no bribes" is probably too difficult (how to close the "cushy job upon retirement" loophole?) 2. Legislative and judicial policy focused on creating competitive markets, not placating business (#1 necessary for #2) 3. Single-payer healthcare 4. Basic income (Milton Friedman: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtpgkX588nM ) Maybe they're "headed to" robotic construction? It would certainly leverage Google's strengths as a machine learning / AI company. If they can buy up a bunch of robotics companies and get there first, they might just capture a market that makes search look tiny. > his brilliant career in the United States came to a screeching halt in 1950, when the FBI accused him of being a member of a subversive organization Yep, looks like the FBI created the problem they were ineptly trying to prevent. On one hand, I completely buy his assertions about China's pervasive hacking attempts/successes and that the NSA is our best tool for stopping them. On the other hand, you're right on the money about parallel construction. In my book, that's the one thing that sent the NSA "over the line." It's good to hear that many NSA employees take the police/military distinction seriously, but we know for a fact that some higher-ups don't and he didn't mention the most egregious case of this, not even once. Also, he invoked the "it only happened if they get caught" assumption while commenting on the frequency of abuses, which is highly suspicious. Come on, "left hand isn't aware what the right is doing" isn't just plausible, it's standard practice at any organization larger than a dozen or so people. He never claimed to have more than anecdotal evidence regarding the NSA. He never asked to be taken more seriously than, as you so derisively put it, a well-placed secretary (actually, I suspect a secretary would have a much better high-level picture of what was going on, but I don't think you intended an actual comparison). I'd like to thank him for adding his perspective to the discussion. Even though I'll be keeping my opinion, it is good to know that in some (most?) parts of the NSA, the culture of taking jurisdiction seriously still pervades. It could be a lot worse, and absent this admittedly anecdotal evidence it's difficult to know what to believe. Credibility and scope are two different things. His claims can have limited scope and still be credible. I don't see any reason to doubt his character. Libertarians typically neglect the forces imposed by the lower tiers of Maslow's hierarchy (and by those controlling access to whatever is necessary to meet such needs) because once you start paying attention to those forces the claim that free-market capitalism maximizes individual freedom becomes significantly harder to prove. EDIT: changed "laughable" to "significantly harder to prove" because I'm not in the mood for a fight today. It might be disappointing that the concept of force/consent doesn't simplify the "which system is best" problem, but I don't see how it's absurd. If a moral dilemma vanishes when you look at it from a different viewpoint, the most likely scenario is that the new viewpoint is obscuring the crux of the problem rather than miraculously simplifying it. That's precisely my point. Everybody is exerting "force" on everyone else, sometimes indirectly. The contract between Amazon and the laborer was signed under the duress of threatened homelessness / lack of healthcare / starvation. Amazon signed the contract under duress because it needs people to ship its boxes. Amazon is not special and neither is the worker. Any deal we make must exert force on someone (a restatement of "the world isn't perfect" within our framework). So who should be favored? Put quantitatively, there's a scale between the minimum price at which a person will sell their labor and the maximum price Amazon can pay for the labor and still turn a profit -- where should the actual price lie? Market economics looks to supply/demand balance for unskilled labor and slides the "final price" all the way over to the minimum. A libertarian would claim that this is just (both parties "consented") and reject attempts by the government to meddle on the grounds that the market knows best. A philosophy that rejects the notion that both parties "consented" (both were under duress) opens the door to policy adjustments that push prices away from one extreme end of the spectrum, because it sees these as less just. Since Amazon has all the power under the current system, such policy adjustments would favor the worker. I would prefer that this be implemented IRL using a basic income or negative income tax scheme (ameliorate (!=eliminate) the source of labor's duress at the source) rather than by implementing a minimum wage, but that's beside the point. Both of your proposals are exploitative and needlessly unjust. The big problem with the market is that it forces us to choose between the two. It snatches defeat from the jaws of victory by coupling the "workers starve" outcome to the "workers don't have jobs" outcome. There is no fundamental reason why they need to be coupled. Just because only 80% of people have to work to meet demand doesn't mean the other 20% deserve to starve. Many systems are possible in which marginal incentives are maintained (the farmer and tractor driver get significantly more money than the out-of-work laborers) but the laborers don't go hungry. I search for my favorite solution among these (I'm a big fan of basic income / negative income tax). As you note, we are automating away more and more of our economy every day. If we keep our current course, such automation becomes a club used by those who have enabled the automation (or otherwise accumulated capital) to beat down those who have not. I think that's a terrifying idea that at best leads to terrible injustice and at worst leads to violent overthrow of its perpetrators (including myself). We need an economic model that maintains the dignity of the labor force even in the face of shrinking demand for labor. > the whole NSA debate isn't about voluntary data sharing at all, it's about the government demanding access (or simply breaking in) without a warrant. Why not both? The NSA "breaking in" is certainly a problem, but I don't understand why the third party doctrine isn't. > There are many reasonable cases where private companies should share information with the government Yes, but the third party doctrine goes far beyond what I would consider "reasonable." > Voluntarily supplying information to the government is not a violation of the constitution. That's up for interpretation. The extent to which single companies held large swaths of information about our lives has changed dramatically in the last decade. Do you seriously believe that, if the constitution were written in the present day, personal information (of some description) would not be included in the 4th? Alternatively > The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause I'd consider anything in gmail/gdocs to be "papers and effects" of mine. I understand that the US government has a different interpretation, but that doesn't mean I have to agree with it. 40% profit margins do not exist for long in properly functioning competitive markets. Deeply entrenched companies typically run at 10%. Monopolies (example: drug companies) run at 20% (arguably in the case of drug companies this is ok because they operate with much higher risk). If you find a 40% margin that can't be ascribed to transient behavior, you have found a market that has entered one of the (many) modes of market failure, in which the usual arguments for markets being a force for good (or least evil) go out the window. We use markets precisely because they tend to avoid situations like this; it baffles me how frequently the "market did it so it must be good" argument rears its head every time there's an exception. It's circular reasoning, at least for those of us who don't take the moral infallibility of the free-market as an article of faith. Specifically, they are not "automatically bad" because they make money using copyright. They are bad because they've found a loophole that lets them monopolize a critical distribution channel for taxpayer-funded research, and they're milking the shit out of it at enormous cost to taxpayers and students. Broke startup founders do not get to appropriate tens of billions of dollars of taxpayer-funded work and hold it hostage from those who have paid for it, and if they did it would not be OK. Yes, I'm accusing the societal system (which presents you with two exploitative alternatives), not you. I think we do fundamentally agree and that the confusion might have stemmed from the fact that I answered a question which I thought you were implying rather than your literal question. You asked "The current system gives choices X,Y. Isn't X>Y?" and I ignored the "Isn't X>Y?" part because I assumed it was mostly a rhetorical device designed to make concrete the first part ("The current system gives choices X,Y") which was more relevant to the philosophical issue being discussed. My answer was "Yeah, it sucks that X,Y are our choices, because I think that one of M,N,O, or P might be better." If you put an LED, resistor, and MOSFET in series and then attach the gate to a wire, you can often switch the LED on and off by waving your hand around the wire. If you have an oscilloscope, hook it up to the resistor and see if you can find a position of your hand that will switch the transistor at 60hz :-) > That is disasterous. You should have hedged with "can be" instead of "is." Fighting preemtive wars can be disastrous too. > my generation (I'm 27) will eventually have to fight a nuclear war that pits Iran against Israel and possibly the US Do you seriously believe that? Sure, Iran will get to throw their weight around a bit more with nuclear power, but they're not that desperate or stupid. > Obama and Bush ... will go down in history ... just as Stalin and Hitler did No. > a minor tactical war [would] stop [Iran from developing nuclear weapons] Maybe. You complain about "throwing away trillions" fighting silly wars and re-building countries. You do realize that the exact same sell (fight a minor war, stop the terrorists!) was used for the last two multi-trillion-dollar debacles, right? Either we give them a bloody nose and they just try again (keeping their cards closer to their chest this time) or we spend trillions trying to install another puppet government. For reference, here is Obama's executive order to close Guantanamo (date: the 2 days after inauguration). http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/closure-guantanam... Just because he could convince congress to stop blocking him doesn't mean the concessions he would have to make would be reasonable. They probably wouldn't be as bad as Clinton/CHIP (Republican congress holding health care for children hostage to secure a 33% cut in capital gains tax during an economic boom), but if said history is any indication the concessions he would have to make to fulfill his mandate might cost thousands of American lives. They can deny everything that they didn't do and hope customers don't notice or care. No, but they might have run out of a critical resource that they didn't expect to run out of. There doesn't seem to be much agreement on exactly what caused the collapse (judging from the wiki article), so it's not a great example. > the taxpayer is forced to pay for this Are you suggesting that science would advance at a comparable pace with only private funding? Why do you point to a single example (remember, there are several Nobel prizes given every year) as if it proves that it would? Alternatively, do you think publicly funded science doesn't produce useful results? Remember that the market automatically assigns a value of $0 to almost every useful research result due to the fact that they are not effectively excludable -- you can't use a university's (or lab's) income statement to judge value creation. > the agreement to get only three years is awful As with all punishments, the official sentence is only the beginning. He has been fired from his position and given the insanely competitive environment in the biosciences (often hundreds of applicants for a single professorship), he will almost certainly never find professorial work again. Here's Milton Friedman, an esteemed libertarian, proposing a negative income tax (giving money to the poor as the most efficient kind of welfare): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtpgkX588nM You have to judge based on the libertarian. Many political philosophies attract hoards of what I call "SWE Groupies." When you apply the Small World Effect to political philosophy, you will find that you can easily blame all the worlds problems on anything you want (the government, the patriarchy, the market, etc) because everything is interconnected. Based on purely anecdotal evidence, it seems that almost everyone who eventually wanders away from the political philosophy they were born into falls into the trap of blaming exactly one of these entities when the usual state of affairs is that they all hold blame to an uneven and debatable extent that changes depending on the issue in question. The worst result of such naivete is that it creates blind spots. Libertarians fail to propose measures to control market failures, socialists fail to propose measures to control bureaucracy, etc. In any case, most people are eventually confronted with enough counterexamples to shake them out of their blind faith and they move on to a mix-and-match philosophy that proposes systems more similar to real, proven governments (funny how that works). This leaves the problem of finding a label for yourself, which can no longer be done in an absolutely precise manner. Milton Friedman, a "philosophically mature" libertarian, might agree with a devout socialist on a great many things (giving money to poor people), even though they identify with philosophies that look like polar opposites to the corresponding SWE Groupies. I bet that you show segments of the video I linked to SWE Libertarians and get them to swear up and down that this guy was a socialist. People like Milton Friedman don't deserve to be lumped with people like Ayn Rand, and just because SV is infested with SWE Groupies of the libertarian persuasion (it's convenient to be a libertarian when the market is smiling upon your profession) doesn't mean that you won't find yourself on the wrong end of a political philosophy debate if you attack libertarianism as a whole rather than individual points raised in the argument. I left apple a bit over a year ago because I wanted to get a laptop with some serious GPU power (I was doing lots of sequence alignments that took hours to do on my old laptop and hours to upload to / download from my university's compute cluster). The computer performed fabulously at this task, but my experience with the Microsoft ecosystem has been absolutely dreadful. Now that I no longer need the GPU power, I will gladly pay a few hundred dollar premium to get a mac laptop for my next computer. I would probably pay a 2x premium if Apple asked it. -------- OS Installation: The Horror Story -------- * Reinstalling the OS is a 4-5 hour manual slog through serial numbers and a dozen drivers that must be manually installed in the correct order, not a 1-hour fire-and-forget process like in the Mac ecosystem. (hours of my time vs minutes of my time). * The bundled "backup solution" works neither for imaging nor for incremental document recovery. "Time Machine" this is not. * MSE antivirus was dreadfully slow (Just downloaded an installer? It'll wait 30 seconds before launching 5 copies of the .exe corresponding to the 5 times you clicked on it). * I got a 30gb SSD as a boot volume and put Windows on it, then linked ("junctioned") the "Program Files" directory to my HDD (I'd done similar on my mac without trouble). Big mistake, none of the applications would launch. They didn't launch after I copied them back either (yes, I looked up permission-resetting instructions and followed them to the letter). I had to reinstall. * I looked up a Microsoft support document explaining how to properly put programs on a different HD (and also that it was unsupported). It involved registry edits and DOS-fu from the system restore disk. The next time Windows Update ran, it broke my system so that no program would launch (DLL error every time). Rolling back the updates didn't work, of course. I had to reinstall. Gave up on the 30gb SSD. * I tried to upgrade my Win7 install to Win8. Big mistake. The installer took 2 hours to give me an unhelpful generic error message. After hours of searching through forums I found out that it scans your installed Win7 drivers+programs one by one and barfs if any of them aren't compatible (but it doesn't tell you that, of course). * I tried a fresh install of Win8 on a new 250gb SSD I got on black friday. It froze every time I woke from sleep. Oh, and it would boot to an I/O error bluescreen unless I booted into Win7 first, touched a file on the SSD, and rebooted (yes, touching a file was necessary). Two firmware updates and a handful of driver updates later and I had the same symptoms. * On a hunch, I switched the SSD from SATA slot 2 to 0. This broke the bootloader, and Microsoft's instructions to fix it didn't work, giving a generic error message that many people on the support forum seemed to experience but that nobody had a fix for. There were 2 Microsoft employees with unhelpful non-fix "solutions," though. * I nuked the Win7 HDD install and reinstalled Win8 afresh on the SSD (now slot 0). It seems to be stable so far. * There was a 4-month period where Dell's GPU drivers had broken OpenCL compatibility and the manufacturer drivers would silently fail to install unless I ran a 3rd-party sketchware wiping program first and disabled signature enforcement on every boot. * Audio drivers occasionally fail to wake from sleep (no audio till reboot). No, updating them to the manufacturer version didn't help. No, reinstalling Dell's recommended drivers didn't help either. -------- Small Gripes -------- * No decent UNIX command line. Cygwin starts slowly and is poorly integrated with the system. * I can't get decent 2-finger scroll without a 3rd party program that is occasionally broken by system updates. * I can't remap capslock without downloading a 3rd-party program to perform registry edits. * I can't shut off the screen without installing a 3rd party program to do so. * In Win7, all allowed keyboard layout switching shortcuts were combinations of modifiers that conflicted with productivity apps like Illustrator. Also, the layout would occasionally become "stuck" and failed to respect the GUI switcher. In Win8, they added a no-conflict key combination for switching layouts but it doesn't work in fullscreen apps. * Metro. It looks slick, but it doesn't have any of the options you regularly need to access. Fortunately the old menagerie of Windows utilities is still there, just moved around. * No standard install system that lets you inspect the installer's logs, scripts, or contents. * The intimate connection between my computer account and Microsoft cloud account creeps me out. * The full-screen force-quit mechanism is insane (ctrl-alt-del, open Task Manager, press Windows to reveal the Launch Bar, click on the arrow to see all system tray icons, right-click the tiny Task Manager icon (a gray box), enable "Always on Top", highlight the program in the task manager, hit "End Task", wait, hit "End Task" on the dialog box that pops up, and finally decline to send a bug report to Microsoft) * I can't use the keyboard to navigate directories that contain a mixture of files and folders because in Mircrosoft-Land "Alphabetical Order" means "Sort folders first, then files." * The sub-HD preloaded desktop backgrounds (yes, really). -------- Small Victories -------- * Cheaper, better hardware (not remotely cost effective, given the hassle) * I can manually tweak virtual memory settings (not that I should have to tweak it, which I do, but I think it's terribly cool that I can and that there's a GUI for it) * Compatibility * The super-handy "superuser menu" (Win-X) * The ability to roll-back updates. It has never worked when I needed it to, but I like the idea. -------- Concluding Remarks -------- I've had better UX with linux, which is saying something, since I had previously considered linux UX to be fairly poor, or rather great -- until a mission-critical piece of it inevitably broke. Turns out the same thing applies Windows, except worse. Sadly, it sees that there is tremendous value in having a non-fragmented ecosystem. My next computer will be a mac. -------- My Plea to You -------- If you know how to fix any of my gripes, please speak up. I'm still a newbie. Maybe these are just growing pains. I don't think so, but I can hope. Yeah, I need to check out powershell. I've heard that it has some pretty neat tricks up its sleeve regarding typed output. I won't expect more than "two steps back, one step forward" wrt the UNIX command line, but I should check it out. Anything on my new "gripes" list that you have advice for? ---------- More Misc Gripes -------- * No emacs-like cursor movement shortcuts in GUI text fields * No emacs-like cursor movement shortcuts in DOS * Copy+paste is broken and/or inconsistent in terminal windows * Can't jump to a document's location from the document's GUI * The 2nd type of file open/save dialog (you know, the one makes you start from root, makes you scroll through every folder, and doesn't support copy+paste of paths, favorites, or any other civilized feature?) * No equivalent of "Spin Control.app" (now spindump, Instruments.app) that automatically traces hung apps * Can't take time profiles (function call trees weighted by # hits over a 5s interval) from the built-in process viewer * NTFS wants to spend 8 hours (I let it go and timed it once) checking the disk after every crash, which amounts to every other time I restart. * No "screenshot region to clipboard" shortcut. I have to printscreen and crop in paint every time. * No "look up the word under the mouse in a dictionary" shortcut ---------- More Misc Small Victories -------- * The utility that profiles startup times and identifies boot-slowing apps is awesome It's funny because you seem to be in exactly my situation, but in reverse (I'm going mac->windows). We have similar types of gripes, maybe we can help each other out. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6973925 A few suggestions: * Use QuickTime and avoid VLC if possible. QuickTime on mac is awesome. VLC is often worse and seldom better. * Command+Shift+4 is the only screenshot shortcut you need (toss in ctrl if you want it clipboarded, not in a file). Waaay faster than printscr+paint+paste+crop. * OSX respects a subset of emacs keyboard movement and editing shortcuts. Ctrl+ae replace home/end. I usually remap capslock to ctrl to make them ergonomic. I like them better (no need to move hands), any way to get them on windows? * On OSX, the universal installer app lets you list the files installed and view a textual install log. Install scripts are bash scripts. Console.app helps with both system problems and application problems (that's where stdout goes by default). Go there to start your debug journey. Haven't found the equivalent in windows. * You can debug hangs with a time profile from Activity Monitor (yep, time profile built into the gui) or spindump. Any way to do this on Windows? * I'm in the opposite situation wrt HFS+ and NTFS but I've had great luck with the commercial solution "Paragon" ($20, worth it). WTF is up with the whole thing where NTFS wants to spend 8 hours checking the disk every time the computer crashes? Apple figured this shit out 16 years ago. * Command-Shift-T puts TextEdit.app in plain text mode. Hey, it's better than Notepad. What's the killer text editor that's windows only? How 'bout you list some of those little nitpicky features you like so much from Windows. I've already written my list of things I miss from the mac side (see link, Small Gripes and More Minor Gripes sections). While I'm stuck here I might as well enjoy what it has to offer. Ditto for you, of course. I'm loving GoW, thanks! Hey, I'm not trying to say OSX is flawless. That would be silly. What we're both saying is that we feel like we have to make the opposite OS work and that it's an unsatisfying exercise in frustration whichever way you go. It's about the pain of learning different conventions and the unwillingness of OS vendors (both of them) to copy each other's good bits. Neat about the calendar. I have to disagree about the dock because it can force quit things, the Windows taskbar won't auto-hide, and some of the ugliest UI hacks in Windows all live in the tray (2 finger scroll, task manager, etc). I disagree about explorer, mostly because I can't figure out how to get it to sort in alphabetical order (instead of folders and files sorted separately), a feature that's crucial for keyboard navigation and extracting files after download without scrolling through the entire downloads folder. Exactly. Competition is the "active ingredient" in the free market, and "freedom" from regulation does not always suffice to guarantee competition. Utilities are the textbook example. While you are correct that telcos currently enjoy a certain degree of regulatory capture, they are also natural monopolies/oligopolies in the sense that competitors have an astronomical barrier to entry. It's tempting but naive to think that all we need to do in order to see the market right itself is to eliminate existing regulations. What we actually need to do is to change regulations to encourage competition, both by eliminating explicit monopoly rights and by mandating and/or price-controlling B2B bandwidth/traffic sales so that incumbents can't kill new entrants without beating them on a level playing field. Forcing telcos to act like "dumb pipes" is one type of regulation that forces them to compete against each other (otherwise they just lump their market power with media providers until they are once again too big to challenge). US Telcos = Natural Monopoly + Regulatory Capture > The cost is so high partially due to special agreements This is true, but it doesn't contradict the fact that telcos are also natural monopolies. Let's play a game: pretend that all of these special agreements have suddenly become invalid and the market has become deregulated. Assume you have (or can acquire) the technical expertise to challenge them. What's your business plan? Not as much as I despise both the thing it refers to and the propensity of self-styled libertarians to pretend that it's the only problem in the world :) > Do I get equal access to the existing infrastructure (presumably paid for by the existing monopoly)? No, the existing company retains ownership of the infrastructure they paid for and the ability to charge anyone whatever the heck they want for using it. Also, they retain all rights granted in private contracts (not involving government at the federal, state, or municipal level). > Second, who am i? A startup [with new, cheaper tech]? Google? Another telco? You get to pick, subject to three constraints: * Your source of capital is rational (they'll replace you or refuse to fund you if you're acting against their monetary interests) * Your source of capital is limited (or, rather, their trust in you is limited). Enough to cover a town, but not a city. * Your competitive advantage isn't disruptive (for the sake of arbitrary concreteness, your up-front and continuing costs are 80% of what they are/were for the competition) > My overarching answer is simply: I don't know, but let's get rid of the artificial constraints on the market and see what results. That's what I was afraid of. The "game" we're playing is going to pit my knowledge of anticompetitive market practices against your ingenuity. My thesis is that the anticompetitive opportunities offered by the market will be enough to stymie innovation all on their own, unless the government takes an active role in leveling the playing field. > In most unregulated industries, quality rises and price falls Yes, but it works better for some industries than for others, and the industries where it has a track record of failing miserably (utilities, basic research, health care) require government intervention if we want a functional society. Adam Smith himself didn't believe that the market was suited to the task of optimizing infrastructure or military/police forces (he didn't think said list was in any way complete, either). Perverse incentives, externalities, anticompetitive opportunities, information asymmetries, and pathological nash equilibria (prisoner's dilemma) all frustrate the ability of markets to optimize society. Medicine is probably the worst rat's nest of such complications, but let's keep the focus on utilities for brevity. > which industries do you see this not happening: 1. Finance 2. Medicine 3. Utilities 4. ? You can't use these observations to support your point over mine because they also fit my model of reality (government must be more involved with industries that stymie the free market's optimization abilities). Also, health care in the US is ~2x as expensive as in "socialist" single-payer systems, so I find your choice of who to blame less than convincing. The ACA is the plan proposed by market reformists -- not even the Heritage Foundation thinks deregulation is the way forward on that front. > Liberalists seem to believe that free-marketism is a self-[optimizing] algorithm. It's worth noting that in the US, the term "liberal" is often used in association with those who are skeptical of the free market (moreso than their political opponents, anyway). Classical liberalism does promote laissez-faire economic policy, so you aren't incorrect, but the term is a bit ambiguous in context (see the 2nd paragraph in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_liberalism ) Anyway, I agree completely with your point. Business interests and consumer interests often oppose one another, and I believe that governments ought to put consumer interests first, even though presently they have a track record of doing the exact opposite. Campaign finance reform would be a good start (private campaign finance => bribery is a prerequisite for obtaining power). In principle, I agree with you. In practice, I'm hesitant due to the analogy with the health care market. We've been giving them "just one more chance" to find the set of market regulations that promote progress for the last few decades at the price of trillions of dollars and tens of thousands of lives every year (in comparison to established single-payer systems). Without a concrete stopping point and with LOTS of money behind the lobby to perpetuate a pathological free market experiment long past its due date, I'm inclined to fight for utility regulation from the getgo. There are probably many that are garbage. That doesn't mean that the majority of masters/PhD papers aren't scientific and intellectual achievements the likes of which aren't often found outside academia or the upper echelons of industry (nobody else can justify the risk profile of academic research). It also doesn't mean that the aggregate value of the results is small. Many/most papers present useless (to society) results that only appear meaningful when viewed in a very narrow light. Again, that's not really a problem: just like the startup world, science has a very low yield of very high value results. Scope-narrowing is actually a method which allows us to avoid unjustly punishing legitimate null results. A feature, not a bug. Also, what appears to be narrow scope to an outsider might be of incredible importance to someone who has a better sense of perspective. Many of today's most important innovations would be impossible without thousands of yesterday's "useless" results. You aren't crazy, but you are missing the big picture. To work around paywalls, try emailing authors, visiting /r/scholar, making friends at academic institutions, or getting a side-job that will permit you journal access. > Health insurance is not health, and absolutely everyone who buys health insurance gets exactly what they pay for: insurance. Part of his point is that people often pay for health "insurance" and don't receive the insurance they thought they were paying for (their "insurance" provider drops them the moment they get sick). You can blame people for not being able to understand the plans they are buying (dozens of pages of dense, industry-specific terminology) but you might as well blame the sky for being blue. One of the things the ACA does is make it easy to compare plans so that insurance companies actually have to compete against one another. > If you want a thing, you should buy that thing. There are two problems health insurance solves that make direct purchase of health care a complete non-starter. * 1: Most people have insufficient cappitalization to accept the heavily skewed risk profile. * 2: If you purchase emergency care at the point of provision, you are either forced to accept the terms "offered" by an effective monopoly (if you are conscious) or you are forced to pay whatever the "care" provider wants after the fact (if you are not conscious). Single-payer systems have a track record for being much better at putting downward pressure on pricing. Not only can they secure drug discounts of ~50% due to their ability to bargain as a bloc against much smaller insurance companies in the US, but they lack perverse incentives to allow costs to rise. Insurance companies don't care about reducing costs, only reducing costs relative to competitors. Since their "cut" is a fraction of overall expenditures, they're quite happy to see costs rise, as long as they rise in tandem for their competitors. Nobody who is familiar with the market is surprised that single-payer systems are so much cheaper. Health Care costs by country: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_heal... Scholarly Analysis: http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-resources > It's important to note that [NY already forced insurance companies to cover sick people, so the provision in the ACA that forces everyone else to do the same didn't hit them as hard.] Is insurance that vanishes when a patient becomes unprofitable really insurance? Social issues aside, it looks like the health care market used to have a defect permitting the sale of fraudulent plans. Now that the defect has been closed, only real plans remain. It should be both unsurprising and acceptable that the new plans are more expensive (acceptable in the "this is an improvement" sense, not the "we can't do better" sense). > he clearly prefers a differently-distorted market post-ACA without much justification about why this time it will work out in the end. He very precisely describes how parts of the ACA address different modes of market failure he observed. The existing-condition regulations prevent the bandwagon effect and corporate freeloading (only covering healthy people). The individual mandate prevents individual freeloading (retaining fallback benefits without paying into the system). See, health care markets have a long history of failing (or at the very least failing to deliver value in comparison to their single-payer counterparts). We already know "undistorted" markets where care providers sell directly to patients don't work for emergency services (you have consent issues with unconscious people AND the nearest hospital is always an effective monopoly and can price gouge accordingly). The "undistorted" market already failed to deliver value. Health insurance companies tried to fix the problem but it turned out that deceiving customers into buying shit plans was a better business strategy than legitimate innovation. Again, the "undistorted" market already failed to deliver value. The US strategy amounts to trying different permutations of regulations until we find one that allows the free-market to work. So far, it has been a whack-a-mole experiment that costs ~$1.5T and >40,000 lives per year (in comparison to single-payer systems). When does it end? Do you really want to pay 2x for care today in order to gamble on the possibility that eventually the correct combination of regulations will be discovered that creates an efficient free-market system? > companies can be held civilly liable for making bad promises. Then why were they getting away with it? His observations of what the companies were getting away with contradict your claim that the courts were able to keep them in check. The ACA attempts to keep them in check by making it harder for them to dupe users in the first place (that's what the standardized silver/gold/platinum plans are all about). > it seemed to me that the beginning of the piece was just a roundabout setup to his final point about how ACA is great He uses evidence to support his thesis. How does that detract from his argument? > [In addition to technical arguments,] he also offer personal anecdotes Anecdotal evidence doesn't invalidate his technical arguments. Also, the support it provides his arguments can only be ignored in the face of better evidence. Do you have any? > many of his arguments are appeals to fairness more than they are descriptions of incentives and outcomes. Outcomes are judged by fairness. The "technical arguments" you just referred to describe incentives. The hell are you complaining about? > It's a political opinion, so it doesn't follow logically. One of the funny things about logic is that it knows its own limits (Godel Incompleteness). Unless you have a strict logical rebuttal, why should I discard his argument for yours (which, as far as I can tell, is based on faith rather than observations, experience, anecdotes, and analysis)? > A logical conclusion would be more modest, technical, and have fewer exclamation points. A logical conclusion that suffices to guide policy decisions doesn't exist. We must get over ourselves and make do with the best that we have. Look, if you're actually interested in scholarly analysis of this kind of thing, here's a good starting place: http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-resources I haven't found a paper-aggregation of comparable quality for the "other side" of the argument (I'm familiar with the 1989 Heritage Foundation memo, not much else). If you could reciprocate with such an aggregation, I'd be much obliged. > It didn't vanish when the patient became unprofitable Yes it did. That was one of the "dirty tricks" pointed out in OP's article. The insurance company would intentionally enter contracts that the customer had already violated (by inevitably messing up somewhere in their paperwork). So long as the customer was profitable, they would take their money, ignoring the paperwork errors. If a customer became non-profitable, they would dig out the errors and kick the customer out of the plan. And then the opportunity to buy care from anyone else also vanished. > No, the plans were not fraudulent Fraud is "A false representation of a matter of fact .. practiced in order to secure unfair or unlawful gain." Companies accepted money to insure a customer while secretly and intentionally retaining the option to drop them even if they stayed within the agreed-upon limits. If that isn't fraud I don't know what is. The act of accepting their money was the false representation of fact. I used a shocking word because the practice itself is shocking. > There is a side issue... No, it's the central issue. Yes, and those vanishingly rare cases were the most expensive ones. My point was that the latter was partially caused by the former along with every other mechanism of dumping undesirable patients on the open market. I suspect the major one is the exploitation of the fact that most people will underestimate the extent to which high health costs correlate with decreased income and a higher rate of premium lapse. It won't be counted as "rescission" even though the industry benefits from it (and the people hurt because of it) in exactly the same way. These mechanisms might not constitute the entirety of the central issue, but they certainly account for a healthy chunk of it. Theoretically, you're right. In practice, we can just look at existing single payer systems and see how they're doing. Would you rather be a poor parent of a disabled child in the US or the UK? Not necessarily. Right now our system has a policy of mandatory bribery built into the system by way of campaign finance rules. It's relatively easy to go from "mandatory bribery" to "optional bribery" through public campaign funding, which I think is a step in the right direction. Campaign finance reform is a boring but necessary first step towards fixing this mess. > I'd rather just agree to disagree on philosophy and economics. I'm sure you would. I'm armed with a long list of time-honored principles that allow a big player to anti-competitively grind a small player into the ground long before any real competition can take place. You are armed with your faith in the market. > Where we disagree is whether or not it is possible to create the conditions for a truly competitive market primarily by reducing state involvement. I believe it is. You hit the nail on the head: I believe that there are a handful of important markets where the "more freedom!" approach not only doesn't lead to optimization, but leads to counter-optimization. I take international comparisons of health care costs/efficacy as my evidence. > In my opinion, fears of private monopolies are generally unwarranted, that most "natural" private monopolies are flimsy and temporary. If only I could force reality to comply with your opinion, I would be a much happier person. > I fear more the monopolies created by the government, such as the monopoly that "licensed" physicians hold Seriously? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_heal... I fear a "free" health care market more than I fear a single-player "govrnment monopoly." I also object to the use of the term "monopoly" in relationship to the government. Market monopolies have direct incentive to screw you for whatever they can, and they get to keep the spoils. The government has checks and balances that frustrate the process, and the people involved get to keep a far smaller fraction of the spoils. Market monopolies are worse. I think it's more likely that cam_l was from a country where the term "liberal" was associated with the concept of Classical Liberalism. You're right, that's the critical question. SVM on a picture of the note would be useless against all but the 12 year olds with paper and scissors. There's no reason to believe that the differentiating features from next years' printers would be separated by the same support vectors. I think the real security is still in features that require expensive equipment to duplicate. Is it really that hard to use cheapo photodetectors to verify differential transmission/reflection (watermark), angle-dependent coloration (hologram), or to do some primitive spectroscopy (UV even) with a plastic lens and $10 CCD? SVM might be a easy way to aggregate the features, but in that case it's just a calibration method and doesn't give any indication of the underlying security. No, you haven't seen them all. That's a silly claim. And if the detector is what you say, I'm about 80% sure I know both why it worked so well and how to defeat it. As much as I wish I could make a bet with you and test this, I wish for trouble from the secret service even less, so I guess that's off the table. I wouldn't expect that someone who attributes the differentiating power of the machines to SVM would be able to beat them on any kind of bill. It's not hard to argue with the "more existing evidence than meets the eye" either: http://www.deakin.edu.au/buslaw/aef/workingpapers/papers/200... Three things to observe from the graph on page 31 (adobe reader page 33): * There is publication bias in favor of the hypothesis that minimum wage increases decrease employment. * If one takes the liberty of selecting only a handful of studies to argue with, one can find "strong" support for either side of this argument. * Neither the "true mean" (mean at large y) nor the "biased mean" (mean at small y) of the studies lies anywhere near the break-even point (x value of -1) where the proposal of raising the minimum wage begins to hurt poor people in aggregate (i.e. the sum total of money flowing to poor people is less than it was before the raise). Also, observe that the graph on page 33 (adobe reader page 35) suggests a trend in elasticity over time which has a plausible argument to back it up. Signed elasticity should increase (minimum wage increases become more beneficial) when labor is overabundant. In this case, labor tends to be sold nearer to the minimum price laborers will sell at and further from the price at which employers will stop purchasing so that a minimum wage increase results in more "win" scenarios (wages are increased without being pushed over the "cliff" that results in negative productivity) than "loss" scenarios (where wages are pushed over the cliff). This is consistent with the narrative of American employees losing leverage over time. If both the narrative and its theoretical+observed impact on elasticity are true, minimum wage increases are becoming more beneficial over time. To be precise, bribery isn't just legal, it's mandatory under the current campaign finance setup. Campaign finance reform is a prerequisite for addressing any of the anti-consumer legislation we are stuck with today. Best of all, it hasn't been turned into a partisan wedge yet, so there's hope, assuming we can find a way to make people care. Unfortunately, last time I saw a campaign finance reform proposal cross the HN frontpage, it fell off within 5 minutes :( > the only politicians willing to put money into that fight are either already outnumbered, or just crazy (or smart) enough to vote against their own future reelection 1. This division doesn't fall strictly on party lines, which was my point. 2. With a modicum of cleverness you can get around the immediate issue (politicians don't want to give their opponents a leg up in the next election) by engineering the changes to phase in one position at a time and "lock in place" only when beneficial to the incumbent (e.g. in a year when corporate support backs out for one reason or another). Life emerged very early in the geological history of Earth. The probability of this happening is greater under the "P(life|conditions)≈1" model than under the "P(life|conditions)≈0" model. Our historical observations give the "P(life|conditions)≈1" model greater likelihood. It's not exactly proof, but it's enough to convince me. > Selection bias. Elaborate. If you're referring to the anthropic principle, I don't see how it's relevant to my argument. > given the diversity that we have now, there can be millions of forms of life all existing at the same place/time. Sure, each niche favors a different specialist, but why do you think that whichever process led to the emergence of life will be any good at producing competing specialists? I'd think that evolution of existing organisms would be infinitely better at this task, as existing organisms have both a numerical advantage and the strategic advantage of DNA (a "playbook" of previous successful strategies to draw inspiration from). Very few niches are available for the emergence of life, even though there are clearly many available for the evolution of existing life. The available niches require a level of sophistication that spontaneous process cannot achieve but that evolution can achieve (e.g. photosynthesis). Not strictly relevant. If your hypothesis is extreme, a single observation can make its posterior probability small. For instance, suppose that Alice gives you a coin and says "it lands on heads 99% of the time" (hypothesis A) but Bob calls BS and says "it looks like a regular quarter, so it should land on heads 50% of the time" (hypothesis B). You assign prior probabilities of 50% to A,B because on one hand you can't imagine how anyone could engineer a coin to land on heads 99% of the time, but on the other hand Alice is a great engineer, so you don't know what to believe. If you flip the coin a single time and get tails, your experiment strongly supports hypothesis B over A. OTOH, if it landed on heads, A would be weakly supported over B. We started with an even prior, so the posterior probability of A,B are proportional to their likelihoods: P(A|t)≈2% and P(B|t)≈98%, while P(A|h)≈66% and P(B|h)≈33%. Let's say that a typical planet remains habitable for 8b years and it takes 4b years from the emergence of life to the emergence of intelligent life, so according to the anthropic principle life had a 4b year window in which to emerge. Under the model where P(emergence)/time is tiny, the probability of life emerging in the first billion years is ~.25. Under the model where P(emergence)/time≈1, the probability of life emerging in the first billion years is 1. With even priors, the posterior of P(emergence)/time≈1 is 80% and the posterior of P(emergence)/time≈0 is 20%. It's not scientific proof of anything, but it's enough to make me consider alternative explanations for why life is rare. Wolves aren't known for taking other animals, putting them in cages, and staring at them. Wolves are known for eating other animals. How do you address the problem where you get impossible superpositions that are difficult to resolve via repulsive forces, leading to a massive deposition of energy in the objects? http://i.imgur.com/ZgMNXpS.gif Hmm, Poe's law? I'll bite. When it comes to engineering, domain knowledge is often far more important than any kind of inherent "smartness," and ancient Egyptians had thousands of years of block-stacking domain knowledge that we don't. While modern society has billions of tricks up our sleeve that would completely befuddle ancient Egyptians, I'm sure they had a handful of tricks that would catch us by surprise. Knowledge isn't strictly ordered. Also, just because we aren't sure precisely which strategy they used doesn't mean that we didn't think of it, it just means that we can't find evidence to overwhelmingly support a single one of our hypotheses. > It's not clear what the "proper" division of that $X should be Your hidden assumption that X is constant is what clouds the picture. It's easy to see that maximizing competition at every stage is in the consumer interest. Given the state of the US telecom market (obsolete infrastructure, lackluster innovation, record profits) do you think that the extra money they get from you will go towards infrastructure or fat pockets? "Create the sickness, sell the cure" is the business model I see being most profitable in this scenario. The contract you negotiate will be to avoid throttling, not to access speeds that would be unavailable in a parallel universe with net neutrality. Choice != control when someone else writes the rules. The fact that it's variable isn't a valid criticism on its own: there is uncertainty in every standard we use, and the objective is to minimize that uncertainty. It's quite possible that the practically achievable error bars from this method would be thinner than the practical error bars of another method. Besides, the fact that you can arbitrarily increase the precision of this method without hitting any hard physical limitations is a solid selling point. You mean they passed a law specifically blocking the actions the President took : he gave the executive order to close Guantanamo 2 days after the inauguration. http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_office/ClosureOfGuantana... Sure, he could find a way to push it through, but given the Republicans' historical success at demanding the world from a Democrat with a mandate (e.g. cutting capital gains tax by a third in exchange for childrens' health care), I'm sure their asking price was high. Why use C++? Performance, universal familiarity, ability to access low level APIs (libraries, x86, syscalls), abundance of good tooling, manual memory management (+debug tooling), legacy. Why not directly compete with C++? The performance and compatibility/"close to the metal" requirements are separate. Much of C++'s complexity comes from the latter. It makes sense to create a solution for applications that require one but not the other. My point was not that Dems as a party were blameless, only that Obama could plausibly lie anywhere on the fault spectrum for this issue. You're correct to observe that the real fault lies with the political system that encourages the use of bargaining chips, but the people blaming Obama were the only ones saying otherwise. I used CHIP as an example of congress opposing a mandate in order to win concessions. The CHIP issue almost certainly had roughly similar party lines, but given a few hours I'm sure I could dig up 10 examples of party X opposing party Y's mandate to extract concessions regardless of whether X==Y or X!=Y, if that would make you happy. Yes, $30 is an insane estimate for the cost of a PID controller. Probably because nobody buys discrete PID hardware anymore because microcontrollers disrupted that market decades ago. You could easily implement thousands of PID controllers sufficient for this application on a $3 microcontroller with a $2 thermistor. Those are sparkfun prices, so 1/2 that would not be unreasonable for a BOM estimate. Sundry connectors and power transistors would cost more, but those will be present in the analog version as well. Temperature proofing is unnecessary - the sparkfun thermistor is rated to 125C and you can trade latency for max temp by moving it away from the heated parts. In this application you can afford to trade truckloads of latency. Also, this is not a project for 3EEs + 2 technicians, this is a project for 1 bored EE in an afternoon. I suspect calibrating the digital version would be 10x-100x easier on an industrial scale. I have no idea why or how he thinks the analog version would work better, so I can't really counter-argue. On DigiKey I can find a bunch of PID controllers in the >$200 range. I suspect that the $30 figure comes from a discrete package that made economic sense long ago when one had to use op amps and tuning pots to build a PID circuit. Even though microcontrollers have disrupted that market, the ancient PID controllers will stick around in supply warehouses as long as the machines which used them need replacement parts. $30 (or $200) could be significantly above the original manufacturer price if the parts are no longer manufactured but are still in demand. If one has only ever heard of PID controllers as "the semi-magical black boxes used to solve control problems" then one might make the mistake of only looking through the purpose-built controllers rather than looking for the cheapest uC. As for your separate note, I noticed that inconsistency as well. I never figured it out, although by that point I was ~70% sure the whole analysis was botched so I didn't spend too much time thinking about it. No, I don't think that stepping back and saying "this allocation of resources stinks" is myopic. Not unless you have so much faith in our resource allocation system that you excuse it from the need to justify itself. In fact, I think it's myopic to assume that a business has justified its existence solely on the basis that it has experienced success on the market. A method to make a well-to-do individual or company even more well-to-do, despite a 2x or 10x cost to the competition or to society, is a winning business proposition. "Create the problem, sell the cure" is a valid business model. Feeding the poor is not. Like most of us here, I believe that in total the market is a force for good, but let's please not pretend that market forces are self-justifying or beyond reproach. In an adversarial system, the solution to one person's "real problem" can be a real monster to the rest of us. We have to make the good/evil call on our own. Most of us are familiar with the game-theoretic concept of Nash Equilibrium and how, with the right rules, you can drive a local optimization scheme* to a globally anti-optimal outcome (i.e. the prisoner's dilemma). Since our economy runs on a local optimization scheme, it's entirely reasonable to wonder if there are any market segments where the Nash Equilibrium is particularly objectionable. The marketing industry is a great example. I've heard it claimed that its purpose in society is to convey information to the consumer. But that's not how it makes money. It makes money by attracting customers, and indeed the ads that you and I see every day are so acutely tuned to this goal, to the near total exclusion of all others, that I doubt there are many of us who believe that watching ads helps the average person make better business decisions. "Captain Morgan has the best brand of rum!" and "Dawny makes the softest tissues" are not messages that are of any use to society. Just the opposite -- they're probably false or, at best, misleading. Both customers and manufacturers would benefit from cutting the advertisers out of the equation. But they can't, because that's not a Nash equilibrium, and so the arms race continues. It's not as expensive as the actual wars we are fighting, but it's not too far off either. Look, you're right that the whole "all industry does is churn out socially worthless CRUD apps" criticism is unfair. Industry has solved (and will solve) an enormous number of practical problems. But it's not myopic to notice when a business empire is built on a strategy of dubious social value or to notice when the market is systematically undervaluing some kind of human activity. Those things happen, and it's reasonable to complain when a petty/artificial "real problem" gets enshrined while the most glaring "real problems" get swept under the rug. The scientific and humane startups you mentioned sound like steps in the right direction. I just hope that they experience a nonzero success rate. Market forces have a long and ignominious history of serving those sectors poorly. I don't have any great answers (apart from the obvious "don't defund science or social nets"), but the only way we can hope to find better options is by identifying what's wasteful, calling it that, and trying to figure out new ways to address the problem. * While I sincerely apologize to any game theorists who object to my inaccurate terminology, I must point out that it was you guys who decided to call this kind of optimization "greedy." Yeah, I walked right into that one. I was thinking of a few specific examples and made a generally false statement. Cross out "competition." The spirit of the complaint is still valid. You were wise to qualify with "assuming no broken laws" because the schemes I was thinking of weren't legal, just almost impossible to prosecute ;) > Government is subject to a wild variety of inefficiencies. Of course. I'm not proposing a command economy. In fact, I wouldn't even propose to legislate away the industry I just maligned. I do believe (in agreement with Adam Smith) that the market is not a suitable model for all kinds of human activity. Science, for instance. You can't determine the value of an experimental result until long after you have given it away for free, making it nearly impossible for scientific organizations to capture any of the value they create. Next time the doctor tells you (or a dying relative) that you don't have any good options, reflect on the market's wisdom in spending only 2% of health care revenue on research. Does this figure represent some hidden insight or does it represent a boring fact about the way markets work that has nothing to do with optimality? > The "allocation of resources" is largely determined by market forces Yes, I understand that. Sometimes this leads to a healthy, competitive environment with some seriously awesome features (the ability to replace incumbents, supply/demand matching, abundant opportunity, etc). But sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it does crazy, stupid, wasteful things. Sometimes market forces are smarter than political forces in that they force people to deal rationally with unpleasant truths. Sometimes markets are dumb as bricks and create unpleasant truths all on their own. My post did not propose any form of socialism. In fact, it didn't propose any solution at all. My post merely asked you to not pretend that the market's shit doesn't stink. > your statement that the market's allocation is a waste is shortsighted because an environment in which someone decided what people should or should not be working on is an environment I want no part in. I don't see how your desires relate to the shortsightedness of the plan I never proposed. > I do know it is working exceedingly well Is that a base rate fallacy or a "screw you, I have mine"? I can't tell. I suspect that those people value the fact that this is happening more than the fact that they don't "get" to complain about it not happening. I tend to agree with you about tools. I have yet to meet a language feature that's more important than library availability, profiling, autocompletion, documentation, debugging, etc. Then again, I don't face the script/C/CUDA choice everyday (most of his detractors on this thread don't either, I'd be willing to bet) so his circumstances are probably different enough to justify a different priority list. His argument might be perfectly valid for the HPC community which is a powerful constituency among academic programmers. However, he did address library availability, and that argument resonates with me. I've never met a FFI I didn't come to loathe. I've had java, ruby, and python FFI libraries fail to satisfy my needs despite half a dozen bugfixes between them. What this man says about having to write wrappers, despite abundant and loud promises to the contrary, is completely true. You don't have to wander far off the beaten path before a typical FFI goes belly-up. POD structs usually suffice (Sure, we support POD structs! Oh, you want to nest them / align them / make arrays of them / have them hold pointers / ...? We don't support that "yet". Worse: they support it but it's buggy.). Heavens help you if your argument has (gasp) an initializer or one of the arguments is a reference. Maybe things have changed in the last ~5 years, but I doubt it. If Julia's intimate connection with LLVM makes it practical to implement a better FFI or hybridize FFI + wrapper code when necessary, it will have a very valuable advantage over python for purposes of scientific computing. Maybe even enough to displace it in the long run. EDIT: By "hybridize" I mean that the ability to embed asm,C,C++ in Julia with the same ease that you can embed asm in C/C++ would be a KILLER feature. I've heard many very smart people (professors, leaders of large HPC efforts, "language geeks") express the same sentiment over the years. Unfortunately, it's a btch of a problem, as attested to by the veritable graveyard of half-baked solutions out there. Apple's "Bridge Support" is the closest thing I've seen to success (haven't worked with MS's CIL) and it leaves much to be desired. I'm not sure there is any way around the impedance mismatches between languages. They're all slightly different for a reason. Perhaps clean C APIs are the best we can hope for. Err, what?! Companies don't exist to save lives or explore intellectual curiosity. They exist to make money. Therefore we do have a responsibility to try and make the profit motive line up with more humanistic motives. A strongly decreased financial incentive is disincentive in a system where 1) Equipment and the necessities of life cost money, to say nothing of opportunity cost. Even the most ascetic lab rat can't eat good feelings and intellectual curiosity. 2) If you're looking to raise capital, E(ROI)>0 makes it 100x easier to raise 100x as much capital (perhaps this is exaggerating, but capital markets are MUCH larger than charity markets). > If LLVM is so bad RMS doesn't have a problem with LLVM because it's bad, he has a problem with it because it's good. > the biggest hurdle to people caring about copyleft is the sheer tonnage of disrespect people like RMS show to others No, the biggest hurdles to people caring about copyleft are by far the incompatibilities with accepted practices and existing software that make it a lot of work to comply with copyleft ideals. RMS's tone never seemed disrespectful to me. Uncompromising and occasionally blunt, yes, but never disrespectful. What would you have had him do differently? Compromise his ideals? Spin out a comforting but insincere apology that focused on licensing technicalities rather than the underlying philosophical issues? TFA says precisely that and mentions public pension plans as a more secure option. In fact, he phrases his statement to imply that he believes the "bait and switch" approach to pensions is inevitable in the private market. > Public service is the only environment where defined benefit pensions will remain fully funded. If by "no amount of code analysis will help" you mean to exclude techniques such as running the damn thing on a known-vulnerable box/VM, then sure. But very few reverse engineers operate under that restriction. It's like DRM: the user must have the key, so the only security you can have lies in obfuscation. > The phrase "only abstinence is 100% effective" is a slogan for teens, not a claim that only abstinence only sex education is 100% effective You don't have to claim that a stupid course of action is perfect to deserve mockery. Following the stupid course of action will suffice. > It depends on how much a person... No, the success of abstincence-only education as public policy does not depend on a single person's wants, desires, and incentives. It depends on the wants, desires, and incentives of an existing imperfect population. Claiming that "our policy would work if only people were moral and rational in X, Y, and Z ways" is irrelevant if people are known to not be moral and rational in X, Y, and Z ways, which is indeed the case with respect to sex-ed. At the end of the day it either works to reduce teen pregnancy or it doesn't, and in this sense abstinence-only education doesn't work. I wish. -Someone who just spent half of a perfectly good day wrestling with their buggy installer The glyphosate team is a bad example. They deserved every bit of the criticism they received [2]. In fact, I'd go so far as to Monsanto's criticism was highly understated and generally an outstanding example of scientific discourse. I suspect that they (the team that found negative effects) didn't get the results they wanted so they came up with an implicit null hypotheses so shitty that they practically guaranteed p then did significance tests along the principal components. I'm not a statistician, but that methodology is about as dubious as it gets. You should read it and decide for yourself before using it as an example. It's a pity that this kind of behavior is par for the course in the category of "controversial environmental findings," because there are plenty of legitimate questions to ask and legitimate issues to raise. I have no relation to Monsanto, except that I eat their products. We talked about this paper [1] in journal club and were unimpressed (except by their criticism of Monsanto's methodology, which was, ironically, spot on). I wasn't aware of Monsanto's formal response [2] at the time, but from a brief glance it appears to hit the nail on the head. [1] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2793308/ [2] http://www.monsanto.com/newsviews/Documents/SpirouxdeVendimo... I'd hazard a guess that everyone here understands how arbitrage is supposed to work. But how valuable is market making, really? Is it always a good thing that "well-run" markets tend towards the extremes of having razor-thin producer excess or razor-thin consumer excess? Because that's what seems to happen in big/equilibrium markets. One party has a slightly stronger bargaining position and the process of market-making teases that out and translates it into "one person wins big, one person wins just-barely-more-than-nothing." In the process, some of that excess winds up in the hands of middlemen, so to argue that "it's a feature, not a bug" you have to show not only that the value of driving one party's margins to 0 is positive, but that it exceeds the sum of the value captured by middlemen in the process. Sometimes we can throw up our hands and say "eh, you win some you lose some," but other times the result is so unspeakably horrific that this attitude goes from "unproductive" to "evil." Example: labor markets. Is it a feature or a bug that unskilled laborers don't manage to capture any of their producer excess, and that the equilibrium wage would lie just north of what what was required to make work preferable to starvation and homelessness (less, actually, because some people will be willing to invest savings/debt/daddy's$$ in acquiring experience = differentiation = freedom from the crushing competition)? Look, I don't know of any system that I'm convinced is better. But that doesn't make the market perfect, so let's not pretend that its shit doesn't stink. In particular, is it possible to structure a market in some way to split the excess? Are there any big/equilibrium markets people know of that we could look to for inspiration? Not quite. Without housing ordinances you could buy 10,000sqft, build a multi-story building where once there was a single-story building, and sell 50,000sqft. You can still turn a profit by selling at a lower rate than you bought since you can multiply quantity between buying and selling. Through the magic of multi-story buildings we actually can manufacture "land" out of thin air. There wouldn't be such a crunch without building restrictions. > VLC is to my knowledge the only average user-oriented program that can end up in such situations Windows Media Player, Firefox, iTunes, ... VLC makes it easier (you can boost a quiet song or movie until it fills the OS-defined dynamic range) but a loud song in any other piece of music playing software would have the same effect. Depending on the genres of music you listen to, it's not uncommon to come across songs that have been boosted until they clip. As for hiding the option in preferences, volume boosting is one of VLC's key value propositions to laypeople (in my experience). Making it undiscoverable would be a disaster. Maybe add a 1-off warning dialog for users on Dell computers? Wasn't that what led to the mortgage crisis? Banks got to choose the "independent" auditors they used, so the market of auditors selected for those who overvalued the assets. When it became clear that the "independent" valuations were unreliable, the system collapsed at massive cost to the global economy. Competition isn't a magic bullet. It amplifies perverse incentives just as easily as it amplifies legitimate incentives. Yes! But I'm not so sure we can entirely blame the make syntax. Something made the CMake people believe that inventing a new macro language / m4-redux was a good idea. I'm thinking that either m4 is a mind-virus or they're serving wine in lead glasses at the annual build-system conferences. I don't follow. We've had TextWrangler, SubEthaEdit, TextMate, Sublime Text, and Smultron alongside rapidly improving IDEs like Coda, XCode, VS, LightTable, and a host of web-based environments like JSfiddle, Cloud9IDE, and Codepen. Text editors don't just attract attention, they attract a lot of attention, and I'm glad for it. Is there something about the (admittedly very difficult and thankless) task of automating builds that justifies re-inventing the wagon-wheel of languages? Because that was my specific complaint, and there's a reason why it was specific. First of all, drawing a line between IDEs and text editors is a surefire way to ignore the kind of innovation that is happening with regard to text-editing. If you insist on doing this then in your search for innovation you've drawn a box so narrow that you should not be surprised to find nothing in it. There are only so many pure text-editing actions with positive ROI and E&V mastered the bulk of them long ago. Even so, E&V haven't been standing still. It's true they refuse to innovate in certain directions: 1. Out-of-the-box integration with modern toolsets (0-configuration documentation, smart autocomplete, build, debug, jump-to-definition, etc) 2. Present an interface that is easily discoverable by GUI-minded folk 3. Take advantage of the opportunities afforded by non-textual displays but each of these is done "poorly" in E&V for a good reason, as per your text editor / IDE distinction. They can't change these things without stepping on the toes of their power users (i.e. all of them) and leaving behind part of what made them great, which is why this kind of innovation is happening away from E&V. Most of the apps I listed address between 1 and 3 of the above issues. Just because the young upstart editors don't support keyboard input and customization with the fluidity of E&V doesn't mean they are purely derivative. They do something that a lot of people want done that E&V don't do, and they do it well . That's what innovation is all about. So I ask again what it is that you would consider innovation and why the projects I listed don't count. But we just got done establishing that police officers have 1) The authority to imprison you on a whim and suffer no repercussions for exercising that authority in ways that judges and other police officers agree is excessive. 2) The authority to lie about what you said or didn't say and suffer no repercussions. There's a large cost associated with the "never talk to police" strategy, and it only starts to probabilistically pay off after you've gotten to the point of requiring complex court proceedings (which you might never have gotten to if you were more cooperative in the first place). Yeah, I think you're right, we were talking past each other. There are many ways talking can help. It can help you avoid the police officer's discretionary punishments. It can help you avoid increased scrutiny that turns up something incriminating. It's less probable that it will help you avoid being punished due to a baldfaced lie on the part of the officer, since presumably the courts are good at filtering those out, but it's not impossible. Once you require the services of a trial lawyer, the benefits of talking are off the table and the price of silence looks like pocket change. That's why you hear the advice "never talk to the police." Not because it's a good idea in general (try it next time you get a traffic ticket and tell me how it goes), but because it's a very bad idea in certain very specific cases, which happen to be precisely the cases seen by those giving the advice. Your prior probabilities are different, and your behavior should reflect that. This video was what I had in mind when I wrote > the "never talk to police" strategy ... only starts to probabilistically pay off after you've gotten to the point of requiring complex court proceedings (which you might never have gotten to if you were more cooperative in the first place). > Once you require the services of a trial lawyer, the benefits of talking are off the table and the price of silence looks like pocket change. That's why you hear the advice "never talk to the police." Not because it's a good idea in general (try it next time you get a traffic ticket and tell me how it goes), but because it's a very bad idea in certain very specific cases, which happen to be precisely the cases seen by those giving the advice. Your prior probabilities are different, and your behavior should reflect that. > Non-cooperation is just as likely to make a cop lose interest as cooperation. If they're in a good mood today. Maybe. > The more you speak to a cop, the more likely you are to say something that you'll regret. Yes. My point was that staying completely silent makes it more likely you'll piss off the cop. You'll regret that, too. > Thinking that you can control the situation is a mistake. Right back at you. > You can't make a cop not beat you to death by talking. If you can make a cop beat you to death by (in their eyes) being obstinate, the difference is immaterial. > Silence is simply a dominant strategy. I still don't buy it, unless the cop is already antagonized or you suspect that a judge/jury will be involved before this is all over. I'm glad it worked, but that isn't proof of much. We already know most cops aren't out to get you, the question is what to do when you face one of the stinkers. I wish you the best of luck in the future, specifically with regard to the moods of the police officers who will try to speak with you. > Last time I check such abuse can't be seen anywhere in Europe. That sounds like wishful thinking. Where exactly did you check? Liquidity. Offline wallets are risky in that they could delay a cash-out in the face of plummeting bitcoin value. I'm not sure why you felt the need to open with a politically controversial assertion (assuming email addresses, not hits, were your goal). You've alienated at least half your readers at that point, and likely more than half, since the "government debt is bad" camp usually employs far more sophisticated arguments to reach far less overstated conclusions. There are a million tragedies of the commons to pick from, why not choose one that's more relevant to your analogy or less controversial? I'm not even sure you benefit from the analogy, since I found it to be significantly more difficult to understand than your value proposition. Automating the process of tossing up a "If you block our ads, we don't get paid, please unblock (link)" message over a sad-looking animal, intelligently selecting the most valuable ads that can bypass blocking, and providing quantitative insight (graphs, etc) into the tradeoffs of different ad campaigns are all interesting propositions. But you're awfully cagy about what it is you'll actually be doing to a degree that seems ridiculous next to the enthusiasm with which you thrust your political views into the discussion. More details, less politics. Why did you leave out the quote immediately after that? It's relevant. > the Australian agency "has been able to continue to cover the talks, providing highly useful intelligence for interested US customers" Whey would they say that the (continued!) intelligence provided by the Australian agency was "highly useful" if their counsel ruled they couldn't use it? Yeah, I couldn't shake the feeling that the framing narrative of coord-cutters was worse than useless (except as linkbait). We already know that monopolies can increase their prices until customers are getting nearly 0 utility out of doing business with them. That's why Comcast and TWC merged (how the hell did that get through the FTC?). That's why prices are going up while quality of internet service is going down. The only reason to blame rising internet costs on coord-cutters is to divert attention away from a reality that could land Comcast in legal trouble. The local banks have spent enough money over the years advertising their "automatic bill pay" schemes that somebody must see value in them. Good luck beating them at that game, though. They've been at it for at least a decade. > convex The "war on centrifugal force" is pedagogical. If you sit in an inertial frame, all forces you intend to teach are due to interactions between objects. This lets teachers introduce the interactions one at a time in a way that presents minimal opportunity for the "no, that equation doesn't work here for XYZ reasons which you won't understand until after you've taken vector calculus" problem. If you allow rotating reference frames then you've got to talk about transformation rules in gory detail. Everyone understands centrifugal force, but what about the coriolis and euler forces? Our intuition doesn't tell us when they apply and when they don't, so we have to be systematic about it, and that means "gory details". And guess what "being systematic about it" involves? Moving to an inertial frame of reference and taking derivatives! You can't be intuitively correct or systematic about rotating frames without thoroughly understanding inertial frames, so that's what you learn first, along with strongly worded advice to stay away from non-inertial frames (e.g. defining frame-dependent forces as "fictitious"). Anyone doing general relativity is comfortable enough with coordinate transformations that they can understand the caveats that come with frame-dependent forces and even take advantage of them to simplify calculations or definitions (the process of going from a "global" to a "local" coordinate system is highly nontrivial in GR). That's why the Coriolis, Euler, and Centrifugal forces are called "fictitious" while gravity isn't. Because run-flat tires cost a lot more than removing a chip. Or buying a jammer, if they get clever about making the chip hard to remove. You don't have any support for you claim that a, b, and c were unrealistic. Pot, kettle. Mycorrhizae are pretty darn cool. Two kingdoms of life abandoning a history of distrust to form an intimate partnership and solve a Hard Problem. It's symbolic. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbuscular_mycorrhiza "experiment.com" sacrifices the neat science and the symbolism. The only appeal I see is utilitarian. Given their difficulties with "Microryza," I understand that this is enough to motivate the change, but it seems like the opposite of cool and quirky. Nothing trips up beginners like slow code. I'd give up growing and self-healing if it meant not having to constantly lift to maintain condition and being able to swap out for a replacement in 5 minutes rather than spending weeks or months crippled while waiting for a self-heal. We aren't there yet either, but when judging practicality you have to include biology's failings alongside its strengths :) There's also a reason why we don't use Peltier pumps in refrigerators. Electrons are great at heating things, not so great at cooling them off. Non-falsifiable claims of superior nutritional value and anecdotal evidence about taste from friends who could not have voiced any other opinion under the constraints of social acceptability. For some reason when you have to scientifically measure the nutritional value and compete on taste, the intersection of "healthy" and "tasty" seems to shrink dramatically. A coincidence, I'm sure. A very interesting observation! However, bandwidth speculation would only be the core issue in a competitive market where price was determined primarily by infrastructure costs. What we have is the opposite of that. The core issue is leverage. Bandwidth speculation is a distant second, even though it's much more interesting to us tech folks. Exactly. Cogent isn't shoving a burden onto Comcast because that "burden" is part of Comcast's value proposition to its customers. Calling it a "burden" is like saying that Zappos is placing a burden on UPS and should pay above the standard rate to have their product delivered. Of course, UPS doesn't have a monopoly, so they can't get away with that crap. But they reveal the truth: this is all about leverage. "Toss them some money" will turn into "lie down and let them bleed you dry" sooner or later once Comcast decides to launch a competing service. It would be slightly easier than coding Mathematica from scratch (you have better computers and an example to follow) but much harder to fund, since you would be re-treading old ground and wouldn't be able to competitive for a long time. The types of problems simplified by Mathematica don't include coding Mathematica. To be sure, it pioneered a few nifty techniques that you would want to take advantage of, especially regarding symbolic manipulation, but you wouldn't be able to implement them faster if you used Mathematica (vs just drawing inspiration from it). Mathematica's huge selling points (to me) are that it's a fantastic CAS and it shatters the barriers between analytic and numeric tools. Many engineering and statistical codes involve 2/3 math and 1/3 computer science (or the other way around). Mathematica is in a completely different league for those problems because it handles the 2/3 about 50x better than your typical programming language and it handles the interface between the 2/3 and the 1/3 about 100x better than your typical programming language. Mathematicians, engineers, and scientists regularly use a number of abstractions that your typical programmer doesn't care about: integration, differential equations, linear algebra (including infinite-dimensional and tensors), coordinate systems, statistical distributions, etc, etc. These abstractions are almost never considered during language design so you spend hours writing glue code to achieve the simplest of tasks. Unless you have a Mathematica license. Example: you're writing a finite element code. The "meat and potatoes" of the problem involve putting a differential equation into weak form and evaluating a bunch of integrals to compute matrix elements. Mathematica can represent and display those elements using proper mathematical notation, it can find analytic AND numeric solutions, it can hold off on substituting variables until the last second (or elegantly substitute different sets of values for different problems), it can visualize all of this in a dozen different ways without worrying about indices and sampling rates, and it can generate code if you're feeling trusting that day. Now you want to evaluate convergence for a bunch of different meshing strategies. Not a problem: Mathematica can interpolate your meshed solutions to whatever order you want in whatever dimension using a single command and it can take differences between those interpolations and integrate with another. You never have to notice that the mesh points don't line up. You never have to spend a second thinking about multi-dimensional quadrature on tetrahedral meshes. Now you want to compare statistics about the mesh graph to an analytic model you found using Bayes Theorem in 3D parameter space and solve for the maximum likelihood values? Again, you don't have to worry about meshing or gradient descent or how to put least squares into matrix form. Just write the high-level math and let Mathematica worry about the rest. Now you want to use a simplified PDE model with an analytic solution and compare that to the numerical solutions? Mathematica can solve the PDE and take care of all the interpolation and quadrature needed to integrate the square difference with the numerical solutions. Then it can plot all these errors and update the plot automatically as you go back and change things. The value-addition vs a general purpose language is off the charts. None of that translates to the process of writing another Mathematica, since the algorithms Mathematica lets you abstract away are precisely the things you would need to worry about to implement another Mathematica. Mathematica = A + B = (1000s of algorithms that mathematicians, scientists, and engineers care about, all coded with a common interface) + (syntax that elegantly glues them together) B is comparatively easy and interesting if you like languages -- Mathematica's language is LISP on steroids. A is the schlep, and it's a doozy. Whoops, sounds like you already know exactly what I spent 3/4 of my post belaboring :) I'm still not sure I understand your proposal. How do short IDE-type addons solve the problem of integrating siloed codebases with each other? The way I see it, the only way forward is 1. Convince a language person that first-class support for algebraic metaprogramming is important 2. Convince someone from each of the fields {numerical methods, linear programming, finite element methods, graph theory, etc} to export an interface to the language in #1, possibly re-structuring their entire codebase to do so 3. Documentation, convenience schleps I say "convince" because the problem of making a Mathematica replacement is far enough down my todo list that I have no choice but to be realistic about the fact that I probably won't be that person. > With no human operable "helm" there is no way to divert the ship, short of posessing an engine more powerful than the ship's engine Because engines are impossible to disable, GPS is impossible to spoof, and control systems are impossible to hack even with unlimited physical access. > no crew to hold hostage There's a fancy robotic ship and a bunch of cargo to hold hostage. > the practical amount of looting is a fraction of one container How do you reckon? I suppose if the value-density of the cargo were low enough then nobody would have incentive to steal it, so they would have to threaten to destroy it instead. > The real objections should be about failure modes of ships and what a crew can to to mitigate them. You're absolutely right. But piracy is one of those failure modes. To be fair, figuring out whether any quantum computing is happening without knowledge of what's going on inside the blackbox is like trying to prove that your VM is running on a server with X CPU, Y memory, etc, under the assumption that any APIs which purport to give you this information are untrustworthy. It's not a trivial problem in the analogous classical case either. Ditto. Why on earth would one want to develop on a tablet or phone? Even for toy interview problems they make awful dev environments. Between lack of a physical keyboard, tiny screen, slow processor, no VM support, no IDEs to speak of, and no mature command line environment they're dead in the water. A complete non-starter. You can't draw a diagram on them, typing symbols on them is a mess, and they don't support screen-sharing worth a damn, even in the stone-age sense of having two people standing side by side staring at the same thing. As hypothetical interview tools they're literally worse than a piece of paper or whiteboard. Which is probably why I've never seen them used as interview tools. It boggles my mind that the authors of this app prioritized iOS and android support, let alone made it iOS/android exclusive. You guys had me convinced and ready to sign up. And then I find out you don't support the platform it makes most sense for you to support. Madness. Bah, what would I possibly need with a scraped definition that 1) Hasn't been chunked into 20 pieces of varying grammatical structure which are automatically matched to corresponding questions 2) Hasn't been subsequently pasted over a slideshow of completely irrelevant stock photos in bold, white font 3) Isn't accompanied by a grid of ~30 vaguely related questions helpfully linked to similar pages and tastefully decorated with more irrelevant stock photos 4) Only occupies ~1.5 rather than 3 or 4 of the front page search results 5) Contains only closely related textual ads rather than a melange of casino, fast food, and online college banners 6) Has fewer than 25 trustworthy stock faces smiling back at me from any given scroll position If this is the best google can do then I don't think wiki.answers.com has anything to fear. ------------ Seriously, how the hell does wiki.answers.com manage to pollute half of the searches I make with their algorithmically generated garbage (multiple times, at that)?! What kind of SEO catapulted them to the top despite 0 viewer retention and what surely must be about 0 reputable backlinks? How haven't they been sent to the 1000th page with manual penalties already? They show up before wikipedia itself, for crying out loud! Google, if you aren't going to let users maintain a manual blacklist, you need to be on top of this kind of thing. It's seriously degrading my search experience and I suspect I'm not alone. This kind of inattention is the type of thing that can push even the most inattentive users to change default search engines. Overkill until the network goes down or the server dies or somebody needs to work remotely and the VPN isn't working. I don't know how fast git is wrt cvs, but I remember being pleasantly surprised coming from svn. You don't have to have a distributed workflow to occasionally reap the benefits of working with git. Solyndra was beaten by government funded companies. Just not the US government. I don't know how it works for dentists, but my understanding is that for doctors we've essentially given the doctors' guild the ability to legally dictate how many medical graduates they will allow, making them the envy of unions around the world (and schools, who are very happy with an arrangement that allows them to auction off a restricted supply of meal tickets). Sometimes you'll hear the AMA blame congress because they've gotten congress to pay for part of the education process and it hesitates to periodically increase the handout, but the reality is that they could change things tomorrow if they wanted to. Which they don't, because they rather enjoy the sky-high salaries that come from the artificial scarcity they've created. The market is slowly working around this constraint by allowing nurses to train and take on some of the responsibilities that were previously subject to the artificial labor scarcity. Unfortunately this only represents about ~1/3 of the problem with our medical industry by market share. The other two thirds come from drug price overruns (US drug buyers pay twice as much as single-payer countries which have much more size = bargaining power) and the medical insurance industry (a textbook case of "costs of competition" dramatically exceeding the benefits in a measurable way). Yes! It's insanity! Well, I wish it was insanity. It's actually cold and calculated exploitation. This is why we need campaign finance reform. Under the current system, politicians don't have the freedom to reject bribe money even if they want to. What a mess. > this group [does not deny] that climate change is occurring But their press release says > Apple is wasting untold amounts of shareholder money to combat so-called climate change. which sounds like denial to me. Would you prefer to call them "Climate Change Skeptics," the term coined by radical conservatives to attempt to paint themselves as not crazy and anti-scientific? Everyone plays the "name yourself according to something non-controversial, name your opponent according to something controversial" game. I wouldn't get too upset about it. > "The Planet Isn't Warming" Wow, and here I thought "so-called" was clinching evidence. That's the value of doing your homework! Methodology is important. See here: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/1395w-3a > the manufacturer’s “average sales price” means ... sales to all purchasers ... in the United States ... divided by the total number of such units So it looks like the ASP is fixed to the shit price that results from fragmented bargaining by US companies. A 23% discount on a 100% markup = drug companies laughing all the way to the bank. As for Medicaid, I'm not familiar enough to answer. Do they get decent prices or is there similar corruption at play? This, a thousand times this. My first introduction to Linear Algebra came from Strang's OpenCourseWare videos and, a year later, a class that used his book. Despite having gone through the material twice, I struggled to apply it to actual problems. Connecting the real world (err, models of the real world) to the blocks of numbers was the sticking point. What are the matrix's units? How do I write down a matrix that does what I want? I looked things up and prayed that whatever black magic the mathematicians on wikipedia had invoked in their derivations would match the implicit assumptions I knew I had to be making. Then I was forced to re-take linear algebra in college. We used Axler's book and suddenly everything made sense. The blocks of numbers that you type into matlab are simply shadows of the mathematical concepts of a vector and linear transformation. The abstract mathematical concepts are actually closer to the real world concepts they model because they don't have to depend on arbitrary choices of coordinate system, etc. Once you understand how to model real-world quantities with abstract vectors and linear maps (easy) and how to translate those coordinate-free equations into coordinate-dependant matrix equations (easy), THEN you understand the material enough to apply it without fumbling around trying to paste other peoples' formulas together (hard). OP's book looks well written but it entirely follows the tradition of emphasizing the blocks of numbers over the abstract concepts. Linear maps don't appear until page 75, while blocks of numbers enter on page 5! That's nuts! Use Axler. I started reading it for a class but I wasn't assigned all the problems. Later, I managed to propel myself through it by building confidence with the problems of the first few chapters (which were easy by that point) and then embracing the sunk-cost fallacy to get through the rest. One problem stood out. I forget the chapter, but I'll never forget the problem: prove that normed vector spaces are inner product spaces IFF the parallelogram law holds. It took about half a day to crack that problem and I was completely lost for about 90% of it. (That's not a strategy. The first paragraph was my strategy. My only point here is that you aren't alone in getting stuck.) The existence of shit-apps does not in any way suggest that a native SDK is unnecessary or inferior. Once we figure out gene therapy there'll be a Moore's law. Until then, we're stuck with the inverse Moore's law of small molecule drug design. http://rogerpielkejr.blogspot.com/2011/02/innovation-in-drug... Not just you. I'm procrastinating on one of those too-damn-hard math problems right now! You provide them with a premade test-prep curriculum that is interwoven with genuine educational videos, perhaps in a subtle way, such as providing coarse links to review material in response to incorrect answers. Then you hope that educators will either see the value in your cross-links or won't have the time to scrape your question bank and eliminate the cross-references ("condensing" the review material). Disclaimer: I have no actual idea if this is what they're doing, I'm just saying that it could be done this way. Two sentences later: > Sadoway and his team tested more than 1,000 cells with dozens of alloys and salts to find one that’s commercially viable. Looks like they can do their homework after all. > Learning is simply better when you have to write things down. If the pace and level of a lecture is such that you can both listen and write things down, then yes, I'd agree that having the extra check is helpful. When you re-create an argument or diagram on paper you force yourself to work out the wrinkles and pay attention to the details in a way that you never do if you're just staring at a slide. However, not all lectures work that way unless you consistently take classes below your level. Sometimes you get hung up on a concept and you're forced to do two things at once: 1) copy the text & diagrams verbatim 2) understand the material where #1 is significantly more cognitively demanding than reproducing an argument that you already understand (unless you have photographic memory, you look back and forth and back and forth) to the point that it inhibits #2, which creates a further need for #1 in a spiral of uninterrupted misery and needless failure. This is where premade notes shine. They don't have to be a .ppt (I'd prefer if they were TeX sheets or a book chapter, assuming the book chapter actually corresponds to the same material) but they have to be there if you want students to be able to occasionally focus 100% on what you're saying. Looking back on my LiveScribe archive, I notice a paradoxical trend: I took significantly better notes in classes that had support from solid permanent materials. Why? Because I was able to stop taking notes, focus, and fill things in later when appropriate as opposed to trying and failing to do #1 and #2 at the same time. It's the same way with ICBMs. Once they've gone ballistic they look up at the stars to get their bearings. Then they switch to their gyroscope to guide themselves in. It makes sense, in a chilling way: you can't rely on radio signals like GPS, because in a nuclear exchange your satellites are likely to be destroyed or jammed. You can't rely on surface features because in a nuclear apocalypse those might be changing too. The only things that can be trusted to work are the gyroscope and the stars. And the payload. (In case you're wondering, I know this because I was wiki-ing around after my iphone's accelerometer went nuts to figure out how state-of-the-art gyroscopes worked. Turns out that there's a special type of gyroscope, the Ring Laser Gyroscope, which uses relativity and interference patterns to achieve ~0 drift. RLGs were developed for ICBMs.) Time and effort are being used here as evidence against wrongdoing, not as something inherently legal or illegal. Think "security footage confirming an alibi". Laws about murder say nothing (or very little) about security footage, but that doesn't mean it can't be used as evidence. Suppose that it is illegal to discriminate by using information of type A and that the following media transmit the following types of information: In-person interview (IPI): A,B,C,D,E,F,G Vague video upload (VVU): A,B Cover letter + resume (CLR): B,H,I In this slightly oversimplified example, it would be illegal to request VVU+CLR because the only possible motive for requesting VVU+CLR instead of CLR would be to obtain information that was illegal to use. I can't help but suspect that this is exactly how this story was designed to read. They could have chosen between any of the Ellis Act evictions in the dabrownstein figure (~4000 of them), and yet the person they chose to interview * has health care retirement benefits * has the ability to go back to Germany and use their social programs * has personal attention from social workers and relatives finding her options * has a car * has a shelter offering a place to stay for the night * is a member of a social group (female, white, older) that is not the bottom of the charity priority list * hoards, smokes, intentionally antagonizes her landlord All of this raises questions about how representative Inge is of the evictee population. I suspect the answer is "not very." A sample can be unrepresentative of the mean/median/mode of a distribution without being maximal or minimal. What point were you trying to make? I assumed you weren't talking about rich assholes getting evicted for unconscionable behavior, since that would be completely irrelevant to the discussion about gentrification (at least, as far as I could tell). Instead, I fuzzily matched your argument to the nearest one that I thought made sense in context ("they could have found an even less sympathetic postergirl for evictees if that was their agenda") and I answered the fuzzily matched argument. It seems you were talking about rich assholes getting evicted for unconscionable behavior after all. Sorry, but I still don't see what they have to do with gentrification. Explain? For those about to jump on the downvote bandwagon, I think the argument here was poorly phrased but might actually makes sense: > [Despite the fact that Unity supports building native linux binaries] I haven't seen ANY Unity devs commit to making native linux ports rather than just using Unity [to build binaries for the usual platforms]. Until SteamOS can make it as simple [to build native linux binaries] as Unity [already does], it's going to be a tough sell to [, at the very least,] anyone who is already using Unity [and doesn't build linux binaries, since this sizable population has already been given the choice to "check a box and build for linux" and declined]. > I was first making the point that the author could have picked a less sympathetic individual, if the author's intent had been to malign evicted tenants. Your specific example was outside the scope of gentrification, which is what we were all discussing. I accused the article of baiting us into falsely generalizing from Inge's case to conclude (fuzzily) that "evicted poor people only mind being kicked out because they're a bunch of ungrateful slobs that turn down the abundant opportunities everybody heaps upon them because they believe they are entitled to something better". Inge's hypothetical wealthy twin evictee would not have been a better candidate to advance this agenda because smearing her would not have smeared the protesting masses who, by and large, are not as wealthy. > My second point was intended to state that I am not sure what type of person would be "representative" of the individuals evicted I gave you three examples. A fourth example would be to choose an evictee at random and investigate them. It's entirely possible that this is how the story came about and that it's coincidental that she is such an unsympathetic figure. My original post observed that the likelihood of interpretation #4 is lowered by the extreme nature of Inge's case. > criticizing an author for not finding a person who does not fit an undefined descriptor seems unfair to the columnist. In a world of incomplete knowledge, finite opportunity cost, and human-resource-intensive processes for rigorous inference it's entirely fair to have a complaint that is not mathematically precise. > my counter argument would be that making a Linux version involves more than a checkbox; you now have extra platforms you need to test on and extra complexity in supporting your game in return for very little benefit. I don't think that's a counterargument, I think you're agreeing with what he said ;) > If steambox provides a known Linux environment with users wanting games it becomes a much better proposition to make a Linux version That is a counterargument. I tend to agree. I hope you're right! Blaming this on politicians is lazy and narrowsighted. Compromise is a two way street: Landowners get zoning rules that prevent them from competing with highrise apartment buildings, turning desirable regions into pressure-cookers that drive rents and property values sky-high. Tenants get rent control that shields them from the from the worst of the landowner-cartel's machinations. Not as well as they were promised at voting time, but they don't typically invest as much in local politics, so that's to be expected. The real losers are the people who would move into a neighborhood if they could. They don't get any representation in the local government. That's either a feature or a bug, depending on which side of the fence you're on :) You missed the point. s/real goods/scarce items/g I agree with you that figuring out how to structure debates in an automated fashion is a Hard Problem, but that's not the only way a debate site can add value. Finding primary sources and extracting relevant information from them is such a difficult process that disturbingly few people do it, even though it really ought to be central to a good debate. Reducing friction in the resource-finding process, curating already-discovered relevant resources (one sentence summaries + search), figuring out a way to reward evidence-based arguments, and punishing fabrications would all be huge value-adds. The real trick, of course, is figuring out how to keep people at the lower end of the spectrum engaged. I recently had the pleasant surprise of stumbling across procon.org, which appears to address some of those value-add categories (it looks curated, so there's still space for somebody to automate the process, thereby extending it to small or recent issues). I was investigating healthcare reform, so I landed here: http://healthcarereform.procon.org Pay particular attention to to "Projects" sidebar on the left. It's a goldmine of relevant quantitative information and the arguments surrounding their interpretation. This is what arguments should look like. Anyone who can figure out how to structure a forum system to organically generate something akin to the "Projects" sidebar might have a shot at making themselves a "citation hub" and becoming the Wikipedia of arguments. The world doesn't need another opinion network, but it does need another way to argue, and such a site might arise out of an especially clever opinion network. I shudder to imagine the lengths one would have to go to in order to parody John McAfee. > Do people really use HUGE numeric literals Yes. Engineering code uses numeric literals with many digits all the time. > and have so much trouble reading them that this is needed? Digit separators make digit omissions/additions much easier to spot. Imagine spending a day trying to track down a "everything explodes" bug, systematically eliminating numerical sources of error one by one, only to find that the problem is a misspecified boundary condition that you didn't catch the first time around because you were counting the number of zeros as opposed to the number of digits. c = 3000'000'000 /* m/s */ ^ I can spot this out of the corner of my eye. c = 3000000000 /* m/s */ ^ This? Not so much. The first time I wondered how the hell C++ didn't support introspection, I was 1/3 as old as I am now. I have literally been wondering for most of my life. But hey, at least they have a Turing-complete template language to go with their macros! Priorities, right? That only works for unit conversions where they're defined as ratios of each other. Nature has physical constants and engineers have environmental and design parameters that can't be written that way unless you constantly change units, which is a bad idea in a language without built-in unit checking (most of them). Also, static magnetic fields are conservative. You can't get energy out of them. The only way to get energy out of a magnetic field is by letting it change, which necessarily creates an electric field. I sympathize with the need to find a way to explain how this could be safe, but they're stretching the truth. I hope it doesn't come back to bite them when somebody puts up a youtube video of cooking eggs on copper foil or something. > Any C++ user (you know, the people who actually use the language) Funny, because I am a heavy C++ user (why did you assume differently?). C++ probably accounts for between 1/3 and 1/2 of my lifetime lines-of-code. Trouble is, I've had to use it for more than algorithms work, which is the only place I've ever seen templates shine. I've used a half dozen C and C++ GUI frameworks that painstakingly work around the introspection issue, and while these frameworks often make do quite nicely without templates, they always have a bolted-on monstrosity of an introspection system. Qt is probably the most direct example: they built their own preprocessor/parser around C++ to take care of their need for introspection. I'm glad there is a study group, but the absence of introspection has been hurting the C++ community for a long time. It's the flaw that has launched 1,000 high-level languages and 100,000 dirty hacks. Great, now all I have to do is convince every company in the world that uses C++ to paste a macro into each class and keep duplicates of all their variable declarations. (Poe's law applies, sorry if you were attempting humor and I missed it.) I vote for solid state! Voting for stat-mech almost seems like cheating :) > one of the particles to fall in and the other to escape. This results in a loss of mass of the black hole (told you it was weird) How does the energy to create the virtual particles come from the black hole (which it has to in order for the accounting to work: -2+1=-1)? Is it a "Quantum Field Theory doesn't care about the event horizon" type thing? Isn't the nonexistence of large black holes from cosmic ray collisions proof of black hole evaporation? Or have we not been able to measure that / have reason to doubt micro-black-holes are created by cosmic ray collisions in the first place? It deserves mentioning that it is very difficult for things in space to fall into each other. If two bodies aren't on a direct collision course they will orbit or slingshot, not "circle the drain until they fall in." The effects that do promote "falling in" happen on very, very long timescales with respect to anything, including stellar lifecycles (you mentioned this but didn't emphasize the extent to which one timescale utterly dominates the other). We are used to circulating fluid inevitably falling into the center of a drain, but this only happens in our daily lives because viscosity allows the water to shed angular momentum (about the drain) to its surroundings. No angular momentum transfer = no falling into the center, and a galaxy doesn't have a gigantic porcelain fixture anchored to the central black hole to which stars can transfer their angular momentum :) Is 20% time still a thing or did it die with Google Labs? > There is a huge chasm between ogling someone undertaking physical activity If anyone -- attractive man, unattractive man, attractive woman, unattractive woman -- started hula-hooping in the middle of the office I would expect people to stare. Not because it's sexual, but because it's peculiar. The gap between "stare" and "ogle" is hardly objective, let alone a "chasm." Microsoft uses compatibility and bundling as leverage to maintain their monopoly ATT/Verizon use municipal contracts and large barriers-to-entry to maintain their oligopoly All Monsanto has are patents on their specific crop strains. What prevents a seed producer from going into business other than the benefits of using Monsanto strains? EDIT: ok, after googling around (the techdirt link was broken), it looks like they were bundling http://www.organicconsumers.org/monsanto/monopoly.cfm http://www.patentdocs.org/2008/05/monsanto-and-sy.html They aren't patenting life forms, rather their modifications to life forms. > In the past we had heirloom seeds In the past we didn't have genetic engineering technology that could beat the "heirloom" mixture of selective breeding and snake oil. Now we do, and it has to be funded somehow or society doesn't benefit from that technology. > we're losing for example seeds that are have had hundreds of years of adapting to a certain environment. If they're really better adapted, why are people choosing to buy Monsanto seeds instead? Also, if this were the case, wouldn't Monsanto be interested in reverse-engineering these adaptations and applying them across species / regions? > there are also health implications Citation needed. And no, Seralini's work doesn't count -- if you would like me to explain why it was BS I can do so at great length. > this is completely disregarding the possible health implications 1. We have never held "natural" crops to standards beyond the basic FDA regs. I put "natural" in quotes because usually "natural" = "inbred over generations because even primitive genetic engineering techniques with known, proven side effects are better than nothing." This is all despite the fact that natural crops are often much further, genetically speaking, from "known goods" than Monsanto's crops, which actually do receive additional testing. > don't forget that uncle bens for example tried to patent basmati rice, and it took the indian government to shut them down Were they trying to patent their modifications to the rice, or regular, unmodified rice? The Indian government (like the Chinese government) has a long history of ignoring patent law when it suits their purposes. It's a self-interest move, not a morality move. > remember the guy mentioning a couple of years back that he wants to own 100% of the crop market by 20xx(xx being a number that i forgot). that number has been growing rapidly. I'll assume by "the guy" you mean "a higher-up at Monsanto" and by "that number" you mean "Monsanto's present market share." In that case, your assertion is patently incorrect: http://www.justice.gov/atr/public/workshops/ag2010/015/AGW-1... > and again disregarding the health implications of generic seeds distributed throughout the world By "generic," I'll assume you mean "genetically engineered." Citation still needed. > what on earth makes us think that this is any different? The fact that Monsanto has made a significant improvement to one of the fundamental goods society is built around. They deserve a share of the value they created. > I'm sorry you find his story inconvenient to your Monsanto cheerleading It's hardly "inconvenient." Not only was he guilty of A) acknowledging Monsanto's value-addition by isolating the seeds and B) using but not paying for that value-addition, but he then went on a media tour to cash in on the Monsanto hate by lying repeatedly about the case to cast himself in a positive light. And then he used the media attention as a springboard for his political career. He's a scumbag, which is hardly "inconvenient" for people who don't hate Monsanto. > I (and I feel many others) don't think this should have violated any law. How do you propose to allow those who engineered the value-addition to capture a share of the societal benefit they created? > The idea that a patent can exist on a lifeform is utter nonsense They didn't patent the lifeform, they patented value-adding modifications to the life-form. If you spent the time and effort to remove Monsanto's additions, the life-form would no longer be patent-encumbered. The idea that they were patenting a lifeform is utter nonsense. I can't find the citation right now, but last time I looked into this case I found that the court intended to set an explicit precedent that accidentally planting Roundup-ready plants does not constitute "use" of the patented gene ("use" happens when you use Roundup to select for Roundup-resistant plants). The language is not odd when considered in the context of setting such a precedent. > I deny that they made any improvement The farmers buying Monsanto seeds over the competition and the customers buying the resulting cheaper/larger/less buggy produce get to make that decision, not you. They have spoken. > I also heard about countries where farmers wanted to go back to their old crop, since after paying the price for the crops (and the pesticides, that are sometimes additionally needed), the value was negative! Monsanto makes a point of A) not using terminator seeds, B) only going after farmers who are so guilty that they will possibly be a "PR win", and then donating the proceeds of the lawsuits to charity. Are they actually going after anyone in the 3rd world countries that don't ignore patents? I suspect that they would either be able to get away with saving seeds or are big enough that "the local seed dealer only sells Monsanto" isn't much of an excuse. But I could be wrong. Link to the specific stories you mention? Pages '13 can't save PDFs with links. The official workaround? Use Pages '09. Pages '13 can't open templates created with Pages '09. Pages '13 can't copy and paste lists with numbers into plain text. There's a reason why it has 2 stars on the app store. Somebody seriously dropped the ball at Apple. Office never pulled shit like this. As soon as '14 is out for mac, I'm removing iWork. Caring about design is one thing, caring about design more than the existing work of your users is another. After installing an update. Before you install the update it crashes on Mavericks. It sounds to me like you agree entirely with your friend and are nitpicking over the how you define the measurement of knowledge (in particular, the sign convention for incorrect-but-more-predictive theories). Yep, it's embarrassing that this got published. Did the author just forget about mechanical tolerance? The random motion of molecules? Ambient sound waves? Electromagnetic noise? I suppose it's forgivable that the author didn't think of these things but they should have run their technical article past a subject expert before publishing it. This isn't a nitpick, they screwed up the core concept of their article! > there wasn't a similarly in-depth account of the precision of each system That's because digital circuits won the "precision wars" so spectacularly that there was no need for comparison. On a digital computer, you can just keep adding bits to your datatype, doubling your precision with each bit, until you are happy. Bits cost almost nothing today (and very little 30 years ago) so you use as many as you need. If you underestimate how many you need, that's a planning problem, not a limitation of the digital technique. Meanwhile, the price of increasing the precision of an analog computer (mechanical, electrical, or fluidic) shoots up dramatically after a few decimal places and goes to infinity after a few more. That is a limitation of the analog technique. Here's a fun demo of how the digital nature of a circuit grants it complete noise immunity (within tolerances), unlike any analog circuit that could ever be built: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TCnYYpZxEc#t=2806 I think you'd use all the mass in the observable universe long before the GNU Multi-Precision library started sweating :) I suspect that once you had found a way to get the asymptotic cost growth under control you would find you had build a digital mechanical calculator. Yes, in many circumstances it is advisable or necessary to perform calculations in front of the analog front end. Even the simplest "digital" transceiver amplifies and mixes before the AFE. However, I don't believe any of that is relevant to our criticism of the article, which focuses explicitly and extensively on performing calculations with cams, gears, and shafts at an "infinite level of resolution" and why the author thinks this is supposed to be better than digital computation: > There are no least significant digits dropped, and answers are continuous rather than dependent on “for-next” clock-driven computing cycles. Even if the article had talked about improving accuracy by skipping the digitizing step for gyroscopes, wind vanes, etc, his claim would not have been credible. It's not terribly difficult to digitize mechanical motion to the subatomic level (AFM is from the '80s) and many modern data sources (ring-laser gyroscopes, information acquired from remote ships and satellites) could not be coupled to the mechanical computer in a way that could be expected to beat digitization error. A GPS chip likely has something to gain from correlating in front of the analog front end but a firing computer does not. You pay a fixed cost to go in and out of a digital representation, but with analog you keep paying for each calculation and, given that one of these firing computers weighed 3000lbs, I expect that this application saw digitization errors that were tiny next to calculation errors. Thanks for being thorough, but I see your post as a tangental point rather than as a counterargument. > The differences for artists are that they'll have to learn a system with different limitations. If current-generation AAA games are any indication, either very few artists ever learned the raster workarounds or few artists ever had time to implement the workarounds. I think ray-tracing will be a game changer. Raster shadows are easy to get subtly wrong and very difficult to get right. Cube-maps are easy to get subtly wrong and very difficult to get right. Transparency is easy to get subtly wrong and very difficult to get right. The list goes on. > Even in AAA games, there are tons of artifacts in the shadows. Same goes for reflections. Exactly! I can't count the number of times I've seen shadows pointing in the wrong direction, having the wrong color, having the wrong penumbra/antumbra, casting through solid objects, etc. Cube-map reflections are even worse (yay for faucet handles reflecting forrest scenes) especially when they're moving. Expect to see a reflection slide up the body of a car as it comes to a stop? If you're not in a car-racing game, forget about it. All of those problems can be overcome with artist sweat and tears. The code has already been written and is in the big engines, but the effects still regularly fail to happen in AAA titles. Ray-tracing makes it easy to do things right. None of the raster techniques have achieved that landmark. This WILL be a game changer. They'd have to either sacrifice yield or sacrifice FP32 units. Also, if they put FP64 support in their gaming cards they wouldn't be able to charge scientists and engineers extra. They should have showed the car moving. You'd have seen the reflection slide up the hood in the raytraced demo. It takes A LOT of work and planning to get light and shadow correct in a raster setting. Most AAA games don't bother. Raytracing makes it easy to get them right, which will make all the difference in the world. Well, if AMD had taken the need to get their GPGPU offering out the door seriously or if they had later taken the need for CUDA compatibility seriously then Nvidia would have had to compete. Alas, we're talking about a company that doesn't even think it's important for their installer to reliably replace existing drivers. The result: I get to pay through the nose for my predecessor's CUDA lessons. Yay. Yes! The key to convincing yourself of this is to admit to yourself how little productivity you get out of staying up and how much productivity you get out of feeling halfway decent because you've had sleep. If you don't know this to be true, measure it. Make a spreadsheet in google docs. Three columns: date, HopedToGetDoneByStayingUp, GotDoneByStayingUp The results will speak for themselves. The execution of a math idea comes in proving things about it and convincing others that the idea is important. Both tasks take real, hard work. The purpose is hardly "shrouded in mystery." Iran has been very busy perfecting their anti-carrier missiles: http://beforeitsnews.com/alternative/2012/09/the-sunburn-mis... (^ that's quite possibly an overstated opinion piece -- I wouldn't know, I'm not an expert on these things -- but I'm sure there is a kernel of truth there) http://www.militaryaerospace.com/blogs/aerospace-defense-blo... http://thediplomat.com/2013/06/irans-carrier-killer-missile-... I'd bet that the barge was built to test them in a live-fire exercise. Of course, the real question is how well the missile can get past a real carrier's defenses. A barge won't help with that, but the behavior of American carriers after Iran hits the barge might give the answer away. > The "Social Contract" you are talking about is no contract at all. It is imposed by force, you are given no chance to sign, a false choice (red or blue!) and only 1/385millionth of a say in it. For the vast majority of people, contracts provided by the market are an even worse false choice: Maslow's Hierarchy imposes needs on every individual, fixing the supply of labor at a lower bound which is empirically observed to lie far above the demand for it, thereby commoditizing the unskilled worker and coupling his salary to the minimum dictated by his Maslow needs rather than to the value he creates. The difference goes to his employer, and a non-governmental tax is exacted upon each of his purchases that is distributed to local capital-holders according to their wealth, exacerbating the imbalance in an exponential feedback loop. There is no remedy when his employer resorts to wage theft (frequently), because the justice system requires time and capital that he does not have to achieve the simplest forms of redress. There are conditions for dissolution, but he fears them, because written between the lines are an economic certainty that will dash him repeatedly against the rocky shores of unemployment and homelessness. This is a laughable notion of consent. When did he agree to have Maslow's needs imposed upon him? When did he agree to abide by the rules of a game that systematically disadvantages him? When did he agree to initial conditions that give him far less than 1/400millionth of a share in economic power? This is the very opposite of what someone with a choice would have chosen. The only things this hypothetical worker has going for him came from the government: minimum wage laws (and yes, I believe these are a good thing, since wages in commoditized labor markets tend towards the lower end rather than the higher end of the economically feasible range), worker safety standards, subsidized food and health care, education for his children, and so on. None of this is speculation: we can look to history to see what happened when government did not "intrude" on these areas of life. Also, you'd better hope that the accessible methods of accumulating wealth haven't already been commoditized (which amounts to hoping that you are special in a world with plenty of people). Thanks for helping me sleep a bit better at night :) > finding the installations for launching these missiles is not difficult. If said installations want to have a snowball's chance in hell of finding a target to hit they will need to light it up, even if only briefly Really? I'd have guessed that a carrier group puts out enough radio to locate using a walkie-talkie with a retuned crystal, let alone a purpose-built passive array of any sensitivity. Of course, there's the NRO to contend with. Iran probably can't move a porta-potty without the NRO knowing, so it doesn't matter how well they hide their installations if they look suspicious putting them in place. But satellites have to put out signals too, and I know for a fact that certain publicly available astronomy-related datasets aren't censored well enough to stop interested parties from finding a large number of things they aren't allowed to know the locations of. How hard is it to dazzle satellites if you know the location? I don't see calculus as an abstraction of abstractions. The fundamental idea is completely geometric: "break the domain of a problem into a bunch of pieces that can be easily described and related (e.g. by physics) then put the pieces back together." Time is a first-class dimension. Abstractions only enter the picture when you want to separate the problem of picking a mesh from the problem of representing mesh elements. Differential operators perform the task of "breaking into pieces" in a mesh-invariant way. Differential forms are mesh-invariant pieces. Integration is the mesh-invariant description of putting the pieces back together. It's convenient that differential forms can be interpreted physically (by normalizing, associating with geometric elements, etc) but I'd hesitate to associate them with any single physical interpretation (e.g. rates of change) because doing so de-emphasizes the generality of the approach; you can have a rate with respect to distance, area, or volume just as easily as a rate with respect to time. Leibniz notation makes the hop from the geometric approach to the "operator that maps a function to a function" approach seamless, and since the latter description isn't nearly so intuitive, I've always suspected that the geometric approach could profitably be taught first. If it takes "retina" to get rid of "HD," no amount of silliness will keep me off its bandwagon. > You can take a general function and break it into its 'component' polynomial terms, this is called the taylor series. > Fourier transform is essentially similar to the fourier series except you're allowed to have non-integer frequency multiples. Not really. Taylor series are "optimal" in a completely different way from Fourier series. Since the "decomposition strategy" used by Fourier series is completely general (there are polynomial equivalents of the Fourier Series) it's worth drawing the distinction. The Taylor Series gets all of its information from the neighborhood of a single point. Thought experiment: consider the curve e^x. Now set it to 0 everywhere outside of the interval (-e,e) where e is arbitrarily small. Now take the taylor series of the curve at the point x=0. You get back the original curve e^x -- the Taylor Series completely ignores the fact that your curve no longer looks anything like e^x! You can do even worse than that: paste a tiny, almost-linear segment of 1+sin(x) into e^x around the origin. You couldn't tell the difference looking at the curve (they both look like e^x) but the Taylor series would converge to the sin, not to the e^x curve you "transplanted" the patch into. Taylor series are good for answering the question "How does f(x) change if I nudge x a bit?" but they are very bad at answering the question "what polynomial best approximates f(x) over its domain?". If you want to answer the latter question, you should use linear algebra and change of basis / orthogonal filter banks / whatever you want to call it. This is the trick used by the Fourier Series and the Discrete/Fast Fourier Transform. It works for polynomials too: google "Legendre polynomials" or "Hermite polynomials" for more information on polynomial analogs of the Fourier Series (if you haven't had linear algebra, I highly recommend Axler's book, which will teach you how to use generalized inner products to perform this trick). There's a second type of polynomial approximation called "Lagrange interpolation" which approximates a function using polynomials by evaluating it at certain points rather than by integrating it. Lagrange interpolations are only distantly related to Legendre/Hermite/etc polynomials but both strategies answer the question of "what polynomial best approximates f(x) over its domain?" much better than Taylor series. Also, if you ever want to learn how MP3/JPG compression actually works, you'll want the DCT, which is another relative of the FFT. If you know the relevant linear algebra, the distinction is trivial (DCT has implied "mirror" symmetry at the endpoints rather than "wrap" symmetry so you don't get ringing if the color changes from one edge of a block to the other). DCT, FFT, Legendre polynomial approximation, Hermite polynomial approximation, etc all use the same simple trick (cue "one weird trick" ad). If you don't know the relevant linear algebra, it's a bunch of black magic. But the relevant math is accessible enough that I highly recommend looking into it. I've already mentioned Axler's book (Linear Algebra Done Right) -- it's accessible to anyone with a semester or two of calculus under their belt and it'll get you to the point of understanding how all of these transforms are basically just rotation matrices for high-dimensional spaces (one dimension for every point you evaluate the function at) within a few chapters. The key is to understand the distinction between vectors/operators as understood by mathematicians and the blocks of numbers called vectors/matrices by engineers. The latter are like a shadow cast by the former. Learn about the former and you'll see that the DCT, FFT, etc are shadows of the exact same concept as the familiar triplets of real numbers, just cast at a different angle, if that makes sense. Huh, cool. I was familiar with using the division algorithm to prove that Gauss quadrature worked, but I never chased the notion any further. I suppose you're right, the DCT does the exact same thing when it samples a function at a finite number of points. Like Content-addressable memory (CAM)? I've heard routers have used the stuff to do fast table lookups since forever, but I don't know if anyone has tried implementing a data cache with it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content-addressable_memory > Why do you think it would look anything like what we currently consider social networking? Why are people so painfully short-sighted? Why do you think the fact that "next-gen" social networking will look different excuses three massive friction points of VR (buying the VR gear, buying a decent computer, and strapping on an ungainly headset)? It's not short-sighted to see problems, it's short-sighted to ignore them. Unless you have a reason to think you can. Do you? > I have said many times that facebook won the social network wars long before google even released google+. I don't see how that's remotely relevant. > Anything that comes along to kill facebook will look nothing like what we consider social networking today. You're wandering in circles, still not addressing the friction problem. VR has huge friction points and dubious value-add outside gaming. Either argue that the friction isn't as bad as we think or argue that the value-add is larger. "The sensation of 'being there' is so powerful that it will make 'virtual family gatherings' possible in a way that video conferencing and facebook haven't" That's an argument (albeit not one I'm convinced by). See the difference? It's a stretch to assume the employee "went rogue" in the sense of crossing a well-defined boundary. I'd hazard a guess that the no-poach rule was phrased (or at least understood) more as a suggestion, since explaining the reasoning behind the policy would hand HR evidence of the illegal cartel. Perhaps they even gave the HR people a BS reason, like "poaching leads to salary asymmetries and conflict in teams," which the unknowing HR employee proved wrong under the assumption that she could successfully work around the stated issue. When the no-poach suggestion didn't work, they needed to resort to making an example of someone to get the subtext across using the time-honored strategy of creating a "obey me without question" atmosphere to avoid uncomfortable discussions. There are two cases where the "obey me without question or else" atmosphere is particularly useful: 1. In the military, where debates and disagreements could create fatal communication problems and delays 2. When the people in power need to suppress a truth that would otherwise be outed in the normal course of discussion Steve Jobs's reply was almost cartoonish. > And the history of technology has shown that these "friction points" never last. Only the history of technology as understood by someone who puts blinders on to focus on success stories alone. Selection bias. Do you know when the first hydrogen fuel-cell was built? 1851. Before the American Civil War. It took a century to figure out how to get them to output significant power before they found an application on the Apollo missions. It has been another 50 years and nobody has solved the H2 storage problem yet. AI has a bunch of problems that are like this but on a shorter time scale if you want a CS-related example. These aren't isolated incidents; the history of technology sees a constant stream of people hurling themselves against Hard Problems and consistently failing to solve them until someone with the right combination of specialization, drive, timing, and strategy cracks the case. The people that succeed invariably attribute their success to "not letting conventional thinking hold us back," but that's a load of feel-good nonsense, as evidenced by the long string of "forward-thinking" failures that everyone likes to ignore. There may be a steady trickle of breakthroughs coming out the end of the pipeline, but that doesn't mean you can point to a droplet anywhere in the pipe and say "it's about to come out!" This isn't about being intimidated by Jobs, it's about colluding to defeat an iterated prisoner's dilemma that lies at the heart of the value proposition of free market economics. They are capable of thinking more than one move ahead. Jobs's wrath was a tiny concern next to the prospect of losing tens or hundreds of millions a year to engineers that could suddenly start playing big companies off one another. He reports doing plenty that would unreasonably "justify" the response he received. The causal void that you object to (which would shed doubt on his story) simply doesn't exist. They made a (EDIT: seemingly) nonsensical request and used his confusion as an excuse to abuse their discretionary powers. Sounds like a strategy they use to bag naive bystanders. Power tripping / stats-boosting, plain and simple. I see where you're coming from. Perhaps I should have said "seemingly nonsensical" (I'm sure the bystanders think they're being helpful). The point doesn't change in the slightest. Correct response: "You've done good, but it's time to let the EMTs take things from here." Incorrect response: "Move to the other side of the street. [Arrest for hesitation.]" He admits to hesitating to follow an order, talking back, etc. These do not logically, morally, or legally justify his treatment but they certainly explain why it happened. > It'd be great if they didn't get hardened "Hardened" suggests the officers are immune to bullshit. The officers' behavior suggests the exact opposite. Nope, I labeled them correctly. Your expectations of what would happen (which align with my own) have no bearing on what is right or wrong. Police officers have better things to do than "pandering to the ego of a bystander" (is that what they're calling politeness these days)? Then surely they have much better things to do than spending hours engaging in an egregious miscarriage of justice to flatter their own notions of self-importance (i.e. that they deserve unquestioning obedience even in non-urgent situations). Except that they clearly didn't. So what, exactly, are the "more important things" they have to think about? Then how about we call it "oversensitized" or "embrittled" instead of "hardened"? They are far more fitting terms for what you just described. Not only is the "Colonel Jessup hypothesis" total baloney (note how the deputy at the end saw what happened as the mark of a rookie), but accepting it glorifies moral failure and belittles the efforts of officers who have managed to develop a thick hide along with the integrity to judiciously wield the authority they have been given. > Just saying "Move" to the bystander if he wants him out of the way is not impoliteness; it's prudence in a situation that, to the cop, is not yet under control. > [reordered to address two points at once] An accident scene is not a non-urgent situation. There is a conceivable circumstance under which taking a second to explain/pander would be the less prudent road: the bystander is interfering so egregiously with the EMTs that the extra second poses a plausible risk to the patient. Of course, in this situation the correct response is a shove, followed by a placating explanation. Under no circumstance was a single order to "move" followed by an arrest the fastest or most probably successful method of addressing the situation. There's a reason why most cops are polite, professional, and (comparatively) slow to escalate: it's the best way to encourage in-kind behavior. It's pragmatic. > But you weren't talking about [the later arrest, you were talking about saying "Move"] I didn't switch subjects. I used the officers' later jerk-off behavior to refute the excuse you were trying to make (they had more important things to think about). If they had more important things to think about, they wouldn't have gone and picked a fight. That was an oversimplification done for the audience's benefit. If the video were a math class, he would have said "without loss of generality, assume that the market is going up." > I think we've lost touch with the whole scientific method on climate change. Propose a theory. Test the theory. Revise the theory. Repeat and repeat as we gain a more accurate understanding of our world. I think you've never been in touch with the scientific method on climate change because your "how it should work" outline is exactly how I saw it go down in the literature. Theory: Earth is warming ~1K/century, we have a bunch of models to project from here, most of which are bad news. Observation: Temperature dips below predictions on enough models over enough time to be statistically significant. Theory: Some negative feedback mechanism kicked in to reverse our forcing on the climate. We no longer have to worry about the previous trends. Observation: Radiative flux measurements say that the difference in energy going in and going out of the planet is still positive. Whatever the negative feedback mechanism is, the energy is staying on Earth, so thermodynamics says the feedback mechanism must eventually fail. Theory: The heat is being stored in the ocean. It's the biggest heat sink around. Observation: If we adjust the models to use observed ocean currents instead of predicted average currents, we find that that the refined models reflect the observed heat storage. Theory: Parts of the ocean are heating up, as seen in the models. Observation: Yep, we went and measured them, and they're heating up. Corrected to reflect this evidence, the models still point to upward trends. ---------------- > Climate is so complicated. Of we're going to get things wrong. The trick is revising our theories in light of recent discoveries. Good thing that's exactly what happens. The real trick is in convincing people like you that it has happened. Clearly it's not enough to 1. Publish cross-referenced short summaries alongside detailed methodologies (papers) in a system where people compete to prove each other wrong 2. Provide high-level reviews to connect the dots established by #1 (the IPCC reports) 3. Have the thousands of scientists doing #1 sign off on #2 so that you know it's not misrepresenting how their #1 results fit into the big picture ---------------- > many people have a lot of money and clout invested in The One True Theory that they don't want to admit any mistakes at all. If someone can prove an alternative there is far more money and clout in it for them than if they had toed the line. There is a large social penalty for false alarms, but that's because there is a political party, monied industry, and media apparatus poised to turn a false alarm into actual counterproductive action. How can the debate be considered fair if one side is censored? Easy: "false alarm" hypotheses are only ever stated in the context of research results that prove them wrong (i.e. as null hypotheses). They still get proposed, inspected, and analyzed, just not in a way that allows political forces to trivially misrepresent them. Research that could disprove the whole GW/CC theory gets done in the context of investigating puzzling nuances of GW/CC. So far, the overall theory has endured, even though the details have evolved to account for new information. Consider a debugging analogy. Suppose you're convinced that you have a compiler bug, but you know that you'll get laughed at if you say so out loud. The social stigma is never an issue because you can do reductions without getting laughed at. If it really is a compiler bug, you will eventually have a "smoking gun" test case to prove it. If not, no harm done. Your social status hasn't suffered because you can claim you never really believed it was a compiler bug anyway. ---------------- > That is closer to religion than science. How many actual research papers have you read on this subject? Because if you think climate scientists aren't following the scientific process I suspect the answer is 0. Start here: http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2013/09/what-o... (notice how the discussion revolves around primary literature with links at the bottom) ---------------- One choice quote from the link above: > And a reminder: The warming trend of the 15-year period up to 2006 was almost twice as fast as expected (0.3°C per decade, see Fig. 4 here), and (rightly) nobody cared. We published a paper in Science in 2007 where we noted this large trend, and as the first explanation for it we named “intrinsic variability within the climate system”. Which it turned out to be. - See more at: http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2013/09/what-o... It's been 160 years since the first hydrogen fuel cell and the lead-acid battery were invented. XCode used to be able to do this with C and ObjC code, but they dropped the feature when they moved to llvm. The immediate reason was lack of support in LLVM, but I suspect the reason why it wasn't re-implemented was that the demand wasn't enough to justify the significant amount of work that would be needed to get it working a) with LLVM and b) in the locked-down environment of iOS. The speed boost from LLVM, SSDs, the "thin" nature of iOS apps, and the bump in processor performance was, per my intuition, enough that a typical "full" build today can handily beat a typical "Fix-and-Continue" build from a few years ago (I use the term "full" to mean a build that updates one or two compilation units and re-links). It was a nifty feature and I wish they'd bring it back, but I'm pretty sure the XCode team has lower-hanging fruit (static analysis, code navigation, refactoring). > and after reading the police report, the more I understand the police's motives and generally agree with their response Wow. Are you and I reading the same report? I'm able to understand the police's motives, but that's the problem. It was reasonable for them to clear bystanders away from the EMTs, but it was unreasonable for them to resort to physical force so quickly after encountering hesitation that a) posed no threat to the EMTs and b) could have been easily addressed without violence. I don't think police SOP should be "1) make demand, 2) attack civilian that hesitates due to objections with demand." Some situations allow time for rational conversation, this was one of them, and the police rejected that possibility (which had a lower likelihood of resulting in bodies flying into the EMT's workspace) in favor of using force. Sgt. Espinoza used Woosley's passive insistence on getting his phone back, which explicitly did not interfere with the wellbeing of the patient or the actions of the EMTs, as a justification for employing violent compliance techniques. If Sgt E doubted W's ability to get his phone back without interfering (not unreasonable), he should have volunteered to do it on W's behalf rather than violently subduing him for what to me looks like entirely reasonable hesitation (reasonable in the moral sense, not in the maximize-probability-of-avoiding-arrest sense). Partensky's case is more difficult to assess without a video recording. It's conceivable that P's hesitation justified violent escalation (as opposed to a more rational but slower approach with higher P(success)) but I doubt it. > This is more a case of a drunk fool getting himself in trouble by acting like an entitled clown and not complying with the officers' requests to give the first responders space to work. It took two to tangle, and I believe the police were unambiguously in the wrong, whatever you think of W and P. > right now, we really don't have a surplus of labor. If we did, then the average standard of living would be really high That doesn't follow. It's quite possible to simultaneously have 1. Capacity to produce plenty of available food, land, shelter, etc 2. Plenty of people willing to work for the food, land, and shelter 3. Lack of fed and sheltered people due to #2's labor having lower value than #1 There is no reason why the market determined value of labor (VOL) must exceed the market determined cost of living (COL). It happens. This is what people mean when they say that famine is a distribution problem, not a production problem. What they really mean is that it's an economic problem. Markets are entirely compatible with the notion of an underclass that cannot put food on the table, even amid abundance. Refer to the (e)book "Poverty and Famines" by Amartya Sen for examples and analysis. Exporting food while part of the populace starves isn't a stunt reserved for communist countries. Thought experiment: there's a village with 100 peasants and surrounding land capable of producing 100 units of food if tended to by 75 laborers. The landowner hires 75 laborers, providing them each with 1 unit of food in return (supply of labor exceeds demand, so he has all the bargaining power). He sells the remaining 23 units at market in the neighboring town. What do the 25 peasants that weren't needed do? Go to the neighboring town? What if nobody there is hiring either? > That fact that we cannot provide a high enough average standard of living even when the incentive to work is very high, proves that drastically lowering the incentive to work would not provide a sufficient standard of living. A high standard of living requires more than products of labor. Crucially, it requires control over resources. The market provides sufficient indirect control if VOL>COL. We can empirically and theoretically observe that that's not always the case. Err, that's theoretically possible, but I don't think it's nearly as big of an issue. Can you point to an example? Because it seems that there are many more examples of "supply of labor exceeds demand, forcing 70% of the peasants to work for the minimum they can live on rather than the value of their labor, and forcing 30% of the peasants to live on nothing." Was your comment an underhanded jab at minimum wage? In that case I agree that MW is a poor solution, but I disagree that it's a net negative or responsible for the VOL/COL gap. > Is wealth redistribution actually in the best interest of rich people, since it means more people will buy their goods and services? I believe the answer is a resounding "yes." However, that doesn't exclude the possibility of a tragedy of the commons, and we all know how good markets are at preventing those ... > If everyone is unemployed and has no money, who will patronize the services that are owned by the rich? Will it just be rich people passing money around? It's still a problem if a sizable subset of people are unemployed and have no money or ability to get money. It's not terribly difficult to imagine a system with a underclass, a consumer class, and a "owner" class. Even if we automate manufacturing, the consumer class will include mercenaries of the literal or financial variety. In fact, I wonder if that's not precisely what Wall Street is. > A basic income would take wealth away from the few who have more than enough, and thaw out economic activity for everyone else. Poor people would be able to spend, AND work because others are spending. I feel like this is a crucial point that many people completely miss. Even for someone who personally suspects that the market will always find sufficient use for the displaced labor, it seems a little silly to ignore the possibility that it won't simply on account of it not having happened yet. Which school? Harvard claims to be cheaper than state schools for 90% of Americans, although I don't know how typical they are among the ivies. https://college.harvard.edu/financial-aid/how-aid-works/fact... Specifically, > parents making less than $65,000 are expected to contribute $0 > Families with incomes between $65,000 and $150,000 will contribute from 0-10% of their income Campaigns cost money. Politicians get the lion's share of that money from people expecting an ROI. Our political system literally has a mandatory bribe quota. > but in the case of company X the lobbying ROI is a net positive for everyone, so the system can't be all bad Please list the top 10 donors (heck, I'll be generous: any 10 consecutive donors) to any seat-holding political party of your choice, along with your opinion of whether or not the policy they're after is net-beneficial to society (+), zero sum (0), or a net loss to society (-). Alternatively, pick the +/0/- labels according to your unapologetic self-interest, since it's reasonable to vote on that basis rather than trying to work out the whole "net benefit to society" thing. Let's focus on what lobbying IS instead of hoping (for example) that google will displace comcast from the gravy train. Systems that obviate the need for authorities can be just as corrupt* and stupid as the authorities themselves. Systems should be treated with the same level of skepticism as powerful individuals. It's a shame that they usually aren't. * By "corrupt" I mean that a system arbitrarily facilitates the self-interest of a small group of people over others. Symmetric starting conditions aren't enough; instability breaks initial symmetries faster than a kid breaks toys. > Watch how its attempt at lexical scope combines with lazy evaluation for ridiculous fun. qplot(hp, mpg, data=subset(mtcars, mpg vs mtbadcars Why thanks, I do find it ridiculously fun to use short, readable names while maintaining encapsulation so that I can 1) keep multiple versions of a dataset around 2) not prefix every reference to a column in the dataset with the dataset name, cluttering the argument list and requiring 20 replacements or a kludgy temporary variable every time I want to plot a different subset. Oh wait, you were trying to convince me that was a bad thing? > Did you write qplot? (rhetorical question) Not sure what you're getting at. > A lot of these "quirks" of R are nice for end users when they're implemented well, but are unintuitive to program It's not a quirk, it's a core feature. It's used consistently and to great effect. Notice how the "subset" function takes advantage of the same flexibility. I'm about 95% sure neither the subset function nor the other standard library functions that use this "trick" were written by Hadley. The "trick" was expected to make expressions significantly easier to read and easier to write from the very beginning. It might surprise a few people who come from another language and think they've seen it all, but once they figure out what's going on (which should happen on the first tutorial or 2nd or 3rd copypaste) it'll be a pleasant surprise. Unless they kneejerk and hate on it because it's unusual among languages. I got the same feeling learning linear algebra from Axler. He always introduced proofs using complex numbers and only subsequently dealt with the case of real numbers. The real-number proofs invariably devolved into a rat's nest of edge cases that, if one looked closely, accomplished their goals only by inelegantly re-inventing the concept of complex numbers. Admittedly some of the differences in elegance came directly from the fundamental theorem of algebra, but not all of them. Awesome, I was about to go dig up the link but you saved me the trouble. I found some relevant discussion on stackexchange, but I haven't digested it thoroughly enough to have an opinion yet. http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/32422/qm-without-... It is as crazy as it sounds because we were talking about implementing an actual language/library, not about doing the linear-algebra equivalent of restating Turing's thesis. > not the most efficient way to go about it understatement of the century. I third the recommendation on Axler's LADR. I'd actually like to hear about alternatives to Rudin. My undergrad analysis class used it, but it's lack of diagrams was particularly bothersome. I'd spend an hour digesting a rat's nest of a paragraph only to discover that the underlying concept was simple enough that even a rough sketch ought to be able to get the gist of it across in seconds. > I think there would be more money for a site that helps you argue your position Let me toss in some anecdotal evidence in support of your suspicion. The only "debate" site to hold my attention for more than a first visit is one that focuses on curating data to support arguments about certain issues (the curation is manual AFAIK). I initially stumbled across it when debating health care reform: http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... Pay particular attention to to "Projects" sidebar on the left. It's a goldmine of relevant quantitative information and the arguments surrounding their interpretation. I actually don't think it's cynical to expect that this is the right way to approach the "debate market." Discovering data in relevant "digested" forms is a huge friction point. It should be central to the political debate process, it isn't, and anyone who can reduce the friction will be doing a huge service to humanity. So does a half decent pin-tumbler lock. No, I think you understand the commercial just fine. Which do you think is more likely to affect assertiveness: overprotective parents or a lack of leverage in the employment market? I take the fact that you reduced OP's statement > Not everyone has the will, nor the financial wherewithal, to do such a thing. to >Not everyone has the will... to do such a thing. as an indication that you think economics plays a secondary role in this story. I disagree and I'd like to know why you think that's the case. International comparison: http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... Administrative overhead of government vs private insurance: http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... > Well, someone has to pay the salaries of medical trainees. Who would you suggest do it? Our options are: government, students, and hospitals. Government has demonstrated an inability to manage the market. Hospitals don't have a good reason to pay students. Therefore, it has to be the students. > [paraphrasing] But then students will have to borrow even more ! Costs will spin out of control! You're assuming the inflated education costs that are a direct consequence of the government paying for graduate medical education will persist indefinitely when the government stops paying for graduate medical education. Medical schools currently sell an artificially scarce commodity. Prices will decrease if we allow supply to increase. New schools will be built to handle the influx of students if necessary. If college grads find the cost of medical school + graduate medical education unappealing, medical schools will have to look for customers earlier in the pipeline (college + med + grad might be too much, but med + grad won't be). > [anticipating an argument] But it's still an awful deal for current college grads. Easy: pass a bill saying the government will stop paying for GME in 10 years. If GME funding was an actual roadblock and not just an excuse, AAMC will announce lifting the supply controls in 10 years (I personally suspect they would have to be strong-armed into this, but that's another argument). Medical schools will anticipate the ability to increase supply of seats in 10 years and will build out as necessary so that when the deadline hits, the new pipeline will be ready to go. New grads of 2024 wouldn't be screwed because they would have already had a chance to price the new policy into their decisions. For instance, if they wanted to be a doctor they might have worked (perhaps in a medical-related job) for 4 years in anticipation of accelerated direct-to-med-school programs opening 4 years after their high-school graduation. Yes, there would be a market shakeup with winners and losers, but nobody would get the rug yanked out from under them in a way they could not have anticipated and planned for. Realistically, that's the best we can ask for. > [another anticipated argument] But then our doctors won't be as good. Give certificate-granting entities partial liability in malpractice cases. Then they'll be forced to price their actual opinion on the matter into their admissions policies. I'm not qualified to determine where the lard should be cut, but I find it difficult to believe that there isn't a lot of it in the lucrative monopoly we see today. 1. New != cheaper, but that's never what I was arguing. I argued that if the bottleneck (legal or organizational) were removed, enough new capacity would be built to reduce costs (the word "enough" is key). 2. Easy access to loan money increases demand for degrees, yes, but you're forgetting the supply side of this equation. Supply will increase to compensate unless there's a barrier to creating more supply (such as accreditation or actual economic demand for prestige, which only becomes significant when the degree itself doesn't suffice for employment). Why would government funding of medical school not fall victim to a similar fate to GME? What if someone offered the compromise "government pays for tuition, but then government gets to set the salaries." How appealing would that be? 3. I'm familiar with what IS done, but I would be astounded if the "we can't possibly cut expenses" line continued once competition started to kick in. 4. No supply controls? Xodarap's evidence looks awfully damning: http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/4561/does-the-am... 5. Yes, the point is to have students pay for their education, so that the supply of medical education can scale with the demand for it. It's not reasonable to expect the U.S. government to manage the supply of doctors at this time or in the near future. Agreed, this would be much more exciting, but we decidedly do NOT have the data and do NOT have the processing power to do this in general. Nor will we for the forseeable future, even if Moore's law holds and we figure out quantum computers. Still, thanks for asking: it's an important question that deserves a thorough answer. There are four separate "simulation domains" lying between simulations of subatomic particles and simulations of whole cells. In each domain, one might expect to answer a single targeted question through years of painstaking accumulation and application of expert knowledge. (0) Let's start by ignoring the fifth domain (that I didn't count): simulating the behavior of the atomic nucleus. Nature has granted us a reprieve here in that biological activity is independent of what goes on at this scale. (1) The first domain happens when you try to simulate an atom (not a molecule, a single dinky little atom) starting from a point-nucleus and an electron cloud. Time-stepping a Newtonian Mechanics simulation is typically between O(N) and O(N^2) in space and time. Unfortunately, newtonian mechanics and classical E&M can't tell you anything remotely connected to reality about an atom. The wheels come completely off: they predict that electrons radiate away their potential energy and crash into the nucleus, saying nothing about the "orbitals" we observe them stacking into. Quantum Mechanics is necessary, and the full equations are O(M^N) in both time and space, where M is the resolution along each axis of your simulation (every possible "universe" (set of particle locations) has a complex probability associated with it). There are decent approximations, but none of them suffice to answer all the relevant questions at once. Expert knowledge and experimental verification must be used to select the appropriate approximations. (2) The second domain happens when you try to simulate a molecule from atoms. Nature grants us a huge reprieve in that we can safely ignore most atomic behavior: only the valence orbitals have interesting interactions, and nuclei are much heavier than electrons, so we can model the electrons' behavior independently. Still, the full problem is O(M^N) in time and space, and no single approximation works in all cases. A grad student with several years of training in quantum mechanics might spend months finding the appropriate set of assumptions to simplify and simulate a single chemical reaction. (3) The third domain happens when you try to go from the scale of small molecules (dozens of atoms at most) to the scale of biological macromolecules (proteins, with tens of thousands to millions of atoms -- completely impractical even for heavily simplified QM models). Nature grants us a huge reprieve in that Netwonian mechanics becomes relevant at this scale. We can ignore most of the quantum mechanics most of the time and model it using struts, springs, and repulsive forces (at the price of ignoring chemical reactions, which we must separately account for if necessary). The difficulty here is the timescale: individual "wiggles" and collisions happen every femtosecond or so, while meaningful reactions often happen on the scale of milliseconds. If you let the width of a large pencil lead (1mm) stand for the time of a typical "wiggle," a single second of simulated time stretches from the Earth to the Sun. Cutting edge custom-ASIC supercomputers can simulate single small proteins for 1.5 milliseconds: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_(computer) . Last year's Noble Prize in chemistry went to people who spent their lives whittling away at the problem of integrating (2) with (3). (4) The fourth domain happens when you try to go from the scale of a single molecule or macromolecule to the scale of a cell. Nature grants us a huge reprieve in that typical macromolecules usually only have a small number of functions and often only act in a statistical sense (they can be well characterized by their concentration and the concentration of their substrates in different compartments). Unfortunately, this data is very difficult to collect with certainty. How do you know that a given protein interacts with a given substrate in a given way? There are many ways to guess and many ways to measure, but for the most part we have to tackle proteins one-at-a-time. This is what biologists do, and after hundreds of years, billions of dollars per year, and countless underpaid PhDs plunking away at the task of characterizing individual pathways, there is enough of a picture to perform a very rough simulation of the whole thing by specifying a chemical kinetic ODE between various species in various compartments. Note the pattern at each scale: A full simulation within the domain is impossible, but nature grants us a reprieve which lets experts answer specific questions with tremendous expenditure of effort and a quantity of data that grows dramatically in the number of the layer. In a theoretical sense, we do have all the data we need: the only thing stopping us from going from 1-4 is computational power, however the gulf is so large it will almost certainly never be spanned by a single simulation. In a practical sense, where we want to ask high-level questions on the scale of (4) or higher, there is a great deal of data missing, since data plays the role of simplifying the lower layers of the simulation, or of allowing us to skip (4) altogether and ask a question on the scale of (3) or (2). If they "got it" I would expect complaints like the ones you see here (externalizing costs to the neighbors) rather than complaints like > "You let strangers stay in your apartment? Are you nuts?" which ignores the various mechanisms airbnb has in place to deal with these problems (reputation, insurance, etc) along with the fact that quantifying, buying, and selling risk are problems that the modern economy is good at solving in general (i.e. if there's a shortcoming in airbnb's current approach to risk, they have a decent shot at fixing it). Yep. Ctrl+F "compact" > Not found Modern calculus doesn't depend on infinitesimals. The concept of "compactness" is the technical solution that lets you formulate calculus without them -- it's typically only taught to math majors because infinitesimals are less awkward to do algebra with: we can now prove that the shortcut works, so why bother with the long way unless you have good reason? They allude to this fact: > Today, mathematicians have found ways to answer that question so that modern calculus is rigorous and reliable. but they bury this scant acknowledgement behind the linkbaity overstated conclusion it contradicts: > Modern science, modern technology, and everything from your cell phone to this radio station to airplanes and cars and trains — it is all fundamentally dependent on this technique of infinitesimals Besides, many of the big-name ancient Greek philosophers used inconsistent definitions of infinity or assumed properties of infinity to arrive at ridiculous paradoxes and conclusions. They look utterly silly to someone with the slightest bit of modern mathematical training in the notion of infinity, not unlike Newton and his alchemy look to a modern chemist. The Jesuits' misgivings about infinitesimals were entirely understandable in the context of wanting to avoid the same fate (not to mention wasting their time). Completeness gives you limits, the simplest workable definitions of the derivative and integral, and the differentiability of many important classes of functions. It gets you 3/4 of the way there. It also doesn't fundamentally require any particularly sophisticated definitions of infinity, even though in a modern curriculum this is usually when infinity is first properly discussed. Yes, we stick the infinity symbol below many a limit, but re-phrase the limit into epsilon-delta language and the infinity disappears along with the associated philosophical difficulty. The extra 1/4 is where the trouble starts. Proving that, e.g. piecewise continuous functions are integrable, is by far the most philosophically complicated bit of elementary calculus. It's the place where the problem of breaking a uncountably infinite domain into pieces and putting it back together again enters the picture. Compactness is the modern answer. The historical mechanisms for rigorously solving the problem (that I've seen) look more or less equivalent to proving the compactness (or "almost" compactness) of their domain. > This seems to be an unusual claim, especially since the real numbers, the traditional domain of calculus, are not compact. R might be the traditional domain of derivatives, but it's certainly not the traditional domain of integrals. Integrals are an important part of calculus, so I don't see how you can claim that R is the traditional domain of calculus. > I don't know where you got the idea that compactness is in any way relevant to the formulation of calculus. I'm referring to the existence proofs for simple integrals. While you can certainly formulate the proofs without literal compactness, I have yet to see a proof that accomplishes this without invoking a strategy with such a degree of conceptual similarity to those using compactness that I cannot, in good faith, call it a fundamentally different approach. > Compactness is important for some ideas related to calculus, but it's not related to formulating calculus. I'd consider existence proofs for integrals pretty darn important to the formulation of calculus. > The word infinitesimals is also a tricky word to use. To a mathematician, an infinitesimal would probably mean an algebraic object that formalizes the idea of a number smaller than any positive real number. Yes... > [The use of formal infinitesimals] is not what is taught in calculus or analysis classes, and is only relevant for non-standard developments of calculus. Yes, that's why I said it was ridiculous for the author to claim that infinitesimals were fundamental to the development of calculus. > The winner in the modern formulation in calculus is the "epsilon-delta" formulation of limits Prove that continuous functions on [0,1] are Riemann integrable using epsilon-delta limits but without using compactness (or anything that I could reasonably point to and claim "that's compactness, you just called it something different"). > I think that's what you're really thinking of [is Leibniz's notation] Why would you think that? By "infinitesimal" I mean, to use your words, "an algebraic object that formalizes the idea of a number smaller than any positive real number". You assumed that I meant something different, even though you were able to define precisely what the word meant. Why? They aren't. They wouldn't even be controversial at the EFF. The controversy stems from cost/benefit judgements on individual spy programs AND from the fact that Clapper perjured himself in front of congress and the american people. The latter is a far more clearcut issue than the former, and it's what we were talking about before the lawyer came in and changed the subject. They already do that. There just isn't any industry that can singlehandedly soak up all the excess power (subject to constraints of proximity to power plants, distance from cities, etc). There's a chance electric cars will change this. I doubt it. How important would the heavily debated subjects be to a post-apocalyptic society? I'd imagine they would care much more about husbandry, carpentry, metallurgy, and primitive industrial chemistry than whether or not X person was notable enough to deserve a page or precisely how long Colbert managed to keep the page about the extinct elephant altered. Leverage and measurability. Yep. He simply asserts that > Paying attention to the business doesn’t equal warped coverage. which would be nice if it were true, but it begs the question of why we should believe that there is a business model out there that doesn't grossly warp coverage (worse than what we already have). The news-focused business models I've seen in the wild warp coverage fairly heavily in directions I don't entirely approve of and it seems that the new models are just as bad if not worse than the old ones. Why should I believe this will change? > But that is not a valid response: in any decade we know more than in decades before that. Why does the inevitable increase in accumulated knowledge imply that it doesn't make sense to base decisions on the current state of that knowledge? It sounds like you haven't thought this argument through. Repeated, rapid fluctuations in the scientific opinion or lack of broad consensus would be warning signs, but neither of those are present. > So: has anyone crunched the numbers? Yes! That's what scientists do for a living. They publish detailed records of their data-->conclusion inference process, high-level scientific summaries of those individual results (reviews), and higher-level nonscientific summaries of their cause/impact/mitigation conclusions (IPCC reports). Thousands of them sign statements saying that their individual contributions weren't misrepresented in the high level reports, and then individual members of the community go forth and represent that consensus to the media and to politicians. And then people like you notice that their soundbytes don't constitute a formal inference process and use this fact to argue that the scientists don't know what they're talking about. Of course, you're too damn lazy to dig through their painstakingly constructed pyramid of results and see for yourself, so you have to keep your feet firmly planted in "my ignorance is as good as your knowledge" territory to keep up the argument. This should tell you something. > Plants grow better in higher CO2 concentrations. Do you really think this escaped the notice of thousands of specialists with millenia of accumulated experience? Answer: it didn't. Here's the latest report I've seen addressing this issue. There have been plenty of other reports answering permutations of this question, but they weren't published last week in Science, so I'd have to use google scholar to find them. http://www.sciencemag.org/content/344/6183/508.abstract > I'd like to make rather sure that we know what we're doing. "Doing nothing" is doing something -- something that the only people in a position to make credible predictions regarding the effects of what we're doing are awfully worried about. > dropping a nuke to trigger a volcano would lower global temperatures. We know this. You seem far more confident in your ability to predict the climactic effects of a nuke in a volcano than in the scientific community's ability to predict what happens when we dump an insane amount of CO2 into the atmosphere. Why? A child could tell you why the volcano would be a bad idea. I'm quite certain you've not given this nearly as much honest thought as you think you have. Just this week there was an article in Science about plants/soil as a CO2 buffer: http://www.sciencemag.org/content/344/6183/508.abstract Margins large enough to (fit a morbidly obese elephant / not pose a safety hazard to small children / summon Fermat back from the dead)? Yep, it's LaTeX. Yeah, most people who use LaTeX heavily get around to memorizing the \addtolength credo (or an alternative) fairly quickly. But the "holy shit, MARGINS" test has a very low false-positive rate in my experience. If you see !!!MARGINS!!!, it's probably LaTeX. Simulated annealing works very well for this problem (and is both reliable and "debuggable" in that if it doesn't work you have good options for tweaking it until it does). Instead of using a dictionary of complete words you can score text by computing the log-likelihood of the ciphertext's sequence of n-tuples given a proposed key. For n=1 this reduces to "e is most common, t is second most common..." except with the caveat that the simulated annealing algorithm is stochastic and will explore 'almost-perfect' decode tables as opposed to just the 'perfect' decode table (which might not actually be correct). At n=2 or n=3 this strategy will chew up any substitution-cipher'd block you feed it (assuming a reasonably well-behaved plaintext). EDIT: this was stochastically generated by a n=4 model, in case it helps you form a picture of how good they are at determining how "english-like" something is. % GAHLUABLEST ME BUCK NIGH GROUBLE ANY OLD A % WORRIES BEAUTIFFEEL AND AND WHY COME FOR SOON % I SEE IT DOWHEN WE PAY YEAR AT WHAH AND PULL YOU % COMING ALLOW NECTLY SCOW DOWN AFTS DUKE TOWARNT AND % SIXTEEN WA It's good enough to be creepy, at least... 1. Because federalism and states-rights are considered by many Americans to be an important check/balance and 2. because the redundant work created by "upholding that philosophy" is an exploitable opportunity for those in power. #1 = political capital #2 = $$$ What's not to love (if you're a politician)? The insurance companies are whining because the exchanges force them to actually compete. This will put strong negative pressure on their margins. The extra volume won't come close to making up for their losses. Before the exchanges and the standardized tiers of care, plans were very difficult for consumers to quantitatively compare. Most consumers didn't bother, so insurance companies were able to differentiate themselves with advertising and "fluff features" (easy) rather than by cutting costs and increasing efficiency (hard). Not only did consumers pay for the higher margins that came from fluff-differentiation, but they also never benefitted from competition over efficiency. The setup was good for insurance companies and bad for consumers. Now the party is over and the insurance companies are upset that their cash cow has been slaughtered. Good riddance. Why don't you think exchanges are competitive? I put forward a detailed argument about why I think they increase competition. I'd appreciate a response in kind. Also, why do you think "you can barely call it insurance anymore"? It used to be that insurance companies in the individual market were allowed to invent excuses to dump their expensive customers and then they were allowed to raise their prices if the customer wanted back in. Basically, the individual insurance market degraded into "pay the full price of any chronic condition you have." I wouldn't call that insurance, I'd call that pay-as-you-go-with-a-middleman. Now that they actually have to provide the "peace of mind" that they sell, I think the argument is much stronger for calling them insurance companies. So, basically, the opposite of what you said. I disagree. Not about the fact that politicians and the media put words into the mouths of insurance companies for the purposes of political gain, but about you claim that "insurance companies basically wrote the law." I don't think they made off nearly as well as you think they did. Also, we wouldn't expect their CEOs to make much of a stink about this, at least not publicly (perhaps I should have said "hurting" instead of "whining"). We would expect them to be busy telling investors how they plan to best take advantage of the new rules. Because that's what they're paid to do. Any CEO who says they don't know how to do this is begging to be replaced. We'll be able to tell who was right in 3-4 years by comparing their margins (or another metric like administrative overhead) to what we see today in the individual insurance market. I would bet a sizable chunk of money that they will be much closer to the margins we see in the employer-provided insurance market today. And the recission teams were even paid on commission. Top prize to the person who figures out how to dump the lady with cancer, second prize to anyone who can figure out what clauses to add to the new contracts to catch people like her in the future! Also, don't forget the other tricks: shifting billing dates around, losing invoices in the mail, using the customer's income to calculate copays which would bankrupt them before they could afford expensive treatment... the list goes on. EDIT: this is why I said that the insurance companies had to find an excuse to drop people, rather than just drop people. The really obvious stuff tends to be illegal. > So if that's your picture of healthy "competition" in a market... Regulation is not inherently the opposite of competition. Regulatory capture sucks, but so do perverse incentives. The healthcare market has a bad infestation of perverse incentives, and regulation is the only tool we have to go after them. Well, that or universal health care: http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... > I kinda wonder what you must think about the rest of the tech startups that get discussed around here. I kinda wonder what you think about net neutrality. Good or bad? > We have a concept called "rule of law" to address such grievances. No it doesn't, and that's the problem. Vigilante justice is a slippery slope and tends to do more harm than good, but let's not pretend the motivation doesn't exist. Because it does. In spades. How does switching current behave in the limit of power transistors? I know that it's significant in high-performance ASICs but I could certainly imagine the junction capacitance of a power-MOSFET being small enough that kHz or even low MHz switching would cost a miniscule fraction of the power being switched. I mean, I've been able to switch the floating gates of sizable MOSFETs by waving my hand at them, I'd be surprised if the power usage at tens to hundreds of kHz was more than a few mW. Ah, ok. That makes sense. Students will use the "print" function and printf-style debugging frequently in production coding environments. Students will never use the OpenGL immediate API in a production coding environment. One of these is a much better didactic stepping-stone than the other. Did you actually read what he wrote? The views he expressed are much closer to what you so derisively call "leftist conformity" than his titles would seem to indicate. In many/most shells (bash) it inserts the last word of the last line at the position of the cursor. It's very handy when you want to do two or more things to the same file because you don't have to retype the name, just hit alt-.. No. The quantum mechanics that "supports" many-worlds (as in, many-worlds seems to be the simplest explanation for the observed effects) has been in the realm of "scientifically proven fact" for >70 years. D-wave will not add significantly to the pile of evidence that already exists. As for time travel, I can't possibly imagine how you think the two are related. Bell's Theorem was verified 50 years ago. D-wave will not add to the pile of evidence that already exists for quantum non-locality, it will not contribute to exploiting quantum non-locality for the purposes of time travel (if such a thing is even possible -- as we understand it, non-locality can't even be used to transmit information femtoseconds back in time), and it will not contribute to proving or disproving alternative theories for non-locality. You need some mechanism of getting money into everyone's hands, since everyone needs to spend money on food/housing/etc. The market has demonstrated it isn't up to the task. Either 1) we let poor people starve, 2) we give them money, or 3) we make work for them. I like #2 (basic income). The people I meet outside of the tech bubble tend to like #1 or #3. Which camp are you in? Number of occurrences: "power density": 0 "energy density": 1 It gets worse: Black People! New and used Black People! Check out the deals now! I'm fairly certain there is a filter of some kind because the first time I saw this circling the internet I wasn't able to replicate the "screenshot" of the ad. Still, it didn't take long to find a substitute phrase that was substantively identical but successfully triggered the dynamic keyword insertion ad. > The answer is to invest more in education Suppose that you could snap your fingers and give every person in the United States a college education. Not just a degree, but the knowledge that comes with a degree (a high-quality degree for the sake of argument). What do you think would happen? 1. Employers would use the increased leverage to play members of the new labor force off one another until none of them were earning more than minimum wage, if that. By "employers" I mean to include venture capitalists because supply and demand still applies in VCistan -- a flood of entrepreneurs fleeing a crummy labor market means that VCs have all the leverage and can impose similarly crummy terms. 2. Enough new positions would appear (either through companies growing their staff or through investment in new companies) that everyone could earn a decent salary. I'm 90% sure the answer is #1 and that your "solution" would have the effect of "bringing everyone down to nothing." The supply of labor is fixed (everyone needs to eat) but the demand for it is not (and lower every day in aggregate). It's that simple. The game is rigged. In low-growth sectors of the economy, capital concentrates no matter how educated the players are (see: non-CS, non-petrol engineers). Just because we can run fast enough to win a slice in our sector (which is high-growth right now but won't be forever) doesn't mean that teaching others how to run fast is a strategy that leads to asymptotic success in the limit of teaching everyone how to run. You don't have to implement a communist system to shut down the mechanism that rigs the game. BI/MI will suffice. So would some kind of total-employment system. But I see no reason to believe that the supply/demand gap for "average" labor would close for any realistic definition of "average" in a "free" market (I put scare quotes around "free" because Maslow's hierarchy ensures that no BI/MI-less market system is ever "free"). If it somehow did happen it would certainly go against the historical trend. Do you have a narrative to explain why the post-educational-revolution employment landscape would be fundamentally different from today or is it all wishful thinking? Yes, but would the growth in new businesses suffice to absorb the deluge of educated labor? I strongly suspect that it would not, which would make the proposition a big win for those looking to purchase labor and a huge loss for those looking to sell labor. Small companies may be capital constrained, but the constraints come from friction more than from limitations on capital supply. If DD on the proposal for Joe's Diner is going to cost more than the pre-DD profit expectation, it doesn't matter how much capital is in the pool, Joe won't be getting funded. There's a nifty way around this: if Joe self-funds, he need not worry about his own principal agent problem. What kind of economies encourage self-funding? Those that provide employment opportunities sufficient for the purposes of saving and serving as a safety-net. NOT economies that systematically de-leverage the bulk of the working population. The "Why?" question might not be so crazy if the kids had just learned about base 10 addition and if the book defined "even" as "numbers ending in {0,2,4,6,8}". Intuitively, the kids would need to figure out that the digits in the tens, hundreds, etc places don't matter (this is implied by information-flow through the "addition algorithm"). Then it's a simple matter of proving the 5 cases given. If that's actually what they intended, I'm impressed with the material. It plausibly teaches proof-by-cases ( real math !) at a very young age, but more importantly it teaches the mathematical skill of using what you know to prove what you want to know. I felt mildly clever after cracking the puzzle, I can only imagine what a grade-schooler would feel. More mathematical self-confidence than they would get from solving a sheet of 100 addition problems, that's for sure! Even if the lesson doesn't "stick" and teach the kids how to use proof-by-cases in general, it looks like a win in my book. Given that this was published in PNAS and edited by someone from Princeton, it's safe to assume (unfortunately it's paywalled so I can only assume) that the authors know how to perform a significance test. Exactly. What's at play is a combination of publication bias and (possibly) a slightly-too-narrow null hypothesis. This kind of silliness can squeeze through without any need for the null hypothesis to be entirely absent, which is the aspect of fixermark's post that I object to. I'd bet good money at 5:1 odds that the null hypothesis the paper used was more sophisticated than his uniform distribution let alone the delta distribution he accuses them of using. > We use more than six decades of death rates from US hurricanes to show that feminine-named hurricanes cause significantly more deaths What am I missing? Don't they keep a big repository of saints that each require at least two miracles to be considered saints? EDIT: yes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canonization > To be canonized a saint, at least two miracles must have been performed through the saint's intercession after his or her death Checks are the smallest cost of bignums. Dynamic allocation isn't free, it's terribly expensive. Dereferencing pointers isn't free, it's terribly expensive. It's one thing for a scripting language (where people expect poor, inconsistent performance) to have automatic bignums but it's quite another for a language in which people will be writing performant code to have automatic bignums. They introduce a thousand difficult-to-debug edge cases that slow your code to 1/3 or 1/5 (or 1/100th or 1/1000th) speed. I don't know about you, but I don't consider that "Just Working." Don't get me wrong, they could be a useful feature, perhaps even one which should be enabled by default in Swift (I'd argue against them, but I wouldn't be entirely unsympathetic to their proponents). However, they aren't for everyone and they don't come cheap. First of all, I'm all for overflow traps and I'm quite happy with bignums in my scripting languages. I only claim: 1. There is a large class of languages where they do not make sense as a default. 2. The most sensible approach is to fastlane the all-int native case, but this comes at the cost of a preciptitous drop in speed the moment even a single bignum happens. > Isn't the alternative introducing a thousand difficult-to-debug edge cases that cause your code to produce incorrect output, or crash? Unintentional bignums are usually bugs, so incorrect output / crash is usually the best one could hope for anyway. People understand that programs have bugs and crash, but the combination of slowness with incorrect output is a special recipe for infuriated users (I waited 30 minutes for the file to load and then it crashed?!?!). Netflix isn't "doing" anything to Comcast. Comcast's customers are demanding (and paying for) the asymmetrical traffic. If they have to redo the connection, so be it -- they promised their customers connectivity, and if that means installing new hardware to achieve connectivity so be it. I'd just like to point out that Adam Smith himself (the "Carl Marx of Capitalism") agrees with you for fire, police, and roads at the very least (I haven't read everything he wrote). If he were born today rather than in 1723 I suspect his list would look very much like yours. I thought that was Marc Andreessen? I'd have to hear the conditions of the license before I actually accused him of actually being a troll (p=30% in my book). I suspect the license actually was $1, 10% of revenue on a program understood to be freeware, 1 license to run the program should it become payed, 1 free beer should they meet, etc (fine in my book -- it's a defensive patent). But it could have been something that I would consider abusive. I just don't know. I hesitantly accept the story as presented by these two business partners. But do I think it's "Un-fucking-believable" that someone would come to the opposite conclusion? Absolutely not. I do think it's puzzling that he doesn't realize that the ONLY thing we have to go on is his word and the word of somebody heavily incentivized to not badmouth him, and that this puts everyone else in a position of extreme uncertainty. That attitude smacks of "it's not trolling when I do it" and does slightly reduce the credibility of the claim. But only slightly -- I stand by my p=70% estimate that they're genuine and I can understand the frustration of having people assume the opposite. It's like Bruce Schneier said: Espionage vs Surveillance. One isn't bothersome at all to me (there's a reason why the NSA exists) but one of them is. Yes, the media breathlessly and indiscriminately complain about both, but the needs of the 24-hour news treadmill are not an excuse to ignore the NSA's growing role in surveillance and pretend that it isn't an issue. There's a reason why we don't replace the police forces across the USA with undeployed units from the US Army, even though it would dramatically cut costs and probably wouldn't have any immediate terrible effects. Similarly, there's a reason why you should care that the NSA is expanding their jurisdiction. In fact, their loud protests that (contrary to released evidence) they are doing nothing of the sort should be evidence enough that it's a troubling direction for them to be moving in. > the heightened focus on privacy tech and policy, it's boring That's your complaint? You know what else is boring? Health care policy, campaign finance reform, gerrymeandering, lobbying, and every other major administrative pathology of our society. You are correct that these things are boring but they are also the most important things to care about and to try to get other people to care about. > The NSA did bring it on itself though by allowing this stuff to leak out, which is the only difference between it and other nations' intelligence bodies. That, ~~~SCALE~~~, the extent to which they exert overt and underhanded influence over our political system, the extent to which they impose a chilling effect by expanding into US law enforcement, and the extent to which they can use secret courts and gag orders to order you to do god knows what. > Snark aside Is it really snark? Cops pull the "missing evidence" stunt all the time and get away with it, why should we expect different from the NSA (now that they're playing at being a law enforcement agency)? > Is this really just a technical problem I wouldn't go so far as to say this happened by design, but at the end of the day does it really matter? Opportunistic evil is still evil, and this opportunity dangles the temptation of opportunistic evil in front of a group of people that don't exactly have a sterling track record of self-restraint in such matters. EDIT (re:downvoters): I realize that the court order has more to do with the ongoing court case than ongoing retention policy. That doesn't make ongoing retention policy irrelevant. Yeah, but popularity on StackOverflow is related to "does it work for me," a metric that ultimately depends on evaluation by an impartial machine (or a human using their knowledge of the impartial machine to perform the same evaluation). You can't get popular on SO by answering with random snippets from TAOCP. Or maybe you can and I'm missing a business opportunity. A TAOCP+OraclePropaganda bot sounds like something that might make bags and bags of money. > But in our world, dealing this way might get nasty with some people. "Pay me $$$ or I am leaving for XYZ tomorrow". I wouldn't call that greed, I'd call that "the employee demanding their true market value." Employers get the right to fire people and replace them with cheap labor overseas (for example), it's only fair that laborers retain the right to leverage competing employers off of one another. > finding a technologist (or whatever) for such a company is a bit harder than finding a jQuery or Rails guy Then the market demands that they be payed accordingly. > [Anticipated words I'm putting into your mouth:] "You seem awfully focused on the market for someone arguing in favor of regulation." I like markets, but they have many well-known pathologies, and I see nothing wrong with addressing those with regulation. In this case, the issue is that the market can remain irrational longer than someone at the bottom can remain solvent. Sure, in some sense you could say that people who don't read their contracts and demand better terms deserve to be punished. But the market doesn't just punish them, it punishes the people who try to negotiate for better terms. Who would hire a smart worker when a dumb worker can be tricked into doing the same job for less? This is why we ban contracts involving slavery and indentured servitude. If they were allowed, 1/4 of the population would unwittingly walk into the trap-contracts. Even if they were perfectly rational, the next 1/4 would be forced to sign similar contracts by the fact that they had to compete with the irrational 1/4 on price (otherwise they starve). Regulations against this kind of thing don't just protect people from themselves (which is arguably something government shouldn't do), they protect rational workers from irrational workers. The market needs them to function (for any reasonable definition of "function"), and that makes them a good thing. Seeing as ISPs also receive money from the government and Netflix pays taxes, you could make the same pointless observation about Netflix and Verizon. But you shouldn't. This discussion is about a direct company-to-company attempted shakedown, not inefficient procurement. > tenure is supposed to protect the freedom to research unpopular topics, not the freedom to be unproductive, however, I think [tenure] does confer [low productivity] as a side benefit at least as you say "in the shortest term". Perverse incentives are intense in the research community and they're getting worse as the supply/demand imbalance in the academic labor market continues to grow. My experience is that non-tenured professors tend to dramatically overproduce flashy media-bait ("scientific debt," if you will). Tenure is the only mechanism we have to balance that out, which means it's becoming more and more important every day. > It never made sense in the public schools, of course, and has always just been a way to transfer money from taxpayers' wallets to the Democrat party's coffers via a helpfully corrupt public sector union. I find teachers far less objectionable as money-funnling mechanisms than the defense and dirty-energy industries. Wait, Bamberg wrote a book on differential forms and didn't tell me when I asked him for self-study references (he recommended Hubbard&Hubbard IIRC)? Crazy. (Context: I took a Hilbert Space class from him and only then realized what I had missed by skipping his vector calculus class for the standard intro to analysis.) Maybe he made the generous assumption that I'd already thoroughly reviewed the available books and had found his wanting? Oh well. Either way, I'll have to check it out. I never did get far in Flanders (which left too much implicit, making it difficult to read) and H&H didn't seem to emphasize the E&M applications I was looking for (admittedly I only skimmed it). It appears that said applications are the focus of Bamberg's book, so it would likely be a better fit. Yes, I think that's the subtext. > They have control over the entire process end to end How is that supposed to protect you from a completely intentional shady business tactic? Because that's what this is. "We looked the other way and our supplier screwed us over" is a flimsy excuse at the best of times (quality control and penalties should be built into the contract in the first place), but in the Kingston/PNY example it isn't even that. Would you rather give your money to Amazon or to Comcast? There's a Mathematica worksheet which demonstrates that stock market returns (DJIA) are highly sensitive to start date / policy effect delay assumptions: http://www.demonstrations.wolfram.com/StockMarketReturnsByPa... It's not proof that you would observe a similar effect in this data, but it's enough for me to put no stock in any speculation of this sort that doesn't come with a sensitivity analysis :) Temperature-pressure phase diagrams (example linked below) http://images.flatworldknowledge.com/averillfwk/averillfwk-f... have a line that separates gas from liquid, but this line has a finite length. One endpoint is on the triple point (solid, liquid, gas coexist at one P,T) and the other is on the critical point. That's where the distinction between gas and liquid vanishes -- the viscosity, index of refraction, etc of one phase approach those of the other until differences vanish altogether at the critical point. It's a little arbitrary to say that steam at a given temperature or pressure is supercritical (there IS a rigorous definition, T>T_criticalpoint&&P>P_criticalpoint, I'm just saying that it's a bit arbitrary), but the gist of it is that you're in the part of the phase diagram where movement in the phase plane is going to avoid the gas/liquid transition. Nothing physical happens in a liquid->supercritical or supercritical->gas transition and there are no phase transitions in the supercritical region. This is exploited for the production of aerogel. Normally you can't dry out a gel and have it retain its shape because the liquid/gas interface during evaporation/boiling has enough surface tension to tear apart the microstructure of the gel. But if you scoot around the liquid/gas transition in phase space (e.g. by heating past T_criticalpoint, lowering pressure below T_criticalpoint, cooling below T_criticalpoint, and finally releasing any lingering pressure, or in other words liquid->supercritical->gas) then you can get rid of the liquid without ever boiling/evaporating it -> no nasty surface tension to tear apart the microstructure! Here is a video of CO2 being heated past the critical point. Since there is a gas-liquid equilibrium, the system will move more or less exactly along the curve separating gas from liquid until it "slips off the end" into the supercritical region: https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLAv56CgHL4P8vk6FDm9s1Zw&... EDIT: || -> && in the formal definition EDIT2: linked a phase diagram for those who don't stare at them all day :) I'm guessing you were responding to an earlier version of my post where I kept mentioning that the liquid->supercritical and gas->supercritical boundary was poorly defined (in agreement with you) but then, in apparent contradiction to what I had just written, linked to a video of what happened at the transition, which I reconciled with my earlier claim of arbitrariness by emphasizing that the transition is well defined and physical you have a 2-phase system in equilibrium that you slide along the phase boundary until it "slips off." That's still true. You can see the evidence in the video :) But at every other point along the liquid->supercritical and gas->supercritical phase boundaries you are correct, the boundary is an arbitrary definition and not physical. If you release pressure slowly you never see boiling/evaporation either, but at the end of the process you have steam. I'm sure it depends on the famine, but this very issue (is famine primarily due to local inequality or local scarcity) is currently the subject of a spat between two prominent academics, Amartya Sen and Thomas Picketty, which has produced an abundance of material on the subject. FWIW Picketty seems to be much better at managing the internet battlefront, so it might be better to start with Sen's book "Poverty and Famines: An Essay on Entitlement and Deprivation" ($10 on kindle) and then judge what you see on the internet after having read Sen's argument. Sen was originally motivated to study economics when, as a boy, he lived through one of India's famines while working at a grain/rice/? silo. He wanted to reconcile the fact that there was a large amount of excess grain left at the time the next crop was being harvested with the fact that he had seen starved corpses along the streets (and had heard that the famine was much worse elsewhere through the newspaper). He eventually came to the conclusion that the famine he had lived through, along with many others, was primarily economic (due to inequality combined with a few other triggers) rather than due to local food supply actually falling below what was needed to feed the population. I don't know as much about Picketty (I had Sen as a lecturer -- didn't care much for him in that capacity, but his writing was top quality). I do know that I haven't been impressed or convinced by Picketty's arguments, which read as if they were written by someone who had never read Sen's book (he keeps raising objections that Sen thoroughly addressed >30 years ago). It sounds like you're referring to a particular article I must have missed. Any chance you have a link? I've read enough vitriolic back-and-forth between these two that I'd greatly enjoy hearing them discuss what they actually agree about :) Have you ever seen a headline you enjoyed? The whole problem is that if cost/benefit is evaluated with an artificially reduced benefit horizon (e.g. the period an administrator will spend in a position able to take credit for the improvement) then benefit will be systematically underestimated and outdated system will be irrationally favored. The 13-year policy recognizes this and serves as a stop-loss against the worst of these irrational judgements. And expensive hardware. Last time I ran the back-of-the-envelope numbers (admittedly 2-3 years ago) they weren't competitive with GPUs on price/flops and price/iops. Three caveats: 1. I used DigiKey prices from the largest bulk tier. Presumably if you're actually ordering that much you can get them right from the supplier for cheaper. 2. Latency! You can make it almost arbitrarily low on FPGAs. 3. Direct interface with the hardware. I'd love to see a real cost/benefit analysis by someone with skin in the game because mine was pretty simplistic. No, we're going to pile on them for implying that they did something other than what they actually did and hoping it would slip under the radar. I took a look at CMU's financials and it definitely looks like the money is going towards salaries. They don't offer a breakdown between the different kinds of salaries, naturally. Does anyone know of a representative dataset (by "representative" I mean "not the UC system, not an ivy with >$10b endowment, etc") that would include this information? https://www.cmu.edu/finance/reporting-and-incoming-funds/fin... Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. FPGAs simply weren't competitive for applications that were limited by sheer floating-point/integer throughput. It's not that they weren't good for a single very narrow application, they weren't good for a very broad swath of compute-intensive applications. That explains the low adoption rates. > On the other hand they get paid based on how much value they add. Nope. That only happens if they're scarce. If they aren't scarce (or are otherwise deleveraged) they get paid minimum wage regardless of the value they create. > Someone whose skill is French Language is surely is not much worth compared to someone who knows how to make pancakes. You seem to be awfully certain of that. Unless you meant to assume what you set out to prove (French lecturer is poorly paid => there isn't demand => poor pay is justified) I don't understand your argument. Clearly there is demand: sum up the price paid for the French credit by all the students in the class. There's just a middle man that skims a tremendous amount from the tuition paid for those credit hours before the money reaches the teacher / support staff. To whoever downvoted this: I challenge you to explain why he's wrong. Marx's solutions were crap but his criticism of capitalism was spot on. That's hardly surprising: in the social sciences it's usually easier to find problems than to fix them. Most people are already aware that being wealthy is a good way to make capitalism work in your favor and that saving money is a good way to become wealthy over time. It's not a coincidence that most people aren't in a position to save enough to live off their capital. > Also, without the resources of DuPont she never would have been able to create this material. Irrelevant. The need for capital doesn't inherently justify capital receiving ~100% of the proceeds. Her work was also a necessary part of creating the product. > She collected a salary, and I would hope that she indirectly financially benefited from potential promotions or raises. I don't think you understand how bad chemists have it. The guy who invented lipitor ($120 billion in revenue) was unceremoniously laid off from Pfizer for his trouble. He didn't get a penny on top of his salary -- a salary that half of the readers of this post probably wouldn't accept for a software development position. > just because she didn't become fabulously wealthy doesn't mean she was treated poorly No, but the labor force of industrial chemists is generally a heavily deleveraged group. There's an oversupply of them and they absolutely require intensive capital resources for success. That means they get systematically shafted at the bargaining table. They are treated poorly regardless of whether or not this individual incident is sufficient to prove it. Due to the fact that software development has tiny capital requirements and that there are many industrial positions available for software engineers, we are able to negotiate much more reasonable terms of employment (i.e. capture a comparatively respectable fraction of the value we create). We have it good. Unusually good. It's important to remember that this is not because markets operate that way in general. It's a happy accident that has turned out well for us so far. Nothing more, nothing less. The very least we can do is refrain from victim-blaming in industries where labor is not blessed with the same happy accident. You missed my point: as capital makes labor ever more redundant, it will be more and more difficult for labor to secure enough capital to live off of. The present value in dollars of said quantity of capital will decrease over time, of course. But I see no reason to believe that the value in terms of man-hours (or anything else that labor actually possesses) will decrease, and every reason to believe that it will increase. Why? Because we've heard this one before: http://www.theguardian.com/business/2008/sep/01/economics and history has proven it wrong. The increase in productivity happened, but whoops! All the increases went to capital, diluting the pool so that it was just as hard as ever for the working class to jump to the capital class, despite the increased productivity! Funny how that works. Now Marc Andreessen is trotting out the old canard again. Fool me once... > it's a hedge that has positive expected value even if this scenario does not pan out, so I really don't see the problem here. I save. You save. Most people that can save do save, because everyone already knows what you're saying. Every gradeschool and every highschool in the US repeatedly burns the lesson of compound interest into the minds of our kids. They even use an interest rate that doesn't take into account inflation or reserve policy so as to exaggerate the effects of saving, if anything. Some people lack the self-control to save, but they're in the minority. The majority don't save not because they don't know that it's a good thing but because they can't. They're barely scraping by. If the car breaks, there go their savings. If the toilet breaks, there go their savings. Labor these days simply doesn't have the leverage required to carve out a livable chunk of the capital pie, and your suggestion that they have the leverage but not the self-control or knowledge of how compound interest works is patronizing in the extreme. > Or the reasoning applied to research in astrophysics, where at the end of a chain of tortuous logic there always should be something like "this could help us understand whether we are alone in the Universe" I went to the NSF grant database and searched for "astrophysics": http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/simpleSearchResult?queryText=... > Result 1. Deliverable: a terabyte-scale real-time data exchange and correlation platform. Ultimate purpose: expediate collection & analysis process for data sourced from multiple observatories. > Result 2. Deliverable: "the coordinated observation of nearby supernovae with optical and near-infrared spectrographs on 4m and 8m class telescope..." Ultimate Purpose: The study of thermonuclear supernovae ... [which] have played a central role in the discovery of the acceleration of the expansion of the universe and have a key role in attempts to constrain the nature of dark energy. > Result 3. Deliverable: "an underground accelerator laboratory" Ultimate Purpose: " address three long-standing fundamental problems in nuclear astrophysics: solar neutrino sources and the core metallicity of the sun; carbon-based nucleosynthesis; and neutron sources for the production of trans-iron elements in stars." > ... that's all I care to summarize Where is the tortuous logic and bullshit justification you keep going on about? It looks to me like the grants are going towards funding legitimate scientific inquiries into legitimate scientific questions. http://www.blitzortung.org/Webpages/index.php?lang=en&page=5... Electromagnetic (link is the "participants" tab on the top). You can tell because there's a smattering of telltale RF terms in the "comments" fields (coax, ferrites, E-field antenna, etc). I imagine that lightning strikes emit a fairly broad spectrum (localization in time -> delocalization in frequency) so the detectors might not all use the same band. You have a point, but it's worth mentioning that the fundamental observation behind the complaint is still sound: incentives are rigged to guide smart people towards pursuits of dubious utility compared to what they would otherwise choose to work on. Let's look at a rough picture of incentives for a new graduate: 1. Helping the poor: $0 (maybe $12k if you count a fellowship) 2. Trying to Cure Cancer: $25k/yr, bump to $40k after 6 years 3. Engineering Medical Devices, Airplanes, etc: $60k/yr 4. Trying to Build the Next Twitter: $100k/yr-$150k/yr 5. Helping Rich People Game the System to Get Richer: $150k/yr, $300k/yr after a few years if successful I have placed these in decreasing order of social value per my own judgement. Note that salary has precisely the opposite trend. The probability of that particular relative order occurring by chance is 1 in 120. I could add other jobs to the list to drop the probability even further. In some cases the market is conveying valuable information. If we have enough !Software Engineers, it makes sense to depress their wages as a way of discouraging people from entering those fields. Similarly, it makes sense to encourage smart people to pursue roles with a lot of leverage (in the value creation sense, not the bargaining sense), which is a plausible excuse for sending smart people into finance (not one that I buy, but it's plausible). But in other cases we can identify the information that the market is conveying and pass judgement with the opposite conclusion. By design, the market rewards those who feed and clothe wealthy people and punishes those who feed and clothe the poor and penniless. In this instance the market's reasoning is transparent enough to judge and few would rule in its favor ("necessary evil" is the best I've heard, and then only in the context of the circular "it's the best system we've tried" argument). Another negative example would be medical research. Next time someone you care about is sick or dying and has run out of options, reconsider the wisdom of our system in spending ~3% of all medical expenditures on research. Also remember that much of that is governmental -- if the market had its way, that figure would be even lower. The market's reasoning is transparent: a doctor, insurance company, or drug company can threaten to withhold the service or good they provide in order to capture a fraction of the value they create. A researcher can't do that, at least not effectively (their product only appreciates in value once they no longer control it). So they are systematically undervalued and the options that your loved one has are artificially reduced as a result of this. Market-based incentives have huge problems. The million dollar question (many trillion dollar question) is how to fix them. > lack of a safety net? That's one argument. Here's another: Cost: http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... vs Quality: http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/press-releases/... http://www.businessinsider.com/best-healthcare-systems-in-th... EDIT: not sure if downvotes are because people think I'm saying that cost is less important than the lack of a safety net or because people are butthurt over figures demonstrating that universal health care is also cheaper. Please clarify. Which is fine if you think the regulations are outdated. The fact that drivers have tracked feedback, pre-negotiated prices, and a dispatch system that isn't overwhelmed by surges effectively negates the market failures that the regulations were originally designed to fix. I suspect that the regulations were a net value-add for most of their existence, but now that the smartphone age has enabled a market solution it's time to reevaluate the necessity of the regulations. > You can always buy a rootable android phone, or a Firefox phone. The relevant party is not "you," it's the typical consumer. They can't just buy a rootable phone and root it because they don't know what it would gain them. The opportunity to exploit this (very understandable and reasonable) gap in their knowledge falls, as it always seems to, with the people who own the means of production. > This is like complaining that your newspaper already has ink on it stating someone else's opinion. No, it's like saying that the fact that Rupert Murdoch has veto power over all stories with a national audience might have a negative impact on political discourse. > If you want it to be blank, buy a pad from an art store. Have you not heard of the concept "barrier to entry" or are you being disingenuous? Just because we aren't near a given unprecedented extreme doesn't mean that we can't talk about the effects of movement in that direction. I'd argue that it's more important to ensure competition between schools in the medical education pipeline. Competition downstream won't reduce prices unless we get X's boot off the hose feeding into the supply of medical professionals (where X is the AMA, congress, or whoever you believe comes out dirtiest in the "it's not my fault" game). We have 2/3 as many doctors per capita as other comparable countries. No amount of post-education market equilibration will suffice fix the fact that our doctors are (comparatively) overworked and overpriced. The market is slowly routing around the problem right as we speak by promoting nurses and offering new certification pathways, but it's happening slowly. If the local politics I've observed are any indication, the doctors are fighting tooth and nail while loudly claiming that they aren't. There are policy decisions that could dramatically accelerate the process. That's exactly what I meant to say -- I don't understand what you think is disingenuous about my post. Should I expect everyone to be handed an audience on a silver platter? No, that's silly. What I do wish for is that competition is siloed so that leverage in one industry can't be used to arbitrarily dominate another. An actual implementation of such anti-trust policy might be a ban on discriminating against alternative app-stores. This is a very pro-market, pro-competition stance. It's not, as you seem to believe, some form of audience-communism (how would that even work)? Microfluidics. It's been a thing since the late 80s. http://www.rsc.org/ej/LC/2009/b911553f/b911553f-f1.gif Here's an early paper to use as a root for citation-chasing: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/09254005908... Here's a conference that has been going strong for 7 years: http://www.microtas2013.org/general.html The technology has already been developed and proven in an academic setting. It's mature enough that you can find cheap textbooks for it. Microfluidic assays (which can be combined, like circuits, on a silicon chip) for every conceivable metric of interest have been developed, debugged, and sold to incumbent diagnostics companies. It was only a matter of time before someone integrated them, but the "usual suspects" were tripped up by market kinetics: No academic group has been sufficiently capitalized to pursue an "Integrate All The Assays" (IATA) project. A lab typically pursues 2 or 3 assays at a time, which they will often integrate into a "µTAS" which is academic slang for IATA but should get its own term because typical µTASs measure 2 or 3 things which is far below the potential of the technology (what I'm terming "IATA"). Industrial groups that were in a position to go IATA already had hard-won silos in the payola+bundling ridden rat's nest of the medical supply industry. They wanted to keep those (payola+bundling = low competition and high margins) and they didn't want to fight the war-on-many-fronts that would arise if they tried to invade everyone else's silos at once. The big risk is that their competitors in every silo could undercut/outmaneuver them in individual silos faster than they could weave a political network to unify purchasing across silos. Well, now someone has figured out how to do just that. Strategy: lots of money, lots of connections, and a killer entry strategy. It's all in the execution, as always. Two interesting questions to keep in mind as this plays out: 1. Now that someone has gone IATA, will the medical device supply industry become truly competitive again? I think there's a nonzero chance of that happening. That would be a dream come true for consumers and medtech startups alike. 2. How much of the proceeds will filter back to the people who actually developed the technology? Obviously the answer will be "a teeny tiny fraction," but the amount in absolute terms will be an important indicator (to me, personally, and I suspect others) as to how well the patent system works in this sector. Will it be like the software sector (patents discourage implementation AND don't encourage innovation) or will it be like the drug sector (patents function more or less as they were intended albeit with the caveat that a lion's share of the proceeds flows, as it always does, to capital)? > Take a step back and look at the big picture and it's obvious. If you think that it's obvious, you clearly don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about. > it makes no sense to watch the State create 20000 pages of regulations, and then yell "de-regulation" when they remove 7 of those pages. It makes no sense to use number of pages as a proxy for regulation (either for or against). You measure regulation by watching the big players exploit loopholes. The market allows all sorts of well-known varieties of cheating by default. Are the well-known traditional types of cheating still being used effectively? http://chartingfinancials.wordpress.com/2012/04/27/us-bank-m... Yep. Therefore they lack appropriate regulations. That's what we mean when we say "deregulation." We don't mean "the number of pages on the law books is decreasing, clearly we must increase it because more pages are better." That's a straw man, and you do everyone (yourself included) a disservice by invoking it. It's not fishy, it's just a business strategy rather than a tech strategy. They have a couple microfluidics assays that are profitable and they suspect these might be patent encumbered (even beyond the troll that they have already brought into the fold by giving him a board position.). Secrecy buys them two things: 1. Their competitors won't know what their loss leaders are. If assays A,B, and C have been optimized to profitability but D and E are still loss leaders, a competitor could use that knowledge by subsidizing demand for D and E (e.g. by undercutting them and forwarding the assay work, whereby the competitor spends $1 to force them to spend $10). 2. Patent trolls (are they really trolls if they spent money to develop the technology and make a product based on it?) won't know what to sue them for. Well, the largest and most sinister actors already have tools that aggregate said data into vulnurable systems for unwholesome purposes. What would a national ID give them that they don't already have? The ones you wouldn't remember probably weren't sufficiently different from the mean to warrant a positive or negative score in the first place. Meanwhile, the ones that you do remember probably were. Just make opting out of each individual question easy (add a N/A or "don't remember" option). Sure, you'll collect less data, but I imagine that you'll get at least partial cancellation after multiplication by the SNR, possibly much more than partial cancellation. The problem is that coursera classes thin out dramatically as you reach the graduate (or even middle/upper undergraduate) level of whatever topic silo you are interested in. CS might be an exception, but the offerings in large swaths of chemistry and physics are extremely meager and I imagine that's the case in, say, biology, the humanities, etc. Universities have precisely the opposite problem: professors love to teach high-level classes in their fields of interest but they don't particularly care for the intro-level classes. > how can you explain the modern world, in which the poorest residents of the industrialized countries consider their birthright many things that the Kings of old could literally not have gotten at any price? Technology advances. I agree with the point you were trying to make (capitalism is not a zero sum game), but people expounding the benefits of capitalism tend to attribute to it the success of everything that it has touched. That's not necessarily correct. If an economic system controls 90% of the resources, we would expect it to have 90% of the success (even 90% of the growth!) under the null hypothesis that economic system doesn't matter. > Don't just read the propaganda, think. Oh no, the sheeple! Cut it out. Accusing your debate opponent of not thinking is beyond lazy. > wealth has exploded under capitalism, and why it didn't explode under the older systems Capitalism isn't an 18th century invention. > why it doesn't explode even more under any of the several attempts to use another system that have been really tried in the real world http://forum.axishistory.com/viewtopic.php?p=1811208&sid=33f... > if your theories become so powerful they explain why the wealth explosion didn't happen at all That's trivial if you believe economic progress is not a pure function of economic system. And you'd be a fool to believe that. > you've probably got a bad case of the propagandas Why do I even bother? Or they get performance pay based on converting/retaining their assigned customers. It's evil, inconvenient, and (amazingly) it's even less efficient that its government-run counterparts both inside and outside the US: http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... What will it take to convince people of this? Our society already accepts that markets aren't a suitable medium for every human endeavor, how long must we continue to experiment with private (basic) health insurance before we add it to the list of exceptions? If our health sector ran as efficiently as everyone else's (as a fraction of GDP/capita), the money we currently pay for medicare and medicaid would suffice to provide universal coverage for every single person in the US. http://healthcarereform.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourc... Have you ever filed a claim that would would send the expected value of your account negative? Since that's a tricky calculation, here's an alternative: have you ever made a claim that (even momentarily) sent the value of your account negative? Insurance companies are always polite, efficient, and tolerant when they're taking your money (including making small payouts). Why wouldn't they be? But that's not where they add value to the equation. If it was, everyone would just self-insure. They add value when they have to pay out a lot of money for an unlikely adverse event. By definition, only a small fraction of customers ever get to judge this part of their insurance company, even though doing so is really the only way to judge the quality of the product they were paying for. Are those matrices dense? It's an important qualifier. My corner of the computational world (finite-element related code) very frequently gets to millions of rows and columns but with only O(N) nonzero entries (where N is #rows which is approximately #cols too). If the social workers could help everyone that came to them deserving help they wouldn't be depressed in the first place. Unfortunately, the elected officials in charge of changing the rules can get more votes by talking about other wedge issues. Worse, some of them can even get votes by peddling the myth that the poor are the ones responsible for bleeding the working class dry. This is often accompanied by a "fix" that costs more than it saves, makes life even harder for those at the bottom, and sometimes even funnels money back into the party / official's pocket (e.g. the urine test performed by a company owned by the official's wife). It's voters that need to change, not social workers. I don't think that was ever the intent, although I do know a handful of conservatives who swear up and down that it was all part of the liberal agenda. I always thought a much more plausible explanation was simply the accountability gap in public policy. The voters don't care if a policy works or not, they care if it sounds like it works according to their preconceived notions about how society functions (e.g. charging people to ride the bus will save money). Analyzing policy is a difficult and thankless task. It's hard to do right and voters don't pay attention anyway. My suggestion: give each candidate 1/2 (or 1/3 or 1/4) of a ballot page to use as they please (with caveats on sourcing data). Let the infographic battles begin! It's not a perfect solution, but I think that it could do a great deal to steer the debate back in the correct direction: the post-mortem debunkings would likely be more socially productive than any immediate effect the graphics had on voter behavior.