Well, at the risk of providing a not very detailed answer: it's better, in my subjective opinion. Better at code introspection, better at refactorings, better at debugging. Also, I prefer the UI. Of course, you're the final arbiter of these things for yourself, so give it a short. > Allowing unrestricted Internet access. On the contrary - filtering my internet indicates that you don't consider me capable of self-regulation... I prefer being treated like a responsible adult - responsible for my great code or my slacking off, whichever I choose. I greatly value this level of respect from employers. > I realize Linux in 2013 is not so dangerous, but take a gander at recent java security bulletins when you get a chance anyway. Off the top of my head, all of the recent serious vulnerabilities were applet related. The JRE doesn't require a Java plugin for your browser, no plugin, no applets. > That can get occasionally annoying, if you drop in a a bunch of 1mb text files in your repository and it insists of examining them. You can right click the directory and mark it as excluded from the project. We have an integration test suite that likes to emit gigabytes of XML into its local directory - which IDEA happily tries to index. Excluding it saves me a lot of CPU time. > It should take a lot more than an compromised web server to gain long-term access to data feeds from LexisNexus and D&B. Especially as Dun & Bradstreet operate as a credit bureau (in my country at least). And there's also gitosis, which IIRC is considered superceded by gitolite, but it's still working well for us. > the subtle differences between fetch and pull While I agree with some of your criticisms, as the resident 'Git guy', I've found no difficulty in explaining to people that pull is a convenience alias for 'fetch followed by merge'. Git's learning curve is far worse than Python's, simply due to the limitations of its abstractions - e.g., a branch isn't really a first class entity in Git, yet most people using the centralized server model for Git will tend to think about their daily Git work in terms of branches. The problem only manifests when you're trying to do things like "show me only commits from branch ". Or, "show me when branch was created from master." Yep, that's true. I think I've nearly taught our testers the difference. :D > How I'm going to suddenly become more employable than someone with years of experience. Haven't quite figured this one out. Well, you'll be asking for lower salaries than them for a few years, so that'll help. :D > that 99 out of 100 times you are told - explicitly or by work schedule "do not do it in an interesting, performant or elegant way, just get it working somehow and move on" Sure, we're in businesses (well, most of us), and there's little room for gilding the lilly or perfectionists who can't deliver. That said, I've always found that elegant code is easier to maintain, thus reducing technical debt. If your employer doesn't want to reduce technical debt, you're either working for a start-up that's in a mad rush to 1.0, or you're working for someone who doesn't understand or care about the interest you pay on technical debt, and it may be time to move on. > I don't think I ever caught myself writing code for my employer and thinking "hey, I really enjoy this" Poor guy. I write stuff I enjoy for my employer all the time. Our fridge has free beer and cola, so best of both worlds. Teach me your one crazy discovery that makes doctors hate you. I'll also say Java - Scala's possible, but slow and fiddly (last time I tried it, you had to tree-shake the app using Proguard because the Scala stdlib has a real hard time fitting into Dalvik's hardcoded limitations of 65K ish symbols). Kotlin is a doddle to get working, but it's alpha as hell, so only use for experiments. Yep, our Maven project routinely fails to build on Windows as there are some paths which are just too long. > However knowledge of pointers, lists and b-trees have been very helpful multiple times throughout my career. Indeed. And such glorious moments they are when choosing the right data structure drastically improves performance. However, if I were interviewing for a Rails developer position, the last thing I'd anticipate having to bone up on is algorithms and data-structures. I'd be expecting to be asked about... well, doing stuff in Ruby on Rails. Thank God you know how to implement a linked list though, shopping carts are filled with linked lists. > Java is a piece of crap when it comes to anything that's actually complex. Define complex? Anecdotal, but I noticed a distinct drop-off in my local user groups, Java and .NET, when Stackoverflow started getting popular. > Yes, globalization has serious downsides – but only because it happens with nations still existing So... A) What do you propose in lieu of nations B) How does your proposal in (A) fix the issue of disparate living costs across the globe? It costs less to hire an Indian developer than it does to hire an Australian developer than it does to hire a German developer. When we abolish nations, how will this be resolved? > Jagged, unfiled nails are viewed by women (accurately) as a major sign of sexual inexperience/ineptitude... Holy sweeping generalisation Batman. However, as I'm not even one woman, let alone all women, I won't speak on their behalf. > Jobs can easily head towards the cheapest, least regulated economy, but workers are prevented both legally and economically from moving towards the places with the best working conditions. Ah, the ideal of perfect labour mobility. Even if we did remove the legal and economic restrictions, we still can't achieve perfect labour mobility without breaking down a person's social ties to family, friends and community. Although some neoliberals have put a lot of effort into doing so. > And when workers in these countries do manage to achieve a modest increase in working conditions and therefore wages, the employers can simply pack up shop and head to the next cheap market. It's true, just as "Made in Japan" and "Made in Taiwan" were once considered how "Made in China" is today. And now we see the rising wages in China triggering manufacturers moving to Indonesia and the Philippines. In this regard at least, the globalisation of manufacturing is a force for good. I presume that they'll run out of countries to move to eventually. I was wondering if he was a New Zealander, in Canterbury we have a very characterful foehn wind we call the nor'wester. Its associated arch of cloud is called the nor'west arch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nor'west_arch We're not exactly imaginative with names around here. The more pernicious senior engineer is one who can code their way out of a box in an interview, but cannot deliver working code in a production environment due to various reasons - perfectionism seems to be a common thread to not delivering in my (limited) experience. Do you have any pointers on weeding these candidates out? Our country's employment laws make it hard to fire net negative producing programmers. "Best programmers" and "people who contribute effectively to a team's culture" can sometimes be exclusive sets. One of the most intelligent and creative programmers I know is an arrogant douchebag who demoralises entire teams. He's very effective on his own, but stick him in a scrum team, and watch the culture of that team sour and watch its productivity drop. And if your team culture is "let's be interesting creative people with zany hairstyles and really unusual hobbies" (not my team, but I sit beside them), then someone who is passionate mainly about checked exceptions is probably going to be a bad fit. I used the arrogant douchebag as an example of why a great programmer who doesn't fit a team's culture is going to drag down the productivity of that team - how they don't fit that culture can obviously vary. > If Indonesia uses thermal power then using the electricity generated from it has little negative environmental impact. Thermal as in burning fossil fuels, not geothermal. Fair enough, each team's dynamics are different. > whales fly into the air unnoticed Is this the origin of the Twitter fail-whale? PHPStorm is more focused and coherent and includes some features that IDEA + PHP plugin doesn't, IMO. If I were a full-time PHP developer, I'd use PHPStorm, but for my occasional PHP needs, IDEA + PHP plugin is ideal. PyCharm is much the same - for full-time Python development, I'd prefer it to IDEA + plugin. Just to reiterate myself - IMO, PHPStorm, PyCharm etc. are slightly more featureful and more coherent for their respective languages than IDEA + plugin. Did you file a bug for it? Precisely. When I was trying to get into the developer game (I'm self-taught with no degree so couldn't follow the normal progression) the biggest market in my hometown was (and still is) for .NET developers. So, I joined a .NET user group, I installed VS, I started learning. Problem was, MS was churning out the "next great thing" faster than I could learn the last great thing. While I was getting my head around WinForms, WPF came out. I started using WPF, then Silverlight arrived, which was like WPF, just a subset of it, and therefore different enough to be problematic. But that wasn't too bad. It was the 'blessed' data layer stuff that threw me. When I started it was DataSets etc. Then it was LINQ-to-SQL, then it was very much not LINQ-to-SQL, but instead was Entity Framework. As a newbie who was trying to make myself marketable, it felt like a bit of a hamster wheel, but then through the user group, I met .NET pros who felt exactly the same way. And at the end of the day, the greatest irony was that when I finally broke into the market, it was a Java-based developer role on the basis of my JavaScript. So all my years of frantically spinning the .NET wheel was for naught. I still do love F# though. In hindsight, the thing that strikes me about .NET development is that most businesses using it really want the whole stack to be from one provider whom they trust - and as a result, third party alternatives never really get a look-in if an MS or MS blessed technology such as JSON.net ( http://james.newtonking.com/json ) can do the same job. That is a massive sweeping generalisation of course, and only applicable to the limits of my experience in a small city in a small country. > Are you certain that the general programming knowledge you acquired through "spinning the wheel" wasn't a factor? I never stopped (and never do stop) learning as much as I could, and I apologise if I gave the impression I was only learning .NET stuff. I was primarily coding in Python, but got into JS to write stealth code to automate a horrendously manual part of my day job in a government contact centre. To clarify for you on the hire, I was hired for the JS, but expected to learn Java pretty quickly. > Adaptability is an important skill for developers. For sure. > Meanwhile I learned how to use an OSS lamp stack and have been happily using it for the last 10 years. Very stable and reliable, I could not be happier. I find that Java's biggest problem (stability/stagnation depending on who you ask) is also the JVM development ecosystem's benefit. There's not one body driving adoption of technologies by deciding what's supported and what's not, so technology choice is less dictated by economic imperatives. Probably unicode support reasons, they're obviously going for a slashed zero to look old school and/or avoid being called OhMQ but... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slashed_zero#Representation_in_... Way to dump your own depressive tendencies on a 15 year old. Jesus. Ignorance? Oh my. Unfortunately, I satisfy your criteria required for understanding suicide, so I vehemently disagree with your assertion that "Suicide is a very rational reaction to life." Especially when we're discussing teenagers, who haven't even lived one fifth of their expected lifespan. Did you miss the last line? > While it may seem obvious that something is wrong, these issues went unnoticed by a veteran photographer, the Associate Press, and every news outlet that ran the photo. If they are not noticing details like this, then what other forms of media hacking are they not noticing? He concludes 1) It's fake 2) He's smarter than everyone else. It went far beyond "offers some possibilities" way into "making wild assumptions on the basis of a single photo" territory. Oh wow, same guy? That's a pretty conclusive debunking of his claims... If you only check replies to your comments, it is. > What's really sick is the personality cult around this creep Yeah, I just had a look at his Twitter, there's a lot of girls sending him naked pictures and telling him how much they love him, and a bunch of sycophants avidly defending him (in a highly misogynistic manner, natürlich). > No, actually, fuck YOU. Why so angry mate? Cheers for a great synopsis that I intend to inflict upon my coworkers at the first available opportunity. :D > 2) lots of homeless people > 3) urine smell every where As a recent visitor to your city, the large number of people sleeping rough was a shock. I am from a small social-liberal democracy though, so we typically have less homelessness in general, but yeah, it was confronting. Down by the ferry terminal (on the Embarcadero I think?) there was two homeless people sleeping under a tarpaulin at the base of a flagpole proudly bearing the American flag. The juxtaposition was so ironic that I wonder if they were part-time performance artists when they weren't sleeping outdoors. How do Americans reconcile the homeless to their place as the wealthiest nation? > Limousine NIMBY Leftism Are you able to elaborate on this one? Cheers mate, that explains it. I was struggling to reconcile the Bay Area's famed leftie tendencies with the realities of inequality on the ground. > Using null instead of None means you are more at risk of hitting a NPE. I think he's aware of that - he said he's using Scala as a better Java, what would Java be without the odd NPE? Yeah, I had hopes for Kotlin, but so far they've dropped pattern matching. Still, it's more likely to gain traction as a 'better than Java, but not _too_ much more powerful' language, IMO. For example, methods (and extension methods) can still be used as operators, but have to be valid Java names, so no methods called I saw "The Internship." Me too, as such, you have my sympathies. I don't disagree with your point, I just hope working for Google isn't as humourless as portrayed in the film. > Every european country has own laws, culture and language. You're completely disregarding the EEC and European Parliament. As an aside on language, while on the train to Brussels from Köln, I was chatting with some Young Greens who were en route to a pan-European Green conference. One was from Serbia, one from Germany and one from France, and we were all speaking in English, it tends to function as a lingua franca, so language has never been a barrier for me yet. The multilingual capacity of Europeans really puts me to shame, my German barely goes past "I would like a beer" and "I would like a coffee". But yes, they have different languages, so i18n is a thing you have to pay attention to, and yes, they have different cultures and markets, so how you sell and engage people can differ. But you can recruit a small cadre of local sales experts to do your sales - a sister company of ours develops in the Czech Republic and sells in Poland, Romania and Turkey. The European market is hardly as balkanized as you make out. If what you say was true, then iPhones would have presumably never impacted in Europe - after all, every european country has own laws, culture and language. Serious question - can you short sell bitcoin? Is it possible for someone with large amounts of currency to do what Soros did to England / Thailand? If you want an easy entry into Germany as skilled worker, for example, you need to hold a 4 year degree in an appropriate field. Definitely agree. When I saw this: > A larger firm is more efficient (that's why almost everything is made by large firms) which makes employees of these firms more productive. This may be counterintuitive, but it's right ...I got a tad ragey. Everything is made by large firms because capitalism is predicated upon, well, capital, and the larger you are, the more you can grow. Mergers and acquisitions are the sound of that growth. The next issue I have with that statement is this - define efficient. The local branch of HP tenders for government websites, and then it charges the government $4000 to change text in a hyperlink. Is it more efficient at generating revenue than a small PHP firm? Yes. Is it helping the client make a more efficient use of their IT spend than a small PHP firm? Hell no. Former employees of large dev shops who work with me tell me about the time they wasted in being forced to argue with clients about whether or not bugs were actually bugs, because bugs weren't billable but feature requests were. Apparently, this is more productive. Having escaped from a public sector bureaucracy to a small start-up which is now at the 30-person size, claiming that a large private sector bureaucracy is more efficient and makes individuals within it more productive is most extraordinary. Incidentally, the only real difference between a public sector bureaucracy and a private sector bureaucracy is that the latter gives its middle managers bigger bonuses. That implies that 50% of startups have a negative impact, how would you define one? Yeah, precisely. Java's anonymous classes can also act as a (large and bulky) closure, although as you have to declare local variables used by the anonymous class as final, the capacity to close over mutable state is limited to instance fields or mutable objects. > that's why F# has two generics systems in the same language. For real? Do you have any reading I can do on this? It sounds... interesting > Why so smug? Yeah, the alpha geek passive-aggression is a tiresome aspect of our industry. Usually that smug self-assuredness is worn down by harsh experience, but heaven help you if you meet a 40 year old alpha geek who has not yet learned that they too can be wrong. (I work with one, and he makes some shocking mistakes but cannot admit it, so when he launches at you with a holier-than-thou attitude, scorn and contempt are all that arise). > What happened to good grace and manners Exactly. When you're totally right and someone's totally wrong, if you want to effect actual change (assuming that doing so requires their coöperation), grace is precisely what's required. You can have all the technical correctness in the world behind you, but the moment you put someone's back up with your poor attitude, the chance of them rationally engaging with your argument drops dramatically. I've had this argument before with some people on Reddit, and I received the retort "But who cares if I was rude, _they_ were wrong, I was telling them how to fix it!" ad perpetuam from one particular person who was astounded that no-one took his advice. > At least with EuroStar from London to Brussels Yeah, true, but in my (admittedly limited experience of international travel), it was very painless compared to airports simply due to having more staff available. I particularly enjoyed the German Rail Pass when I was there recently. Something like 240€ got me 3 days of unlimited travel within a month on the ICE trains (and S-Bahn) around Germany and to Brussels, which worked out fantastic for my travel plans - from Frankfurt to Hamburg, Hamburg to Brussels, and then Brussels to München. Worked out a lot cheaper than flying and the time cost was about comparable. Mostly it was far more comfortable too - apart from the bit where I caught the train from Köln to Brussels at the end of the weekend and ended up sitting on my bags by the toilets because it was so crammed. If you can afford it, AWS is nice, especially with the ability to spin up capacity only when you need it, which can make the economics work in your favour. If you're not sure if you can afford it, then stay off it. It's easy, but that convenience doesn't come cheap. > it’s not uncommon for us to encounter 30-50% time spent in GC Hmm... not sure if that's just C#, or if I should start profiling my Java apps a lot more closely. Try Intellij IDEA with Java and the various Java frameworks - IDEA is Jetbrains' (developers of Resharper) flagship IDE, they also do slightly more focused variants for Python, Ruby, PHP, and web development (PyCharm, RubyMine, PHPStorm, and WebStorm respectively.) > Who knows how finely tuned these projects were or what their load was like before a rewrite. A rewrite in a new language gives you more benefits than just the new language , it also gives you the benefit of hindsight. The ability to fix mistakes made in the first implementation can go a long way. That's a very good point with these rewrite stories - you could happen to rewrite some really poor code while porting and boom! Language Y is 50% more performant! What are we looking at in your screenshot? I've been Where's-Waldoing it for the word 'destroy' but can't find it. Boo to the editorializing in the submission description. Bullying? For trying to enforce a trademark? Come now, I know software patents can be absurd in the US of A, but trademarks are a different kettle of fish, so don't throw the baby away with the bath water. To the validity of the claim, I don't know how American trademark classifications break down, but it seems that "You Rather" is in a similar class of commercial activity as "Would You Rather...?" if I read this correctly: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&state=4803:l4gavd... In particular, class 41: > IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: (Based on Use in Commerce) Entertainment services, namely, a multimedia program series featuring comedy, action and adventure distributed via various platforms across multiple forms of transmission media; Production of cable television programs. FIRST USE: 20111203. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20111203 IANAL, but my gut feeling is that "You Rather" is pretty close to infringing, and that their best hope lies in their second claim that "Would You Rather...?" is a generic term. > Now, I'm unsure of American trademark law, but I understand it's a "use it or lose it" styled setup. Correct? Well, they took four years to challenge them, if it went to court, and subpoenaed information shows that they knew about yourather.com for years, would that work against them? It can do. I imagine it'd also affect any damages awarded. > Personal income taxes are about 50% in the US. I'm not American, but every time I look at taxation levels, I come out with a number significantly smaller than that. I presume that America uses progressive taxation, so at what income level does personal income + payroll tax equate to 50% of gross? That FICA number is high, at least according to Wikipedia. > Under the SE Tax Act, self-employed people are responsible for the entire percentage of 15.3% (= 12.4% [Soc. Sec.] + 2.9% [Medicare]); however, the 15.3% multiplier is applied to 92.35% of the business's net earnings from self-employment, rather than 100% of the gross earnings; the difference, 7.65%, is half of the 15.3%, and makes the calculation fair in comparison to that of regular (non-self-employed) employees. The rest of your figures aren't really what I'd consider personal income taxation, although they're definitely interesting. Also interesting is that married people in the US of A experience a tax advantage when filing jointly - not so our tax code, it's very theoretically pure. > First, the TSA itself has admitted that there is no evidence of terrorist plots against aviation in the US That's funny, because I got searched more thoroughly leaving the USA than when I was flying to the USA. > Tax-wise, the US is among the worst places to be self-employed. Singapore's a bit of an outlier - the government owns one of the busiest ports in the world, thus requires less income from tax compared to others. If you compare the US to other Western democracies, how does it fare? > It's not quite that simple. That could be the catchphrase for the entire US tax code. :D > I'd say that sales tax is personal Does US sales tax apply to purchases by a business? What about pair programming in lieu of code review? Still a red flag? > Java did win the war... ...You could argue that Ruby has overtaken it For what? A specific niche of web applications? XPCOM is... yeah, it's pretty bad. Writing a Firefox plugin vs. writing a Chrome plugin is darkness vs. light. > GVR himself has acknowledged everything I said I hate to be picky, but he only acknowledged portions of what you said. > but a couple decorators held this one back. @classmethod and @staticmethod are somewhat important language features to not break. Someone took the Godfather to heart. > And strings aren't? Not sure how explicit self breaks strings? You've lost me on the way I'm afraid. If we're quoting Reddit comments at each other: > You may be used to a different kind of magic. Perhaps the magic of a variable called this appearing inside your method, or the magic in which an un-prefixed variable name somevar is sometimes a local but at other times a member variable this.somevar. So it may take a little time to get used to Python's style, but isn't it only because you are used to the other magic? Explicit self is hardly a burden after about 10 minutes of learning Python, and there's really little objective argument to be made in favour of or against it as opposed to everything else. You quoted JavaScript as 'not needing it' before, and dear God, JS is the worst of all languages to reference, given how the this keyword is a calling context, which every man and his framework takes liberties with. How much code did the new strings break, exactly? What code it may have broken most likely benefits from the new unicode treatment, it was the worst thing about Python strings. Removing self would be a far more massive change - it wouldn't just impact certain strings, it would impact every Python class. > I believe you are incorrect that it is disabled by default No, it is disabled by default, I go through a few Macs and turning on right click (and inverting that 'natural scroll') is the first thing I do. > It's much higher than it is or other races. When you dig into the data, it usually turns out that stereotypes exist for a reason You'll find blacks and latinos are overrepresented in all negative socioeconomic indicators. But I'm sure that they're all deliberately choosing to have die younger and spend more time in prison. Okay, so poorly researched stories and confirmation bias aside, did the author mean to imply that China's air pollution issues are more about belief than fact? My wife would like to live in China, but every time we look at the PM25 / PM10 for the cities where I can easily get work, it looks genuinely life-threatening - I'm an asthmatic. I'm cringing currently. It seems funny now, but in ten years, it'll be as funny as a Java class file's header being 0xCAFEBABE is. It also assigns them an infantile quality. > but you need to be explicit about everything, which doesn't really work in an agile development cycle made of tight feedback loops. We're a scrum team based in Oceania working for a German firm, and we have had similar issues which we've resolved by usage of proxy product owners and regular backlog groomings. It'd doable, but it takes some investment in relationships and knowledge. I'd wager nearly all Java developers run their applications in their own JVMs, far far away from the sweaty mitts of client-side JREs. > That's why I will never take the language (or the JVM languages) seriously Seriously dude? > So we should rob these people of one of the ways By working for free, they're lowering the wages of everyone else in the software development field. Who is robbing who exactly? > So yes, I enjoyed programming in Java, and being relieved of the responsibility for producing a quality product. It was pleasant to not have to worry about whether I was doing a good job, or whether I might be writing something hard to understand or to maintain. The code was ridiculously verbose, of course, but that was not my fault. It was all out of my hands. Yes, that's it, blame the language when you write poor quality software. If only I'd used language X instead of language Y, my code would've been easy to read, well-architected and thoroughly tested. ...and if language X in this instance is supposed to be Perl.... come on. It has built-in functions that change behaviour depending on whether or not you're assigning them to something. > If the wages are lower across the industry, it means consumers get lower prices. You're totally ignoring the consumer side of the equation. You're totally ignoring the most probable outcome - reductions in costs lead to higher dividends paid to shareholders. Consumers continue paying the same price. > where they talk about "core hours", the importance of "having fun during those 8 hours a day" and being "a part of the team in-house" it all feels like they're stuck in an industrial age mindset. There's a reason for it. People communicate best in person. No amount of technology can totally replicate face to face communication. And many would argue that communication is essential for high performance teams. I certainly do. > Are you sure that robbing is the word you are looking for? Your choice of word, mate, not mine. If you want to talk about entitlement, lead on. Free labour will always out-compete paid labour, and the more free labour in the market, the lower wages get, so the point I raise is valid - they gain their experience at the overall expense of the rest of the developer community. In general, usage of unpaid interns damages the social contract between employer and employee - fair wages for fair work. Look at what has happened in other industries where wages have been driven down - America's regional airline pilots are paid ludicrously low wages despite the rather important role they have, with flow-on effects that speculatively affect safety. I have a feeling I've struck the libertarians of HN, in which case, this discussion is probably for naught. > Right now, AI controls airplanes, stock markets, information searches, surveillance programs, and more ...are they correct? I can't really imagine anyone sticking existing AI implementations in aircraft. Or do they have a looser definition of AI? When an imbalance of power exists in a relationship ( cf employer - employee), no free decisions exist. Now, employer - union, maybe. If these guys are working for free, then your argument is predicated on a falsehood. I use plenty of Java APIs. It's a vast ecosystem of code, generalising across all Java libraries ever is silly. Yeah, my team has inherited similar code from one particular Boy Wonder. One example was a service that imported JSON from third parties - it was unit tested, but the architecture was so poorly testable that it had mocked dependencies three levels deep. We also picked up a home-rolled reporting tool that was an instant injection of significant technical debt. > You can spot these developers by a complex class hierarchy that does absolutely nothing Oh yes, most definitely. Why have one class when you can have three classes that provide the same functionality? Technical debt can be a very real issue though. I always strive to highlight the 'interest' we are paying on our technical debt to our product owners, so that they understand what deferring necessary work is costing them. > Are you suggesting that's a bad thing? Yes. Your example doesn't apply. In both instances a[2] is a reference to a position in an array. I was referring specifically to context-aware functions in Perl, for example, keys called in a list context returns the keys, in a scalar context, the number of keys, in a void context, it resets an internal iterator. This is terrible, it's like Perl decided that the principle of least surprise was too boring. > The only problem is that you end up with a variable that fails to describe itself better than “I’m a number”. Our application servers need to know about updated entities, so we broadcast notifications when an entity has been updated - but we prefer to leave it up to the individual applications to retrieve the updated entity as they see fit. So we're often dealing with numerical ids of entities, and we've had a few bugs arise from code like so public void something(long accountId, long websiteId) When people have accidentally used the wrong long in the wrong place. So we've now moved to using simple wrapper types around aforementioned longs - public void something(AccountId accountId, WebsiteId websiteId) It does come at a little bit of cost as we're passing these things around a messaging system, so now we have to think about how they are serialized (Java serialization is problematic, and there are occasional religious wars about GPB vs. JSON), but it leverages the type system to make it every explicit what this number represents. F# has similar also: http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/F_Sharp_Programming/Units_of_Me... > You make plans for the child and are excited to meet the person they will become. It's a miscarriage. You often interact with children in utero before they are born. Also, at about 4 - 5 months (it'll vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction) a miscarriage becomes a stillbirth and requires a birth and death certificate. And while I have not lost a child at 3/6/12/24, I have lost a child at 6 months into a pregnancy, and it was quite probably the worst experience of my life - worse than my experiences during this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Christchurch_earthquake - and I was trying to dig crushed people out from underneath rubble. Births are (these days anyway), normally a joyous event wherein a new life comes into the world. A stillbirth is the polar opposite - especially if the baby died sometime before the birth was induced. Which version? I've found I get less and less pauses with each new version of IDEA. Currently the only blocking pauses I get now are when I change branches and my Maven POMs change underneath IDEA and it has to recalculate what modules belong in my project. > I'm a scientist, not a programmer (although I mainly program). I guess it comes down to a good employer. My employer takes the view that a) give people the tools they need and b) developer time is expensive, computers are cheap in comparison. AFAIK PyCharm comes with stuff (like Django support) that the Python plugin doesn't have. I doubt it. > The mac version looks OK in screenshots but feels foreign when you use it I use it daily on OS X and it doesn't feel foreign to me, but then I usually hate most of OS X's shipped interfaces anyway (my calendar is still pretending to be made out of leather), so perhaps I'm a poor judge of fit. The person you replied to wasn't specifying that he valued Ian Bicking's humility in that specific blog post, but his general demeanour within the Python community. > I would argue that it is not as flexible as Ruby or Clojure for building DSLs. I've never met a DSL that was better than a well designed API. They all start leaking at some point. Haha, fair call. > Microsoft did not seal it because sometimes you might want to create a class that has a friendlier name I expect multiple-language support may have been a stumbling block here but compromising your API (instead of sealing the class, document it as "you shouldn't subclass this") for something that could be done with type aliasing seems like a really bad trade-off. Is the C# using keyword a johnny come lately, or would it not support this functionality? A lot of buzzwords, but little actual information. How fast is it? Is it equally fast for both OLTP and OLAP style work? It seems to be optimising to remove the ETL step of transactional - analytical data migration, but you still need the analytical speed. At the risk of sounding dumb, aren't we still limited to 65,534 ports on an interface? Cheers for the info! I guess that's where I got the wrong idea from - attempting to stress test one machine from another machine, I'd always hit that limit, but now I understand why. Pointing at America doesn't lessen the issues in India though. It's like me saying that homelessness in my country isn't a problem because there's way more homeless people in the US of A. How accessible is the book to a layman? > OCaml/F#/Scala have far better type systems that check a lot more things, and require less typing. Sure, Java's type system isn't that awesome. But it's better than not having compile time type checks. Intellij is written in Java, and it runs fine. The set of all Java applications is not comprised solely of Eclipse. Those respect points are really crucial. I mean how much does a new computer cost vs. how much does a developer's time cost? That's a very good point. A lot of the places paying "rockstar" salaries are reluctant to allow remote working, so being willing to offer it to high performance candidates would be a way to attract them. > I think insisting on on-site work is mostly fear driven. Hmm, I disagree, but that's based on my experiences with our attempts to integrate remote workers into a strong team environment (two of our people displaced following an earthquake so we waived our normal dislike of remote working.) Basically, it doesn't happen. You can't integrate them into a strong team environment. Now when I say strong, I mean that the team decides how it works, the team decides how much work it can fit in its sprint, and the team decides who it hires. We live or die by our teams, and so we focus on team culture, and team cohesion, and we reap a lot of benefit that falls from regular personal interaction. Strengths complement weaknesses, teams develop cultures that they are proud of and protect, and we deliver quality. If you're a remote worker in this environment it sucks. You're out of sight, out of mind (despite Skype and Hangouts, if someone has to open an internet application to talk to you, communication becomes that much harder). But more importantly, you're out of the culture, you have no stake in it, and you feel left out. However - if our environment was one where we worked solo (as opposed to pairing on all production code), and placed far more emphasis on individuals than teams, then remote workers would fit far better. So yeah. It could be fear, or it could be that people are trying to build a team, and teamwork is vastly easier when you're interacting with others in person. > once you grokked the grammar Perl has a grammar? In seriousness, the old aphorism that "the only thing that can parse Perl is Perl" didn't help Perl. The tooling lags behind that available for other dynamic languages. Also, pedant nitpicking: it's straitjacket. Well, good. Being assigned an email address I didn't ask for by the "we need to know all we can about you in order to optimise the pictures of baking your Aunt keeps posting" website never really drew me in. The last time I used it, the styling had some flaws. Trying to set an element's top and bottom border to one colour, with the left and right borders set to another was impossible, as you couldn't address individual sides, only the whole element's border. The 'fix' was to create two line elements over the borders you wanted coloured differently. > Then I update to the latest EAP because it's supposed to fix this particular issue... and then other appear. Hmm, annoying... 1) Report bugs, they get fixed pretty quick 2) EAPs are not guaranteed stable 3) It's early days yet, it'll get better. > It isn't at all a good reason to switch to java, as java's equivalent would easily waste more time than even this rather embarrassing certificate problem with npm. As someone who has used it daily for the past 5.5 years - not really. That said, I'd prefer something like Gradle, but I can't fault Maven for just working, goddamnit. What is particularly bad? How would you have done it differently? I've not done much C, so I can't see the issue, although is it perhaps the types? Would count be modified by side-effect in the calling context also? Cheers mate, ah, so unless the function declares that it takes a pointer then it's pass-by-val? I use Droid Sans Mono: http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Droid+Sans+Mono Although I've had to revert back to Menlo in IntelliJ as IDEA needs JDK 7 to get the Retina sexiness, and last I checked, there was a bug with JDK 7 that caused some fonts to render weird - in the case of Droid Sans Mono, I kept losing semicolons and exclamation marks. > Has it really failed? It works fine for us, but we have the ideal conditions for it to - business product owners who understand that their role is to provide a prioritised backlog and clarify stories in a timely manner - and nothing else. We have an organisation that accepts that the developers will drop features from a sprint to safeguard reliability and quality. We have teams that have stable core domains so that our estimations are, for the great majority, sufficiently accurate within that core domain. Every time I see a "Agile is a scam / it's dead Jim / it's a myth" post, it usually involves into someone doing something dysfunctional and then trying to justify it with "But Agile!" in a game of Buzzword Bingo. I went to help a local government IT department that was trying to implement Scrum to get some clarity on what the hell was going on in their dev teams, and I sat in on sprint retrospectives where all the talking was done by the 'product owner' - who was actually a rebranded business analyst who had no authority to prioritise backlogs. He wouldn't stop talking either, even when I explained to him that the retro was for the team, not him. To that team, Scrum was a bunch of bullshit. To me, how they were doing it was obviously flawed. That said though, ultimately, that organisation has derived value from their half-assed implementation of it. It's shown them precisely who contributes in their IT team and who is cruising. They've got a few people who claim a monopoly on certain areas and jealously defend them because it makes them feel necessary and as such, safe from being laid off. Hence I had a GIS guy telling me that "You can't expect .NET developers to learn GIS!!" and an ABAP developer saying the exact same thing. Now that organisation faces the challenge of managing the coasters out - unlike the US of A we don't have at-will employment. > My current project feels more sluggish. Long planning meetings where just one or two people decide on the story points. Somehow we never really get all our stories done in our sprints. This isn't a big problem, but it makes you wonder how we plan this, and why we plan this. When you raise this at retros, what sort of response do you get? I believe you can measure the health of a Scrum team by a) what issues get raised in a retro and b) do they get addressed? The iterative aspect of Scrum is also very much about iteratively improving process. We have a team that is made up of 1 person from each of our three teams. It rotates on a weekly basis, and that team does the bug fixes / investigations / support queries that come in. The advantage is that disruption to a sprint is amortised to a constant instead of being a variable. The weekly rotations ensure that people who are writing bugs aren't isolated from the fixing of them - it also maintains morale, being stuck on a bug-fixing team is a bit of a gulag for devs IMO. I loathe implicits with the heat of a thousand suns. I mean, I love implicit conversions for easy addition of syntactic sugar, but they should be used very sparingly. It could just be my indoctrination into Python's more of Explicit Over Implicit, but I hate it when things mysteriously turn into things or get passed as implicit arguments because something was in scope. My most hated form is nested implicit conversions, it kills code readability immediately if you can't figure out what type or object actually got passed in. And I'm using IDEA btw, so about as much tooling on hand to interpret said code as I'm likely to get. Of course, you don't have to use implicits, but so much idiomatic Scala code (if I can interpret Typesafe's output to indicate idiomatic Scala) uses it, so I guess it's here to stay. I do love the pattern matching though, especially when it's destructuring. Yes, but when an implicit conversion has been applied to an implicit conversion has been applied to a... ...well, underlining it helps but can't convey all that has gone on. If the author is reading this, thank you very much - I've always wanted to experiment with C, but never had a project to use it on. Writing a Lisp interpreter (compiler?) is not one that occurred to me, but it definitely interests me. Cheers for your hard work. :) Oh wow, I remember spending an entire year's worth of music class at school with Cakewalk and a Roland. > I saw huge numbers of people just living on welfare because they could Where were you living? The hardcore 'bludgers' are a minority of our welfare claimants. Your portrayal of NZ strikes me as lopsided, considering we're working longer and longer hours : http://www.stuff.co.nz/business/money/7841749/No-rest-for-th... I code in NZ for a German company. We are very competitive on price compared to Germans, and very competitive on quality, compared to Indians. It's a happy middle ground. That's racist as. Yep, it can be. So there is a requirement to occasionally work later hours if you liaise with Germany - which is mainly our management and proxy product owners. But with solid backlog groomings, the need to speak to Germany is minimised - if you're grooming a story for next sprint two weeks ahead, any questions can be resolved by email. We run proxy product owners who have responsibility for understanding stories sufficiently to act in the product owner's stead. That said, the time-zone is an advantage when it comes to deployment - a 4am deployment German time is happily within normal 9 - 5 hours in NZ. Admittedly, when we travel to Germany for quarterly planning, you realise that being able to walk up to the product owner's office and discuss things in person is far more efficient and far better for resolving things faster. But at the end of the day, we can run 3 Scrum teams in NZ for as much as it cost us to run 1 Scrum team in Munich when we tried it as an experiment - the business team accepts the downsides of distance and time-zone simply for the efficiencies in euros. I guess that's an upside of being a low-wage economy - we're still competitive despite our stupidly high dollar. > Its an example of the "blub paradox": if you haven't used a pure functional language then its hard to see what the problem is. The blub paradox has always been a stalking horse for condescension, IMO. I've used a purely functional language, and I don't see the problem to be that significant. I see only benefits from traditional OO languages obtaining more FP features. > Plus the Android tooling is horrible to get working reliably - most problems being solved by "restart eclipse" Try Intellij IDEA / Android Studio. I find them quite reliable. Yep, Maven is the defacto AFAICT. But so is Java 6 currently. SBT has a terrible habit of breaking backwards compatibility, which has put me off it. > or a polymorphic event API with dedicated method types for each event Exactly! I agree. Hibernate has become a downright liability at times in our codebase. These days I only use it in new code for query parameterization and result row transforms into models. Speaking of which, if anyone knows of a good library for query parameterization alone, let me know... > Substitution for testability should be done at the runtime level, substituting class references as needed That would require a Java agent. And that's a smell it its own right. (Cf JMockit) Cheers mate! That createQuery() call looks to be exactly what I need (query safety on a low level JDBC stream object). Yeah, I just went and had a look at the project in question and I'm being unfair to SBT, it was a plugin I use to package WARs that changed underneath me. The plugin was quite closely coupled to the version of SBT, but the latest variant of it (once I found out about the migration to a different artefact) seems good. Yes, we did, from log4j to logback. Due to using slf4j, no code changes were required. > . Firefox no longer has the market power it once used to have thanks to Chrome being bundled and installed by default with Flash, Acrobat and Java updates etc. Firefox also went through a very long period of being a memory heavy browser with multiple tabs and the UI sharing a single thread of execution for JS execution - meaning that one badly behaving website could render the entire browser unresponsive. ...at least that's why I stopped using it. > If you are using Chrome, don't fool yourself, you are not using an open source browser, but you are helping Google further the agenda of its stakeholders As an example, Chrome won't ship an adblocker by default... but they will add code to prevent popunders from working. Guess which ad format Google doesn't do... I love the person who downvoted this without any response. Am I wrong about the technical challenges Firefox faced? Yep, it's just `javac -version` or `java -version` The only working definition of "Big Data" that I've come across is "Data too large to work with in a traditional RDBMS". Oh, that is fantastic. :D Default is 1/4 of physical memory for a server JVM. I'd emphasise the word server. Client JVMs are 1/4 of physical memory to a max of 256MB. I always enjoying reading blogs by people unfamiliar with a technology about why their poor understanding of a technology indicates that the technology they know better is better. > we ended up with the MUNI (aka SFMTA). The problem is: as a monopoly, and a government-subsidised one to boot, they have absolutely no incentive to improve service. Germany's trains are also monopolies, yet the U-Bahns I'm familiar with are reliable and relatively clean - at least compared to the BART I rode. Exactly, and when you ask people who "have done Scrum and it was terrible!" if they raised their problems with the process in a retrospective and if so, what happened, that's usually what identifies the issue. Seems like a lot of people don't take retrospective seriously, or don't speak up during one, or their organisation completely ignore the outcomes of it. And as you say, they've missed the biggest point - consider your process, and iteratively improve it. I use my work laptop for business and for personal use. As I sporadically hack on my work code for fun, I don't want to run two computer user accounts. > This is normalized of course, and so it's important to remind that working odd jobs while you "write your novel" is entirely devoid of such stimulation, and I believe, actually and actively kills brain cells. Hmm. I'm a developer now because I had a brain-numbing government employee job - I had developed an interest in programming as a young child, but it never went anywhere, and I'd largely forgotten about it. Fast forward, I'm stuck in an underpaid overworked dead-end job which I'm resigned to because I have a wife and child to support, and I'm borrrrred. I then stumble across a website discussing how fun and accessible Python can be for newbies, and I give it a crack, and I'm hooked. I get a new government job, better pay, less work, still boring. But the boredom at work gives me a huge amount of mental capacity for my learning at home. My sleep admittedly suffered because of my programming, but my work didn't. In my downtime at work, I'd write programs. I spent a lot of time learning JS because it was available to me for hacking on in my locked down work environment. After five years of government schlepping by day, and programming by night, I met a man who could overlook my lack of qualification and who would give me a chance to prove myself. And all that boredom finally paid off. Now that I'm a developer, my work is so intellectually challenging and interesting that I could not replicate the same learning that I did in my duller days. I just don't have enough mental capacity left at the end of the day, these days. In summary - my boring day job gave me the capacity and impetus to learn to code. You're spot on. Work is so much more meaningful when you are allowed to influence your workplace. I work in online advertising, hardly the most glamorous market, I'm not exactly sequencing genomes to cure diseases - but my work is meaningful to me because we have so much control over how we work, and how we treat our employees. > Why does it matter what he wanted to do growing up? Since when do we value the judgement of children? I wanted to be a scientist when I was growing up, a biochemist. I'm not, but a few friends are, and they all sing from the same song-sheet - "There's so few science jobs in our country, and they're all underpaid, and academia is not much fun either". An example, my brother has a chemistry degree, the only job he could find with it was processing film badge dosimeters - which involved taking the film out of a box, putting it in a machine, and writing down the batch number. It could've been easily automated, except it was cheaper to hire two science grads to do it. Shows what an eight year old knows about career paths. > People and work environment trumps what you actually do. I definitely agree, and you raise a good point - I'm idealizing a given task merely because it sounds more socially minded. Deliberate government policy to prevent inequality. Cheers mate, thank you for sharing, it illuminates the discussion well. Hi mate, We choose our interview questions based on the position and how the candidate presents themselves - e.g., if you state you have strong SQL skills, we'll be expecting you to demonstrate those skills. In the first filter interview, we're generally looking for war stories that show you have what we're looking for, so if the word 'scalable' pops up in a job description, for example, then a relevant anecdote on a time you had scaling issues and overcame is worth making notes on. We also prefer to have you work on actual problems on a computer while pairing with one of our team members instead of doing stuff on a whiteboard. We're interviewing for skills and team fit, and if you're intelligent, then skills can be taught, but attitude rarely can. In summary - depends on the specifics of the job description. > Don't judge if people are oppressed (or better, repressed) if you have never been, please, either because at that age YOU had the occasions or guidance, or because you hadn't that curiosity or talent. Nice justification of criminality. "But I was bored and talented!" Oh dear, who are we to stand in the way of your genius then? > Nice black-and-white view of humanity I don't have a black and white view, I just don't buy "I was bored and clever" as a justification for breaking the law. Okay, I can understand you feel passionately about it, but I'm not commenting on the validity of the American legal system's actions. I'm merely commenting on how intelligence doesn't lift one above the legal system you reside within. We use Vertica for our analytics, and basically, INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE are performance risks, as are trying to SELECT large amounts of entities. As other commenters have said, Vertica, like other columnar DBs, is optimised for reads, and it does so basically through materialized views (called projections) across multiple nodes - so when underlying data is updated, those updates have to be replicated across the system. It's not a huge concern in a reporting / analysis environment though. Retrieving whole entities is not particularly performant, but if you want to group and aggregate columns, it's blistering fast. I ran some numbers - our largest stats table in Postgres is 64GB, 379 million rows, and summing a column can take up to 4.5 minutes. Our largest table in Vertica is 500GB, 2.7 billion rows, and summing a column can take up to 100 milliseconds. I'd have to say that the worst thing about Vertica is that it's not free as in beer or as in speech. Licencing is done on a raw data basis, and the high costs of upgrading licences often drive our technical decisions. And likewise, trying to use the Vertica JDBC library to stream entities from Postgres to Vertica was an interesting exercise (in fairness to Vertica, it was caused by poor implementation of some code in the Postgres JDBC library), because I had only the compiled JARs to work with, and so debugging was difficult. Other catches - constraints are not enforced - a performance decision. The other issue is that projection design is a very fine art and really determines how much performance you'll get. That said, Vertica ships with a projection designer that designs projections to answer specified queries fast, and the designer is suitable for about 98% of your needs. For the last 2%, you can often find yourself trying to interpret the mind of the query planner when you want it to use your new projection. ...This leads to another catch - as projection structure is strongly tied to query structure, queries that are changed and ad-hoc queries may suffer performance issues, and they do so silently. Vertica does make excellent records of query metrics, but nothing will blow up if an existing projection can no longer answer a query. The last caveat is that importing data into Vertica requires some thought, and how you do it is typically determined by Vertica's design constraints. The documentation is good, and the training is worthwhile, but there's still a lot of thinking specific to the implementation required. > Personally, I don't find ultra-specialized databases very interesting (speaking generally here, not necessarily saying that Vertica is ultra-specialized). I basically see two reasons to use something specialized: (1) replicate data into it and run queries (i.e. an accelerator); and (2) put lots of low value data in it, that you'd otherwise throw away, and try to extract some signal from it. (There are a couple other cases, like real-time systems, but that is outside of what I ordinarily deal with.) Pretty much. We had a specific business requirement of near real-time statistics and historical statistics available at an entity / day level of granularity for advertisers and publishers using our platform. Vertica occupies a very sweet spot for us in that regard, but it requires a lot of specialised approaches. I've managed to break its tuple mover a couple of times when loading historical raw data in large quantities. I haven't, but I'll definitely look into it, cheers. :) Our largest table is only that size due to licensing issues, mind. Are there unions in game dev? In my country, IT professionals are very hostile to unions, but then our labour laws are less imbalanced between employer and employee (IMO) than America's. > Reëducation While this is completely unrelated to the subject matter, I admire the New Yorker's insistence on keeping the diaeresis alive. > For the "Enterprise!" developer pool, there's Java. The 500 line methods are still hard to slog through, though. Great straw-man there. I didn't realise that javac required 500 line methods before compilation. > In which case, the language of mandate doesn't matter much. It's a lot easier to pass two collections to a method in Java than to a sub in Perl. > But it's a rotten language to maintain. I've been diving into some of our legacy Perl and man, the learning curve of the various sigils and implicit variables. Even working with collections was challenging. I'm working to make it better Perl (I have a copy of Modern Perl on my desk), but that's solely to make it understandable so that we can rewrite it / replace it with something like Salt. Your reply makes no sense to me I'm afraid. > And I didn't realize the well written Perl code compiles equally better. Equally better? > And its certainly a lot easier to open files and do things in Perl than writing several hundreds of lines just to set and get variables for one single class. Come on, seriously. Here's how I open files in Java: import com.google.common.io.Files; List lines = Files.readLines(new File("/foo"), Charset.UTF8); Why do you insist on straw-men to back up your arguments? > List aList = Arrays.asList( new int [] { 1, 3, 5 }); You can drop the inner array, asList takes variable number of arguments. > // I need to check if Java 8 has map literals a la Groovy... Sadly not, IIRC they've backed off from literals towards a Guava style static factory methods, which I'm not thrilled about. > I'm not seeing that much of a difference in parameter passing, other than the explicit reference/dereference syntax. So let's say I'm a newbie Perl developer just exploring subs. sub stuff { my ($a, $b) = @_; print "$a and $b\n"; } my $a = 1; my $b = 2; stuff($a, $b); It works! Hurrah. Feeling clever, I move onto collections. sub stuff { my (@a, %b) = @_; print "$a[0] and $b{A}\n"; } my @a = (1); my %b = (A => 2); stuff(@a, %b); And it doesn't work at all. @a has some additional values, and %b is undef. So yes, let's use references. sub stuff { my ($a, $b) = @_; print "${$a}[0] and ${$b}{A}\n"; } my @a = (1); my %b = (A => 2); stuff(\@a, \%b); Except now, I have two ways of working with Perl's collections, two separate sets of sigils, and all because I wanted to pass two collections into a function and Perl treats function arguments as a collection, and Perl implicitly flattens collections. The difference I see, as a Perl newbie only working with it out of necessity, is that having (because you need it because of earlier design choices) more than one way of operating on data structures, violates the principle of least surprise. > On the other hand, now I have to go to the Enterprise Committee with a Permission To Install Library Form to get it, since it's not part of the base language. It might well be worth it to use Google's jar, but it's a delaying nuisance. Argh, same straw-man again mate. 1) It's a library, there's no need for One True Library. Especially not in a Perl thread (CPAN is awesome). You use whatever works best for you. 2) Caught and re-thrown as a RuntimeException by the library. 3) No idea, but if I need that low level of control, I wouldn't be using a readLines convenience method. 4) Like you can pass files as a parameter, and create lists of them to iterate over. 5 - 8 are a different problem domain. But I was merely answering your hundreds of lines to read a file straw-man. I never suggested Java be used as a scripting language, if you really want to script on the JVM, use Scala, Groovy, Clojure or Kotlin. But personally, I script in Python. Let's resurrect that old pissing match with Perl. ;) > I guess that bottom line of what I am trying to say is that not all perl code is unreadable crap. That has more to do with the writer than the language. And, different languages make different things easier. I would agree. It's the same issue Scala faces IMO - it doesn't have to be a complex maze of types and implicit conversions and implicit values, you can, if disciplined, write very understandable and clear Scala. Sadly though, it seems a lot of developers aren't disciplined. > If it's seriously legacy code ... Well, I'm removing globally scoped maps shared across several modules and about 6000 lines of code. To be fair to the original author though, he was learning Perl as he went along, and when he learned about references he started using them in new code. I must admit that Perl's autovivification can be nice. > it's two concepts: "collection", and "pointer to collection". I guess coming from C that didn't bother me too much Fair point. I guess what bugs me is that you can use collections merrily without references until you want to pass more than one collection to a function - or create a collection that isn't flattened - at which point you have no choice. The licences are far cheaper than your colleague's time. > How can you know your time is worth more than X when X is undetermined? For every other IDE made by Jetbrains, the cost is eclipsed by the cost of a developer's daily salary. So if the IDE would save your developer one accumulative day in a year, it's paid for itself. > It's Jamaica, the beach's "value" is not shared with the greater Jamaican society. Can you please expand on this? I read it to mean that Jamaican beaches are often privatised and off-limits to the public. Is that correct? > There are two Jamaicas, one for the tourists (the Beach) and the rest which is often quite poor and destitute. They mix as much as oil and water do, and the natives are "discouraged" from interacting with the tourists other than in a service role. Man, that's sad, half the fun of travelling is the culture and people. Hell, that sounds pretty damned colonial in mindset. > What the Maori thought it means, and what Christian missionaries allowed contemporary culture to understand it to be You are committing a common error in portraying the Māori and their culture as being crushed and suppressed by colonialism. Hapless victims. The reality of the interplay between missionary and Māori is far more nuanced than that and you a strong disservice to Māori in your portrayal. I'd ask what basis you have for your assertions about the 'lost' definition of mana, when the definition of mana in the Māori Dictionary specificially states: > 2. (noun) prestige, authority, control, power, influence, status, spiritual power, charisma - mana is a supernatural force in a person, place or object. It goes on to explain how mana originates from the Atua and propagates down. It also discusses the close relation between mana and tapu. http://www.maoridictionary.co.nz/word/3424 > Opinionated best practices stop being useful when the emphasis is on opinionated and not on best. If the cabal that has political influence is not the strongest there is, standardization just increases how much technical debt can be built in a short period of time. I agree so, so, so very much. We've had issues where one teams wants everyone to standardise on a given technology for ideological rather than practical reasons. However AFAIK Couchbase 2.0+ is moving away from Erlang to C++. I think the author should be glad that she lives in a country where her biggest issue is that all the wealthy and intelligent men she meets don't have artistic hobbies. That is a fantastically first world / middle class problem to have. The offered improvement is, I guess, process Google-sized 'Big Data' without the significant issues of Hadoop style clusters. Beyond that, there's not enough details. To give you an example, data import speed has always been an issue with Hadoop - Facebook are quite proud that they can import 320TB of data into their Hadoop clusters in a day. > (ideally, one not written in a bloated language designed for remote controls and set-top boxes). Oh cool, subjective language argument time! Make sure you crystallise your synergies while going forward. Argh, there are far too many firms who have Hadoop clusters who don't really need them. I'd also rate Opera Mini as an alternate web browser... if you can install it sans Play Store. > I've had occasion to think a lot about the relationship of quality to long term productivity. The remarkable thing about building software quickly is that if you focus on speed, cutting quality where needed to "move forward", you end up slowing down after a while, due to the build-up of technical debt. A continued focus on speed will typically result in slower development, and a low-quality product, a sort of worst of both worlds scenario. We're a typical "launch in 3 months!" start-up that is now 7 years old, and we've were so focused on growth and feature development to meet the market that technical debt just accumulated and accumulated. Eventually, technical debt began to have a real impact on business feature delivery, so we talked about it with our business team and came to an agreement that 30% of development time was ours to reduce this major risk. The end result is that over time, as quality improved, our business feature delivery has gotten better and faster - less bugs, and more features per sprint. We're very lucky to have our business team, I think. Do you blog about your experiences at all? If so, could I please have the url? Exactly, Hadoop generally refers to the framework and the associated projects built around it. I've been looking into Impala of late, and it's still within the Hadoop ecosystem - the documentation discusses Impala / Hive / Pig interop. Yep, precisely, I get on well with most of my workmates, and we have a few beers on Fridays together, but it's not mandatory. We're not hiring friends, we're hiring competent people we can get on with. Of all my workmates I'd only really call three of them friends outside of work. Not Chrome either, wasn't sure what the criteria was. It's not really appropriate, given the movie's content - the main character, Jake "the Muss", destroyed his family through his alcohol abuse and horrific violence directed against them (see the film Once Were Warriors). In this film, he tries to deal with the consequences of what he has wrought. It's a pretty bleak story, and it has little relevance to "a bunch of overhyped and heavily investor backed startups didn't pay off." So in your narrative, who are in the insiders? And in what terms are they thinking as opposed to the 'outsiders'? That's a great idea, with some very interesting facets to play with. > We have run of river hydroelectric in the states that diverts some water via penstock Do you have wildlife issues to consider in the design? E.g., are the dams on rivers fish migrate up? I'll have to remember that. Cheers. The unpacking is cool, reminds a little of pattern matching destructuring binds in Erlang etc. Ah cool, that's good to hear (so long as flows are sustainable, unlike some of our proposals for 'harnessing all that wasted water') > Don’t suck at something you say you’re an expert at This one. If you say you are expert/advanced at X, we will check for some level of competence. It's amazing how many candidates with CVs claiming 'advanced SQL skills' don't know about the existence of the HAVING clause. An exaggerated CV is a very easy filter. > I agree that people shouldn't exaggerate their skills but you need to be cautious about how you go about proving that they do not. It's easy to prove that someone is clueless by quizzing them about specific technical details or syntax. I agree, which is why I gave GROUP BY HAVING as an example filter for 'advanced' SQL skills (especially as my team manages data warehousing and analytics). It's not a minor implementation detail, it's the major tool for filtering on aggregated values - something like 'find customers who have purchased two more products in one month' can either be done as a query of an aggregated sub-query, or as one query using HAVING to filter for customers with a COUNT(*) > 2. Again, this is only for people claiming advanced skills, and it's not that an 'advanced' feature. I don't expect every developer to know about SQL:2003's window functions, but HAVING has been around since at least 1992. I agree with not asking silly technicalities, as a Java developer, knowing why new Integer(100) == new Integer(100) but new Integer(1000) != new Integer(1000) is an interesting piece of trivia, but using it in an interview is a waste of everyone's time. That's the very first option everyone turns off because it gets in the way. That isn't a question on syntax, sorry. We'll have to very much disagree if you think this is just syntax. It's a core part of SQL that anyone with advanced SQL skills should at least be aware of. Syntax would be caring if they put the ORDER BY in front of the GROUP BY. Good point. > The cheapest install of this machine would not include a solar component nor battery, each of which might be very expensive in addition to this machine. Who could afford all that? Certainly not everyone. I've seen German stirling engines that use a fresnel lens focusing sunlight to supply the heat - and the most expensive part is the sun-tracking software and equipment. You can run them off any heat source - the sun, hot water (e.g., geothermal bores), your log fire etc. etc. >>I slowly explained that I’m a social entrepreneur promoting global change through the concept of ‘hackathons’ where attendees work together and find solutions to community issues within a tight time constraint. They were dismissive and didn’t seem to want to hear an explanation. > If even a hint of this attitude got through, you would be denied. Even without the attitude, I'd be dismissive of that too. It's buzzwords and puffery. Oh! You're in the Global Change industry? Silly me, I didn't realise. Come on in, they just opened a big Change The World By Writing An iPhone App In A Weekend factory in San Diego so we'll need all the skilled global change promoters we can get. And what kind of customer wants to give a fake name to dine? The feeling of dishonesty aside, I can imagine it going hilariously wrong if automatically generated. "Yes, my name is Eduardo ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException, it is a proud family name, we are far better than the scum of House Segmentation Fault". > When I talk to anyone who's livelihood doesn't rely on advertising or marketing, there is near unanimous agreement that advertising is fundamentally manipulative and dishonest. Besides the social cost of Advertising, there many other costs. Such as? Keen to hear. :) Also, what would you propose in lieu of the current advertising supported model that is dominant today? Title is a bit ambiguous - it's not a blanket ban on laptops, only laptops that you can't turn on to prove that they're not a bomb, I guess. > Hierarchies usually start out small. But, when new features are added and scope creeps, they get deeper and more abstract and messier. We have real issues with some complex class hierarchies that another team likes - they keep adding yet another abstract subclass of an abstract subclass to handle more cases, so you can end up following logic up and down multiple levels of classes when reading code, and missing one overridden statement can dramatically change the outcome. I've little experience in apply statistical analysis to this data ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8018014 , thank you to that user), so forgive me if this is a dumb question, but would it be possible to remove poverty as a confounding factor? I am guessing, based largely on American television I've consumed growing up, that a higher proportion of black males grow up in poverty than white males? From what I understand, AOP is mainly useful for modifying code at runtime that you can't modify before compile time. So for adding logging to your app, meh. For adding logging around a closed source third party lib? Awesome. Compile time around third party code, or just yours? Because I was trying to extract a point of difference where AOP does something you couldn't do otherwise. Scala can be as readable or as unreadable as you like. Which is the problem with using Scala in a corporate environment, it can become a terrible weapon in the hands of a bad developer. > She was punched in the face five times by someone who wanted his methadone. > Go figure where we'll be if it gets legalized. Well, presumably he wouldn't have needed methadone, because the drug he was addicted to would've been available for a reasonable price at a known potency. > I'm not interested in your opinion; experience says the opposite and your lack of experience says otherwise. > Edit: 2 downvotes from the pro drugs crowd. Or the downvotes could relate to your unwillingness to consider viewpoints other than your own. > Multiple people were offended enough to go and downvote every one of allegory's comments. I can't downvote, so I'm not one of those who anger you so much, but allegory is most likely being downvoted for presenting anecdotes as conclusive evidence and dismissively referring to anyone who disagrees with him as having opinions lacking experience. If we're dressing up anecdote as evidence then I have plenty of my own, but I'm well aware of how useless they are at informing debate. Bear in mind that Mike Hosking, one of the hosts of Seven Sharp, is a major backer of current Prime Minister John Key. What does them being white have to do with anything? Also, I think you may have misgendered one of the people in the banner. Can someone please define for me what exactly 'interface pollution' is and why it's so bad? Because I read this article, and the article from the Jooq blog he references, and I can't see anything beyond one guy's preference for one thing, and Java 8 does it the other way. That bike shed would be way more robust if you used FP to paint it. We already have this 'explosion' in Java-land. What's the difference between interfaces implemented as a lambda and... interfaces with a single method implemented as an inline anonymous class? Which is effectively what these 'lambdas' are syntactic sugar for. It's still an improvement for Java the language. > users with more karma should have a larger voting power with their upvote That will just make it more valuable to game the karma system. .. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unidan#Vote_Fraud > If you can't handle a message like that, then perhaps it's just as well. Such conduct is not tolerated in workplaces, where people are paid to contribute, why do you consider it acceptable in an environment where people contribute for free? I wasn't aware FOSS projects were compelled to accept code contributions... > Because, you know, in your workplace, you are in an actual inferiority position. Your boss is the one that says how much are you going to be paid next month (or IF your are going to be paid), or whether you are going to work in a nice project or maintaining a 20 years old codebase. If he bullies you, verbally or otherwise, facing up or quitting might have dire consequences. Even between two coworkers of equal status, this behaviour would not be tolerated by a good employer. Okay, fine, remove workplace if you want to quibble about semantics and broaden it to "Most human interactions". Most human interactions consider a modicum of respect for the other party to be a basic requirement. Hmm, cheers. It doesn't have to be free (as in beer) to have source code available. But it does require some out of the box thinking from the vendor - I deal with one licensed product, and they won't give us source code for the JDBC drivers. It's a JDBC driver! It's not doing anything revolutionary, it has nothing to do with the core competitive advantage of your product, ffs. ...Is 0.8 Kafka any better? So all white men hold the same opinion? Or is there a finite number of opinions capable of being held by white men, and all of them are represented adequately in print? Weird statement, either way. This is my main grudge with .NET development, a culture of preferring The One True Way. It (among other things) leads to a lack of .NET FOSS diversity. > Twitter's 420 ...really Twitter? Do you have an example of an API that meet's Fielding's definition of REST? > the former I am inclined to see as a (wrong, if you let me) set of values. Yeah because mental illness allows one to think rationally about value sets. Could you recommend some? "Google it" is a non-answer. Linux doesn't dominate the mobile environment. A very specific port of it, by Google, does. Given that it's Google , that's hardly a compelling argument. They could've made Windows NT dominant if they'd so desired. > The title of this article is unfortunate in my opinion; I clicked it expecting a diatribe against open source. But in fact, it isn't. I was expecting a rant against shitty builds, my biggest contribution to contributing to an open source project. > I really do not feel entitlement or rude tone from there You don't? > I like your gem otherwise, but it's called "emoji", implying that it's the Ruby library for handling those characters. The facts that it only handles some of them, and that you already knew about this issue but didn't tell us is bad form and frankly rude to your users. Also, since when was there a definitive list of "over-animated emoticons" that one had to fulfil? > I think it's reasonable to expect the full, standard set of emoji. What full, standard set? Is there an RFC that sets it out, possibly called Annoyingly Animated Smilies From Japan? Your statement implies that a child growing up in the favela can merely decide their way out of it. And you can start out fine and then become poor through circumstance. Illness is an obvious one. If you've got 1 year of savings, and are severely ill for 2 years, you're going to have a rough financial time. Even products like income protection insurance will eventually stop paying out for things like severe depression. Haha, cheers. This document http://www.unicode.org/Public/emoji/1.0/full-emoji-list.html seems to indicate that even if the dude had wrapped the Apple set of these damned things, it still wouldn't be definitive, which would make for fantastic bug reports about how we're missing 'ferry' and 'disabled car'. This reliance on pictorial fonts is making me feel very old. Get off my lawn you damned kids with your cleverphones and your wing dings smilies. A lot of people are also fond of the recreational hunting species (Red/fallow/sambar/rusa/sika/whitetail deer, chamois, tahr, goats, wild pigs, wild cattle... and maybe a tiny population of moose). They are controlled to some extent via the occasional cull, (and if they die as a result of the 1080 drops, DOC's official position is a shrug), but for the most part their numbers are kept low by recreational hunting, and economics... ...when deer population numbers get high, the animals become economically viable to harvest for meat by helicopter, so the WARO (Wild Animal Recovery Operation) flights take off, shoot all that they can, and then export it to Germany, who loves wild venison. The recreational hunters shake their fists at the helicopters, but it keeps the animal numbers at an acceptable level. Nope, only the Polynesian rat, kiore , was the foodstuff introduced by Maori. The other two species were stowaways. Incidentally. the kiore is now endangered due to being outcompeted by the other rat species. Well, mustelids worked well for rabbits in England. And to be fair, ferrets (they introduced stoats, weasels and ferrets) do spend most of their time in the grasslands preying on rabbits. It's the stoats and weasels that really devastate the birds. The 1080 drops for rodents works on well on mustelids too, as they tend to eat the dead bodies, and 1080 bioaccumulates. But yeah, in hindsight, thanks guys. But at least they didn't get around to introducing dingoes from Australia to control the possums as proposed. You ask an excellent question. Maori people do heaps of hunting, I have no idea what the person you're responding to is on about. Hell, the best hunting show is on Maori television: http://www.maoritelevision.com/tv/shows/hunting-aotearoa Are you actually from NZ? Because what you're saying doesn't really match reality. Heaps of Maori people hunt. > Anyway it's interesting to know that there are Maori who hunt, that's something that I'd like to learn more about. http://www.maoritelevision.com/tv/shows/hunting-aotearoa ...there are Maori in the South Island too. You speak so assuredly from a position of cluelessness. :/ > No disrespect to you in particular but this way of handling the problem comes off as very blunt and uncivilized. 1080 is hardly any more civilised. But it's the possums or our native trees/birds, and we're fond of having forests with bird song. > There are different goals of advertising. Brand awareness and purchase oriented (I forget the technical names). Most online advertising has revolved around driving purchases, with brand awareness only establishing even a non-negligible online presence fairly recently. What? > My understanding (as an outsider who doesn't work directly in advertising) Aah. Yeah, in our market, you're not correct about brand awareness campaigns being a) recent and b) neglible. Most of our biggest spending campaigns are branding campaigns, and have been since 2007. Big caveat - I'm not in the US market. The technical terms tend to be CPM/CPC/CPx/CPO, depending on who you're talking to - cost per thousand impressions (branding), cost per click, cost per conversion, cost per order. Well, CPC/CPx/CPO campaigns only pay on those events, so yeah, impressions are a cost only. But those campaigns tend to predominate on low-value inventory, whereas the branding campaigns naturally want a higher end of the market for impressions and the demographics viewing them. Non-CPM is where Google really shines, their click-through on CPC is, AFAIK, an order of magnitude above the industry average. > I often joke that if Buddhism had more extremist members we'd have a lot more holy wars than anyone else. Burma's got a few. Gah. So let me guess, the "stand-up" ended up with a bunch of people sitting down, because after all, you can't stand up for that long...? ...the number of people who miss the reason for standing up (to force brevity) is astounding. > almost two first weeks of a sprint almost whole organization is working on a demo for the previous sprint - that was beyond insane. Wow. You're right, that's beyond crazy. What frustrates me is that demos can be very useful, if done right, but if you're doing them because "We do Scrum, here look at this certificate I got from Scrum Alliance saying that I'm a 'Certified ScrumMaster®', see?!" like the artefacts of Scrum are magical ceremonies that will cleanse you of your software sin... For example, we create a small video demo of a feature story as part of the story development, and we make it available for our business team (who are on the opposite side of the world) immediately. This gives them a chance to flag the occasional oversight on our part sooner, and we can fix it sooner. It works really well for us in terms of ensuring quality, but also for keeping the business team aware of what we're doing. But if it didn't, then we should iterate on our process (like bloody Scrum says to do) and stop doing them. > Soft Skills from the development teams perspective is assertiveness. It's also "not being a dick to your fellow team members". One asshole can poison an entire team's culture. Besides, if you're doing Scrum remotely close to how it was intended, the only person who needs to be able to tell the product owner to fuck off nicely is the scrum master. > unfortunately now you have two R+D programs to pay for instead of one, and lower economies of scale and the labor and logistics costs will be higher to maintain two separate platforms. I'm pretty sure the US government is paying for a bunch of disparate R & D projects already. I didn't even realise Hangouts was coupled to G+ until I read your comment. Now I realise I've been implicitly ignoring it every time I've had a hangout. Poor Google Plus. > According to a measure I’ve heard once (probably depends on many factors), a new full-time engineer adds some $1,000,000 to your company’s sell value. Hmm, that's a suspiciously round number. I'm also curious as to why employees in an industry where labour costs are the majority of your costs, would suddenly be considered such a valuable asset by a business guy. > I also frequently don't like the results of community feedback shaping a blog; a lot of times it just puts the writer on the defensive all the time, and can easily become toxic and contribute to burnout. Or, the blogger panders to the worst of his commenters and it forms a cesspool of mutually reinforcing bigotry. Let me know when self-driving cars can handle snow and ice successfully. I find your usage of the word "faith" wonderfully telling. Let me know when self-driving cars can handle snow and ice successfully. I find your usage of the word "faith" wonderfully telling. > You're telling me you don't find it to simply be a matter of time before the combination of technology and data overcome this tiny little step in autonomous cars evolution "Matter of time" could be 2 years or 20 years. Or never. > I saw were in English, as in American English Entirely off-topic, but what English variant is taught in Europe? I'm going to ask a German colleague to spell the word 'colour' I think. Yep, my team has started on the "slightly more data than our RDBMS can handle" route, and I've had the whole Hadoop-is-a-ecosystem thing-not-a-single-technology discussion multiple times with developers and product managers alike. Yep, exactly. This GCE outage comes at a great time to help me answer the question, should I use GCE over AWS? Probably not yet. > Look up "Operation Chokehold" for an example but there are many more. Did you mean Operation Chokepoint? I can't find anything for Chokehold, but Chokepoint yields a bunch of pressure on pay-day lenders. I'd be careful, the more expectation you load onto a child, the more they push back in the teen years. > they chose to allocate a substantial portion of it to having children. The good parents did. Losing a file's history when it's modified and renamed via an IDE or plain ol' mv (as opposed to git mv ) is one of my biggest pain points with Git - it tries to detect the renaming, but sufficient content modifications seem to break its algorithm. It's a bit of a case of the tail wagging the dog when you find yourself coding in a certain style to please a version control tool. > I don't really see it is changing coding style to simply have the rename be a discrete commit Depends on your language, I guess. Changing a Java class name typically involves renaming a file. So if you're doing a refactor, where renaming a class may only be one of several changes you're making 'in the flow', you have to consciously pause after renaming that class and commit. Racketeering and money laundering seems to be the Fed's catch-all charges for "Your users may have been committing crimes" - the money laundering might come when you take money from 'criminals', at a guess. They have charged Kim Dotcom with the same offenses for running megaupload, and I think that they chucked in wire fraud as well. It's worrying how vague these 'crimes' are, it tips the balance of power too far in the direction of the government agency. Stop treating women like children. Did you know that they can make their own decisions just like men? FYI, there are male prostitutes also. And prostitutes with a variety of other gender identities also. I'm looking at React now, as our first experience of Angular had a really steep learning curve, and it's going to be a hard sell to our UI team who have been writing Wicket for a long time - we're moving away from Wicket in some areas as it doesn't handle complex dynamic UI very well. It's got the AJAX support if you don't mind a trip back to the server for every state change, but when it goes wrong, the debugging gets really hairy. React's component orientations look at little easier to pick up and get going with, and it'll be a lot more familiar feeling to our UI team who have been passing data down a tree of components for some time now. However, I have yet to build anything substantial in it, but so far I'm hopeful (I shall disregard Flux for now, we may not require its complexity just yet). The data binding all looks to be one way, and each component looks testable in its own right. So hopefully I'm not just jumping on yet another bandwagon. > A common misconception is that JavaScript is similar or closely related to Java. He said it looks like Java, I believe. Not "it's similar to Java". > Have you considered EmberJS as an alternative? I haven't, but I'll have a look now. Cheers. :) None of that has any relevance to my comment? My sole point in the second paragraph was that prostitution is not solely a woman's domain. So is prostitution violence against all genders? If so, why specify women? If not, why not? > There are lots of women who are coerced into prostitution, either directly or structurally. That's true, but why do you phrase it solely in terms of women? There are a lot of boys/men in the sex industry also. My personal argument is the criminalisation of prostitution forces prostitutes to associate with criminals, which is where the abuses can happen. In my country, where prostitution is legal, a prostitute recently took her boss (What do Americans call a man who runs a brothel?) to our Human Rights Tribunal for sexual harassment and won. http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm If you want to minimise harm, legalisation strikes me as the obvious move. > I have never actually heard of a male being coerced into prostitution. Does that mean it doesn't happen? Good news everyone, his employers are hiring: http://www.gal.ae/careers/Jobs.aspx Just don't "slander" them. > the whole fire fast mentality that is starting to pop up I am going to hug my country's employment law. "Fire fast" sounds inherently abusive towards employees. > signs you're too good of a programmer - > you use monads in object-oriented languages (like Python) Are monads a natural fit to Python, or is this a case of "when all you've got is a hammer"...? Yeah, because anyone who wants to use two USB devices at the same time clearly bought the wrong computer. People have different use cases to you. Deal with it. I have a wireless mouse that works via a USB dongle, and I use a USB headset for my Skype calls with my business team. I also charge my cellphone from a USB port, especially when travelling, as it's far more convenient to have one plug adaptor and my Macbook Pro power supply than carrying a plug adaptor and a multi-box everywhere. At the moment, the two USB ports I have on my MBP are pretty much bare minimum but every now and then I find myself juggling peripherals. Do people in California water their lawns? Cosmetic grass must be one of the biggest users of urban water - the last time I left our sprinkler system on for a day (I turned them on to humour our landlords, never turned them on since), it drained our 2500L tank, which is not ideal when you 'only' get 900L a day. I like the Las Vegas approach of painting rocks green, no watering and best of all, no mowing. Assuming that it succeeds... Ah, good to hear. :) Surely if Apple's watch is going to end of apps as we know it, it can only do so by achieving a sufficiently large mass in the market. If it remains a niche product, then it'll be supported as a niche product by developers, while the great majority of mobile device devs keep targeting smart phones as per usual, with their usual modes of user interaction, and nothing changes. Ah yep, editing it now. Cheers. I've noticed there's a distinct backlash from the younger generations in post-colonial nations against the idea that 'they' owe anything to the original inhabitants of their countries, who often exist at the bottoms of our modern societies due to historical structural racism. Canadians have a reputation for being nice, but if you want to see unbridled racism (which is totally justified because ), enter any Reddit thread on Canada's first peoples. Same for Australia, as a country they're incredibly warm and accepting - unless you're an Aborigine. My country is the same, but happily there seems to be more people in our online communities who are trying to correct the falsehoods and myths that people use to justify historical inequity - or use to challenge contemporary amends for historical wrongs. We're far from perfect, but yeah, anyone who thinks that the young people of today are less racist should probably talk to more middle class white kids. What other syntax is there to access a property? Oh right. I love those null/undefined checking chains, it really puts the Java in JavaScript. > The prime directive of a business is to serve the interests of its owners. That usually requires making money at some level, but making money itself may not be the prime directive. And this is certainly true of some businesses. A few businesses. And they're fantastic to work for. But they're very rare in my (admittedly) limited experience. My employer treats us as 'fully formed adults' also. It's fantastic, especially after the years I spent in government, where we were all treated like children who required policies on every damned thing to guide us. An obvious example is about how you use your computer. In my old job, it was highly regulated. Want to install Firefox on your machine? Sorry, that's against IT policy, we only support IE. Your machine is locked down to prevent unauthorised installs, and even if it weren't, you'd be up for a warning for violating the policy. In my current company, the sysops still limit what they support - for example, they're not willing to support OS X Yosemite users yet, and recommend users stay on Mavericks. But, if you want to upgrade to Yosemite, you can, just don't ask the sysops for help fixing it. And if your broken Yosemite install is impeding your work, well, we trust that you'll resolve it one way or another. Or another - alcohol. In the government, alcohol at work was banned. A beer at lunch could get you fired. When we had Christmas parties, alcohol was provided, but on a token-per-drink basis. Everyone got two tokens. My current company, the beer fridge is a treasured perk. There are no rules about how much beer you can drink, or when you can drink it. So far, no raging alcoholism has impeded work. What I really notice is that when you treat people like adults, they respond like adults, and when you treat them like children, they respond like children. It would help if social media didn't erupt into massive storms of outrage every time someone took a photo of themselves with a dead lion that they shot on a safari ranch. How long to get from this to human trials? > It turns out that a huge fraction of Spark workloads fall into this model, especially since we support complex types and nested structures. The first step of all my Spark tasks is "turn this RDD[String] into an RDD of parsed JSON", or turning CSV into case classes. What JSON parser will dataframes be using? I presume Jackson? Yep, we're using Spark 1.1 currently for aggregating log data on a one big bang per day basis, and I'm currently experimenting with Spark streaming also. I'd say go with Spark if it's green fields dev, the API is far nicer, and it's far less fiddly to work with. Spark uses a lot of Hadoop under the covers, so you still benefit from that ecosystem. What I really like about it is that it can be easily unit and integration tested. > The article has only an image of the Z4 in Munich. Looks like I have to visit the Deutsches Museum the next time I'm in München. This is a big sell for me. There are some small catches to it - for example, for operations requiring an associative function (such as reduceByKey), the need for it to be associative may not arise until the data-set becomes suitably large to be split across multiple workers, so in my team our testers specifically check reduce function associativity has been demonstrated in a unit test. Well, we unit test each of the functions which are typically mapping, reducing or filtering. The only thing special we do here is explicitly test that any reduce function which is required to be associative is actually associative, due to a dumb bug I wrote once. With the integration test, we have structured our code so that the processing occurs in a function that takes an RDD and returns an RDD. We then start a SparkContext in local mode[1], create an RDD with test data and can easily test that our processing produces the correct results. We're just using JUnit for this, as we're largely a Java shop, so while we're coding in Scala for the cleaner API, we haven't jumped into the Scala ecosystem fully. We also run end to end tests on our cluster using a subset of production data stored on S3 (Spark workers have to read/write from a distributed file system, S3 is one that the Hadoop ecosystem supports), and just verify the output against expectations derived from crunching that same subset via traditional means. Hope that helps! I found Spark very easy to get up and running with, you can do a lot of experimentation in your IDE, and when you want to try a cluster, it ships with some convenience scripts that make it very easy to start a cluster on AWS. [1]: http://spark.apache.org/docs/1.2.0/programming-guide.html#in... Unfortunately a case of treating the symptoms instead of the cause. Mind you, it's a bit easier to lock toilets than solve systemic inequality. > This is surprising. It's not when you go to Germany and the public toilets you find cost money to use. Mind you, at least you get clean,working toilets for your money, I was rather disgruntled in Brussels when I paid a euro to use the toilet and there was urine all over the floors and half the urinals were out of order. > I can imagine that raising the fine to $200 and spending 1 or 2 months ticketing everybody would change behavior overnight. Not in St. Pauli, it's Hamburg's party district, home of the Reeperbahn, so it'd be a continual stream (if you pardon the pun) of very drunk people, many of whom aren't from Hamburg, getting ticketed. > that because men are hard wired to protect that area It amazes me how fast my body can respond to a nut shot whereas I can't even catch half the time. Anytime someone's gone for my groin, (and it's only ever been women) my thigh has moved to deflect the foot/knee without my even noticing. > I follow this advice because I've found from experience that often there is a good reason, or at least _a_ reason, that I don't see. Exactly. I pulled in devs from two teams recently to discuss confusing modelling of domain objects on one end of our app vs. the other end, as my team were trying to deal with both. The naming involved was completely contradictory, which always makes fitting a system into your head so much harder when you have to mentally translate. Turns out that each team had very valid reasons for modelling the entities as they did - the front-end team implemented the entities as understood by the business guys who would be using the GUI to configure them, and the other implemented the entities as understood by the API spec they were ultimately being transmitted over. The initial response of "this is so dumb" was very easy and very wrong. Much of my personal development as a dev has been learning to suppress that initial dismissive response when encountering 'bad' code, instead asking why the code is as it is. There's always a bit of a fundamental attribution error[1] in "your code is awful" discussions with devs. (Although I'd say that this points to the issues that can arise from having two teams implement two separate parts of a business process.) [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fundamental_attribution_error Depends on your employer. At mine, people who can work well with other developers and help the team get better overall are very much noted, appreciated and rewarded. But our culture has always been about the team, not individual developers. > Am I really that rare that I treasure people above all others who will speak to me directly if they don't like something? You could well be. People vary. One senior dev I work with can never accept direct criticism, he just shuts down and gets very defensive and adversarial. But then another senior dev's preferred mode of discussion is yelling and hand-waving, and it took me a bit to learn that I had to yell and hand-wave back to get him to listen to me. Scrum works well for my organisation. > While they just try to focus on building software, Scrum dragged them into seemingly endless series of meetings called Reviews, Retrospectives, Plannings and Dailies. This just caught my eye. The Scrum process as originally described had three meetings - one planning meeting per sprint, one retrospective per sprint, and one daily stand-up. It's a stand-up, as opposed to a sit-down, to try to enforce brevity. It's also typically recommended to spend 5% of your sprint in backlog grooming/refinement whatever we're calling it. You should, of course, iterate on your process to make it suit yourself. My team, for example, decided that we'd spread that backlog refinement over multiple days to keep it short, sweet, and relevant. We probably spend more time on it than 5%, but that's purely self-interest, as it keeps our plannings short (we are usually coding by the afternoon of the first day of sprint), and our stories well-estimated and deliverable. But then it's hardly reasonable to complain that your modified process means that the underlying principles are bad. Yep, that sounds pretty terrible. To give you a contrast, our stand-ups take 10 minutes at worst, and our retrospectives take 3 hours every third Friday, and plannings are about 3 hours also, again once per three week sprint. If you don't mind me asking, determinism precludes free-will, so how does your philosophy reconcile our legal systems, which punish people for their choices? What would you propose in lieu of them (if anything)? Most people who want to play games on a Mac will dual boot. > but it is my believe that when Senators' and Presidents' and CEOs' sons lives are on the line, they'll think twice before using force. May I recommend a listen to Fortunate Son by Creedence Clearwater Revival? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvwQmxLaknc Fair answer. :) And it makes sense. In a deterministic world, then a rehabilitation system instead of a 'justice' system is the only thing that makes sense. And cheers for the link, it's given me some thinking material. I think that the parent comment is merely interested if this exists in societies like Sweden where feminism as a philosophy is more entrenched. As for why he's asking the question - because activist intersectional feminism appears to be leading the trend towards these safe spaces, I guess? It was the focus of the article ("rape culture" as a concept is, as far as I can tell, a feminist one), although it segued into the racism/Islamophobia at the end. > Similarly to being raised in a cult, the internet gives people the ability to spend most of their time in a community that reinforces their world view while forcing out any dissenting view points. This has always been my thinking around the more unusual subcultures closely tied to the Internet such as vores etc. Prior to the net, if your fetish was being eaten by a dragon, chances are it was yours and yours alone within your accessible social circles. Espousing it openly would lead (rightly or wrongly, I make no judgement, each to his own) to social ridicule at best, ostracism at worst. But with the internet, you can now find like-minded groups who will tell you that your interest in being eaten by dragons is entirely normal. People who join those communities to disagree will usually be banned or removed somehow. I've chosen an extreme example, but you'll find similar in other online subcultures - in my opinion, the smaller, the more likely the group-think. Guts as opposed to... balls? I'm trying to think what the replaced word would've been. Use porn mode in your preferred browser. Cheers for that link, it's very interesting reading. > While the public sector was always inefficient (honestly it was significantly worse than I pictured before starting...far far worse like you could easily eliminate hundreds of jobs without impact worse) private sector is pretty bad in many places as well. I've worked in a public sector department that was run like a business. It was a contact centre that provided information and assistance with various government functions, but to do so it, it competed with private sector providers at open tender for the business of those various government departments. Of course, it had a massive price advantage, as it was a) small and focused and b) not required to turn a profit. That aside, it was run like a business, because if any customers were significantly displeased, the clients could easily move to another provider. So the focus on quality was high. It ultimately provided a quality service to users, cheaply. But, and this was the important takeaway for me, the person running it burned all of his political capital protecting this highly performant section of a ministry from interference from other mandarins within the ministry. He was a good man, and he expended his career protecting efficiency in the midst of public sector "meh". Anyway, my long winded point is that public sector isn't inherently inefficient, and private sector isn't inherently efficient. Any sufficiently large organisation sprouts a self-sustaining bureaucracy. Public or private. In my mind, it's merely correlation that public sector organisations are typically inefficient. The causation is organisational complexity (that is, a large strata of middle managers) It may have been that, but from where I sat, most of it appeared to be fiefdom disputes. For example, the head of IT was displeased with this unit because it didn't use Citrix, his mandated solution, for all its needs. Why? Because it didn't work. Especially not when they tried to make 100 people use Citrix over a 10Mbit connection to servers situated on another _island_. Even worse, we were allowed to install Firefox, gasp (This was back in the days when IE6 was the go-to corporate browser). Such untried and unproven software! But we had a killer argument for tabs, so we got it. But it earned us the enmity of a reasonably powerful bureaucrat in head office. Ooh, anecdotes. I worked for an abusive employer once (American corporation, funnily enough), and I joined a union, and it protected me from further abuse because my managers were scared of the union, because it was an activist union. So yeah. My union good, your union bad, let's not make blanket assertions based on one experience... > And you believe that using the union as an enforcer or as a protection racket was a good experience for you? Yes. I had entered that job from a social welfare benefit, and if I were fired or forced to leave the job, I would be subject to a 13 week stand-down. > This was a good outcome to you, over, say leaving that hostile environment as fast as humanly possible, or, I don't know, turning in the manager(s) to higher-ups (or to state agencies if the abuse warranted)? My recourses would have required legal action to the Employment Court, and when you're earning minimum wage, lawyers aren't easy to come by. So yes, it was good that I could keep earning the money I needed to live, until I found a better job. > How might you imagine that management would find this out if the person is unwilling to speak up The entire management structure in place was the problem. Are you seriously suggesting I should have attempted to contact my manager's boss in the USA, instead of joining a union? > Does it really matter if no one commented "Oops, we screwed up"? To me it does. You just deleted someone's hard drive, an apology wouldn't be out of order. About the same time that I introduced Spark in our workplace, Telecom announced their multi-million dollar name change. I spent the first two weeks clarifying that I was indeed referring to Apache Spark, not the Spark-Formerly-Known-As-Telecom. They'll always be Telecom to me. > I've often thought there would be an awesome opportunity in there to make a hilarious app that catches cheaters during the music round of Pub Quiz. The best pub quizzes dim the lights so that smartphone cheats beam forth their sneakiness. Why are you being downvoted for a constructive comment? "Free blocking" was what attracted me to Erlang's actors in green threads as opposed to Akka's actors that block entire threads when they block. Shift seven tons and what do you get... > raise them in a language that will limit their life choices and potential. False dilemma. You can raise a bilingual child, in no way limiting their life choices and potential. In fact, there is evidence that suggests that bilingualism provides cognitive benefits later in life. Another false dilemma. Raise a child bilingual in English and Navajo, nothing bad. Gee, why did you omit _that_ combination? > AWS doesn't do this They don't, but don't forget their recently released Dropbox (who use a bunch of AWS) competitor. > Vagueness in the rules on foreign investment and intellectual-property rights do not help with the difficult task of finding funding from abroad. Incorporating religious extremism into your law doesn't help either - a picture of Buddha wearing headphones on Facebook gets you jail time. http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/268881/new-zealander-... Sure, given an attacker having special knowledge. Hey mate, your "2011 breach incident" anchor points to nothing in the page. Am I missing something? It's interesting when you look at hunting dogs in my country. People hunting deer will favour breeds like the German Shorthaired Pointer or Vizsla for their particular hunting characteristics suitable for hunting deer in thick bush, while pig hunters will tend to use mongrels who have been tested in the field and excel at one of the roles needed in a pig hunting pack - finders, bailers and holders. I'm not sure which approach is better in working dogs, the aristocracy or the meritocracy. What troubles you about that statement? It may well have been a situation where the person was presenting a threat to others and he had to decide how to how much threat was being presented and how to prevent that. > But even so, should police officers really aim for the head? That's a good question. I can't think of any columnar DBs that are FOSS aside from Cloudera's Impala (under the Apache licence), and IMO while it represents as a DB, it's a sometimes leaky abstraction over the Hadoop ecosystem, and its used columnar format, Parquet, has some data-type limitations compared to other products. But I agree - we've had some "fun" with our columnar DB's vendor, and the support we're paying so much for has been rather useless. > Impala is cool but it's a data warehouse, not a full-featured DBMS. I wouldn't even call it that to be honest, you spend a lot of time thinking about Hadoop and HDFS files when working with Impala. > In any case, CitusDB's home page doesn't say anything about it being a columnar database It does, if you dig deep enough. :) https://www.citusdata.com/citus-products/cstore-fdw But you're right that it's completely optional and not needed to access their distributed query processing. Hmm, how sure are they that the cut marks are anthropic in origin? I'm reminded of Peking Man's "cannibalism": http://www.uiowa.edu/~bioanth/courses/Peking1.htm > where microaggressions (also known as "pissing contests") dominate That's my most hated thing about coding - alpha nerd pissing contests, especially when it's about technology choices backed by opinion only. Why do Americans insist on generalising the many countries and cultures of Europe into one big amorphous blob and then generalising about Blob Europe? Just because the EU exists, doesn't mean that Europe is suddenly an equivalent to the 52 states of the US. Different countries within the EU have different laws, different markets, different cultures, different ways of doing business, and most obviously, different languages. Germany is different to France is different to the UK is different to the Czech Republic is different to Turkey. This is why there's no single "European search engine" - and this is why America is the most attractive (and competed in) market for digital products - it's huge, well-off, and it's a lot more homogenous (at least in language and general culture) than Europe. Yep, Berlin is definitely heavy with Agile start-ups. Ah, you're right. (I was reading this earlier submission on the same matter: http://www.eweek.com/cloud/why-europes-regulatory-war-agains... and lumped the two together). Although I would probably expand that out to ask why people from the UK also like to reason about (continental) Europe as a singular entity also, when they should certainly know better. I don't think that it's ironic that Gallipoli and WW1 in general is what led to Australia and New Zealand starting to view themselves as distinct from the "Home Country" - our experiences in WW1 made it very clear that England didn't consider us colonials to be English, even if we still did at the time. What I like about Gallipoli is how these days it serves as a national memorial for three nations - Australia, New Zealand, and Turkey - and how forgiving the Turkish are and were of people who had come as invaders. > if you are doing real big data you keep your cluster well secured and firewalled away from your other networks let alone the internet. Exactly. > Make sure that everybody can build everything from scratch, without having to rely on Maven or Ivy or SBT downloading something automagically in the background. > Sign. Code needs to be signed, end-of-story. Use Sonatype's repo then? http://central.sonatype.org/pages/requirements.html#sign-fil... > The findings indicate that slaughterhouse employment increases total arrest rates, arrests for violent crimes, arrests for rape, and arrests for other sex offenses in comparison with other industries." Industrial slaughter is vastly different to slaughtering your own. And the correlation is easily explained - it's well-paid, difficult and unpleasant work, and it attracts men who tend to drink hard. Alcohol and crime correlate very well. > Who are you And who are you to chastise him for his chastisement? Feel free to ask who I am to chastise you for chastising him for chastising the other commenter, I do love these sorts of recursive finger-pointing discussions. Ha ha, only serious. Well, they're right that NIO code is pretty low level and hard to read. But then, 95% of Java devs won't need to touch NIO, they'll just use Netty which does all the NIO for them. Yeah, I'm very interested in this also. If Dutch is anything like German, gaan means "go" and rijden/fietsen are along the lines "go by vehicle". In German at least, you tend to use "go by vehicle" where English would just use "go". That is the preciseness English doesn't have. Interesting that the "I must to the Bla" construct exists in Dutch, English has it, but it's antiquated. We tried it, disliked it as a whole, and dropped it while retaining those ideas we found useful. But then, we're a small company, with an already (nearly) flat structure, and already built around largely self-determining teams. So what Holacracy offered above what we already had was rigid structure, and cumbersome terminology. It also has a weird religious vibe in that the Holacracy franchise holders who we turned to for input on our implementation of it refused to work with us unless we adhered to the defined process 100%. No modifying it to suit our company. The formal governance meeting process caused a severe backlash when rigidly adhered to because it only allowed one "reaction round"[1], so if someone else's reaction caused a new viewpoint to arise in your mind, but you had already spoken, too bad. Our facilitator who had attended the training rigidly enforced this process, and several people, myself included, felt silenced. So yeah, as we weren't a traditionally pyramid structured company to begin with, we had very little to gain from it - we tried it because we had started with 5 employees and no governance beyond "let's ask the boss", and we had grown to a point where we needed to get _some_ governance in place, because while intra-team decisions were fine and dandy, how we made decisions affecting everyone was really unclear. So in the end, we dropped it. We have kept some of the ideas we found useful, for example the separation between governance and tactical meetings, and the idea of the 'lead link' or their equivalent being opposed by the 'rep link' equivalent, in our case, it's our proxy product owners (PPO) and their eternal opponents are our scrum masters. It's a healthy tension between what the business wants and what the team wants. The other valuable thing we've kept was the objection and objection testing process - if someone has an idea, objecting just because you don't like it is not considered valid. You need to be able to present a coherent argument as to how the proposal, if adopted, would harm the company. It means that the "Bah humbug" curmudgeons can't stall innovation. Basically it boils down to "Would it hurt us to try this?" as a test for a new idea. So now our governance consists of a small group of 'executives' for want of a better word, and what we call "The General Circle". The "executives" is our boss and two 2ICs (to increase our bus factor to keep our business team happy) one with an HR and finance focus, the other with a businss analysis / product development focus. This group's primary focus is the relationship with our business team, but it also handles the aspects of running a company that require handling an employee's confidential information, like pay reviews and HR issues. But every other cross-company decision is made by the General Circle, a group consisting of the PPO and scrum master from each team, plus our finance and HR specialists. These discussions are totally open to anyone else who wants to attend, and our financial performance is tabled as a matter of course, with more detailed numbers and budgets available for the curious. PPOs are theoretically appointed by the General Circle (our existing PPOs were in their roles before this governance guff, so no new ones have needed to be appointed yet), while Scrum Masters are selected by the team however they like. I think all our teams rotate it every six months or so. Oh, and we also like the election process from Holacracy - write down a person's name on a piece of paper, with your name on it, and then in the discussion, you say why. After everyone has explained their reasoning, people can then change their votes if they heard a good point that persuaded them. [1]: http://wiki.holacracy.org/index.php?title=Governance_Meeting... There's still management in Holacracy, but it's not a full-time paid role, it's devolved into groups. We use Scrum and I disagree with everything you said. It is not reflected in my experiences at all. But that's the problem of arguing from anecdote. > Subsidies are what makes industrial food "more affordable". My country has no agricultural subsidies, indeed the competitiveness of our agricultural sector is shaped by it, and if international trade were to cease, we'd be largely self-sufficient in foodstuffs although we'd lose some of the cheaper options for things like tinned tomatoes. Despite our lack of subsidies, we have yet to revert to 19th century living standards. > Yet "No MSG" is touted all over I try to avoid MSG to limit the amount of sodium in my diet, I get enough through salt already. A while ago I decided that if I couldn't kill and prepare my own meat because I was too squeamish, I had no moral right to eat store-bought meat. So when I found processing my first rabbit a little challenging (they smell bad on the inside, and their teeth are long, yellow and very definitely rodent teeth), I kept the thought of steak and bacon in my mind and pushed on through. But I still find it interesting how I had trouble reconciling the fact that my meat used to be a corpse - when you're cooking game animals, the meat often retains a flavour that you can smell while processing the carcass. The first few times I ate something I had prepared, I ate sparingly, while my family tucked in. I think it was due to my own mental assocation of corpses with disease and decay. So yeah, I think a fair few people who eat meat would not do so if they had to process it from living animal to carcass to meat. New Zealand. We went through a very painful era in the late 70s when agricultural subsidies were removed, it ended a lot of farms that were unsustainable without them, with some farmers committing suicide and some very painful impacts on rural communities, but our agricultural sector is much the better for it. The fact that we can compete effectively in the EU and USA against subsidised and tariff-protected local farmers despite the tyranny of distance is an indication of it. Unfortunately, our current government is leaning towards indirect subsidisation of aspects of the agricultural sector via funding for irrigation works and omitting action on the environmental externalities of intensive dairying, but we'll never again be in a place where people are being paid just for owning animals or growing a certain crop. I'm not sure I understand what Obama had to do with anything? It's a parody of clickbait. Your comment is sneering and dismissive without any substance. Why is Maven bad instead of good, and what experiences do you have that lead you to that opinion? Germans do it, British people do it, Americans do it. Weird point. > what's wrong with building up a navy? Ask Taiwan and the Philippines how they feel about that. > that killed tens of millions of its own citizens China doesn't have that? It certainly had it. Germany's wind turbines and solar farms disagree. 30% of its energy is renewable. > What if you could approve ads, but block tracking? I'll allow you to insert some content into my pages that advertises to me, but I won't let you execute JavaScript to do it. The original tracking 'technology'. JavaScript free. > We've known for years that Ruby and Python are slow, but we were willing to put up with that. However, as we more and more turn servers into REST APIs that are supposed to deliver JSON to numerous clients, for many it is time to find an alternative. > You see a lot of competitors trying to fill this void. Some people are crazy enough to use Rust or Nim or Haskell for this work, and you see some interest in JVM based languages like Scala or Clojure (because the JVM actually handles threading exceptionally well), but by and far the languages you both hear discussed and derided the most are JavaScript via node and Go. Meanwhile the Java programmers just keep on delivering with Jersey, Spring, Restlet etc. etc. so forth. Less blogging, more doing. Come now, we have IDEs for that. But seriously, Java users are not stuck in the 1990s, even if your gibes at its expense are, so perhaps you should revisit it. :) Speaking as someone who works for a competitor to Google in the online advertising space, we take great comfort in how large and unwieldy Google's system is. It gives us opportunities and niches to target. Improve them how though? Speed? Reliability? If it's just a nicer API, that's all well and good, but until the key problems I face with Selenium are solved (slow and non-deterministic tests) then a nicer API to it is just rearranging deck-chairs on the Titanic. > It seems that you try to use selenium 2, or webdriver, in order to run your unit tests. Nope. Integration tests. But integration tests that start a Firefox instance from scratch and have to be rerun multiple times to pass due to non-determinism are slow. > What Kotlin still misses is somehow a good testing ability, to test it via Java Test Suites seems strange. Why? > I mean Maven really sucks Why? > Also these days a language needs Dependency Injection There's plenty of JVM libraries that provide it. Why does a language need to provide it? > Beyond that, we used to find ourselves in dependency hell with maven pretty frequently You'll hit that with Gradle, Ivy, Leiningen, SBT and Buildr too. > The biggest problem, imho, is that it's inflexible. You can't just (easily) throw in a bit of functionality or make an unusual tweak to your build. So, if you can't find an existing plugin to do what you need, you have to write it yourself. I'd also call that it's biggest strength. Maven POMs are only ever declarative. I've never hit a FOSS project using Maven that I couldn't build, but I've hit plenty using SBT or Ant that I had to tweak to build. > I've written a maven plugin, and the documentation/support was rather poor. I had the same experience with Gradle's DSL documentation, although having a look at it now, they've dramatically improved it since then. > Currently it sucks to write tests with JUnit while using Kotlin Why? > XML based Build Tool, I mean seriously? It should at least be somehow human readable. It's entirely human readable in my subjective opinion. At the very least, it's as human readable as HTML... > A language should need a sane integration of it, not the library itself. Any language which has constructors already has the best DI integration available. > When I was in the Navy, my ship visited Petropavlovsk during the summer and they were on UTC+13. That was weird to begin with, what with the theoretical limit on only twelve time zones each direction from Greenwich. New Zealand routinely goes to UTC+13 with the aid of daylight savings. Our business team are in Germany, so we have three different time offsets between us over a year as daylight savings in both countries come and go. > Scientists should not overload pre-existing English words to mean other things Why not? Because it confuses the overly-pedantic? > Generally, our code is shipped in compiled (executable) form (yes, I know that some code is interpreted). Customers get code that runs, not the code “as written.” That is for multiple reasons such as users generally only need to run code, not understand how it all gets put together, and the fact that our source code is highly valuable intellectual property (which is why we have a lot of restrictions on who accesses it and protections around it). Your JDBC driver IP isn't that valuable, just give me the damned source code so I can figure out why my Postgres copy out stream is blocking when I insert it into your copy in stream. /rant Kon-Tiki was interesting, but I can't handle the implication of Heyerdahl's beliefs - that the Polynesian people, supreme sailors and navigators who travelled huge distances across the open ocean while Europeans were still hugging the coast, were somehow incapable of sailing to South America and back. We know that there has been some contact between the Americas and Polynesia, for example, the staple food of the Maori of New Zealand was the kumara, a sweet potato, which are native to the Americas. His main objection was based, I believe, on predominating currents and winds. However, in an El Nino year, the currents shift and winds shift, and there is evidence that Polynesian migrations eastward coincided with El Nino events. Yeah, I'm well aware of that fact, on account of living in New Zealand. ;) I was directly responding to the person I, erm, directly responded to, who posted a link to Kon-Tiki. > I don't recall any evidence that they sailed all the way to the Americas We have obvious evidence of contact between Polynesia and South America before the 1200s, as the Maori arrived in NZ in the 13th century with a sweet potato, as I mentioned. As for "all the way to the Americas", the distance from Rapanui/Easter Island to Chile is less than the distance from the Marquesas Islands to Hawaii (which was colonised in the 10th century), or from Tuabai / Tahiti / Cook Islands (whichever identity of 'Hawaiki' you prefer) to New Zealand. So, we have evidence that Polynesians contacted the Americas sometime before the 13th century, and we have evidence that the Polynesians were capable of navigating distances greater than that from Easter Island to Chile in the 10th century. I'm not aware of any evidence of any similar ocean-going prowess of South American natives, as such, Occam's Razor probably applies. > Polynesians are definitely not "first South Americans" Who are you correcting? Certainly not me. I'm discussing which side of the Pacific drove the pre-Columbian contact. The obvious answer is the "sea-faring people who colonised islands across the vast distances of the Pacific Ocean". > "The distance from Rapanui/Easter Island to Chile is less than the distance from the Marquesas Islands to Hawaii", true. But since Polynesians reached Easter Island only in the 1200s, their conjectured sweet potato journey must have been either post 1200s, or much longer than the journey from Easter Island. They only settled Easter Island in the 1200s. There is ample evidence of Polynesian temporary occupation of otherwise uninhabited islands, such as Raoul Island in the Kermadecs, New Zealand's sub-Antarctic islands (Campbell, Auckland in particular), and Norfolk Island. Polynesian colonisation was largely driven by population pressure, so it's quite likely that they had discovered Easter Island long before they decided to colonise it. > Super alternative conjecture, maybe some people during the glacial age, beneficiary of low ocean levels, brought it to the islands, and Polynesians picked it up from there? Occam's Razor definitely applies, especially when you'd have to drop the sea level by several kilometres to have a lower ocean level make any difference to travel to Polynesia from America. Highest mountain on earth is Mauna Loa, in Hawaii, 9km from bottom to top. There's evidence of Polynesian visitors to Norfolk Island, so it's entirely possible they went further afield, but in terms of the Maori doing it, it's less likely - once the archaic Maori arrived in New Zealand, and saw its abundant feathered protein, ample natural resources and space, their culture lost their ocean-going expertise reasonably quickly as it adapted to the very different environment of NZ - even when travelling between New Zealand's islands, Maori tended to use waka which were designed for lakes and rivers rather than the open ocean. Which makes the journey of the Moriori's ancestors from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands in the 1500s even more amazing. No worries, if you ever get interested in the history of the last populated landmass, I really recommend this book by one of our pre-eminent historians: http://www.penguin.co.nz/products/9780143567578/penguin-hist... > The title of this thread is "First South Americans Were Australian Aborigines", just making sure we are all aware that this sub conversation concerns a different population at a different time. Might as well throw in some Vikings ;) Fair enough. > Super interesting point about evidence of Polynesian travel in New Zealand. Now if there were some of that evidence with regard to South America, we'd be all clear. But there isn't as far as I know, which raises even more questions about the sweet potato conjecture. It would be rather easy, presumably, for the evidence of transitory usage to be destroyed or at least rendered indistinguishable by several hundred years of settlement. We have that problem in NZ - Maori legend speaks of the greate explorer Kupe who found New Zealand (Aotearoa) and returned to Hawaiki to bring people back. Nearly all Maori tribes claim to descend from an original migration canoe (waka) from Hawaiki - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Māori_waka However, archaeologically, we can't really tell where they, or Kupe the Great, specifically landed first - we can date earliest settlements, but how would you distinguish evidence of temporary occupation from evidence of permanent occupation? So yeah, I would speculate that any travel to South America from Polynesia would probably have transited via Easter Island in the first instance - especially as it used to have dense forests before the Polynesian induced deforestation - thus making it an ideal staging post for resupplying by fishing and hunting, and providing materials to repair your canoes. > With regard to the glacial maximum, nobody is claiming the oceans were plains to roam around. But a sea level 100 lower may uncover some new islands and make island hopping a whole lot easier. For example, Baral Guyot is a barely submerged island https://earthref.org/SC/SMNT-257S-0866W/ along the Sala y Gomez ridge and Nazca Ridge. That is a very good point, I was only thinking Bering Sea-esque 'land bridges' and didn't consider seamounts becoming islands. > Obviously there is no archeological confirmation of the conjecture I made, but that leaves both conjectures in the same uncomfortable spot. The chicken DNA hypothesis needs more investigation IMO. Although it still leaves the question of the 'navigators' vs the 'navigees' unspoken. Who knows, maybe I'm manifesting extreme modern privilege and ignorance by assuming that seafaring was extraordinary to the Polynesians in the 10th century. It may well have been that contact between Polynesia and South America was driven from both sides mucking about in boats and having a great time. I guess I'm being a bit defensive of the Polynesians who were summarily dismissed by Heyerdahl - I hesitate to call him racist, but he overlooked what I consider to be an extraordinary amount of persuasive evidence that the Polynesians could easily have made the trip. > This places the sweet potato travel around 1000 AD, which matches pretty well our conversation, but it's definitely not evidence for "first americans". It's an interesting time for it to arrive - Hawaii was settled in the 900s, so we can speculate that population pressure (or perhaps food pressure?) drove a wave of exploration and migration from Polynesia. Tying it all together :D Some of those explorers found Hawaii, and some of them found kumara and Mapuches. :D > It's nowhere near the 200 thousand packages in npm It's also nowhere near the massive FOSS ecosystem that runs on the JVM. Is it even recursing in the tail position though? Reading the code it looks to me like the recursion result is used as an argument to a subsequent function call (append). > Clojure is not a Lisp I keep seeing people make this statement, without any explanation of why. To me, hardly a heavy user of other Lisps, but with enough time spent in Common Lisp and Scheme to have an idea of what's going on, it feels pretty lispy. You can use the recur special form to enforce recursion from the tail position in Clojure. > they wanted to price it high enough so people who had no business buying one didn't. All they did with the high pricing was make it a prestige item, like Singapore's car licensing costs - they've made driving a car far more of a prestige thing. Are the details of Maxmind's algorithm available to you? I'm wondering what factors increase risk. Roundabouts are great, dependent on traffic flow. If you have large amounts of traffic moving in one direction, it will prevent traffic flow from the direction that has to give way to it. In New Zealand, we use a lot of roundabouts, but often congestion easing requires replacing roundabouts with traffic lights to merge two incompatible streams of traffic. > Spring binding Not sure what in particular you're referring to, but Spring supports constructor based dependency injection, and I tend to insist upon it vehemently - getter/setter injection means that you can instantiate your object in an invalid state. If you have required parameters in a Builder, you're doing it wrong. What would you use instead of an IDE? Learning Intellij is a lot easier than learning Vim or Emacs. Well, once a Stream has been consumed, you can't use it again. We have a rule of thumb in my team that our APIs should not consume or return Stream or Optional. I like Clojure, but anyway to make it start faster in a scripting context? I wrote the same script in Clojure and Kotlin, and the Kotlin one loads so much faster. Cheers mate :) > Very little of Apple's revenue comes from ads so they really have no need for the infrastructure However, they wish to carefully control the advertising on iOS, if you want to uniquely identify a user for retargeting purposes, well, tracking cookies are evil, but iAd is good! https://developer.apple.com/iad/my-audiences/iad-my-audience... Small and faint? Looks fine to me? http://imgur.com/g6Ue5Fj > They're only loaded once. No requests for subsequent usages. Are you sure? Typically a tag pointing to a cached script will still trigger a conditional GET. I drive a Toyota Cavalier, which was built by Chevrolet to sell to the Japanese, who didn't buy them, so they all got exported to Australia and New Zealand. It really is an odd car with questionable build quality and some baffling engineering decisions - the boot/trunk wouldn't open, which turned out to be due to the unlocking mechanism coming loose - but it was only connected to the lock by a single plastic clip, the kind you normally find securing upholstery. Replacing it with a nut and bolt fixed that, but yeah. > My house is more than 200M from the road You expect UPS to have precise cöordinates for your actual dwelling building? They will tie your address's location to the road your driveway departs from. > Once I talked a client into advertising a position themselves. The signal-to-noise ratio was appalling and sorting through the flood of applicants took days. Some cover letters were tragic, begging in broken English “I fast learner, my family starving, England less shooty, pliz you help us move?”. Bah, you can rant without resorting to racist aping of ESOL speakers. Especially when the odds are good that the author only speaks one language. It strikes me that there's a reasonably simple metric that can be applied, if you presume biodiversity to be good, and human induced extinction to be bad. If you do, then the value of a feral's cat life is far lower than the value of a threatened native Australian mammal's life. As for the non-lethal vs. lethal, it's all well and good to propose it, but I'd take such proposals a lot more seriously if you had a way of funding it. Conservation is always underfunded by government, so if you want to change how it's done, Morrisey, put some money on the table. The same holds true for the usage of 1080 ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sodium_fluoroacetate ) vs. using more humane lethal methods - trapping and shooting are far more expensive to administer per square hectare. > I have no use or sympathy for those people for whom ignorance is a choice. He said, without irony, to end a rather ignorant rant. You're kidding, I hope, if not, try visiting some non-US jurisdictions and see how they do it. The US has very weak protection for employees - the "At-will" employment practise being a striking example. > it was known by the British navy that lime juice prescribed to sailors on long voyages prevented scurvy. Lemon juice. They switched to limes in the 1860s. http://idlewords.com/2010/03/scott_and_scurvy.htm > So when the Admiralty began to replace lemon juice with an ineffective substitute in 1860, it took a long time for anyone to notice. In that year, naval authorities switched procurement from Mediterranean lemons to West Indian limes. The motives for this were mainly colonial - it was better to buy from British plantations than to continue importing lemons from Europe. Confusion in naming didn't help matters. Both "lemon" and "lime" were in use as a collective term for citrus, and though European lemons and sour limes are quite different fruits, their Latin names (citrus medica, var. limonica and citrus medica, var. acida) suggested that they were as closely related as green and red apples. Moreover, as there was a widespread belief that the antiscorbutic properties of lemons were due to their acidity, it made sense that the more acidic Caribbean limes would be even better at fighting the disease. A warmer gas can hold more water vapour. If it's started snowing more in Antarctica (a reasonable assumption if the continental ice mass is increasing), that doesn't contradict a slightly warmer global climate at all. Yep, Axel Springer have been pushing it across all of their content sites. I'm disappointed with the people who are down-voting this comment, as it's, in my opinion, informative and provides a reasonable summation of the differences between Kotlin and Scala. I'd ask people who disagree to put their disagreement into words. So what, in the above "wall of text", is wrong about Scala or Kotlin? You're not telling what was incorrect, just that the author is _always_ incorrect, which strikes me as hyperbole. > Maybe just check the responses from the last fifteen dozen times? It's not that hard. So you have no valid criticism of the present statement then? Good to know. You're strongly objecting to what he's saying now , but you can't tell me what is incorrect in what he said? Which strongly suggests that you're objecting to the person saying it, not the said. That Self Control app is good for me, thanks! Exactly. 1) is usually already catered for (for some hours, at least) with battery backups at the cell towers, and as for 2), only building capacity not needed 99.9% of the time will fix it. During the Christchurch 2011 earthquake, the cellular services were taken down immediately by several hundred thousand people simultaenously trying to ring loved ones. Luckily the payphones were still operational to an extent - you couldn't call within Christchurch, but calling to locations outside of Christchurch worked. It took about 8 or 9 hours for the backlog of SMS messages to be delivered on the day of the quake. What's Abmahnungen? Ah yep, yeah I've heard about the profitable business of extorting torrenters. Germans just use American torrent boxes and VPNs. Excellent question. It's the "incredibly" that is tripping people up on that statement, I suspect. I personally love the pipe operator in F#, and use the Clojure threading macros in much the same way - it removes nesting, and it makes logic flow more obvious > His father bribed an INS official Did you even read the article mate? > To get our green cards expedited, we paid $45,000 for legal services, fees, and documentation for the three of us to an immigration brokerage service. It was a herculean sum of money for poor immigrants like us, but the American immigration system was hopelessly complicated and confusing. This was my first experience with how expensive lawyers could be. His broker may have bribed the official, but his father most certainly did not. > 45k for an "expedited" green card, in 1995? 3 expedited green cards. > Come on, you know something shady is happening at that point. Based on what, his extensive experience of the US immigration system that he obtained in South Korea? > type JavaProgrammer struct { > } > func (j JavaProgrammer) Speak() string { > return "Design patterns!" > } shrug At least our language designers trusted our intelligence enough to implement generics. Why would you settle in court when you were innocent? I consider agreeing to a settlement to be akin to a statement of guilt, but you don't? Why not? How do you then regulate players in the economy to ensure that the harm to society caused by unfettered business is minimised? > It's not unreasonable to choose death over living under an unjust and corrupt regime You presumably live under the same regime, yet here you are, breathing and posting. Not at all rushing into gun barrels? What gives, man? > I'm assuming you've never had a helpless moment where you truly felt powerless. In that moment, even death seems preferable to a life where you are helpless. Don't extrapolate yourself to others. I have been in that situation, more than once, and it only ever imbued me with a ferocious will to live. > English juries tend not to convict people for rape. [Citation needed] Oh God. I travelled to Newcastle to meet friends and went out on the town on a Friday night. My big mistake was waiting until 10:30pm to depart, because nearly everything was closed or getting ready to close at midnight - Newcastle's "favourite cocktail bar" was unable to make any cocktails. I'm from Christchurch, and we have a better nightlife than Newcastle, and our CBD got smooshed by an earthquake. Oh God. I travelled to Newcastle to meet friends and went out on the town on a Friday night. My big mistake was waiting until 10:30pm to depart, because nearly everything was closed or getting ready to close at midnight - Newcastle's "favourite cocktail bar" was unable to make any cocktails. I'm from Christchurch, and we have a better nightlife than Newcastle, and our CBD got smooshed by an earthquake. > I can't see one for Kotlin. You can't see a future for a language that offers far more succinct code than Java, but maintains the ease of Java? It's a trivial conversion from Java to Kotlin, as opposed to Scala or Clojure, so I wouldn't expect people to be hiring explicitly for it. And the fact that 1.0 RC was just released this month might tell you other reasons why. How many Scala jobs did you see advertised when 1.0 was released in 2004? When my wife and I were under severe financial pressure in the early years of our marriage, her father spent several hours subjecting us (well, her in particular) to an intense sales pitch about how much money we'd make selling Melaleuca ( https://www.melaleuca.com ), a MLM he was involved with. My wife was insisting we sign his contracts, because it would be so easy to recruit only X people (I think it was 3 or 5, I can't quite remember) where X was the minimum number of recruits needed for you to earn your "passive income" from their sales. I had to take her aside, and write a short Python program to show that after seven generations of recruitment, the entirety of our country would be selling Melaleuca to each other. I still bear a grudge against her Dad for targeting us during a very vulnerable time. Mate, you've got to stop taking the social media hype at face value. I remember desperately trying to learn Haskell during my pedagogical years because all of /r/programming was talking about it. Clearly it was the next big thing! In the end I decided that I enjoyed F# more, but since then neither language has been anywhere close to relevant in my career. I write my back-ends in JVM languages, because the JVM is performant for my use cases, and the ecosystem is very rich. I'm currently liking Kotlin as a better Java, and I dabble with Clojure for fun. Oh, and I can't resist having a jab at the ol' Go-has-no-generics thing. Go has no generics, which leads to type-unsafe upcasting to interface{} or copy and paste. Both of which are shite. I write my data science code in Scala (on account of how that's the nicest Spark API, although the Python one looks good). Yep, JS for the front-end when you're doing heavily dynamic sites, but if it's a slightly-less-than static CRUD site? Django is ideal, free CRUD interface, no fucking around with the tool and fad filled hell-hole of modern JS development. (I must admit to some hypocrisy because despite the above statement, I quite like React). > I would not be surprised to hear about relationships being destroyed, people being crippled emotionally, living in shame and depression, etc. over a gaming addiction and the consequences, just as we know classically comes from alcohol addiction. So no, it's not a meaningful choice, I wouldn't wish either on someone. There are very real and very severe physical effects of alcohol addiction, so the two are in no way comparable. A Candy Crush addiction is most equivalent to a gambling addiction. I agree - Kotlin is gaining momentum in hype. Give it a couple of years and we'll see how it actually moves. Ceylon does not do Java interop as well as Kotlin does, IMO. > I reject the GP's and your implication that gaming addiction is almost benign Yeah, that's why I compared it to a gambling addiction. Because gambling addictions are well known for the mildness. It's a very easy Python script to write, and I wanted her to see the numbers get larger and larger. > I can't help but think that person is of the lowest intelligence. Oh no! Someone has an opinion you disagree with! Clearly, they're stupid. > Computing with units (which is tough to put in a language, but so is compilation F#'s units are nice. > Computing with dates in a sensible way The new Java time API is pretty good. But honestly my favourite datetime API would have to be Postgres'. > BigDecimal for currency, let me laugh Out of curiosity, why? ...and? True, but it can do, if you set precision etc. Sorry, could you please clarify? So is it in Google or in the bank that people speak up to management? And what is the Memegen (and its flaws) you refer to? I google it and find a bunch of meme generators. IDEA's Maven and Gradle support is pretty good. I haven't had to use any Maven plugins to generate project files for an IDE since IDEA 7. But yeah, mvn and gradle are the definitive, the IDE support is a nice to have. As opposed to... what we do? > Personally, I don't That's more on you than the OP. It's hardly an unknown phrasing. > 60 years ago, we didn't have highways. What? > 30 years, we added fuel injection, computers, and airbags. But we knew about them for a lot longer than that. Fuel injection was used in aircraft during WWII. But there's no shareholder value in acknowledging externalities, so most professional CEOs appointed by a board won't challenge immoral acts if it would contradict their mantra to "increase shareholder value". As a recently arrived member of the "C-suite", I find that the cult of maximising shareholder value leaves me cold. But ultimately, the shareholders pay the piper, so they can call the tune. I'd love to read more advice like this, especially about how the execs can be effective leaders and lead an organisation to a good culture. I have worked my way to a point where I can now call myself a Chief Something Or Rather, and I'm terrified that the Peter Principle is in play. While I am undertaking some training on governance and finance (which is really aimed at board of directors rather than newbie executives), it's overly formal and doesn't cover the implicit leadership challenges. Feel free to link to your own, better written, content then. > So the people who stand on their ethics are eventually replaced with people who don't, because the people who don't have better numbers and the shareholders only see how much profit was made, not why. Precisely. Cheers mate! So the current system optimises for sociopaths. I'd argue that good engineering is beautiful also. Hasn't hurt Java devs any. Although we have plenty of mirrors and no concept of unpublishing. Literal thought policing... > So it's a stretch to imagine that having the US government take on many more patients would lower costs. Sure, given your current system, it won't. So change your current system. A generalised hatred for the JS ecosystem, I believe. > Anything you want. Dependency management is taken care of by a simple `pip install flask`, or a requirements.txt. And what if I want to use multiple versions of a given library for my development? Suddenly I'm learning virtualenv... Yeah, back when I thought about this (I'll disappear, and _then_ my ex will be sorry! 19 year olds aren't overly wise) the plan was to disappear while tramping (hiking). Although making it authentic would be hard - you'd have to pick an area where it's too dangerous to thoroughly search by foot, if they can get in there with dog trained to find corpses, then they'll be able to discount the area - and you have to be able to leave sign that makes it look like you entered that area, but not leave sign that showed you exited. Footprints are the big one here, so my thoughts were to exit on deer trails in socks, carefully. There's also a few rivers I know of that have a reputation for keeping bodies - one of them[1] took my brother-in-law about five years ago and there's been no sign of him since. But, it's a bit harder to do that one and exit the river without anyone seeing you. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grey_River I did wonder why a website called "theparisreview" was discussing messaging, but hey, let's go with it. We have a reasonably distributed system. Localhost only ever occurs in a testing environment. 2 minutes isn't 70% of 5 minutes. It's only 40%. Yeah, nitpicking, I know. A programmer whose output is measured by LOC... Hmm, communities become less important as languages become more widely used. When was the last time you referred to the Java community, singular? Likewise, there's not a single JavaScript community, but there's a bunch of communities around specific tools and frameworks. As you'd expect. But I, when interviewing, expect good developers to be capable of learning new paradigms - the fact that they know nothing but node.js and node.js's ways is irrelevant, if they are capable of learning. The author has very low expectations compared to me. And I don't feel I've been proven wrong yet by any of the hires I said yes to. Hehe, as a slightly jaded participant in the advertising industry, I note that Chrome only breaks technologies used for ad-serving that Google's stopped using. That said, I'm glad they are doing this, because finally we can wean our advertisers off their document.write obsession. > I can imagine trying to be both iOS and Android developer would be about as insane as trying to be both .NET and Java developer. Why is that insane? Sure, your core APIs and tooling change, but software developers should be able to learn, and read documentation. Chances are, you're writing the same sorts of applications in both, and the same principles of good software development apply. Why would a Java developer be water in .NET's oil? Or vice versa? They're reasonably similar languages targeting similar niches. It's like saying that a Django web-dev could never move to a RoR job. I'm curious because I spent a few years self-learning .NET (C# but I love F#) because I was trying to get into the industry in a town dominated by .NET, and ended up being hired by a Java shop. My father was from Ulster, and I have a photo of him leading the marching band leading an Orange parade. I also have a confirmation certificate verifying that he's a good Presbyterian who "is loyal to the Queen and loves God"... I thought the ordering of monarch before deity was particularly telling. > On the memory side, doing development work I can hardly think of a time when 16GB was limiting on the RAM side I can, but then we're probably developing different things in different ways. We are very bloody worried, rest assured. And by that they mean an actual frigging day - I fly to Germany often from NZ and it's 25 hours at best. > I think the price of eating out is comparable though. Eating out is cheaper in Germany (if you weight prices relative to wages) than NZ. Can we not do that here please. :/ Average house prices in Christchurch just hit half a million, so it's not limited to Auckland and Q'Town, it's just that they were already crazy markets in the first place. I really like it when Russian oligarchs buy entire beaches here. :/ I fly via Dubai, 15 hour leg from Sydney to Dubai is the biggest hurdle. And while I've never experienced LAX, Dubai's crassness (who needs that many duty-free diamond stalls, really?) and very obvious classism isn't super appealing after that either. I'm a Kiwi and I don't get it either. We like to point to Australia and say "Sure, we've got racism, but have you seen those guys over there?" so, we're a thinking man's somewhat racist post-colonial society? Erm, cool? We really do, the amount of foreign money in our housing market is quite scary (China is prominent in the internal debates, but there's a lot of money flooding in from the UK also, not to mention all the cashed up ex-pats coming home), as locals are ultimately competing against the entire world for property. A capital gains tax or land tax would be a good idea also. But our incumbent government is very reluctant to do any of that. Some people would suggest that large donations from foreigners with financial interests here may have influenced their thinking, but in reality most of it appears to be catering to the Kiwi baby boomers who a) own a large proportion of the "investment properties" (did I mention no capital gains tax?) and b) are the largest voting bloc. As their perception of their wealth is intrinsically tied to property values, anything that would depress property value increases would be politically bad. Same reason we're not doing anything about the pending state funded superannuation crisis - we don't even means test the bloody thing, which means that millionaires and paupers alike get the same level of government money when they hit 65 - but touching national superannuation is political suicide. This does imply an onus on the non-baby-boomer generations to get more involved in politics and start voting way more than they (we) do. I'm also starting to think that five year terms instead of our current three year might be worth a shot, as our politicians are very much focused on short-term never the long. Depends on how you're setting it up. aws s3 cp --recursive bunch-o-data s3://some-bucket/ spark-ec2 --region eu-west-1 --identity-file s.pem --key-pair=spark --instance-type m3.2xlarge --slaves 40 -v 1.5.2 launch my-cluster Is significantly easier than making PG work easily at the 100GB scale in my experience. spark-ec2 is a script that ships with Spark to make it easy to set up a cluster in AWS. > A capital gains tax a good idea? No -- that would decrease market liquidity and make the problem even worse. Depends on the level. At the moment, the big problem is that nearly all of NZ's capital goes into housing - the significant tax advantages (no tax on your profits and LAQCs/LTCs) are one factor in this - inflating the price of living, and starving our businesses of capital to grow and actually be productive with. I'd ask you why it's a good idea for an economy that profit from running a company is taxed along wit the incomes of all your workers, but not the profit from trading houses - especially as a lot of our property investors are rolling by on the minimal amount of capital necessary - their debt is liquid more than their capital.