Here's to $10T by 2023 I think it matters more to be independent. And getting people's attention without truckloads of money is hard nowadays This doesn't really need to be debated. It's weird that there are no large-scale anti-aging projects going on in the world. The US has e.g. the BRAIN initiative, and EU runs the HBP (both with little revolutionary output) , but a large scale Longevity initiative has not been created. There is nothing "Dynamic" about a website like imgur.com or twitter.com or reddit.com. They are megabytes of javascript heavy and are things you check every once in a while, not things that change before your eyes. I find twitter's 'new tweets' popups annoying and in any case i refresh the page because it s already too heavy from too much infinite-scrolling Just think of the terrabytes of wasted bandwidth, there s like 60 spaces in those strings Common experiences and struggles make friends. Like in the army. This is true at any age,but more pronouned right after university because there is a huge slump in the friendmaking potential. We need more shared experiences. How can we help? just finished struggling with my bank's redesign, because apparently transations needs to be infinitely scrolled in chunks of 5 Heat Relatively small potatoes > that allow the rich to prevent themselves from being taxed by their home countries That is a big list of entire countries if you include legal persons in the definition What do we know about winner take all phenomena from biology? How do they work in a petri dish? I laugh when these "brave new age" practices find their way to academia, where they actively interfere with every step of the intentionally perpetually-unfinished, half-assed, single-use software that they make. But why are s/w developers worried? As long as tons of advertising money find their way into glorified blogs, they will get paid, no matter how much complexity they invent to justify their workload. and why is low budget bad any term taken from the 50% of diversity can fill that blank. i think they are referring to the cancellous but ostensibly tolerant culture yes that s a good example. "being proud to be black" is diverse, being proud to be white is not. There is definitely a level of doublespeak here, although i'm not sure if teens are really annoyed by it How is spotify going to avoid becoming another amazin? Not a surprise, but > A lot of people jump into the tenure track from outside of the tenure track, from industry for instance That would be surprising if significant likely. they do have extensive underwear and sex toy collections and their prices are very low compared to shops in europe that sell the same stuff way overpriced Well from the structure of our brain of course I 'm not sure why people call it burnout. People adapt and get bored, learning new languages is exciting the first 3 times, a horrible chore at 11. Any intellectually demanding job will lead to mental fatigue, but it s not like people are burnt, we do our best when we do exciting stuff. Many youtubers use youtube to reach out to friends or make friends. For younger generations using the media as antidote to loneliness is more common. Unfortunately all the media rot after a sweet period What is there left to do? none of us can know that Right now people are living a honeymoon moment for remote work , because it's not just remote, it's asyncrhonous. But as management is coming to terms with the reality of permanent remote, they will start using virtual tools that allow them to have a synchronous overview of what is happening. Something like working in second life or whatever zuck's Sims will look like. That shift to synchronous is going to make remote slighty more unpleasant (but still preferable) Young people are much more lonely and isolated. Partly demographic decline, partly culture. They have a longing for connection as always though, and they find it online Memetism, apes like apeing each other, it's why we have classes of all kinds Lol. The only links in the article are reddit, discord and ... Paul graham's tweets. So much for discovering new things What if he was a virtual teacher or 'life coach' 'risk perception' sounds like another name for fear. Maybe we ve proven to be good at preventing the wrong things. People expected a climate disaster but it was a pandemic instead Luck is something that can be improved > when crypto doesn’t have the protections of regular banking and investments Coinbase is not 'crypto' though. Nobody's coins go down if one exchange crashes, unless they are careless enough to leave them there. The real problem is that cryptocoins are hard to use , and so exchanges are used as banks (they shoudn't) . But that is something that tech can fix I 'd like to see airbnb move to long-term rentals. isn't that true for basically any website these days? spinner gifs are the trademark of this decade The four horsemen strike again. I think i 'll let this one pass. People should be inconvenienced enough to learn to use uncensorable platforms. my north faces have lasted more than decade and are easier to clean. other than that i do not understand anything from this video tl;dr: wordpress went from 41.2% to 42.9% in a year - undeniably shrinking i dont know if it means anything - the tech didnt go away what happened was tech was wildly profitable and became overvalued. tons of capital is invested in US tech stocks thats why compensations are through the roof. but the stock inflation did not reflect technological progress, but rather too much capital, both printed us dollars and foreign capital (europe has no tech sector worth investing in sadly). Companies seemed to care more about making bank from an IPO than making actual money. That is going to change now, and we ll have to see some actual moneymaking tech. It's also been at least 10 years now that HN is all about bloated frameworks that make tech dumb-proof but not more capable. i hope this will end now as well I don't know why i think it is a good thing that these ambivalent coins are being extinguished? It is catharsis to realize that bitcoin cannot be compatible and coexist with legacy fiat systems i m not talking about bitcoin but about "stablecoins". I think this whole shakeup is good for bitcoin Does twitter have a community? My use case for it is that of an RSS reader. I thought reddit was for community I will expect more people to mock this decade of extreme marketingspeak that was funded with fake money and fat investor pockets. The people doing the mocking will lead the next wave of tech growth No. A bunch of ultra-rich VCs were bored of having too much money and pumped up a crazy web3 thing. This was their "Squid Game" moment where they create the games and put millions of clueless kids to run like rats around their pyramid schemes. I somehow wish the VCs would lose their money instead of millions of kids. this came off as sincere, so congrats. Most of the things that offer us value are not paid for that. Most of the internet runs on PHP as a bootstrap user i agree yes, central limit theorem you dont only lose the ability to listen to something when your earbuds are dead , you also lose FM radio It's like mediterranean with skyscrapers 69 degrees? This is more sane than if it went through. If he really wants a microblog he can build it for $1b or buy substack. I guess we'll find out more at 6/9 bots are not fake, they can be useful accounts. I have one that still works, another kept being taken down so i stopped reinstating it. To say that twitter is ran by schoolchildren would be understatement As always, when things crash it's the best time to read the comments apple and google own all the phones in the universe i wonder if they have seen cities built with a plan I don't know, i want the web to be steered back to basics. The whole SPA thing should not exist, HTML is documents. Instead, native platforms should provide each of the widgets and UIs that the SPAs download in each and every page load. There's already a lot of tags for things like date and such. We should have more native support for all kinds of interactions in touchscreens too. After all they are not that many - after so many years only few kinds of touchscreen interactions have survived Then CSS needs to be trimmed down to basics too. Why is grid layout implemented in CSS instead of a tag, it doesnt make sense and is very hard to read. Then there's the browser, which has remained fairly consistent and provides lots of functionality for navigation that is generally OK and well understood by people. SPAs destroy that by building another virtual machine layer on top of it (my pet peeve is ?force_cold_boot=1) And then, why is WebRTC so complicated ? do we need to support all those codecs and nat traversal rules forever? Video communication should be as simple as adding a tag HTML should be readable by common people, they should be able to easily experiment with it, that's how the fun begins again I know mine has Would be too expensive Haha. Everything else proved to be a bigger disaster I don't think the reasons were good There s no use to fret about it. I think nature is telling us that IQ (or intelligence) is not needed. sorry folks you ve been optimizing the wrong thing Is there a method to dumb yourself down? asking for my smart friends wars were traded for "fragility". Antifragile empires make great wars, and i m not sure humanity wants to go back to that era. And why would conscripts try harder in 1975? What difference did it make? Another suggestion is that it has to do with the fact that this test is taken at a specific age. My very scientific hunch is that in the past few generations, adolescence was extended by decades, and the real problems in life started way later, while in 1975 people still married young EQ is definitely up. It got us twitter regression of the mean We all need to contribute to save Google from the dangers of nonrecord profits the short links from microsoft onedrive look shady to some people. To be fair https://1drv.ms/u/s!Acj5445VA?e=0QWl does look suspicious I think it's because of an ill-perception about what online forums are. They are not meant to be like real life, they are places for debate. When people debate they take stances that don't necessarily match their beliefs, and that's normal. Every online conversation is derailed because people let their emotions take over instead of remaining detached and treating it as a game. And while people can disagree impolitely, once they stand up from the table they are not going to kill each other. but it is almost lowercase logo, sans-serif, flat, how can it have failed? Nice try Elon, afaik twitter did disclose that they might be undercounting spam at 5% it s very hard to say anything about bots without IP addresses. The most active bots get sold / change subject etc. well if his science is SEO he seems to be good at it Revenue != Value It makes sense. The bots are just loud and tend to all follow the most famous people, so their numbers look larger when people look there I have a hunch a lot of people are not upgrading because there are no new phones under 6 inch now. i m stuck with S10 too (+ it has headphone jack) Disable animations and it s not really slow. Binance has ~10 times the trading volume with the same number of employees Very misleading. Cover their moustaches and you see the diffences. The pics are not even color. Nicolas was goodlooking It's kind of weird that Ian Goodfellow is "the Apple Executive Who Left Over Return-to-Office Policy" except he is too far from a typical "worker" Pity i see a lot of const $ = document.querySelector.bind(document); The more Jq goes out of fashion, the better it becomes, because it means it stops changing and you can rely on it for decades. The other framework that looks interesting is htmx He could be an entire orchestra not just a band yes He had an album based on Greek folk music (Odes, 1979). This is a cretan dance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hc9_qVAflzk Yes what remarkable, 'organic' sound. Also 'l'apocalypse des animaux' and his other early albums really. Despite being old synths, they still sound classic which one was it? It has to do more with being over 40. People respect age when there is a solid track record. I don't understand the anxiety about becoming complacent. Your age is the most frequent age at which people spin out their own startups It's not like you can't swim when naked I think the new trend should be #asynchronous work so everyone can fit work in their lifestyle in the optimal way > to eastern asian cultures and indian subcontinent where multi-generational families mean you're never really alone. It's high birth rates that create such culture. Europe and US are not comparable , and over time people will get lonelier and lonelier unless they decide to adjust their way of life around this issue and stop living with 20th century standards. Cities should be designed with the single-person in mind now, not the family > I have had the sense that my “real life,” the place where I belong and where there is no loneliness, is somewhere else out there in the world, although I can’t name or find it I found that virtual worlds like Second Life have a lot of old people. Those have been there for decades and their virtual friends are probably their most stable connection over time. Same goes for younger people who move around a lot and change friendships, loneliness leads them to seek virtual friends. I think that's why Zuck is interested in metaverse: Europe and Japan are already old, US, CA, China and the rich world will become old soon enough. Technology can provide a lot to people who can no longer travel etc. The market would if it wasn't so restricted And not all 20 y o are models. People with little romantic experience tend to fit better with younger women because women of the same age generally have more romantic experience For younger people loneliness is much harder. Having a partner/social creds is a social signal, and being lonely is seen as a negative signal. These are both self-reinforcing loops. In the case of lonely people, it often leads to permanent learned helplessness or rationalization of loneliness as a natural condition This is not going to change as long as loneliness is not talked about, and lonely people live in the closet. That s super annoying btw . Frankly video is best browsed like a traditional multi page listing, like how porn sites do it i dont get why they are difficult on mobile? inf scrolling is worse. Especially on android which has a back button everywhere. I think ppl should be more mindful of the megabytes of javascript that people have to download just to see a list of images yep. bitcoin has been, from the start, about replacing the whole fiat financial system, not interfacing with it, depending on it, and being regulated. what is the yield of solarwind in germany though? looking at their energy stats , it is underutilized https://energy-charts.info/charts/power/chart.htm?l=en&c=DE&... https://www.energy-charts.info/charts/installed_power/chart.... https://sminpowergroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Renewa... and what happens to that massive coal+gas infrastructure?Apparently , wind+solar don't work at night and you will always need the same level of coal+gas+oil when you go to some page and it downloads 10MB of javascript for starters, proceeds to show you spinning wheels for 9 seconds (sometimes with original messages such as " time to take the world"), then when it loads it jumps around for 12 seconds while the images are absolutely destroying the layout of the page, then it beeps some chat asks you if you would like help, but the only help you need is to dismiss so many popups ? ... that one. 1. They need 2-3x renewable capacity to charge 2. You need to buy the batteries What s the implication, that those who don't own are not free? When Everything is Grey but Nothing is Getting Read Love streetview through a VR headset. So many empty museums to see, so many places to visit around the world, except Germany They can make more profit if they don't need to pay artists This kind of business is like airbnb for entrepreneurs. Accounting is a big hassle for small devs > they enable illicit activity by making money transactions less transparent Given how the most heinous economic crimes of this century were done in official ceremony in broad daylight , maybe there is value to it. Academics are known in general for their controlling nature I mean, the public democratic decisions about finance may be catastrophic. People should have a recourse from the mismanagement of central governments. That's what other currencies do . I don't see why we should not have that optionality it does Dunno. But i think JS has actively harmed software development in the past 10 years. It's a bad language, designed and patched hastily that does not work well with humans nor machines. It took 10 years to allow having some form of synchronicity with promises, and that's just disguised callback hell. Callback depth is an inherent human limitation, because our working memory is very limited , so I consider JS a language that s unfit for humans and unfit for big projects. Silicon valley adopted JS probably because of ease of access to cheap developers. Pity there is not a serious competitor from another Valley because i think they could beat them with superior performance in just about anything. > This is particularly the case in rural locations and developing nations. Also in a conference / the train / the beach / driving / any crowded place / in space So they made a full circle ... back to taxis? But then Uber wouldn't be a Tech Company, they would be another lowly profitable company. 15. You milk all your signs from twitter He's right, but a bit late to the party I disagree. The internet is its own culture and it is absolutist. It has perpetuated a lot of falsehoods like, e.g. that popularity equates with truth and that damages people. It is not possible to pay for counterculture because cash has been replaced by the visa-paypal-apple-google cartel. The internet needs to meet its counterculture Taken over? That was their whole business from the start. > The UX redesign was hugely successful in attracting new users Is there evidence for that? But privacy regulation practically gave them their monopolies Having experienced similar, individualism is superior, it allows the person to develop to their fullest extent. There is a lot of infantilism that comes with a traditional way of life. They optimize for different things . Individualism: human progress and breaking the boundaries. Traditionalism: extending the family population I 'm hoping that one day it will become interesting again Also because it's like reddit but with older people. I don't understand why internet radio has died. Sure, spotify etc but broadcast music is different. Radio didn't die because CDs existed damn. i hope arcaeologists can use that to decipher old scripts it's enough to buy 1 album per month. of course it s not the same, but i don't like to listen to every cd ever. The rare times i really wanted to hear something i could pirate it. I still enjoy radio streams for the low mental overhead though, plus u get the news too nothing else actively promotes and engages with minorities as the academia does. If these people can't make it in that environment, i doubt they can make it in open competition. On of the 'good' things of academia being turned to a paperpushing administration exercise is that it's easy (albeit boring) to do that kind of job at any level. Some of these things can be done by anyone yet academia gatekeeps the academic creds for itself. E.g. anyone can do machine learning research, but you can't publish in a journal without being affiliated to a university yeah machine learning was not the best example because it does not depend on journal prestige, but pretty much everything else is the publication venue matters very much in most fields. it is rare exception when something is published elsewhere. the bulk of papers need to make it to goodish journals to be ever seen and considered when deciding about funding. Open access misses the target because it only replaces the publishing part, not the prestige part. Most academic code is crap so there is that. the coworkers will be very bad programmers, difficult to advance (you should always work with people better than you). Computational papers are not often appreciated. Too much talk and too many pivots , too little code, at least too little pleasant code-writing. Unless you have a lot of ego, you will be ignored. I am sure a lot of academic code would be written by the open source community, but alas , researchers are very stingy giving out their data To be fair, Remote Work is a direct competitor of Tesla > and not just be some faceless void that sends orders from email. No, even that, logically, does not make sense from an efficiency standpoint (assuming productivity is equal). Besides, if i were a factory worker i'd rather not have the boss over my shoulder She's abandoning the titanic Not necessarily a bad thing. The world is aging and old people have all the money Can't buy things without money though. And it seems studies show that people 50+ spend more do they really use FB? both. Otherwise, was there an overall increase in consumption? Too much marketing fluff around a minor resource optimization > because who wants to be on a marketplace or messaging app that doesn't have the most people? People who care about something, like, here? I think FB was a transitory medium for people who were not on the internet to discover what's out there. Most of them are going to end up in topical communities because the central market is too crazy First Facebook, now Turkey. At least Erdogan can claim that he literally expanded Turkey, and added diacritics That s quite the overreaction Isn't it easier to lay off people remotely? will the stop spending altogether? They ll spend on other things hasnt the pandemic been a much bigger shock than remote work ? Isnt that a permanent risk attached to teslas? which for most people is, the aspiration that they might need scalability The value was transferred to the companies who no longer pay that rent, no? 10k over a long period is very small compared to what one can lose in a casino night, and casinos do exist. What kind of game was your friend working on? Whales do exist but they are not the bulk of the revenue Why is that considered a lot? People pay more for e.g sports memorabilia I think the opposite. Currently there is very little remote work ecosystem, but there is a huge office ecosystem. With remote being now a very real option for so many people, businesses that facilitate remote work will spring up (helping people relocate, coworking, help with foreign workers, payments etc). Traveling hasn't even resumed, and as the pandemic is removed and the war ends, people will have more options to reconsinder where they want to live. Remote is also naturally self-reinforcing because partial-remote degrades the value of offices. is there evidence that any of the whales are kids? i guess there are exceptions , but most kids have a highly regulated budget, adults do not >Technology does not drive anything. It creates new possibilities for collecting and analyzing data, mashing ideas and reaching people, but people still need to be moved to engage and find practical pathways to act. The error is that people believed in one-click politics, because convincing people is a lot of work. The ones who benefit most from social media are autocrats. Take a look at facebooks transparency reports to see who runs bot farms against their own people - it's autocrats. Unfortunately fb gave them the tool of their dreams. Not anymore ... Is there an audio file format with teletext? I think the whole trend started because some vcs thought that their own voices were important and needed to be heard. Looked like a vanity sector overall Journalists do, because it makes their job easier. You can literally be called a journalists because you write long form articles about tweets. Journalists tend to obsess over their own profession and its tools Their keynotes are so corny. Like repainted 80s. And what's the obsession with that small rather bland round building 1. If it can fit in a phone it can more than fit in a laptop 2. Environmentally unfriendly plastic accessories and power consumption 3. The plastic strap will probably cost more than the built-in camera would birds migrate, humans travel to work, self-organization and herd behavior are very prevalent in nature > USB or Lightning This problem Why would they do that? At which point it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy? the phrase 'luxury beliefs' is over- and wrongly- used , but it is useful in the sense that luxuries are one of the first things to dispense during crises. Consciousness is not that mysterious. A model that has a representation of itself with specific constraints, along with a rationalization and explanation engines like transformers will look like a living, feeling thing to us. Biology is being automated by startups that are doing the experiments for you, AWS-style. Looks like software is going to be eating biology as well See that is a business opportunity. Soon you will see "Office simulators" opening up in your neighborhood, where you can enjoy a crowded crammed office with endless meetings and chatty employees over your shoulder. Special events such as life coaching, terrorist attacks, christmas parties, and random drama will make it an unforgettable experience for $20/day I wish the sector wasn't all about money and tried to solve real problems. Making a car for disabled people that is not autonomous but requires minimal intervention would make a lot of people Happy. Instead we make fail videos for YouTube what about go outside? A JS framework, not a web framework I understand the reservations about how to find a suitable source of charging, but consider that these vehicles may be charged by lightnings Workforce size correlates with price of Bitcoin Coinbase operates under the protectionist policy of the US and still only has 1/10th of the volume that Binance has (with the same amount of employees). I never got what the fuss is about Coinbase compared to all exchanges, except for the "silicon valley bro" angle When the screen is narrow, the designer chose to just hide the date of the video. It's a major inconvenience Academia is a despotic, anachronistic system. There needs to be a movement to break education and research out of academic institutions. There are enough online resources to provide free education to anyone who wishes it, and nobody should have to pay for a degree (instead; students should be paid; it's in the interest of society). Funding and licensing of science needs to open up to anyone who desires it, in order to become productive again. The current system is optimized to create busybodies who oversell their work for a few years before dumping it and moving on to their next scam. Postdocs are victims of their own delusion that working in academia is somehow superior to working in any other way. It's simpler than that, it is all about incentives. Science can happen even in the trenches of war, or by random employees in a patent office. Engineering needs resources and conerted efford. But when the incentives have nothing to do with science itself but rather with the struggle to keep all the PhD people employed, you end up with paper-mills and grant-harvester PIs. There s also a degeneration of the science culture due to so much self-promotion. Whatever happened to humility? Engineering projects like Apollo or Manhattan succeded by taking the theory invented by a few madmen and making the entire effort to the end product. Instead we now have projects like the Human brain project (EU) and the Brain initiative that don't seem to have a defined goal, and no clear incentives. The HBP used to be about building an artificial brain, as ambitious as it sounds. Instead, petty politics and meddling led to the project becoming a project salad with very little to show. AFAIK the Brain initiative has not done better. The article itself is another example of weak incentives. We don't need to invent another field called "progress studies" in order to make progress. That's only making the problem worse. Also apotropaic. My fav is a fascinus cumming on the evil eye from Leptis magna you were not distracting yourself in HN. Thiel was an early believer that democracy is incompatible with freedom. And popular social media proved it even more right by making people believe that what's popular is truth, and then manipulating what s popular. It was a mistake from the start to believe in it. I hope he gets back on his libertarian roots and quits changing the world through democracy. They don't exist. Education has to go virtual consciousness is the worst idea ever. a confused word, that nobody wants to define so they can play games foraver. Ban the word consciousness from philosophy if you want progress I m really glad they are trying. The Quest2 is the most innovative product in tech in a looong time and FB isn't even a hardware company. Beating Apple to it is a big feat. But VR is not going to be a wide success, it will be a really nice 360 image viewer for when those cameras become popular and cheap. It has its place , but it is obstructive. And it cannot become a status symbol, which imho is a big driver behind iphone sales I use it very often to view google streetview. Static images don't cause nausea. I think i ve already gotten enough return for my investment and they keep shipping new updates all the time (last one was quite buggy). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJg02ivYzSs I think all students should be paid, it s entirety logical. It would massively rearrange education, from school to university This question has been addressed more than decade ago by people like Harel Shouval and Nelson Spruston. Notice the resulting form of STDP which is not quite what is seen in experiments (Whether STDP is a fundamental plasticity rule, or if it even happens in vivo is another question that has been debated). There are a lot of plasticity models proposed, this is another one. Good, but we actually need more experimental data in order to tame the beast. This is old, does not include Biogen's drug. The evidence is inconclusive not negative. That trial was halted but later restarted. There is some evidence that it works, and this is better than any other potential treatment which has not shown any evidence. And alzheimers is a fatal disease Why do people want to read faster? You can also write tersely. Or not overload yourself with useless information The VR metaverse is not going to take off, although their devices are nice. Strapping a blindfold on face is not very tolerable, and it's not a device that makes you look cool to your friends. But zuck is right that people (Especially genZ) will use gaming and virtual worlds for their social life. Real life is too busy , disconnected and probably economically much harder than before. The virtual one is better, richer and permanent. My guess is he believes that the world is ready for Second life to go mainstream, and he's building the "whole world" version of it. I have to say he s off-track currently, too much focus on VR. Their avatars really suck. But they'll get there eventually When things like these happen, a rehash of ancient internet idea presented as new again, makes me feel very sad, like the internet is old and dying or sth. I understand it's all about UX etc now , but i wish twitter's competitors did not just copy but instead tried to make their audience a little bit smarter. If the UX is not dumb-proof, you might not get hordes of users, but at least the ones who are there will have a bit of brains. I think HN auto-removes "how" from titles who is going to attack america, the Ocean? Programmers are fine when their creations, pretty much all of tech, resells content that other people wrote for free, but no, not code, that one must be expensive i m very happy for you but this is about abortion, a right that every civilized person should enjoy. i m not even american but this is bad I can only laugh at the absurdity of the situation. Cryptocurrency was invented specifically to liberate people from the allseeing eyes of governments. The long tail is always temporary - a cambrian explosion followed by a bottleneck that picks the winners, and the next cycle begins So more discrimination in favor of seasoned employees to come Participants in the study were on average 75 years old. A lot of armchair scientists in the comments. It's quite striking effect but why is it published on IOS press? Looks like there might be more worth exploring in that dataset. What are the ways in which their result could be an artifact? > At that point it must have been normal to react to these 'issues' with this much aggression. Not really, all empires were multicultural, e.g. russia, but while the Bolsheviks went to war, they did not genocide them. The modern state of turkey otoh is the result of 3-5 genocides, not one. Britain did not go on to genocide indians because it wanted their land you are right it s the worst example. Imagine if the british, french, spanish, portuguese went on genocides in order to keep their colonies, and we justified that 100 years later because "it's what they did at the time". The whole point of the nationalist movement was emancipation and the creation of new countries for former empire populations. I m sure some hacker has them Easily replaceable I use a simple reception chair. Its comfortable for a bit, then my butt hurts. I have to stand up. The trick is to be able to switch easily from sit to stand, so you never think twice about it. I don't think it's funny, it's sad, and i think it s fueled by overvalued tech sector that no longer seeks to innovate but is stuck rearranging the chairs. I can offer the major redesigns of pretty much any online service lately as an example of making an app at times worse than it was before, just for the sake of change. As a (bad) side-effect, people have stopped creating amateur websites, because it's hard. HTML was easy and fun, and everyone wanted to create their own geocities monstrosity. I'm looking at modern web constructs like WebXR with disbelief: How is it an hypertext standard if it doesnt even involve html tags (it's just a rehash of openGL , but in JS??). Why dont we make it easy for people to make quirky stuff anymore? you can't because everything you might want to embed/add now asks you to either use npm or something of the sort. I can't even find ways to 'just' download JS in libraries lately. In my example, suppose you wanted to add a 3d panorama with a-frame (easiest way), here is the installation: https://aframe.io/docs/1.3.0/introduction/installation.html I just look at the installation instructions https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/ easier than HTML, that a lot of people learned in school and with which people interact daily? no The mobile web does need a rethink. Imo, 'responsive' designs can be a mess that dont fit well to either desktop or mobile. There are really 2 use cases: mobile portrait mode and everything else - screens are big enough now that it doesnt make sense to have a tablet version. Second, we need to start using built-in browser inputs instead of downloading megabytes of JS to render something like a datepicker . There are now input fields for everything, but i rarely see them used (and the less they are used, the less willing will browser vendors be to fix them). The most outstanding issue are notifications and it just feels wrong to me that they all go through apple and google. E-mail could be a better mechanism for the kind of asynchronous, sporadic notifications that most websites need. If only there was a definite way to unsubscribe from a list and to have notification emails that auto-expire. What is happening with androids and apple devices in Russia, are they still functioning, and has it been considerer to cut them off? While EU leaders are often given credit for EU actions, in reality the burden of the sanctions, as well as their implementation was decided by member states themselves. It s telling that EU did not have a plan (and still does not) for the ensuing inflation, and countries like spain had to act individually when it hit them first. As for democracy in EU, i don't see it ever happening. In my mind the EU is a new kind of state (despite its horrible inefficiency), one that aims to work with process alone and not politics, and which can thus survive post-politics (in a way the US cannot). Given time, i would expect the commission and parliament to be replaced by AIs. It never ends. The goalposts will be moved from youtube to patreon, from patreon to visa (this has already been done), from visa to web hosts, from hosts to DNS registrars etc etc. The problem is the mob itself, not its means. The somewhat-bulletproof solutions would involve blockchain Developers are end users too > allowing sideloading is like allowing chemical weapons to be used in war. yes, it is exactly like that. Millions of people who download .exe to their compuyters every day are doing chemical warfare it will be a ~10% drop of their profits maximum . They have nothing to fear, and have been engaging in these shenanigans just because they can Despite their popularity, tolkien's works were considered simplistic and juvenile. And tastes do vary, but the books aren't particularly great infosec, like defense (stuff like the internet and apollo missions) are how humanity progresses. Power plays always keep us behind how do you make 360 images from GTA? Didn't you have dreamweaver or frontpage to do that? And Flash if you wanna show off? Stupidity is the wrong word, imperfection perhaps. All scientists must feel stupid , but there is a culture of polished, perfect research that is mostly fake, like all perfect things Now that we agree that nuclear is a better future, we need to talk about where to source fissile materials, and what technologies can make it so safe we won't have to think twice. Lecun's post is not even a paper as stated in the foreward of the paper. But thanks for bringing it up, i will read it > This document is not a technical nor scholarly paper in the traditional sense, but a position paper expressing my vision for a path towards intelligent machines that learn more like animals and humans, that can reason and plan, and whose behavior is driven by intrinsic objectives, rather than by hard-wired programs, external supervision, or external rewards. Many ideas described in this paper (almost all of them) have been formulated by many authors in various contexts in various form. The present piece does not claim priority for any of them but presents a proposal for how to assemble them into a consistent whole. In particular, the piece pinpoints the challenges ahead. It also lists a number of avenues that are likely or unlikely to succeed. This is not even contestable. Google and FB took the advertising money from everyone else. Businesses still pay (and always have) the same % in advertising, only it's 2 monopolies now instead of thousands of media. https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rachel-Soloveichik/publ... There is no such thing as 'blunt' or sharp weapon, the market shows that all advertising has some efficacy (around 1% but nobody knows how much precisely). Internet advertising did not increase overall consumption, thus it is not more effective than the sum of previous media. Anyway the biggest trick BigTech played was not that it hypnotized the masses, but that they convinced advertisers that they are better than everyone It s not the same at all. You can make a blog post or an HN comment, or really anything and put it out there without following the rules of science journals. This is the essentially a blog post in PDF Anyone who had a passing interest in ANNs in the 90s would not miss Hinton or Sejnowski or older work of Rosenblatt or Kohonen etc. They are a different league. TBH i did not encounter schmidhuber or bengio or lecun (the latter only in passing) > get to miss out on other things we could have invested millions/billions into. Things like the internet, space flight, nuclear power etc? Unfortunately, defense spending is so successful and brings high rewards exactly because there is a strong motivator behind it. I am very very very doubtful the same amount of money would have high return of investment if it was instead given to cookie-cutter science grants. And what will be google 's business? That's why AI will replace him Twitter was not up for sale so he cannot have had buyers remorse 'why' matters only if it helps fixing it. People who attempt to fix the internet usually want to make it be more about them I don't know if there is a way to measure it, but there is a big increase in spitefulness in online conversation. I 'm not even sure it is driven by karma-hunters because it seems people care less about it, but there is a desire to publicly display antisocial behavior. Maybe because antisocial is more tolerated now? Bad faith is the driver. It's probably a majority of people now who respond in bad faith. They assume that everyone is talking in bad faith, probably to justify their own bad faith. Maybe it represents a broader shift in attitudes. That's also why humor and sarcasm are not tolerated, because people assume bad faith behind it. This was markedly different in the 90s and 00s where any joke was allowed and the intent was always assumed to be humor. I think in the 90s it was more about standing out. and being provocative if possible , since there was very little that was off-limits Actually, Tesla's got Electrolytes, quite literally it's useful that he bases his analyses on demographic trends , but linearly extrapolating into the future is not a good way to predict. People are adaptable , and nonlinear. The current year is already interesting and i believe no-one will foresee the adaptations of the next 10 years I'm not holding my breath that the kind of businesses registered on the cayman islands will close down in ethical protest. More likely they ll lobby americans to look away is the glare real? (and why is it hexagonal). Are the smudges due to gravitational lensing or motion? You mean white noise > watch developers wrap their heads It's still baffling why businesses wouldn't want employees to work from home This story is BS, its an 100% pump for 15 minutes in both graphs for what seems to be a tiny amount of money. His friend probably spent way more for those billboards. This is much easier to do with sending a message to one of those discord "pump groups". Go to any altcoin in binance that has some, but not a lot of daily volume, and you will see the same patterns multiple times a day ... or the price of the world's most capitalized company it doesnt need to be 10x linear extrapolation, it just has to have 1 extra dimension. The decentralized dimension will never work however, because it is always illegal. Otherwise, gnutella, bittorrent, bitcoin, ipfs all could have become a decentralized "social network", aka "the n-th iteration of gopher/boards/forums" > can be much more profitable than a centralized network. The money comes from advertisers, not from users or views. Advertisers perennially spend the same amount (~1% of GDP, barring periods of war) to advertising companies. The pie is not expandable and is eaten by google and FB. I'm concerned about the low level of neuroscientific knowledge in the general population. This is just an example, "humans generally use only 10 percent". There is no "human" who "uses the brain", the brain is the human, or rather the human is in the brain. Due to a high level of societal and political inertia we are indiferrent to facts of the brain that affect our biases , memory, ethics and judgement. This will become a problem the more we understand (and manipulate) the brain. reddit doesnt care. there are some kind of words, like proper nouns (technology, politics) and country names which simply cannotbe substituted, not only because people go there , but reddit used to auto-subscribe users to their country's subreddit. Yet they have the same moderators for 15 years. And there's a lot of incest, with moderator teams recruiting one another. It's almost a shame that so many people are wasting their time trying to fight a system run by crazy people. I think reddit is really making itself obsolete these days and it's a good time to launch a new boards mega-site Nah, the person is a representation that is aware of itself, and requires a sort of neural network ,neural density and interconnectivity, that simply does not exist in peripheral sensory systems. People do not communicate with video (except the deaf). We communicate with voice and text. Try muting your computer and disconnecting your keyboard https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peripheral_nervous_system Because everything will shift to the web , for the Nth time Passing the hot seat to the brits What's the copyright situation for images from dalle/imagen? Ancient DNA is one thing not mentioned and it has exposed a lot of those imaginary narratives about grand population invasions etc. Agreed. Housing is as basic a need as food. Either end food subsidies and make farmers rich, or deregulate housing Who should be in charge of Unity? what took so long Agree. It's not like their opinion matters so much to me that i m dying to read it. If it's bad news, i will learn about it sooner than later anyway, if it's good news, the same. Maybe after years of pavlovian conditioning i ve desensitized to it. Especially when it's from the BBC (paid already) or sky news (they used to have their youtube channel open). It doesnt cost anything, but they still do it I wonder if people actually do work other than "using" these products all day. > In older societies, Which ones? England and some north europe maybe. It's not an important thing really in most old societies. In fact british classism looks outdated and cringe to me. Everyone says that american dream is not true, yet america keeps attracting the world's most ambitious people. Those people can't be all stupid - it's not an illusion. It's great to see Dall-e being put to use in blog posts Most likely the former. There are a lot of people who are considered by others to be very high in hierarchy, yet they are antisocial and don't want much to do with other people. Many of them are scientists. Apple ads have always been popular. Their marketing surpasses that of fashion, cars etc. Oh boy this reminds me 7:26:28 up 622 days, 12:39, 1 user, load average: 0.30, 0.31, 0.32 There's a time for everything. Cinema was so '60s , the glamour, the star system, music was so '80s-90s, we ll save the world with music. That's old history now, the human reward systems have adapted. Nowadays it's probably shifting to a combination of porn/sex addiction sprinkled with hallucinogenics, as predicted by Aldous Huxley I think it's demographics. The 2 latest generations are such a minority and so dominated by older generations that they can't find each other, and their voices can't be heard or amplified you could have said the same in the 40s , 50s , 60s etc. A lot of new music was made in reaction to what was considered very formulaic old music. The current "thing" (which is gaming/virtual) contains cinema/tv and music, but does not replace them, in the same way that cinema did not kill music. The current "theme" however, is attention deficit. Artists dread the skip button or the scroll down and this has an effect in the type of music they make. If the Pink Floyd were releasing today, Shine On would not be 9 parts but 2 , a drum machine would roll after a few seconds, and white noise would be added to fill in the spectrum. It's a race for ears more than a demand to be heard You 'll finally be able to play real life carmageddon blender, if it ever manages to make a consistent experience. ableton, is sort-of-there but it could be less verbose PHP as a scripting tool , has everything fast Secondlife/opensimulator as gaming platform. Unfortunately too much legacy stuff and not enough innovation, but more open and hackable than others How is it wrong? And if safari does it without cookies, why not chrome? Chrome is used by 65% of people, safari ~15% ( TBH , unlike GDPR, this seems a lot more pragmatic and feasible considering the status of both companies as basically a duopoly, it will be hard for the US to object about unfair trade rules. Discord is like a graveyard. People don't really talk after the first day. Maybe they should switch from chat to forums, at least let it be searchable through Google Reddit is a single forum though, the same themes and banality on every subreddit, even same moderators. A community needs a bubble to grow in sophistication, and subreddits are too porous. Something like Mozilla Persona, easy login tied to an email, was the best solution imho What is the copyright situation of generated images? Porn is cheaper to make, and probably pleasant. But, fantasy porn is not. I can see it sparkling a revival of fantastic erotica I use bootstrap3 on multiple websites (because it includes glyphicons + jquery). Works fine. Generification is a thing Technically - yes. But it 's just that, a paper. Back then , people were chasing glory, not "the paper" because papers didnt matter, that s why so many of them were too short, unreferenced etc. Science was small and more personal. Now it's an impersonal industry and science is a product. Science gets a lot of underserved respect out of inertia, but it really is a big industry sector now. Quantum computers are a part of quantum mechanics that s more of a curiosity than something to be engineered at scale. There's so much more to explore in quantum mechanics outside computation that is not receiving commensurate funding. I guess it's because "computing" is what BigTech (who has the money to fund it) understands It must be the mafia. No other explanation are you in the USA ? Maybe that's USA related, and even if there is a trend, i dont think MS is threatened by MacOS. It's just a different user base. So many people i know who use macs, really get them for some weird perceived 'status' reasons, and they basically use MS office on them all day. Some of them actually run windows on their desktop mac. This is unfinished business. Too much public money turned tech to a festival of marketing, sales and monopolies in the past 10 years. Hopefully the current financial bottleneck will drive people to applications with actual impact. > Has software done enough for the long tail end of use-cases? COVID has catalyzed massive shift to online shopping and remote work, even in places and people where it would never reach for decades otherwise. > startups did any of them unseat the bigtech monopolies? Imho for many years "startup" = endless VC funding and valuation with no intention to make money Mexican labor I gotta be honest, considering how you still can't get 23andme health reports in europe because of regulations, i got my 30x DNA just in case this gets outlawed in the future as well. I ve been inviting people to try SL (opensimulator, the open source version of SL) and most people actually like 3D worlds. Many people don't even know these things exist because their mainstream experience is mobile games and flat websites. But SL has a terrible user interface and experience and it's so complicated that it alienates those users. Even an advanced user would have a hard time figuring out all those legacy things and concepts, it's the Unix of VR worlds. As for the metaverse, people need to realize that it's not for everyone . Maybe in 10-20 years or so Makes one think if remote work is going to find a home in those online worlds. The mechanics make sense and it gives a sense of togetherness. Accessible nature = scorching-heat desert. Great for cycling i guess This whole project - Why? Whoever sold this to the Saudis, bit prankster It started with reality shows in the 90s, then on to digital reality shows (facebook) and now it's normalized. Old moral codes are being abandoned, as technology allows people to be more individualistic, more free to act. This was inevitable as technologal change is monotonic, and has been subject of books like brave new world. The idea of "community" as a moralizing entity is nice but also very limiting and newer generations will have a very ambivalent relationship with it. Let me correct that for you. People are willing to exchange their privacy for safety. If it was possible to have both i doubt anyone would choose nonprivate So how can i sequence my DNA ? Get an illumina machine and learn biochemistry? Comeon, the 23andMe ban makes 0% sense. This looks like a publicity stunt to distract from twitter fiasco, perhaps Ok so? Those people may leave the internet altogether, and very little cultural value will be lost What they really sell is user's attention , and dashboards for advertisers. The user connections and photos are useful for maintaining that attention but are rather a burden without it. France had to use legal means so women are not skin shy on the beach. Maybe they should have told them we don't do that here instead. The article reeks of elitist ignorance of reality outside exclusive bubbles like academia or tech, and that irks me But you just told people how to behave... they don't but they are more correct than what others have predicted. Some of their predictions can be compared with structures determined with x-ray crystallography why is it such a big deal that it makes people shudder? Europe is about to go off a cliff soon. Are they avoiding words in order not to trigger the robot traders? Glad to see the reasonable form factor and headphones jack combination. I ve stuck with my S10 for same reasons Kind of weird that the article considers that places closer to the west are more open to nudism. The west is prude? and nobody will notice Young people had the majority and controlled their destiny If that were true it wouldn't be so common True, we could also prolong erections... i dont use tiktok, but i see often videos on twitter and youtube with the tiktok logo. Why does youtube want to copy tiktok when it clearly has already lost before it begun. makes them seem such losers I have heard that (anecdotally) every 20 years or so mobile phones set us on a trajectory from the internet back to TV. No doubt the next big social network will be an auto-advancing video feed, i.e. a TV channel that won't be called a tv channel. It's what people want, nothing was killed, just people played with the toys for a while, got bored and moved elsewhere > We log nothing whatsoever One of the few cases where no-logging can be made profitable. But if that isn't already illegal, soon someone will make laws demanding vpns to keep logs for the usual "children and terrorists". I wonder what we could do to make no-logging more widely profitable Too late > Every Society throughout history collapses at some point. an example? Do they really want lots of traffic? It's a very specialized website, it's not like the traffic will stick. The people who want to pay for their services are already customers. I doubt they care about random Joe i'd start with "porn and nudity". The financial system is extremely hostile to them Thank you for hating php. I wouldn't want the culture of endless overengineering to ruin it > Whoever gets the job will be asked to “drive the design of the most privacy-forward, sophisticated demand side platform possible,” per the post. Why would someone who can do that go to apple, instead of launching her own company? Has it become impossible to build new things on the internet independently now? I sometimes want to upvote a reply, but i forget to. I wonder if there is a UI trick that would facilitate giving that feedback. Alternatively, allow $0 signups but approve every new account. It's rather easy to spot spam signups Unfortunately, well-known platforms with known URIs are targetted way more than any custom website. I think if wordpress just allowed rewriting all the URLs would reduce spam attacks by a lot BCI. We still interact with keyboards, which is a very cumbersome and roundabout way to talk to each other and to the machine. BCI will connect our intelligence in unprecedented ways, and hopefully will allow 'uploading' so that there's continuity even after death. Genetics is not the right way to go about it - carbon and protein chemistry was a very slow 'minecraft' way to build intelligence , and each of our senses and motors can be replaced with much much simpler electronic devices. I don't know what AGI means in this context. Surely a BCI can upload itself to a brain-simulator and live there. No need for 'artificial' persons, although it is in principle possible (why not after all). Awaiting for when they will suspend payments to facebook , where a lot more child porn is uploaded. I hope visa is forced to expand this on all adult websites and even further. Maybe some of the cryptocurrencies will finally do what they were designed to do It's not even about porn. Nudist websites now also require real ID verification for their members. I can see this extended to fitness websites soon. As you pointed out, the brain is very plastic and it will learn the mapping of its input, like it learns to read those squiggles we call letters. We don't need to know how the brain works, just how its neurons work and its anatomy. Hopefully those will be enough to build the simulator, and the rest of the work of wiring itself up, will be done by the simulator itself. Google does not allow anything that shows tits even if covered. And google gatekeeps advertising. But i remember decades ago, late night shows on TV which were almost soft porn had lots of ads, especially alcohol/cigarettes. We live in neovictorian times. we don't necessarily need to "copy" the existing brain. I guess by communicating with a "brain extension" it will gradually learn everything i know , enough to be a fascimile of my person. I don't need to know how it did it, just like i dont need to know all the weights of an artificial neural network. > like it consists of ten big sites Optimistic. Which are those? why do they keep working there? This all sounds very inane. These measures are part of Germany's demand that all EU countries reduce their gas consumption by 15% . Countries like spain do not depend on russian gas so this does not benefit them in any substantial way. And airconditioning is hardly the highest in energy consuption. It is more efficient if people share the A/C of a crowded place, rather than every person going back home to use their home A/C alone. And this is august, when PVs are most productive and wind as well. And, i m sorry but 27C with 52% humidity is intolerable to me, i cant work and i can barely function, So goodbye work. The EU could have used this time to maybe seek alternative gas sources , dig for oil and gas in its territories, and ramp up coal and lignite as an alternative to gas. at what % humidity? > Due to MacOs' dominance in GitLab, it is now most targetted by MacOs spyware, viruses, and ransomware who wish to steal corporate secrets. I have never been satisfied with roomba (granted, i got the basic-level devices). They re just not good and it seems there's loss of otential there. I m thinking to get a cheap xiaomi to give it a try And it's quite disingenuous for IT people to make a fuss about it. EVERYTHING in tech started with some sort of piracy, of music, of web content, of videos, of books, of hotels, of taxis, it's persistently the right strategy. And that's good, the world can't hang onto gatekeepers forever. Facebook stealing from snapchat. Youtube stealing from instagram who stole from tiktok , stealing from vine etc etc. I don't think it stopped other people from taking risks. That sounds like too much work. Better move to one of those new Amazon Human Farms(TM) that offer the amazon way of life for only $1999/mo I wish this whole saga ended, and Musk buys reddit instead. This current saga is pure entertainment, which will end up in some kind of settlement and will leave the lawyers a lot richer. Only 22? It's also the place where the same group of moderators moderates all politics subreddits for 15 years without challenge. And international subreddits can be often worse. Moderators run the show now, and they ve become extremely vicious What you 're observing is not some magical reddit improvement. It's because forums have become unmonetizable, and reddit has consolidated all of them in one place. There is nowhere else to go for comment-like discussions (HN, but it's limited). Their success and moat lies in their legacy userbase. It's not because of their performance I didn't know it was a "movement", i thought it was the logical conclusion of our current technological trajectory. I didn't even know they went in hiding, we are closer to transhumanism today than ever. Some of the technologies are within the visible horizon now, for real, like neurotechnology and artificial wombs. We just injected half the population with an mRNA protein template, repeatedly. I don't expect to reach the end my life while still a human, hopefully. Transhumanism , like all trans- movements is not about maintaining the "natural" order of things, whatever that is. Nature is not better in absolute I'm not sure if this is particularly revealing. The biggest gaps in that graph are in italy, greece (poor, abysmally low birthrates), and sweden , denmark (rich, demographically better). The "ideal" number is probably influenced by peers, by family, by culture etc, it does not reflect true desires. That's why every country has a higher number of "ideal" children, but in reality people seem to have less kids, because they want fewer kids (a case of 'watch what people do, not what they say'). At least , i think people in sweden and denmark, do have the number of kids they actually want. It is a bit of consolation that most of the accounts were bots :) Time to invest in that maker of UVB bedroom lightbulbs The author makes it sound as if it's impossible to use reinforcement learning or some other technique to solve the ligand-bound conformations and automate the drug discovery process. Alphafold is probably just part 1 of the story. But we knew that already Yep, more middlemen is not innovation. True progress would be CBDC or actual usage of cryptocurrency paying for abortions briefcases are used for money laundering, don't remember the last time the government banned them Nobody knew, there were very few voices asking questions about theranos (like dr. Ioannidis) but their shenanigans were unknown until Carreyou publicized them To be clear, they did it proactively, not because they were ordered to. For example, many organizations and conferences make exceptions for students from Iran isn't git decentralized already? The law says that people are allowed to have opinions about the laws. Twitter is not some kind of law school test tornado repos sounds like some kind of evil financial product The US is only country which sees the threats to the dollar's dominance as existential threats. If the US decouples itself from crypto, the whole rest of the world will see it as a potential replacement for everything they want to decouple from the dollar. With russia effectively already removed from the world system, btc becomes a viable alternative, with the bonus point that americans will have legally shut themselves out of it, and thus unable to manipulate its price Thankfully most of those accounts were bots "We recommend not doing what we forced you to do" It's a temporary phase, next generation phones will be surgically implanted under the skin so no fear of ever losing them. > funding a revolutionary force and it ending in peace and prosperity? It is "revolution" when it ends in positive (for the west) outcomes It is "terrorism" when it does not countries that didn't have a functioning bureaucracy before becoming democracies, struggle to develop one after they become democracies. That's because democracy is very prone to corruption on a massive scale , in ways in which authoritarian regimes are not (they are oligarchic). How did they nail it if it doesnt work well with 80% of phones? This is not very smart, as apple doesn't do such things unless coerced by law. Instead , android should drop/cripple iphone support until they adopt RCS IF they are weakening institutions, then those institutions were already developed, hence it does not apply. The advent of authoritarianism does corrupt a functioning state. But statebuilding with democracy has been tried countless times, especially in ex-colonial countries and i don't know many cases where it worked. Artificial wombs I have some of those and they have, in fact, replaced the originals These are ... not the synapses you 're looking for. These are resistors. It doesn't seem they can be used to replace weights in hypothetical deep learning circuits. They certainly can't replace real synapses ... In the same way I resemble Brad Pitt If synapses worked like that we d all be epileptic, or dead > Naturally, people with more of this mental horsepower must live happier lives. When they encounter a problem, they should use their superior problem-solving ability to solve it. That's not all. Smart people are also more perceptive to problems, they identify more of them, and solving one problem is never enough. Ergo they can't ever be happy as in "content" (which is what all those 'happiness' self-report studies measure), in fact as time goes by they should get increasingly depressed by identifying more problems. Ignorance is often a bliss. Cognitive decline is a natural consequence of aging Hint: You don't need to work (anymore) when you 're a monopoly or two Little by little , social media companies are replacing the functions of the state. When will the beatings begin Of course they wanted to , they could have denied such requests and let matters go to courts of law, where such matters should be resolved anyway. But it would put a slight dent on quarterly profits so , in the words of Sheryl Sandberg , "I am fine with this"[1] 1. https://www.propublica.org/article/sheryl-sandberg-and-top-f... Uber Beats Yes, there should be public social networks. Even if it is slow and you have to clean your spam every day, it is now as essential as roads and electricity. Governments around the world guarantee the right to free speech and association but in practice this isn't happening. I wonder which country will be the first one to launch a public utility messaging/social feed app. This is not the first or second time that humanity has tried 'social networking'. We used to call it "the mob" and long before the time of jesus it was considered that people shouting at each other is no way to run a society. People are dazzled by the shiny touchscreens of their phones, but shouting behind a glossy screen is still shouting, and a mob is still a mob. I don't think 'social networking' will go anywhere, it will be abandoned and foulmouthed as 'loud crazy old people', in favor of curated content, possibly algorithmic if that works. The future of media looks a lot like the media of the past, consolidated , more professional and polished. But they are sidekicks in an open air museum. If they wanted people to stay there, they would have made the city livable, but given the amount of tourism, lack of transportation and very unique conditions, why would someone stay in venice? Maybe it's possible to lure some digital nomads there to create a sense of community, it s probably an interesting place for that, but otherwise why would someone move to venice? digital nomadism does have a culture though, and they tend to create hubs, even if those are revolving doors. I don't know about the bellagio ... This tool does not seem to be about windows preloaded software, but programs from various vendors that may be installed by users Competition is good evidently No crisis go to waste poor professor russia wants this war to end in a nuclear way. if not with tactical weapons, it will be an "accident" Actually it's ~~apache~~ Litespeed They could start by not commuting to the office/university governments have been funding renewables left and right because it's a populist measure, and it creates jobs that guarantee voters. The dynamic is a positive feedback loop on that front. Europe is subsidizing teslas. But one has to look at the downsides. Germany has overinvested in solar, but the results are feeble as it's not a sunny country and renewables are unreliable. Even if there was an agreement on 100% renewables, i m certain it would get squandered in silly but popular projects such as solar curtains or rooftop It's everything BUT php. The mysql server on the site is too slow and crashed, the HTTP server somehow broke and served source code. PHP is the only thing that works there, and it tells you that mysql connection is not available. arguing against owning your home is arguing in favor of rent-seeking First, thank you for hating PHP, i'd hate to see it ending up like javascript, especially when ppl misunderstand basic things like this. This 'braindead' system is how the web has been designed from the start. And that issue can easily be mitigated by having using an index.php that simply does require('../app/app.php'). Serving files as text really has nothing to do with PHP since PHP interpreter isnt even invoked at all. France has less dependence on russian gas , it doesn't have germany's large industry that is also dependent on russian gas, their nuclear will be there in the future, they have 4 LNG terminals and they are quite sunnier. I believe france's nuclear is currently offline that's why the higher gas usage. problem is germany uses russian gas for electricity Maybe in american suburbs it makes more sense, but in old cities like europe electric grids are not designed to feed into the network, and the installations are small, thus no economies of scale. The money spent on subsidizing them would be better spent on large installations germany also uses a lot of coal https://www.energy-charts.info/charts/power/chart.htm?l=en&c... >How can the world get better if no one is steering? Did it get better when somebody was steering? hitler was a strong and popular leader. Democracy is about people being self-governmed, not about having a strong leader Individualism is the ultimate goal of this Enlightenment era that we are still part of. The goal was to take away the power from the monarch and the collective, and empower the individual, and our civilization is succeeding at it, but our politics do not adapt. There is a reason why social democracy is unpopular in europe now: younger generations realized it was an unsustainable ponzi scheme. Our future is individualist, but our politics is hopelessly centered on the worship of The Leader demographics. The boomer years was that sweet moment where social democracy dependent on intergenerational debt became possible, but only assuming endless growth of population and economy. Then the neoliberal years came and prices of everything went up, so everything is unreachable for younger generations. They tried to replace the missing population with immigrants but that channel also got saturated. Younger people are just not feeling that level of support that previous generations did This seems to be a basic principle of biology which fractally translates to entire societies. Piketty's data shows that historically, the curve was flattened only when the economy itself was upended, i.e. after wars. We need to engineer peaceful ways that violently rearrange the economy. A parallel money system like cryptos might have been used for that, but so far it has done the opposite I think we are; unless you can point out politicians/representatives whose individual contribution is so much better than what the average citizen would do. There are no strong politicians in europe (barring autocrats) or in the US (which was until recently led by a cartoonish bully and now by someone who is in obvious cognitive decline), and for decades, it is pollsters that run the show. One issue is that current states have accumulated too much power . A second one is that individual rights need to be untouchable. But otherwise i think our current representative systems are just fertile grounds for corruption. social democrat parties are in major decline all over europe, even in sweden. Well, social democracy is also the welfare system, and it also requires high social trust, and it also incurs debt for future generations. I may be wrong, but i think social democracy was only possible during the (not so brief) moment of the boomers. Define 'comfortable'. It's always relative as people aspire to be what others have become. Wars have always happened, naturally, so it's nothing 'unnatural', and perhaps nature's way to flatten the curve. Our current feelings about war may or may not be correct - wars have many benefits too. > how miserable people were before the modern era Materially, maybe , but judging by the way people live in rural communities even today, it's closer to the truth that they were happier overall, as they had a social support net, more socializing than they can handle and more time in nature. It's a qualitatively different life than urbanized domestication Biology deep down is physics. But not everything is a power law. Ideologies and religions are behavioral tools. Whether we re better or worse with them depends on how they are used by the ones who control them. Delusion is the natural state of humans, at any time we believe that our core beliefs are established (e.g. belief in science) even if we dont have sufficient arguments to convince ourselves. it seems we constantly seek some model structure to explain and guide our behavior my bookmarking site. Not abandoned, i use it for myself regularly, but i dont think anyone else is https://pinplz.com i think it's manual Scraping is not really easy nowadays, with cloudflare stopping you the soviet union provided this level of 'comfortable', decent basics for literally everyone . somehow its people didn't 'declare victory and went home' I suppose they can make a disclaimer that prohibits AI companies form using pictures of their work? Remote, asynchronous and part time. Looks like everyone will be a freelancer or just resignations greece https://gov.gr explicity mimicks the UK style On that note, i expect in the coming years some UK startup will be selling "government as a service" Live meetings are high-speed half-assed ideas being thrown around, and dominated by the most talkative/gregarious/attention seekers. Trial-and-error is the least desirable way to work. Async and remote is about thinking and writing down before blurting out. To me the latter is more professional way to work, and for the same reason it's more somber. Neuromatch is a conference and "summer" online school that was created due to the pandemic. It is spectacular, with thousands of lectures and hours of teaching online. It has now become an organization > https://neuromatch.io/ academic conferences are not like that Maybe it's home alarms Maybe. JQuery reduces the number of characters you need to write compared to vanillaJS , so if their websites use some JS , it was probably a benefit. Now tell me about the megabytes of javascript that their new fancy frameworks download, uncached > slack off and not prepare Maybe take advantage of the benefits of remote: Have 2 meetings instead of one, with one being a 'pre-meeting' to make sure everyone is prepared, with a few hours between them. Keep them short. Nobody is going to complain that you re holding up the conference room. I thought it was a reference to the supersonic boom, although supposedly their planes will not have that loud noise. But as an airplane name it's very bad, nobody wants to go boom boom I dont think supersonic will be a success. Remote has made business travel a lot less necessary and more predictable, so people are more likely to plan multi-hop business tours rather than flash transatlantic and transpacific flights. The failure of A380 is also telling: people are fine with flexible hops. But most of all people want to reduce their carbon footprint by minimizing travel distances, not travel times. how? jetlagged meetings aren't known for their mental clarity They remind of the characteristics of TV just with different technologies and AI generation instead of sitcoms. What's the alternative? > Happily, they are at last starting to recognise the damage caused by these policies. No, nothing changed, if anything it got worst post covid. The only countries that can do something are singapore and china, who are rationally treating housing as a basic need similar to food. In the western world things will probably never change on that front. The boomers built houses because they knew they d be appreciating forever - and they did, beyond their wildest dreams, while the economists were cheering. Millenials and GenZ will not touch housing because it's not an opportunity, and the barrier to entry is too high. Instead of housing bubbles, GenZ creates meme stock and crypto bubbles, and whatever comes next with the metaverse. Housing is very broken in europe, germans are building houses in the south where it's still cheap for their retirement. The housing stock will keep consolidating to fewer and fewer people, while the middle class will be using remote work for location arbitrage. I often watch architecture videos with houses from australia. Lots of properties built more or less to look like contemporary style stock photography. No wonder your houses are expensive, they are built for luxury investment Which is odd because piketty's data are entirely in line with the message of the article: overconcentration of wealth and prices going up. And Piketty has the 'solution' as well: the only times when inequality violently decreased was during world wars. I'm not sure how we can go about having one All i can hear is "housing prices fall for 11 straight month" . That's like music for westerners. Let's start by using google docs Looks like second life ~2005, except with no waist no legs. They do use big heads and anime eyes to make people look like babies, therefore likeable as per standard sales tactic. I think it's going to work The fact that this is news, is news. for that you d have to give people a lot more vacationt time Just stop using apps. I dont see the point. A centralized data hose that is replacing what internet was designed to be : a decentralized, multi routed network. The problem may be useful to them, but unlikely to be useful to anyone who doesn't already work there. I dunno, if it was possible to monetize decentralized or bittorrent video hosting, i think it would solve the problem in a more interesting and resilient way. With fewer engineers. But it's like, every discussion today must end with something about the pay and head count of engineers. recently i see a lot of people with very high upload speeds. Nobody is using them though, but nominally they are there. I ve watched a lot of HBO (not available here) on popcorn time Which of course will not be passed to the consumer I'm not holding my breath i am unsettled by the attention that cryptos receive from VCs . This is supposed to be a new economy, not the old one in sheep's clothing. And now they can buy their way into ETH government. No thanks, i hope it tanks a keyboard or guitar. mirror. a nice window on the side so you can rest your eyes far every few minutes. green plants within view And that is good Apple must remember that it's a lifestyle brand. If their customers start seeing ads it will damage the brand substantially. I don't know. Light. Check posture. Make sure there's not a bear behind you. I work for myself so yes, i love it and i can no longer do anything else. but it's hard to make money off of it. Windows Movie Maker I think the problem with estonia is that it's just not that attractive a place. I wish they could join forces with some southern european country (which have far more issues than belgium) cold I don't mean it's a bad place, but for europeans to move, they usually choose somewhere more exotic Because US is a transfer union. In EU you have a lot of transfer unions within individual states (eg. East-West germany, North-south italy). When a greek moves to germany for work, the money does not flow between the two countries I mean in the sense of "rich countries aid the poor ones" https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/A_European_trans... I also prefer cold. But the flows of remote workers are usually towards mediterranean countries I think that s a hopeful message. At first we will see a lot of "prompt censoring mobs" that will try to "stop abusers because children and terrorists", but as the images multiply, and they will multiply, the line between real and fake photos will become hard to spot, for real. This is i think a pivotal and great moment, because everyone can now claim plausible deniability to any picture. No revenge porn will be believable anymore, nor will anyone know if that Bezos's weiner pic is real or not. Not really. I can't think of a recent "leaked texts" that the participants cannot not easily and plausibly deny (e.g. elon's supposed messages to gates), or even voice messages. Even most images can already be denied as photoshop if all the witnesses agree. The only medium that is somewhat hard to deny is videos, like sex tapes, but that's also not too hard. I think there will soon be a race to make deep learning pics look completely indistinguishable from phone pics. This is not the same though, it's about being able to deny that that photo of you is real, not that it's taken out of context. Actually ... we just did a good job of making generated child pornography ubiquitous. This is like a gazillion photoshops being released in the wild. Things change with scale, and there is a threshold where, if enough people start doubting often enough, then all the people will doubt all the time The problem is that Germany is taking everyone down with them The countries that follow the EU wholesale energy price rules are royally screwed, because the price of power is set by the exorbitant price of gas even if they only use 5% gas in their energy mix. In addition to carbon mandatory limits this leads to soaring electricity prices which do not correspond to real supply and demand, but religious adherence to inflexible regulations that have not been changed despite the war. This is madness at multi-state level any camera can be hacked to plant an image in its framebuffer or gas pipelines or food imports can't go back to the age of empires, sorry A real photo is one created by photons outside the camera Germany has lignite to use for electricity and oil for heating, as you said. That should be enough to reduce demand and thus prices. Long-term there are gas reserves in Netherlands , in the mediterranean etc. The EU has options. I have to also ask why? Germany obviously has options but why is it taboo to ask them to change their policies abruptly and temporarily? We have a war in europe And now EU is betting its future on the dictator of Azerbaijan (who is known to bribe German and european politicians) for gas and Saudi arabia for oil. Couldn't think of more iconic duo https://www.politico.eu/article/the-eu-azerbaijan-gas-deal-i... OK so the changes are totally doable and would nullify Putin's weaponization of natgas. We are at war , yet Germans seem to be totally inflexible to postponing "some goals of emission reduction" for a few years. That's unreasonable > move from coal to renewables. The path there was via gas. It's disingenuous to call that "a path" because natgas will never go away since renewables are wildly intermittent and natgas will always be needed to sustain the load. And it is imported from some of the worst dictatorships in the region. https://www.energy-charts.info/charts/power/chart.htm?l=en&c... the type of payment service they offer (merchant of record) is very underappreciated. I wonder if the censorship/anti-porn lobby has already started a war against CBDCs ? > have now modernized to becoming boring minimalist (and I love minimalism) Minimalism and "Contemporary" architecture have overstayed their welcome. I love looking at architecture videos, but damn all houses are the same nowadays! Same boring pallette, empty walls, large windows etc. no wonder there is no color. Even the architect's narrative is boring. Have all the architects been on vacation for the last 10 years? they re not that colourful either Twitter is like, the 7th season of "Silicon Valley" Great! How do I print it? If it was a few years back, Jony Ive reading fortune cookies would be great Winter is coming here in Europe. Having a phone with FM receiver is going to be very useful. In the next iteration, toilets will join the open concept a few power cuts is not the end of the world Very nice. Mine includes a crown wheel for winding https://i.imgur.com/1iYysR6.png I dont know, the frenetic rebound of tourism this year tells me that people don't want to live closer together unless they have to That's an upgrade there will be no longer "training data" , that is, large datasets. People will finetune their models to add specific new subsets of images tangentially, how can one profit from ETH becoming more centralized? tbh if we want some competition to google we should support bing urbanization The resources of korea and their technology will not go away, they will now be at the hands of fewer people, so more wealth / person. Historically it was small states that dominated the world, the populous ones were ravaged by poverty and famine. People are calculating (correctly) that our future technology does not need a lot of hands, and that is true. Look at the tech sector , which employs a tiny percentage of the population but has enormous output. As for the egoist act of genetic heritage/perpetuation, well let's be honest, in 10 years people will be modifying their genes and removing our clunky and faulty dna so there goes our glory. As for wars/security, those are already fought with drones > I fear if nothing else changes, developed countries are dysgenically wiping themselves off The trend will not continue forever To me , this all highlights that we need to ramp up anti-aging technology fast and hard. It s much higher priority than sending humans to mars What matters to them? you re not wrong, but people are always looking for meaning in life. If kids are not there, they will look for meaning elsewhere. But maybe kids are too demanding and have repetitive needs, which is off-putting for meaning-driven uberhumans. Well then maybe we should automate the raising of kids , but wait, daily school already exists and now we have tablets too. OK so how did the adults find meaning now that their hands are untied? Oh, they are in social media all day > booming populations in Africa will likely offset much of the working population Not really , as they don't do today, because they are not educated , and there is not enough time to wait for second-generation immigrants. Also, africans have no obligation to become subservient again to the developed world via immigration. Immigrants are cheap labor for europe and the US, even though it's not commonly admitted. Emigrating is not the only option for those countries. For example china, due to its development, did not end up with massive waves of emigration. I dont think job prospects are the primary reason What is a "real" review? Real -> fake is a spectrum, but yeah there is a lot of pretense Lawsuits were expected. AFAIK they started soon after the vaccines were out They dont have a payments processor yet. Someone tell Jeff But also: do they disallow competitors to use their services/sell their games? AFAIK antimonopoly litigation requires the existence of an actual market obstruction, not its hypothetical existence. how many are bots? AFAIK bot traffic is higher than human there. Plus they added so much bot APIs that now bots are hacking and spamming users' accounts the most toxic ... if you exclude all the others i use windows movie maker. It still exists, you can download it as binary and it's a pretty quick video editor with lots of options. I was unable to figure out the new win10 editor or chipchamp 'something', like being a model or an actor, who dated other famous people. It has changed, but let's face it, their celeb fame was always disproportionate to their work we are in a postmodern world now, everything is meta. We deal with the celeb and scrap the work i really hate the new youtube designs, cause i cannot tell if i have pressed the like button or not, the visual difference is so tiny that i often unlike stuff i have liked before. So sorry dear influencer, but i promise i am beholden to your influence forever sounds to me like the parent is right, the NYtimes is obviously trying to hide the story and avoid using the word real although it s surely implied not really censorship, just a regression to the old norms. mainstream media are biased to the politics of their owners. Same with facebook, it s a mainstream medium now Zuck claims that he was duped , but lets take everything with a grain of salt my take is that the threshold is "amount work the mods need to do to remove comments" . Doesnt really have to do with subject if the convo is not derailed. the current crisis, for most european countries, is totally due to the failure of the EU energy market. The electiricy prices are set by the highest generator, which currently is natural gas. So , eventhough southern countries use less than 20-15% gas, their prices soar because they are determined by gas. Spain and portugal are the only countries which managed to get an exception to offset this mechanism months ago, by effectively capping the gas prices and not allowing it to go bonkers. The rest of the EU should explain itself to its citizens. These levels of prices do not represent the cost of energy but the stupid continuation of a supposedly free market in time of war. https://www.rechargenews.com/energy-transition/europes-power... No, the EU wholesale market uses a marginal price, that does not reflect the cost of generation (supply), but the highest cost available at any moment sets the price for everyone (at least as far as i understand). It s a free market but prices are set by a very inflexible rule. It's not possible, everyone gets the same price. https://www.rechargenews.com/energy-transition/europes-power... the price of gas sets the marginal price at which power is sold by all generators at any time. Different countries buy different contracts , but they all see skyrocketing prices , at different levels https://energy.ec.europa.eu/topics/markets-and-consumers/eu-... . If that were true countries that don't depend on russia would not be affected. Greece uses little natgas, and only only 4% of it is russian, yet it sees some of the most steep rises. that would work only if non-gas sources generated enough so that gas is not needed at all. As it is right now, solar producers are getting a bonanza in profits because they are being paid at exorbitant prices. At this level, they have no incentive to ramp up production to remove gas from the equation. Wait, if they invest too much, then natural gas will not be needed, and prices will steeply fall. So better not invest (too much), right? But if too many people buy panels, then europe will stop burning gas, the price will go down fast, and their profits will evaporate This is what every country should do. Basically putin is extorting europe through its marginal pricing. BTW spain's prices are more "real" in the sense that they better reflect the cost of generation. It's the EU market's prices that are fake. but note that 380 EUR is still much much cheaper than other countries i meant that in the EU wholesale market , everyone gets the marginal price. It is not the cost of an additional unit, a mwh of renewables is practically free (if paid-as-bid) but gets paid as natgas (because it gets paid-as-cleared) oh comeon jack, there are many 'protocols' to share anything in any way you like, someone needs to do the work to bring the people on the platform. that s what twitter does and only a company can do that. other than that i dont think you regret the $$$ netscape MS was afraid of the web. Apple ... not sure what they did during early days (or even now) to popularize the web. Google started in 1997 indeed there is no such heuristic. The question is deeper, it's about how to trust that scientists from a culture that is perceived to be alien are living up to familiar scientific standards. It's easier to identify fraud when it comes in a systematic way from a specific region of the world. However there is a lot of fraud and scientific-freeriding coming from western scientists too, it's just sporadic and not visible among the thousands of high-quality studies. It's also wrong to call a paper 'questionable' without qualifier. Questionable can mean anything, and some of the most groundbreaking ideas were questionable when they were put in the wild. I suppose the author means technically flawed. Peer review is OK but peer review is not curation. Everyone wants to get published , makes up a hypothesis that barely passes statistical significance, and gets published. Make up a hypothesis in your mind about anything , there is very high chance you will find a paper that supports it (and very low chance to find a paper that refutes it). This is like postmodernism: every possible idea is deemed to have equal weight, which leads to 1=2 . Sometimes it seems it 's more productive for a scientist to become a monk, stop communicataing and start working alone in her lab undistracted by the spam notifications of published science.