give me 2 ounces of whatever he's smoking... seriously ... hole diggers? are you serious?!? this article is like that idea I get just before I wake up or as i'm soaping my ass in the shower and think it's brilliant. Then I think about it for oh ... maybe a few hours and realize I was a big idiot for even beginning to think that I understood the concepts involved. I then usually eat a sandwich Even large producers of content consume more content than they produce. For every blog post I usually view 10-12 sites/articles/posts myself from external sources. This is news? I usually don't plug anything here but this is directly related to my latest weather startup: http://www.OtherWeather.com Better interface and layout than weather.com (less ads), social influence (each forecast is rated and users ranked), Google map mashup, user profile pages and weather widgets/forecast RSS feed. I just launched, and haven't had the time to promote but check us out. digg, reddit and any other socially influenced news site will always "devolve" into the mainstream and people living closer to the edge will always seek out more focused and intellectually stimulating sources for news and discussion. the networks that understand social influence and are brave enough to see where it can take them are the ones who will survive. Not the ones looking to control and guide the process with 'editors'. this is old, boring and obvious news/content. I get clients online monthly with payment processors and live payment gateways and explain it to them a lot clearer and more concise than this article (and they arent web geeks that read 37signals blog). Good rule; If it isn't Auth.net or Verisign it probably sucks. a little late to the game, but it's pretty sad that it's still happening in 2008 Lots of work is done behind the scenes at Apple/Wired to make articles like this happen. I read recently an article in Wired about MS's Channel 9, where the reporter found out that MS had been researching and courting him and Wired for a long time to assure the article was written and published. They had pages of notes and documents relating to the reporter and has staffed peopled to assure everything went smoothly. /Pay no attention to the PR people behind the curtain best two replies ... ever good piece on NPR a couple weeks back about how small independent coffee shops do better when Starbucks comes to town ... a few guys are actually targeting property next door/near to a Starbucks to open coffee shops (and seeing big profits) maybe Y! canned him because he was drinking too many free lattes and twittering at least 18 times a day. /tongue firmly in cheek mmmm correct, I'm sure Y! encourages social participation and a well caffeinated workforce. Our name was based on established (oldish media) competitors and a requirement to have the main search word/term in the URL (not for SEO but rather to avoid the confusion most 2.0 startup names incur) http://www.OtherWeather.com If it benefits the user to enter real information (or plausible) then you won't have problems with bogus data. Example; social network. If however the email is only the key into the site, expect a lot of temp emails (with confirmation) and bogus (without). If the service is free I've seen as much as 25%, lowest being maybe 8%. If it's paid you hope for 1% and dream of 3-5%. We're bootstraping http://www.OtherWeather.com with some help from a silent private investor (very small money). Would take investment if it was presented, but working on marketing/pr now (yes part time grrr). We could do the ol' VC dog and pony show but we're wary of wasting our time when we could be building value of the site (instead of making PowerPoints and buying suits). I've found that college is great for the 'pluggers' in life. Those kids you remember from high school who asked question after boring question and spent hours on their home work while you spent class time hacking your graphing calculator and spent study hall exploring your high school's network. Sure they got better grades than you, but instead of an A on your test you got a B- and worked 10x less to get it. College is also great for the socially motivated who love to party, 'hook up' and generally spend the entire day trying to sleep the previous night's craziness off and plan for the upcoming night debauchery. how does this "how to" apply to anyone else but himself? How about a website where corporations can submit information on unreasonable-sucky users/customers. They could then share that data and deny you service based on your unreasonable expectations (like compatibility with BETA software used by I'd build that. Who wants to bet, that when solar power becomes as cheap or cheaper than fossil, oil prices will magically plummet with some half-assed explanation as to why. Sort of like the reasons prices are increasing now, just in reverse (except no one will care) “It will lead to what’s known as cloud computing, where people keep all their information online and access it from anywhere,” Oh jees not this again. Doesn't this 'grand idea' come up every 5 years or so and just die when people realize they don't want their photos, personal documents and media stored on some corporate servers (where it can be analyzed, and sold to the highest bidder) Oh and with 50% of Americans still on dial up, I don't see this super fast kick ass Internet taking over anytime soon (not when there's money to be made selling small incremental speed bumps over many years similar to how cell service has evolved here) Pretty standard puff/PR piece but the "install under Windows" thing is pretty cool. The most interesting part: "MADD is heading the opposition, .. arguing that the 21 law has saved more than 20,000 lives. Choose Responsibility disputes that figure. Other factors, it says, have also contributed to the decline in deaths, and fatalities among under-age drunk drivers have fallen by only 13%." And those factors are? I'm not saying the 21 law is responsible but what is the debate here? I suspect when you mentioned "Africa" you didn't mean http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa ? SA is pretty modern, stable and has some money (middle income) although it is not free from problems (like any country) You don't value your own company, value is set by the market, and in this case the market said 20 mil. Will it increase or decrease depends on the actions of Xobni and the market. The arguments that the founders "know their potential value" better than us is completely irrelevant. Don't you think MS investigated the company first, it's offerings and it's future before making an offer? I own a startup and think it could be worth billions someday... does that make it so? Does this help? http://www.anddev.org/first_android_hardware_development_boa... I read a while back that Flickr's conversion rate for the "pro" accounts was dismal, as in less than 1%. Sorry no linky to back that memory up but there's no way it's even close to 10%. Facebook could succeed if they figure out the "word of mouth marketing strategy online. Think about it; when you buy something offline, or even online most people ask their friends and family what they bought, and from whom ... and then make their decision based on recommendations. When I pick up new web design work, the #1 vehicle is word of mouth from my already serviced (and hopefully happy) clients recommending me to their friends. If Facebook can use the "Twitter" style of outsourcing questions to your friends, they can tackle this problem of 'focus'. I could ask my FB friends what type of music player they all use, and my responses could have targeted ads based on what they say. FB needs to be careful though becayse as you said, people login to FB to "hang out" and don't think "buy buy buy" first like they do with Google. This is a good point, Facebook has 1 part of the puzzle, Google has the other. Facebook knows "who you are" better than Goog, Goog knows that you want "right now" better than FB. Right on about Need vs. Awareness .... Think of Coca-Cola or McDonald's, or even Budweiser. There are many large companies that use TV/Internet to keep their brand strong. Everyone knows about these brands, there is no direct "need" for any of their products (one could argue against this but I digress), but they need to keep advertising so when you are hungry, or thirsty, or sober you turn to them first. I can't believe someone used Elance as an example of a solution to Ebay's problem. Elance is wrought with it's own issues of underbidding and serious off-shore dominance of almost every available web project. What was once a great way for freelancers to pick up new work, is now just a project farm for offshore companies looking for American work. Don't get me wrong, I've used outsourcing firms myself and have no issues with it, it's just Elance is no longer a reasonable venue for small domestic firms. AJAX, like Flash is a tool. Back in 2002-2004 everyone thought Flash would take over the web. I got resumes/applications from designers who 'only' did Flash and tried to convince me it was the future. Fast forward to today and Flash remains a very important "tool" but only a tool and not the answer to all our woes. AXAX is now just another tool in my virtual toolbelt, one I use from time to time, but not something I'd base my entire site on (hmmm kind of like javascript was in the late 90's early 00's) http://www.OtherWeather.com Social weather forecasting, with a Google Map mashup and some social networking features. Launched in late 07, haven't had time to really promote so it's not deadpool yet. Although I have no users :( Reminds me of the "CSS rounded corner" scripts that replace 1 simple image with 721 lines of CSS. Some people actually need to make a living building websites ...I'll pass. Blog posting doesn't add much to the original story which is here: http://www.aero-news.net/index.cfm?ContentBlockID=fb1b93e6-3... ; This (very un-hacker like) link would be more at home on del.icio.us/popular Notice that most of the site's mentioned hardly have any "content/copy" on the home page. A very un-SEO friendly tactic. Pretty though. The best way to 'learn' a site is simply to lurk ... and lurk .. and lurk some more. Once you understand the community you can speak up and start to contribute. If we define the term "hacking" more broadly even Wikipedia's history is wrong/limited. Hacking to me has always been the process of dissecting something and figuring out how it works. I would imagine there were lots of hackers even before radio came around. I literally 'inhale' Zebra Cakes much to my wife's dismay. I'm skinny as a rail though (I worry more about sugar intake than weight) so feel free to hate me. Good times online indeed, but if you're one of the many Americans caught up in the housing-boom-bust none of that matters when trying to pay your mortgage. Is there a web app that will lower my mortgage payments? Or maybe someone on Twitter that can sell my first home? I keed I keed. When Digg/Reddit and the other social news sites got big a few years back I ditched News.com almost completely because they delivered tech news stories faster. These days with Digg's new larger audience (and less tech focus) I am spending more time at News.com than Digg (Reddit still a regular) Author makes a good point about DRM controlling how we consume content and not about fighting piracy. Kind of reminds me of the "war on drugs". Amazing how the craptacular iTunes is used as an example of a 'good' UI from Apple. Apple makes some great UI's and software, iTunes is not one of them. I wonder is Zappos backs up all this "enthusiasm" for the company with actual money paid. Typically these "fun" organizations expect total commitment from their employees but shy away from actually giving them a tangible 'interest' in the org. One of those 31,000 'scientists' is none other than climate researcher-turned-Spice Girl Geri Halliwell or "Dr. Halliwell" as her friends call her. Hilarious reply Matt, even more curious though is the fact that you got modded down (what no fanboy idol worship for Mr. Maroon people?) Looks kind of like social bait/content text generation for the blogosphere. He's probably hoping to become THE article for Twitter noobs in Google search. Smart move I would say, verbose articles like this appeal to the 'learn from a book' people. I have no doubt once Geri's name was found (and made public) they removed it from the list as it was obviously fake or just plain wrong. My point was mostly humor, but my underlying point was that there is simply no verification as to the qualifications of any scientist, phd or spice girl on this list. There are no "creative spaces" only creative people. Reminds me of the Mac vs. PC creative work argument. Find good people and they won't care if they work in a cool trendy "loft" in San Fran or a boring grey cubicle in a converted strip mall in Idaho. My workspace is exactly the size of two 19" LCD monitors. You can get smartphones free now with 2 year deals, the iphone will be free on sites like wirefly/letstalk next year. I wouldn't say the value of TC is traffic, but more so an introduction to the VC/Tech community. TC posts so much each day that your post will be bumped off the front page in no time. However if just the right person is reading TC or picking up the feed, it can lead to good things for your startup. Also, the posts that really seem to draw comments and the most buzz are all about the titans of the industry (Facebook, Yahoo, Google, MS) They don't exactly need the PR but that's what people love to discuss and rant about. I tend to disagree, an "intelligent news aggregator" adds value to a story (by bringing in more sources) and increases circulation for the source. If you construct your RSS properly you can utilize splogs, and aggregators to expand your reach. Should HN implement some sort of mirror for down/unreliable sites? I'm a big opposer of posting mirrors for everything right off the bat (give credit where credit is due) but the link in this story was a 404 for me. more reflow action: http://gyu.que.jp/sjs2007/clip/M_reflow.wmv and the main page (linked from comments) http://gyu.que.jp/sjs2007/ Could you outline his attempts at finding applicants? Where has he advertised this open position? I find it hard to believe there's nobody in this small town, or a neighboring county/state that is interested. That's a lot of sweaty thumb action to get the map to zoom. I would think some sort of text entry would be quicker for most folks. Pretty and cool though, which I guess is what we expect from Apple products (form over function) ducks I agree 110% and not because Google penalizes new domains, but because Google will go to extreme and unfair measures to protect their (soon to be) monopoly in the paid advertising market. Google whacks paid links because it competes with AdWords. Doesn't get much more complex than that. If you own a company that makes it's money by selling links or providing webmaster an alternative to AdSense/AdWords, prepare to be attacked directly by the Goog. The MS-like backlash will happen with Google, just give it time. Funny article coming from a website which has ads without Google's 'required' nofollow tag. Selling links only spoils relevance because that's what Google bases their rank algorithm on. This is a flaw in Google's logic. Google created the market (both the good side and the bad), and now they want to control it too. Without Google's ranking math there would still be paid links. It shouldn't be 'our' problem that Google's logic if flawed, they should engineer a new solution. If we take your and Google's word on this, that paid links ruin relevance, it just displaces where the money and time is spent. If direct paid links are penalized, it shifts the power and influence to other parties/locations (and all the paid link money directly into Google's pockets) Some of the most pirated games in history have also been some of the most profitable. Consider it a badge of honor that your game is desired by 'pirates'. Pirates talk to less tech savvy people which leads to more game sales. I predict a large market in non TPM motherboards. Wired published a quick oil reserves map the other day: http://www.wired.com/special_multimedia/2008/oilreserves Most interesting find: Canada is #2 in the world with 179 billion barrels. Why are we getting our oil from the middle east? And what % comes from up north? I rely on Toggl for time tracking (which I then use to bill my clients), and Google Docs to maintain my various (and extensive) list of accounts, as well as various documents essential to my business. If I lost either I'd be screwed. I'm not so worried about the Goog, but Toggl (and before that 14Dayz) does worry me a bit. Going from PayPal to Google Checkout is like trading in your GM for a Ford. Both have the same risks and the potential to royaly screw you in the end. Authorize.net - Game, Set, Match. "MS died and stopped being relevent to anything much a long while ago" Is this 2020? It must be the future because MS has not died and is still very relevant. "Now you can buy PCs without an OS," How many non geeks do you know that bought one of these? I know 0. "The operating system is becoming irrelevent" Again this must be 2020 because the OS is still essential to almost 100% of computer users. "IE is nose diving in usage" Any stats to back up this claim? I'm not seeing it, in fact IE7 usage is now higher than Firefox on hundreds of my managed websites. I'm sorry but you live in fantasy tech-geek world where Linux and browser based operating systems are the norm. Do me favor and do some work for real "users" and then re-evaluate your opinions about where MS is and is heading. As a very active social bookmark user I don't need 'help' bookmarking your site, I already have browser plugins, toolbar links and plenty if incentive to bookmark if I find your article/site/page useful. "I can meet their price with little margin, and it's not a big deal, we'll still make money on the up-front but we'll make a lot less than usual on ongoing (not a problem)" Industries with a high enough profit margin that they can still make good money even with discounting heavily are doomed for extinction, and replacement by someone smaller, younger and hungrier. Good luck and enjoy your success while it lasts. OR, the smaller competitor will deliver a much smaller and simpler product for less money and build a solid reputation as a high value low cost provider who's not over pricing their software just because they're working for the "government" which is known to have deep pockets and understand little about what they're buying. Here we are TWO+ years out from Windows 7 and you already have bloggers and various websites bashing it. MS will never win. How about this, just by reading the headline "Windows 7? We already hate it." I chose not to read the article because I knew it would contain useless/troll-like/flame bait. How's that for jumping to conclusions? "you ridiculous MBA-having suit-wearing dumber-than-a-monkey Friends-episode-reject J-Crew-catalog muppetfuckers.... you scum-gobbling weasel-brained magic-eight-ball-flipping clueless fucking nimrods." Funniest thing I've read all week. hm, not working for me, I hit "Send" and nothing .... Maybe this means the start of blog postings like "Why is Twoorl Down?!?!" and "How to Fix Twoorl's Send Problem" For newsletters, ConstantContact.com is THE standard and what I recommend to all my clients. They make sure that ISP's don't block your email, report on bounces, spam reports and provide statistics on opens, click-throughs etc. If your idea needed funding, why did you apply to YC? You could easily get the same kind of money (if not a lot more) by visiting your local bank, talking to friends/family or simply taking out a few credit cards. I funded my beta completely out of pocket and would only consider YC for the connections/PR and immersion into the startup world. The rights to Jar Jar Binks would go for big money today. He's a cult figure now and would go a long way towards selling a product with a little self deprecating humor. Your point is correct but you worded it incorrectly. Design is not about "what's around the content" design IS the content and shouldn't distract from it (like websites from 2001-2004). Design should enhance the content and the functions of the software. Good design is also about layering, which sometimes means rounded corners, gradients and complex imagery. Done right it won't distract the user from the essential functions. Also, I recently designed an interface for a .NET application, first version was Google-ish, sparse design, content front and center, just a logo and some very basic design elements. Client HATED it, wanted shiny buttons, gradients and more "bling". Second version was designed to look exactly like an MS Office online app and the client was in love. Just remember, most design is dictated by the client, whereas your programming functions aren't inspected by the client and you aren't forced to re-code something to add more "bling". Sites like these are like Elance for programmers. They devalue good design and force designers to work for very low rates and compete with each other thereby cannibalizing the industry. Please tell me you didn't just recommend template monster. I can spot a "template" design 1000 miles away. I'd rather have my programmer hack his own design than buy a "design in a can" Print designers know nothing of the web, and are a nuisance to good web designers everywhere. I have clients who routinely consult their "print designer" who in turn gives them the worst advice known to man. As a web designer and user interface expert, when a client asks me for a brochure or business card design I dutifully refer them to a print expert and don't tell them "yeah I can do that" just because I can. Your argument is that teams don't need "20 designers" they need 1-2 to bootstrap the program until is takes off. That's a big difference from "is a designer really necessary?" Same argument but for programming; Do you really need a team of 20 programmers? My conclusion from that argument would not be "are programmers really necessary?" Would you hire a web designer to program your software? "with a little practice even a programmer can produce decent designs if they keep things simple and don't try to get fancy" Yes given time a designer can program an entire software program by keeping things simple and not getting fancy. I'm a designer and have programmed a good deal, however like designs from my programmer, you'd laugh at what I've coded. If I had a nickel for every time a programmer caused a major delay in a project (after the design was in place) I could probably buy a McDonalds franchise. Elance/Outsource your programming for less pretentious clients, it's more profitable. It goes both ways my friend ;) "But once we were in," adds EBK, "it was, like, fuck it." That combined with the bong-hit photo pretty much makes this one of the best Wired articles I've read this year. "The data excluded the two most-feared diseases, HIV/AIDS and syphilis." Which means the infection rate is higher. Not exactly backing their counter-point. "The focus on “teenagers” covers a broad age range, from those who are 14 .. to women of 18 and 19" I wouldn't say that was broad, rather somewhat limited seeing as how 'tweens' are becoming sexually active now. I get the point of the article about how they worded it (disease vs. infection) and the problems with sensationalism but their arguments aren't very convincing. Another link-bait, trashy, speculative article 3 years too early trashing Microsoft and Windows 7. I'd expect this from some random blogger but not Jupiter Research. I'd rather them focus on trashing Vista than spreading this garbage. Did I mention Windows 7 is 3 years away? maybe I'm blind but I don't see anything in this article about a "data gold mine" There is data on ad performance, which was interesting but this article is seriously lacking content on the topic. And while they mentioned the ousting of original YT employees there isn't much data there either. I got to 25 before I bailed .. what does that say about me? 72 questions you got to be kidding me. I pulled that on several CS majors back in my college days. Works every time. Come one, no one sees the humor in this? Geez tough crowd. A story to share: My wife worked for a local Land Rover dealership for a short time a couple years back. I visited one day and saw the computer system they used and was shocked at how ancient and horrible the interface and hardware were. For a dealership selling 80K Range Rovers I thought it was downright crazy that they were using software that looked like it was from the 80's. I realized however after talking to her boss that I couldn't just waltz in there and tell them I'd solve all their problems with my new shiny software app. I needed a connection, several steps up the corporate ladder to have any chance of landing that gig. Which in turn would require years of working within the corporation or at least experience in a related field to give me credibility (and designing/building web 2.0 apps doesn't count) Something so simple to me was in fact tied up by a very traditional model where "who you know" is more important than what you know or what you can deliver. Some uber geek walking in to your industrial fishing plant and offering to re design your software (for a fee of course) is not going to be welcomed with open arms. Pre-existing relationships are very important and still play a major role in where money gets spent (software industry or not). Wow another designer on HN ... and I thought I was the only one. Excellent point, as a designer I work hand-in-hand with a talented programmer for all my projects. He in turn sends UI work to me because he understand his limitations. A touchscreen Jitterbug phone based on Android would be pretty cool. You can make even bigger buttons, text and UI elements than the current model and eliminate almost all unnecessary functions. But but but 37 Signals says it's okay to charge for software !?! I'm confused. /tongue firmly in cheek Sooo what's the story here? Big corporation hires progressive ad agency which in turn makes a racy ad that gets pulled when the corp doesn't like the product ...am I missing something? Oh that's right they mentioned YouTube. I give you, Boston Dynamics BigDog Robot ... aka the Army Mule: http://youtube.com/watch?v=mpBG-nSRcrQ Check out the related video for more gas powered mule fun. very, very good article, most shocking was that the US Air Force is currently the #2 space agency in the world (in funding) my two ideas: iTweet and Twobile amazingly are already taken ... and I'm done "Google still earns 60 percent to 70 percent more on average than Yahoo on every search" That's bad for advertisers, and good for Google. Yahoo! remains a better advertising vehicle for my clients, with 20-30% less CAC. I love my job, but only because a job is required for my lifestyle choice and among the available options, it's the best for me. If I didn't have to pay my two mortgages and put food on the table ... (as Howard Stern would say) I'd rather stay at home and stare at the wall all day (or bitch about Twitter being down) Why does Azuki need funding when the guys behind it are worth 'hundreds of millions' of dollars? They should be running funds themselves. Did anyone watch the video? I'm just saying ;) Twitter thrives on the modern "Cult of Celebrity" idea. The reason Arrington and Scoble have so many followers and love Twitter so much is evidence of this fact. My favorite analogy for these types of personalities would be if one of your friends in high school got a really hot, older girlfriend. Instead of living the high life (we all imagine) and going to older more sophisticated parties he brings his hot GF to your buddies basement to hang with you and your buddies instead. The point being he adores the attention lavished upon him in your basement more than the actual lifestyle that the hotty GF brings. Calacanis is another perfect example of this. How is it good for my client to spend 30% more to acquire a customer? Google champions the fact that their ads produce more $ for them (than comparable products from Y!/MS), which is good only for them and their shareholders. I don't see how the product matters in this regard. It's all about ROI and unless these Goog customers are more apt to buy again and again it's not worth it. As a web worker one of the biggest obstacles is the fact that most people who work 9-5 mon through fri work .. much ... slower ... than ... you do. I will often work in the morning, send a client an email in the afternoon, and then wait, and wait and wait not realizing that the typical 9-5er will wait sometimes 1-2 days to act on a new email because they deal with "office stuff". Often I'm disappointed because I'll close my laptop at 12:00 AM and then get up the next morning at 7:00 and not have any new emails (same problems Steve Pavlina had with sleeping) "Imagine a service from Apple that was free and allowed you to sync multiple Apple products via the Internet" Amazing, now I can snc my iPod with my ... iPod. Which shines the light on the major problem of services like this. I don't want to be tied to 1 vendor for all my services and devices. All-in-one solutions only work when one sacrifices the advantages of mixing and matching the very best service and hardware from other manufactures. Being a startup focused web geek I'm constantly bouncing ideas off of my hacker friends. One of which always responds with statements like "It would be cheaper and a better investment to just buy a Quiznos franchise" or something along those lines. Now he contends mostly that he's looking for free lunch more than anything (oh he's a funny one), but often buying a traditional boring old business makes much more sense than tying to hit the VC tech lottery. Screw logic though, onward towards beta 2! They check with Arrington first, and then based on his expert recommendations implement the best technology/strategy. /lame joke No capital assumes you are doing everything 100% by yourself which is unlikely. Even if you assume you have 3 partners each 'donating' their time for a piece of the action, the 4 of you could probably secure a commercial loan and start a traditional business with a greater chance of success. Also, because I sell my time, I never consider it free. I could see people choosing the Goog for the sheer numbers. There's simply more inventory (impressions). But with clients who have a budget and therefore aren't maxing the inventory, this advantage is lessened. Kind of sad that you have to attract programmers with glass walls, marble floors and shiny objects. Give me a connection to the 'net, nothing else, and I'm there. 11 external links in that one article, at most 2 of which are optional. I see he went to the Steve Gillmor school of article writing. The choice of words is very important and not trivial in the least. Notice how you just said "piracy of a song", when in fact the copying of a song is not "piracy" which equates to robbery aka theft. The words we choose are very important when discussing ideas, just ask the republicans who have used this technique for years to sway the public to their side on various social and political matters (death tx vs. estate tax being one example). Horrible advice from a company who has never lost their ass on a project when the client didn't like their HTML/CSS 'mockup'. For a small project I spend 4-5 hours in Adobe Fireworks, then upon approval (hint: very important if your client doesn't worship you like 37signals) I build the pages out in real HTML/CSS/JS etc. My sketch/mockup step is digital, I don't use dead trees. Alaskamiller is right on, Photoshop is the wrong tool for the job. I live on Cape Cod, not exactly the boonies, less than 2 hours from Boston and have ONE choice for broadband. No FIOS, no DSL, just Comcrap cable (with rising rates every year). They have me by the balls and if they capped my Internet there's nothing I could do. Market Share Q4 2007: Windows Mobile: 12% iPhone OS: 7% With years of past sales of Windows Mobile the overall market share gap between MS and Apple must be huge. Las Vegas Nevada is also another consideration. Get yourself a bank account, 'office space' and it's a done deal. Not exactly pennies, unless you make less than $1 per year. Exactly, see IKEA Even if the IRS comes after your business, you can typically pay them off. Typically IRS agents deal on a very personal level, and the IRS is simply another business (masquerading as a government agency). They'll take money to settle and move on to the next target. On the topic of paying taxes (or not): http://www.amazon.com/America-Freedom-to-Fascism/dp/B000JVSU... There are some (not many) UI designers on HN, like me for example. /shameless plug I would stay away from Elance type sites unless cost is your only factor. 37signals job board will attract the exact opposite candidates as Elance (read: expensive/overpaid) Ever think of hiring local? Attributes to look for would be experience not only in creating the 'web 2.0 look' but also solid experience in eccomerce and application development. Too many designers only know how to make something look good, and fail to consider that you're doing business on the web. Avoid designers who rely on wiz-bang features, even a boring business like portfolio is better than one filled with tons of Flash and AJAX. Speaking of RSS, when is Feedburner going to adjust their dramatically inflated "subscriber" count that is featured prominently on sites like TC? 785K looks good and all, and at least the numbers from site to site are relative, but I'd rather see accurate numbers (not a number akin to 'hits') You get one guess, keep in mind that Arrington authored the post. It's very cool, but is in danger of being killed since Adobe bought Macromedia as there's now overlap between FW and Illustrator. And Adobe is generally pretty evil. Let's hope they keep it around. Every thread on HN about PHP garners one reply which always reads "choose another language/framework blah" Let's give people advice for their problem and specific language and keep the opinions on framework/code to yourself. First paragraph: "A source at a software company that has been working on a native iPhone application tells us the company is getting ready to launch that application on Monday" That sounds pretty definite to me. Maybe because Twitter was down? /thank you folks, I'll be here all week The Sweeds might beg to differ: http://news.zdnet.com/2100-9584_22-195865.html The meat: "However, researchers at the Swedish National Institute for Working Life said they looked at the mobile phone use of 905 people between the age of 20 and 80 who had been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor and found a link. "A total 85 of these 905 cases were so-called high users of mobile phones, that is they began early to use mobile and/or wireless telephones and used them a lot," the study said. "The study also shows that the rise in risk is noticeable for tumors on the side of the head where the phone was said to be used," it added. Kjell Mild, who led the study, said the figures meant that heavy users of mobile phones, for instance of who make mobile phone calls for 2,000 hours or more in their life, had a 240 percent increased risk for a malignant tumor on the side of the head the phone is used. " I enjoy drinking Coke after a long day's work, not for the caffeine but rather the thirst quenching attributes. I don't drink more than that due to how much sugar/acid it has. Does red wine have sugar/acid? Pure Digital should apply the same logic to their website, which currently uses bloated/time consuming Flash to deliver their product pitch. Click Products>Mino ... wait .... click a feature ... more waiting Their main Product page is an Apple inspired layout/design, why not continue that throughout? Apply gossip in graph form .. nice, not very useful to me though. Call me naive but I'm a bit surprised to hear that a company with $15 million plus allows "weed-talk" around the office. I'm not saying it's wrong or bad or the reason why Twitter has issues, just surprising. Answer: Speculators. Not a lot of meat in that article, cool motorcycle though! Fireworks: vector based, built for websites and web apps. Unfortunately it's from Adobe now too, so you deal with bloat that Macromedia wasn't very fond of. Most interesting stat of the article: "people will buy about 990 million other phones this year, none of which can run iPhone apps." I'm really getting sick of not only the hype surrounding 37 Signals but the "religion" that they shove down our throats and the media just gobbles up. Some people need to work more than 4 days per week, actually need to hire more people and actually need to add features to their software (and can't say "no" to everything) We don't all have cult like religious followers. It's like using Apple as a guide for starting a PC business. Not exactly a formula you can apply to everything. I'm sorry but the words "Google" "AdSense" and the phrase "Don't be evil" mean nothing to me now that I've had years of first hand experience with the Goog. It was cute when they coined it, and we all ate it up like crunch berries but let's get real, Google will protect their market share in advertising at all costs (which gasp sometimes mean being a little evil) USPS combined with customers of all mental capacities regularly means lost packages, and all sort of headaches. Using Amazon.com and Travelocity as examples doesn't exactly apply to companies with much smaller profit margins and less sway over matters out of their control. Those companies are working to dominate a national market and need little advantages like these to one up their competitors. For smaller fish it just doesn't make sense. From my experience in ecommerce/shipping 1 out of 1000 customers will send requests with their order like "Tell USPS to leave the package with my downstairs neighbor (4th door in right doorbell doesn't work so you gotta knock real loud) between 2:15-3:05PM on Sunday, key to the front door is under the third pot in the garden out front, watch out for the homeless guy on the corner" We'll get right on that, thanks for the advice 37signals. Yeah could we get another 37signals post on HN today? Maybe a few more dups too and I'll be complete. "I’ve worked with many web designers in the past who only did abstractions and then handed over pictures to be chopped and implemented by “HTML monkeys”." Are there actually designers who don't have to get their hands dirty with HTML/CSS? I've never met 1 in my 8 years of designing and building sites. Sounds like a nice gig. Is Ric Romero working for the NYT now? Oh wait, this isn't Fark, moving on. Excellent article and thanks for the link. "PR people fear bloggers for the same reason readers like them. And that means there may be a struggle ahead. As this new kind of writing draws readers away from traditional media, we should be prepared for whatever PR mutates into to compensate. When I think how hard PR firms work to score press hits in the traditional media, I can't imagine they'll work any less hard to feed stories to bloggers, if they can figure out how." That is why TC and Google (who both rely on the traditional PR/Media relationship) are so quick to bash concepts like PayPerPost which is basically what Paul is describing above, PPP provides direct access to the bloggers (no smoke and mirrors) The CNET article, and the linked reference: http://www.siliconvalley.com/latestheadlines/ci_9486529?ncli... really don't provide any meat. I agree that my language was a little extreme as nobody is forcing anything down my throat. I also agree with your statements about their success not being very "repeatable". I don't look to superstars or billionaires to find the secrets to success, usually their rise to stardom is very atypical and contains a good deal of luck (along with a lot of concrete factors like determination, skills and timing). I just tend to get annoyed with the self-righteous tone of many of their articles, which is then amplified by the blogosphere (probably more the source of my annoyance than anything 37 posts themselves). I apologize for the troll like post, now back to the NBA finals (go Celtics!) Working for them , a 4 day work week won't pay my two mortgages and won't put food on the table for my two daughters. Some day I hope to be there too, but it's advice I can't take now. Well said, and see my reply below (my tone was a little harsh) If MS had introduced their customers to web apps in the early 00's, they would have both shot themselves in the foot and allowed competitors to have a go at the other foot. By killing NetDocs the average business person stayed ignorant to the possibilities of applications online, therefore extending MS's cash cow several/many years longer. Beyond the IT savvy I don't see anyone using Google Docs or Zoho, and pretty much every client I interact with still relies heavily on MS Office (I have a hard time even recommending OOO as people are so used to their old tools). I'd say MS's strategy is still working quite well. Sending mass email from your own server/IP is a recipe for disaster. Prepare to be blacklisted by all the major ISP's. ConstantContact protects you from that risk and that's why they charge (but not per email as the article states) New features not in the article: Pictures in chat Random signature Custom date formats Hide Unread Counts If you want no hassle, affiliate sites are the way to go as you only generate the sales lead and they do all the rest. Once you find something that works, you just replicate. CJ.com is a good place to start. I'm not sure what you mean by "blogging business" though, you mind elaborating? Social sites where the users generate all the content are good as well, look into scripts like Pligg which are easy to install and customize to suite your niche. How about a $600 laptop for the "rich" world with $200 going towards the production of a low cost laptop for the "poor" world. Would be some good PR for HP/Dell whoever and the cost is still low for the average US/EU consumer. This combined with the news about their new limited broadband service equals some bad PR for TW. Too bad no one cars about the broadband cap ...but mess with their TV's and there will be hell to pay! I can't wait until this country (boomers) breaks it's addiction to the boob tube. Unfortunately I don't see that happening when new innovations like "Live Video" are seeing such huge growth online. No money really in blogging, unless you own a network or are a complete blogging whore/pro like John Chow. AdSense pays shit and if you run any other ad network the Goog will whack your PR and drop you from search results. You're right on about affiliates, I'd combine your idea with my suggestion, start a blog and instead of running AdSense use affiliate links. Remember the more focused your niche is the better. It's 'Craigslist', not Craig's List. /sorry, not trolling, consider this a preemptive troll strike to save you some grief later on. Ric Romero on the case. Instead of looking at it as an Arrington rant, let's discuss the idea of sharing potentially dangerous downtime data with your user base. Are they better off not knowing the details? Or should you drop your pants and share everything because it's the "Don't do Evil" approach to the extreme. That would be like a professional football team taking the advice of all the 'armchair quarterbacks" and then deciding the best course of action for next Sunday. Uh bad idea. You opened a rather large can of worms here, the short answer to your question is that you're kind of late to the game, there are hundreds if not thousands of Digg/Reddit competitors and taking on FriendFeed/Twitter has and IS being done on a daily basis (Plurk etc.) Anyone familiar with Reddit or Digg will tell you they are about as similar as a Ford Taurus and a Honda Accord. They share the same basic function but vary vastly in audience, content and culture. All that being said, if you can build a better mouse trap but all means do it. I'll be waiting on the sidelines cheering you on and sharing my thoughts on what you're doing right and wrong ;) Would like to see data from the US, as the EU is generally much smaller (per nation) and doesn't have the same "open frontiers" mentality the US does. There's a reason we have so many cars (er SUV's) and roads here. As a web designer I personally push myself when designing in Adobe Fireworks by not thinking "how am I going to code this with HTML/CSS". I simply mock it up how I want it and then figure out later the 'how' part. This prevents me from designing more simple basic sites, and keeps my HTML/CSS skills sharp. This is a no-brainer for anyone already involved in jury selection. Simply replace the term 'geeks' with pretty much any other expertise and the article outcome is the same. I'd rather see discussion on how geeks interpret evidence and data differently than non-geeks, or as pierrafar said are geeks more passionate, opinionated etc. This looks awfully like a fake 'viral' video campaign. In fact I'd put money on it. I'm going to have to say I agree with the author, Mozilla should take the moral high ground here and not default to Google but ask the user during install or the first time they use the search box. Not including Live.com seems somewhat petty on their part (or greedy if they have deals with Y! too) Why don't they go the full distance and build their own Amazon affiliate ID into Amazon searches? I'm sure that will help fund their open source browser project even better. /sarcasm I am, it's deceptive and goes against the moral high ground Open Source projects typically take. Call me old fashion but I see an issue with back room deals to generate profit that aren't explicitly outlined to the user. I'd prefer a situation where FF asks you on install which charitable foundation you'd like to donate to, which would then assign the appropriate 'id' to the search box that would effect Google/Yahoo/MS and Amazon searches. Thank You ... seriously, it's promising to see people in this discussion who actually can see beyond the Google/Firefox fog. Providing a choice does not create confusion if the interface is designed correctly. Ever consider that te FF default search choice contributes to those nifty Neilson ratings? DenisM I have to say I think you and I are alone on this. The chorus of "shhh Mozilla is making millions on this" is drumming out logical debate. Great comment, except Google and Mozilla are too busy counting their millions to care. Most popular != best Why is letting the user choose a bad thing? I'll remember this wise and helpful advice when I hit 5 million dollars in revenue. If only we all had these problems. kept reverting back to 9:56 am for me, but I followed Gizmodo and Engadget for the whole thing, alternating browser tabs to cut down on the refreshing. I tuned in but just heard a few geeks talking about what was happening, nothing live, I turned it off. Alternatives to TechCrunch, choose one, be happy: CenterNetworks Mashable! VentureBeat Read/Write Web "Just because you can, doesn't mean you should" ...goes both ways. From the comments: "Privacy is overrated. Most people who worry about privacy are compulsive masturbators who smoke too much dope. The rest are pedophiles." Smart guy, maybe he can tour with Bush/Cheney on the speech circuit. 1024x768 is #1, but the surprising fact is the use 1280 x whatever is now #2 (instead of 800x600) Thank the laptop/LCD boom for that. I mockup up all my designs at 1000 pixels wide. I'll get my car news from AutoBlog thank you very much. It's a win/win situation for Google regardless of what they do. If they ignore and let the fraud happen they get paid more, if they combat it, they look like the "defender of online advertising" and people love them for it. They key is to monitor your AdWords every day, it's all in the numbers. Let's expand the discussion, should Firefox build in affiliate codes for searches at Amazon and Ebay? Surely this would help revenue and according to most here on HN it's still ethical and should be encouraged because Firefox is a 'good cause'. He may be a new user, but already understands the way things work here at HN, anything from 37, PG or Maroon is automatic karma. I think most people that are upset are mad that our little karma formula is so easily diagnosed. Best line from the article after describing the direction Yahoo! is taking: "Well, good luck with that." It's refreshing (if its true) as Google lately hasn't been high on my list of ethical corporations. Anyone with good links for existing (free as in free) Network Monitoring/Health/Stat software? I'm striking out on the Goog. I think we can all agree Twitter probably made some mistakes, however articles like these which attempt to further shame Twitter are absurd and wasteful of all our time. Site is too slow for me to even finish the article (images won't load). Maybe Johan should spend a little less UI critique time and a tad more on web server/site optimization. I'd look into serving ads (using your own system) with affiliate codes built in that target the niche your startup is servicing. Payouts tend to be higher than AdWords, but are based on actions not clicks. From the HN Guidelines: "On-Topic: Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups." RTFG http://ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html Awesome rant, however the movement to have the OS 'browser based' is more about the old http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_PC idea than it is about web 2.0/ajax or xml. It's like a movie sequel with different actors and a crappy writer. All that just to say "put your url in your print ads" ?? This is advice I've been giving my clients for over 8 years. Same article, 1 page, no ads http://www.technologyreview.com/printer_friendly_article.asp... From the article: "Five years later, the iTunes Store has sold five billion songs, and Microsoft still doesn’t have an answer." Not quite accurate, the Zune and it's "marketplace" were launched November 19, 2006. It's an answer, not a great one but an answer none the less. They're called "Splogs", and have been dealt with by Google already. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splogs welcome to 2006 Where is the fraud? They bought legitimate keywords and sent the traffic to sites with more ads. It's pretty much the business models of tens of thousands of web properties, just boiled down (no content) and refined (automated on a mass-scale) into something that makes them millions. Search arbitrage based on geographic areas is pretty neat actually ... Let's say you buy the keyword "mortgage" which is low value/high volume because it's broad and doesn't imply intent. You then geo-target your traffic to just people in California, and send that traffic to a page with "california mortgage" ads. Which of course are much higher value as they are more targeted and represent a smaller niche. Profit. It's really quite brilliant. All done using Google's own tools. Agreed, article was weak. I'm actually surprised they (ConnectU) won this case (or Zuck buckled), from the sounds of things a new social network idea was "in the air" at the time and several teams were close to launching something similar. Who's to say ConnectU had an exclusive "right" to this idea? They simply hired a freelance coder aka consultant to hack away and surprise he though it was a good idea and made his own (apparently more popular) version. "Twitter may be a destination for millions of people and a great place for self-indulged "Internet celebrities" to massage their egos as more and more people follow them" Author and Internet celeb Don Reisinger has 1325 followers ... /massage "Permit easy reversal of actions" is kind of a toughy and rare among web apps. Also not quite an interface item as it takes some substantial functionality in the code to accomplish. B- I loved the idle "shoot the Halo guy in the crotch" part, I can't think of how often I've been idling in a game whilst talking to a noob repeatedly shooting a teammate in the crotch in CS:S Being a geek and an Internet geek at that he should be more accepting of people no matter their age. As long as they bring /something/ to the table it makes sense for them to be in your list of "friends". Curiously, IvanB is also on my list (Twitter,Plurk,IM), he's 18, I'm 27 with two kids, no big deal ... he's a Digg/social website animal (good to know for a publisher) and I also helped him try to land a gig at Mixx. Do the Chinese video surfers click more ads than the YouTube audience? With all the talk lately about YT having trouble making money, or rather Google having trouble making /enough/ money with YT, how is it that all these clones are getting so much VC? Is the speculation wrong or is the market different in the far east? Not really that creepy, and again it's based on content not author. Let's say that blogger was 15 and she blogs mostly about hanging with her friends, music and movies. I'd say you following it would be a bit creepy (as the question always is "why"). Now if that 15 year old was a programmer, hacker or had some sort of insightful ideas than following that blog isn't creepy at all. As I get older I find that my peers in IT stay younger (please no jokes about high school girls) yet my business peers become older. This will surely hit me even harder when I break the 30 mark. It seems the brilliance in IT is fueled by the young, and funded by the old. This sort of debate (good rugs vs. bad) will only become more complex as we discover and build new drugs. What is now an illicit drug (cocaine, meth, heroin etc.) will look downright silly compared to the new custom tailored get-high drugs that come out of the drug company labs. All I can say to people who are on both sides of this fight now is to "enjoy it while it lasts". The lines are only now becoming slightly blurred, in 20 years we'll look back on these times with great fondness. When we worried about blunt-instrument fun drugs and could tell the difference between a "steroid user" and a gifted athlete. They can't, and that's kind of the point. We don't understand the why yet, and are far from discovering the "why not". Your are correct, I was just drawing a defined line to simplify the conversation (maybe I went too far). However just as in real life we need to understand that interactions with "kids" need to be done with a consideration of their age, motives and expectations. They aren't lab rats we can monitor and mess with without consequence. Yet the VC crowd is dumping money on web apps like Twitter with no revenue. They do have 2 out of the 3, maybe it's like the ol' "good/cheap/fast, pick any two" thing. More interesting is this "Until now the highest profile switcher has been Auto Warehouse Co. which is in the midst of a switch of 1000 desktops" That's it?!? And they're not even done, which means the largest installation is now under 1K. Shows how far the Mac platform has to go in the 9-5 world. Not with services like www.pool.com, very easy in fact to get one after it drops. Isn't the problem with Feedburner and RSS feed stats that they count "hits" and not actual subscribers (aka unique visitors). So if my RSS reader asks Feedburner 20 times a day for new content it counts as 20 to the total? Anyone with info on this want to clarify? Wow, an entire article about the benefits of pot and working and no mention from this "Ph.D" about the difference between Indica and Sativa marijuana. For those too lazy to Google it, Sativa (usually grown outdoors) is great for working (think euphoria, and optimism), Indica (usually indoor) is for relaxing at the end of the day and "zoning out". Think 'body high' Those FUD commercials you see with the kids deflated on the couch? Indica. The commercials you don't see? Well those would be showing motivated Ph.D students working their ass off after smoking a little Sativa (apparently unaware of the chemistry behind the scenes if this article is any judge). Lesson for kids: Do your homework (this applies to your hobbies too) If you think just smoking weed will help your studies, at least make sure you're buying the right kind or a hybrid which will give you a little of both. What about for alcoholics? If refraining from something completely is bad, should we all experience LSD/Cocaine/Heroine infrequently? I would think the real damage of teetotalism would be the stress involved in constantly thinking about and addressing it. Not so much the lack of the substance in the body. About as fun as a corporate, locked-down PC is. Any evidence to back this up? I'm a web designer, I know a ton of other designers and they are all either multi-OS capable or fall firstly into the PC camp. The posers (fresh out of school, concerned about image/style still) usually are using Macs. /ducks Right, which means you need to be aware of what you're buying from your dealer and how it effects you. Buying a big ol bag of Indica, sitting down and taking a few bong rips will NOT help you finish the writing essay or give you the inspiration to code your next application masterpiece. Most likely you'll find yourself sitting on the couch watching some crappy MTV reality show too lazy to get up and fetch the remote. My point: All weed is not created equal, ask your dealer for the kind you want (and if necessary educate him/her) The large population studies this article cites aren't exactly convincing. Anyone can perform similar studies showing other correlations. The "feeding studies" are more important to scientific understanding. Also, I would think an individuals personal health profile would outweigh blanket advice like "drink moderately". Operating systems are not 'fun', it's like saying my house is 'fun'. It's what you do on or in the OS that makes it fun. I've experienced this over the years with Linux. I will from time to time install the latest greatest distro, configure it, work out all the little nagging bugs and then .... Nothing, it's not fun (unless you think getting your graphics card to work and spending 4 hours doing it is fun), in fact the goal is always to get the OS to the point where I can use it ... for something else. Shhhh, there isn't. But don't bring that up because it's very cool to use a Mac, it makes you so creative and cutting edge. Rainbows and unicorns and dogs shitting ice cream and all that. Shocking, real evidence that doesn't back up the widely accepted 'truth' that Macs are for the 'creative people'. The front end guys 'liked Photoshp on the Mac'? And this was justification to move the entire department over? Uhhhhh, I'm sorry but if I were there and were supervising this department I'd need something more tangible than that to justify spending the company's money. I'm grown up, have kids, mortgages (3 in fact!) and car payments and this weed ignorant college kid didn't strike me as whiny. Just slightly ignorant as I pointed out above. Let me guess edw519, you probably drink, both coffee and alcohol, you probably also consume your fair amount of sugar and possibly (although unlikely) smoke cigarettes. Why is it that smoking weed (to help you work/play) makes you winy and a pothead but it's ok to be a raging asshole if you miss your morning coffee/cig? You can't grow a 10 foot Sativa plant in our closet. You're better off with a hybrid that's mostly Indica (smaller bushy plants). Which if you're looking for some motivation won't help you a great deal (will help your PS3 high scores though) All Marijuana studies actually funded in the US (they are rare and typically have 1 result) should be cautiously taken into account with the knowledge that our administration does whatever it can to spread FUD to the public about the drug. Follow the money trail ... Funding, like all procedures and data used in the study is very relevant. In a perfect world it wouldn't, but sadly who is paying the bills often dictates the results of these studies. In that perfect world, there would also be scores of scientists who are paid to analyze studies like this to prove/disapprove the conclusion, but again our imperfect system means funding for intelligent study of Marijuana is severely lacking. I would imagine getting US government funds to study the "potential damage of marijuana on x" would be a lot easier than getting funding for the "potential benefits of marijuana on y". Just because we don't see competing studies does not mean the data is not there. or d) the messenger was paid to deliver only certain messages, whilst the other messengers were fired/never hired in the first place. My point as that THC is a 'substance' and should be considered like any other substances which are both beneficial and harmful to our bodies. Our society gives a pass to some substances and not others based on no real data. It seems a bit hypocritical to rail against marijuana yet we have no issues with other substances that many "rely" on to function (nicotine, alcohol, caffeine, sugar etc.) I'm more concerned with my Coca Cola (sugar/acid) intake than THC. I, unlike many Americans don't compartmentalize these substances and don't prescribe to the drugs=bad (unless Pfizer prescribes them) thinking. Thank you for this comment BTW, refreshing to see someone with such an open mind. Like you, spending time with my daughters is the single most important thing to me in the world. It probably means I won't be rich, or change the world with my startup but I'm okay with that. Being a web designer/developer I need to see the web as my customers do, with means handy plugins like AdBlock are useless to me. The idea that any company would include ad blocking tech in their web browser is insane. The web is built on advertising... talk about biting the hand that feeds you. Exactly, it worked for real estate right? oh wait The correct analogy would be that Ballmer is "licking his cookie" so know one else wants it. And no, that was not a sexual reference, think middle school lunch room. Your dog wants steak ... oh wait, this isn't Fark, sorry A 6 word headline with 3 of them being incorrect. Is that a record? Production != shipping, and they didn't name a price. sshhh, you're not supposed to say things like that out loud. Windows = bad and it's all Microsoft's fault. I'm begging 37signals to take a crack at an improved interface. Sure TripLog will get even more free PR but I'm really curious to see how they can improve it. Put your UI skills where your mouth is. Yeah it definitely didn't workout for the YouTube founders. Better luck next time I guess. Too bad TorPark (aka xBrowser and a lot of other things) swayed too far from the Mozilla/Open Source path and into the hands of a semi shady privacy company. Was a cool project. I wish I could switch, DLS and Fiber are not an option here in MA. Comcast has me by the ... you know. Yay free market! AMD competed very well with Intel for years, only recently have they fallen behind with the dominance of the Core 2 Duo chips. I wouldn't count them out just yet. Also, why would AMD who recently (2006) bought ATI sell it to Intel??? Makes no sense. It's kind of tough to succeed when your workers (with the same skills) get paid 2-3x what competing car companies pay. Profit margins are just as important to a company's success as demand. See Internet math of the late 90's for a perfect example of what 1000000 * 0 equals. GM didn't buy their own SUV's, Americans did. So while we're all quick to blame GM for cashing in on SUV's we all did the dance with GM in the 90's which got them drunk with success and profit. That being said (and to counter my own point), the first Toyota Prius came out in 1997, and I don't think I need to tell everyone what gas cost then. This article should be written about Chrysler, which many believe are in worse shape than the other "big 2". The bankruptcy watch for me goes like this; Chrysler, Ford then GM. From looking at those graphs, I'll take Cancer. What did Cobain/Young say? "It's better to burn out than fade away" Anyone who follows auto news knows this is old ... news. Autoblog.com is a good start for the uninitiated. T1 in these parts is prohibitively expensive (Cape Cod). Mostly seasonal homes around me so not many uber geeks to share the load (plenty of old people and asshole tourists from CT/NY though!) Stay with us DenisM, the lure of an article/research like this is that we might bale to control (even if only slight;y) something we deemed "out of our" hands previously. The idea that you can possibly save your own life in a plane crash contradicts what most people believe, which is usually "instant unavoidable death". Unlike ..oh car accidents. With great anticipation did I click through to read this article ready to gather evidence to blast 37signals once again for their tired "we did it, so can you, it's simple" philosophy. Instead, what I found was a very useful blog post outlining effective guerrilla techniques to get noticed. Nice post and it shows you that it's not always about who you know. Their web designers went to the "let's see how close we can get to a 37signals design" school apparently. I've seen it 100 times and it's always boring. I'm surprised this didn't happen in Florida (although LA would be my second guess) I never had a professor shoot down any paper I turned in no matter how half assed it was. I guess I was that good ... Now, it was the papers I never turned in that hurt me the most :) Holy usability nightmare Batman! Yeah see Wikia for an example of this. Monitor any semi-high volume keyword and you'll witness a parade of buries/promotions until 1 side finally gives up. Isn't monitoring where people actually surf more accurate than allowing those same people to 'vote' on a search result's relevance? I would think many people would vote one way, and surf another. What's with all the Captcha stories? Any funny business going on? It's called the 'circle of life', or the circle of poo depending on your preference. Doesn't matter how horrible the name, as Google will be serving Knol pages in the top 10 for almost all revenue generating keywords soon. If you want to get on board by writing your Knol page be warned; getting your money from AdSense only is considered risky, AdSense plus hosting your content with Google is even riskier. I've shopped for and sold a web business on the SitePoint marketplace (went for around $3K), and it's a fairly decent way to make money. Many people operate by building quick affiliate based sites, growing traffic and then selling it with "proven income" to someone for 1-3K 6 months (or less time depending on how good you are at driving traffic). What "Bo/Staff Skills" didn't make the list? I always worked backwards, knowing it ended in .us I was always able to say "del, dot icio dot us". If you want a computer that makes you "feel good" and think PC's are 'treating you like a child' (which is somehow possible with enclosure design), then you should probably stick with your shiny overpriced MAC and leave the bargains (and cheap horsepower) to us PC/Linux guys. I bought a $600 Dell Inspiron laptop ($350 rebate) and upgraded the memory, and battery to about $800 and have used it for everyday, heavy-at-times work (web design/development) for over a year now. Sure I could have spent $400-$600 more on something with a nicer case (XPS) but just because something is cheap, doesn't mean it can't be used to 'work' (and I didn't need to buy OSX just because I'm a 'designer') Also, I spend the most money on machines for 'play', like my new Inspiron 1720. Twitter clients like Twhirl don't make it any easier unfortunately. It just becomes a chore to sort and delete the static. Twitter needs a "temp-IM" feature. Or maybe something like email grouping (Gmail conversations etc.) The argument that humans will "always find another/better way" has more to do with faith in humanity than it does about any commodity and it's successor. If TechCrunch had 13 pages of posts about MY startup (or any startup for that matter), it wouldn't be failing either. "Apple’s system is much better, but Windows, through sheer Microsoft muscle, has been made to appear necessary." Wow, biased much? I think it speaks volumes of the Sugar/Linux/Open Source movement that given all this funding and laser focus on features/purpose they still can't come up with something that's usable and mostly bug free. I'm not a hater, just disappointed that in 2008 Linux is still struggling to break into the desktop market. If I had to choose sides, it would be Microsoft every damn time. Why? I'm a web designer/developer and the software suite I use everyday from Adobe costs roughly $1000 (every 2 years because I skip generations). The operating system I use everyday (even when I'm not designing) cost me at most a couple hundred dollars (prob less because it's pre-loaded) Adobe is just plain greedy, which is criticism that could be applied to MS as well, but dollar for dollar MS is raping me much less. The first rule of Apple products is you don't talk about bugs or issues with Apple products. Lack of proper tools can severely hamper your ability to excel in many fields. As a web designer, I rely heavily on my vector graphics software that can't be replaced easily by something else. The tools in this software allow me to create designs that would be impossible with other less sophisticated applications. The point of this article is only valid in a fantasy world where one doesn't look too hard at the details. You'd think as geeks we'd understand better the importance of killer-apps/killer-features and technical innovations for the world of the creative. Excellent article, I didn't know that so many startups went to Google just to rot away under mountains of management and infrastructure/policy hell. If you have any chance of making it on your own, I'd turn down Google money in an instant after reading this. When will SMS die, can you imagine if your ISP charged you for IMing but let you surf the web (and do everything else) under your data plan? I'm sure Google promised these founders all sorts of things once their application was assimilated into the borg that is Google. And with lots of money on the table I'm sure the founders grinned and asked where to sign. Closing your doors to new signups is practically like suicide. As a founder I would never agree to that if I was taking a smaller buyout in exchange for continuing to work on my application as an employee of Goog. Now if they backed up the money dump truck and sent me on my way I wouldn't care so much (although I'd probably have thousands of users who'd hate me but probably also wouldn't blame me) I think the article states that it isn't always a shitload of money. Sure it beats your part-time gig at Starbucks but why sell your app for 5-6 figures when it could be worth 7-8? If Google is interested in your application now, why wouldn't someone else snatch it up 6 months later when you have more users for a higher price? Sometimes winning the buyout lottery is selling yourself short. Key word being 'former'. Seems the brilliant work comes either from people who aren't yet an employee, or already were and left. Is Google just a giant Y Combinator? Hearing your story brings back painful memories of when AOL bought Winamp and drove that wonderful software into obscurity (and forced guy like Justin Franke to skedaddle) What good is verified communication when you can buy an SSL cert with pretty much any fake information you want. Error codes, without all the other crap (bullshit paid forums, AOL nation posts) is reason enough for me. I hereby nominate timesonline.co.uk for temporary suspension from Hacker News. Too many articles submitted recently that were poorly researched and written. Quake 2 was pretty tits when I first saw it. Half-Life too. Sub7 was definitely a holy shit moment for me in the late 90's. "enterprise-class users" are generally clueless and very stuck in their ways. This survey means nothing, and is classic (and tired) link/flame bait. Lame, I'm sorry but I don't accept his conclusion at all. Pretty bad site design for a Google project. When I pay for McDonalds what I'm paying for is the infrastructure that allows for a consistent burger/fry experience wherever I am in the world. I can walk in and describe my food according to the protocol and get it. I'm happy to do that but the food itself is just food. Palm had issues long before the iPhone came around. Brother. Guys like you are why guys that this have $100m bank accounts. It's a joke, thanks for the karma hit. It is ;) The MHz race wasn't a swindle, when MHz mattered it was a simpler world were you could compare processors without having to lookup meaningless product numbers like T850 or TL-60. The only thing you needed to remember was the Celeron/P4 distinction (and the AMD equivalent) Now each chip company spits out new products at higher and lower MHz which makes it even more confusing to consumers. Is a P4 4 GHz chip faster than a Core Duo 2.16 GHz, is a typical question I get from friends/family. "true size of the sector was hard to estimate - it could easily be twice as big" Or half as big. The article and study aren't convincing. Good article, but the final % he uses for bot traffic is only an educated guess. Bad advice, look at your stats first and then decide. If IE6 represents less than 5% (or whatever your threshold) then treat them like Nutscrape 4. However if it's the majority of your visitors it's not a great idea to piss them all off. What you you building that requires you spend 80% of your time fixing for IE6? I can't even imagine. Great little story, I wonder if they cut back health benefits for injuries related to "hauling ass" if it would re-balance. Uhh please factor in total cost of ownership. Contracts from AT&T aren't free. Don't hold your breath. I hope you're not paying $100/month to host a Pligg site with almost no traffic. Watch out for Silahsiz Kuvvetler the Turkish hacker. Seriously ;) You have your own box hopefully? $100 is about right then if that's the case. I wonder how this will effect the organic market for misspellings? Even with Google's spell check (post search) there was still a vibrant market for common misspellings. I used to know a guy who had top rankings for "Amazom" and it banked him some nice affiliate dollars for years. I'd love to see stats in a few months that show it's effect (or not). Indeed, the lesson that should be learned is to take your earnings and put them in the bank and put off buying that new office space in downtown SF and that new Porsche you've had your eye on until you have a sufficient cushion. Defensive - I'm not defensive, I just have alternate definitions for your criticisms. I would say it happens, maybe not in the dot com world so much but Americans in general live way above their means. For dot com founders it might not be the Porsche, but rather fancy offices, Segway scooters, high priced staff and company iPhones. My New Eglander sensibility means I'd be paying off debt, investing most of it and making sure my kids have their education paid for. You're not truly an Enterprise class software maker unless your apps cost at least $100K Easy to say F * the VCs when they're knocking down your door. Me? I'd hear out the first caller without hesitation. I'm a founder who's married with two kids (27 years old). One of the reasons I'm not able to join YC on even the east coast (I live a couple hours from Boston) is my family. I can't move them or myself away from them for a 'boot camp', just not feasible. I think YC is missing out on some great opportunities but that's just my viewpoint. Wow a 350z, that must have been rough. Money on the east coast is less concerned with flashy cars. Your more likely to see their money invested quietly in their homes and families. West coast/the South is all about your image, I saw more 6 figure cars in the poorest sections of Miami than I've seen in the richest places in New England. I'm glad to see The Weather Channel didn't receive any money even though they were a finalist. I don't think they need it as much as a small developer bootstrapping their app. Funny, but that would be a horrible way of downmodding. I don't think that would serve the audience/community of Hacker News well at all. If you're hiding stories that are popular, the bad content is still existing in the community and shaping the brand and therefore it's current and new audience. The benefit of Hackers News is the /users/, one only has to look at Digg to see where that goes once you open the flood gates beyond the social geek core. If we're going the animated route, what about Kyle from South Park? Ideally the value of Gina of PC World over some underpaid blogger at Lifehacker is that we assume she's actually reviewed each of these, weighed the results then wrote the article. clothing != fashion This is what students at Stanford are getting academic credit for? You'd be surprised how many don't actually know how to run properly. Yay for PR companies! They even write the articles for you. 'porn mode' if adopted by the major browser makers will be a major blow to adult advertising I wonder if Chrome will hurt Mozilla's well reported search income. Considering today's gas prices, shouldn't they have called the new JS engine "Turbo V6" instead of "V8"? Lame joke I know ;) Not releasing the list also allows the RIAA to take advantage of 'progressive' applications like this and pick and choose who they sue and who they don't. They can sit back and watch as these apps helps promote their top performers, and once they've gotten their use from it, sue the pants off of them. It's much better to keep your enemies in a space of FUD then to clearly explain the 'law' and how to abide by it. Anyone who thinks MS/Windows is dead is the fool here. What is the replacement for Windows exactly that is 'killing' MS? And you fail immediately if you say 'the browser'. Also very 'fresh' are the javascript 'next' links which prevent me from sending individual page urls to friends. Awesome usability. I'm less concerned about competition for Flash/Flex and Air than I am competition for the over-priced and bloated CS3. Agreed, I would have loved to have had Cuil's PR for my startup (even if it crashed and burned under the stress). Sorry, not impressed. A desktop shortcut to Gmail with no address bar or buttons doesn't exactly 'wow' me. I still have to login, and I have enough screen real estate that I would prefer to have those buttons/toolbars available. Why is this great? The lack of toolbars? "Standing on the shoulders of giants" is the phrase that comes to mind when people say that browsers are the new operating systems. I'm from MA, seems I fit the mold around here. I'm surprised nothing from at least a state like NY. Nothing for under 35ers? Looks like I gotta watch out mostly for auto accidents and heart disease (can't say I'm at risk for HIV) Just bought a safe vehicle to replace my aging SUV, now it's time to look at my diet/exercise. YC is less like a university (where they teach building blocks) and more like a highly selective vocational school (where your skills are directly applied) Why can't they just do the episode and keeping-in-line with past 'sensitive' topics like bomb making, skip over the part where they actually tell you how to do it? Or would it even be possible given how easy it is? If you excuse the analogy, Firefox was like the Vietnam war, started very small/gorilla style and has now escalated into a larger conflict. Chrome is more of a full frontal assault on both MS and Mozilla (not to mention Opera/Safari), some one else probably come come up with a fitting historical conflict. It does. I think the user base became "uncritical" the day Jobs took the reins back in 1997. Flaky iPhones are just the most recent example. While I disagree with you, after spending 20 minutes reading his forum post, I clicked back expecting to see the homepage of AutoBlog.com and quickly realized "oh yeah, this was on Hacker News" While they may be 'technically' accessing the web with their phones, it's not the web as we know it via our Laptops/PC's and broadband connections. My cell phone circa 2001 has net access, but I wouldn't exactly call it the "Interweb" as it was just weather/sports/news on a tiny screen walled in and horribly limiting. Good article though, and I'm sure the iPhone will influence better browsers for mobile phones which will help this. Isn't it "fuck you" money not fuck-off money? 500K is barely fuck you money, more like "screw you I'm working slightly less each year money" 'hyperintelligent' please. More like hyperlucky to get out of the dot-com boom of the late 90's with billions instead of millions. It might be good PR to NOT give Arrington an invite. In fact I'd give everyone an invite BUT him if my startup wasn't live already. Apparently Captain Obvious needs to spend some time with the Gizmodo bloggers. The LAST thing you want is your CEO and fellow developers doing is reading a book on good UI design. Do yourself a favor and consult an expert in the field (designer) and leave the CEO/developers to do things that they're actually good at (like promote the company and code) Does Google really need another PR-fluff piece? It would be like another article on how good Exxon-Mobile is at making money. We get it, move on please. Hmmm seems like a clever email list gathering scheme. It's also apparently working quite well with over 23,000 sources. The best admin interfaces are ugly as shit, but work quickly and efficiently and require almost no training. The "release early" people are advising a black/white solution to something that is very 'gray'. What they mean is don't spend years on your app and then only release it when it's 100% perfect. My advice? Don't let perfect ruin good (see DNF). Very nice site, and in the same industry as my startup... /begin shameless self promotion/ www.OtherWeather.com /end/ Would love to have reports from people in the path on my site as well. From the home page: "It’s time to put a deadline on dropping IE6, and I say that time is now, and the deadline should be soon say like, March 2009" All aboard the fail-boat! March 2009-ish should be a specific date, with some sort of counter to give people a sense of finality and impending doom. A little story, some what on topic about fast/expensive cars. A developer friend of mine, who is much younger and less 'attached' recently bought a new 2008 Subaru Impreza WRX STI. Fantastically fast, pretty expensive compared to most mainstream cars and sure to get attention wherever he drove. However, his first girlfriend post car purchase didn't even have a clue what a WRX or STI even was when asked and therefore wasn't impressed at all with his ride. He was slightly disappointed. The lesson here is to buy something that is shiny, flashy and sure to attract females (think Mercedes, BMW, Porsche), not an understated best bang-for-your-buck pocket rocket like the STI. Doesn't matter how clueless he is, perception=reality when it comes to users. You must have no expenses, amazing. Do tell. This is the same guy who sold Netscape to AOL for 4.2 billion and took a job at AOL as their CTO. Which makes me somewhat doubt his judgment on browser related issues. Herpes dating site's are actually quite popular (1 in 5 Americans are infected) so your example pretty much sucks. If you have herpes, joining a "positive" dating site means you can date without having to worry. Anyone have numbers on the Ubuntu install base and if it's steadily growing? Which begs the question, is it real at all? Many of these scams involve lonely Americans who are convinced to ship the stolen products overseas after they are purchased and shipped with stolen card numbers. These Nigerians are targeting the lonely, dumb and Internet connected in American and using them to steal everyone's money. Comforting. I would argue that Apple went too far with iTunes when they started bundling ... anything. Reminds me of another media company that took over your system up upgrades .. any remember RealNetworks? "It started in Boston’s South Station in November 2006 where one night, while waiting for the Chinatown bus to New York, I wrote the first lines of code of what eventually became Dropbox. I had forgotten my USB drive at home and was frustrated that I couldn’t get any 'real work' done." Ha, classic 'founder story' as discussed 7 days ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=294663 The photo for Gary Vaynerchuk in the header kind of makes him look like Mr. Bean. Not a very well supported article (Hulu and Pandora that's it), and as the first commenter wisely points out; there are HUGE non English web networks that his author is simply not recognizing (probably because she only speaks English) I once woke up after some late night computer operating (under the 'influence') and thought my webserver had been hacked. It turns out I half-installed several scripts the night before and gave up before completing leaving a mess of non-working scripts on my webserver. I spent 60 minutes changing all my passwords before I realized what I'd done (still don't remember why or what I was trying to do that night) At least I didn't waste any money on crap from Ebay. In related news.. ""Apple has responded quickly to reports that its initial release of iTunes 8 caused STOP errors on some Windows machines" Anyone else find that statement gloriously ironic? Screw going west, go east .. I'm out on Cape Cod and loving it. Solution: 1 bed, two comforters. Excellent article exposing what most people who do business with Google already know. Search arbitrage or not, Google is in a position to force out anyone they are not 'partners' with. This case isn't nearly as bad as many arbitrage cases out there, and I would argue that even true arbitrage is healthy for the market, identifying and exploiting inefficiencies in the ad market and correcting them (and who's to say you can't make some money doing that?) Example of 'helpful/legit' arbitrage: you buy from AdWords the keyword "mortgage" and then geo target your ads to only customers in California, sending them to a page with AdSense ads for the keyword "California mortgage" which pays higher than the national/non geo-specific term. The problem with this is Google wants both the 'mortgage' term AND the "California mortgage' term and objects to you profiting from their advertisers over paying. Call me crazy but I think Microsoft should be allowed to do just that, and as a result I'm fine with Apple's decision on this (and I rarely defend Apple on anything). I see Negative Nancy is already here. Jees, cut the guy a break. Oh man, what I could do with only a few hundred thousand dollars of pure development and UI work. It's pretty much a glorified website directory, and not a great example of the types of sites that have a legitimate beef with Google's heavy-handed tactics. Why is MarketWatch.com saying the price was $54 million? http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/best-buy-acquire-napst... {08814974-C2C6-4134-BAE6-AC9651B16AB8}&dist=msr_2 ^ holy mangled URL, so much for pasting that here. But without the creepy Scientology-Cruise baggage. I'll buy anything not published and DRM'd by EA. You can't plan for hypothetical future visitors with unknown needs and wants. Design and build your idea based on your research and if/when you survive the first 6 months, then start to add features requested by your community (and thank whatever almighty you believe in that you do in fact have a community ) Now, if some VC dumps a bunch of money on you, then by all means throw in everything but the kitchen sink and burn, burn, burn that cash until you exit ;) Some revolt... as the commenter said they should just stop using the damn site and leave the third party developers alone. That fact that they need classic Facebook so much they're willing to become a 'developer' to exploit a profile work-around means they're more addicted to Facebook than the average user. It's a win-win for FB. All I know is I'm still fully addicted to Counter-Strike a full 8 years after I first played it so Steam is alright with me. I don't even remember paying the original fee (maybe $50 years ago), and I don't need to mess with discs or reinstalls. Just download Steam, login to my account and BAM! all my games are downloaded and ready for playing, no patching no mess. Genius. Now if Valve wanted $50/year to maintain my access to CS:S (something I can see Google doing), I'd find a new game. Completely off topic but... Hah, notice in one of the screenies the 'hacker' is playing Counter-Strike:Source, which ties in nicely with today's other big story (Google/Valve) Story already has 3 karma points... maybe that's why? Regardless, I did as asked and refrained from upvoting. Your analysis is flawed, ST doesn't make money when you 'view' ads, but rather when you click them. The many layers of pages are probably meant to inflate the sites overall size/page count. If ST was interested in making the most money from ads they wouldn't force the user to keep clicking but would instead trick them into click ads that looked like 'categories'. I've seen much worse out there, example; business.com which is a Google partner, check out how many 'sponsored ads' appear above the 'real' results, it's waaaay worse than what ST does. But agreed, ST is not a perfect example of Google's bad behavior. They don't. Open-sourcing CS would be awesome. Bring the game full circle back to the days when it was just a fee mod made by Gooseman and Cliffe. What ever happened to those guys? Can you point to at least one "established set of enterprise "web" applications" that supports this claim? It is to some people, the 'Internet celebrity' (Calacanis etc.) crowd would gladly throw thousands/year at Twitter as it allows them to grow their image/social circle. THe three main points I was able to extract were reflected in the title: Innovate or die. Consultants suck. Digg sucks because they didn't cash out .. and er tried to innovate but failed? I'd agree with 2/3 There's an 'edit' link for a reason, replying to your own reply is just silly. Maybe we should focus on getting people to trade in their riding mowers for push mowers first before making the jump to reel. It's like asking an SUV owner to buy a bike. Also, my enviro-green conscious parents bought an electric rechargeable mower a couple years back and love it. Let's discuss the value of releasing information like this besides the usual intellectual curiosity? Does this sharing help the Digg community grow stronger or larger? Or is this meant for potential investors to show they are 'alive and well' behind the curtain? Depends on your perspective. To those who organize and put on TC50 (and who fund them), these are small fish and would fit the 'startup' definition easily. For regular 'joes' like you and I who are struggling to get any funding these are far, far beyond startups and represent success stories. The impression I got was not that they lied to their own computers, but rather those who programmed the alarms did so inadequately and could not handle the complexity of the transactions. His doctor analogy is good, but not exactly perfect. Something more along the lines of hiring a med student for your physical instead of a grey-haired professional. While my CAC on Yahoo's system is a bit lower, I actually wouldn't mind having 1 interface to manage my two CPC campaigns as Google's system is slightly better. I am however worried about what this means for cost, as MSN isn't even competitive in this market. How much did it cost to make? I think with Android the 'pond' will be much larger and will make $250K look quaint. They forgot Step 23: Apple kills your app because it threatens a planned/existing native app. No backstory? How am I supposed to feel about this? I have no idea who these 90 were. Is Digg banning IP's or are these people allowed to just create another account. On a related note, I too was one of those people who had lives before Google, and maintained a Yahoo mail account for over 10 years now. Until recently when Yahoo locked me out of my account for no good reason. I'm sorry (I'd love to poop on this) but this little gem: "Therefore, if you collect a bunch of Web 2.0 engineers in San Francisco, the inevitable outcome is the OpenSocial Foundation: a nonprofit organization that only exists to support an API for programming social network applications." Is hilarious. +1 I have to agree with you here, although the only reason I visits Tom's anymore is for those mega CPU/GPU charts so I know where my card/chip fits in the scheme of things. Interestingly the home page doesn't feature that intrusive left hand column ad. It's still very 'gee-wiz' science, I think the longest carbon nano tubes in ribbon form are only measured in inches. See http://www.spaceward.org/ for more information, or search "space elevator competition". Google using Linux as a base OS to deliver Chrome+Applications? I'm not holding my breath. One only has to look at how they handled Chrome to see how they will handle the OS. Instead of taking an established open source browser like Firefox, Google started from scratch and took the best from FF3, IE7 and Opera to create Chrome (along with their own special sauce) If we translate that to the OS, they'll take the best parts from XP/Vista, OSX and Linux and create their own. There's simply too much legacy, assumptions and classic thinking in your typical Linux distro for Google to be interested. He who controls the present controls the past. Matt, most of the stories on NonHackerNews.com could be on HN with no issues. So I don't get it. Why do you want to splinter a community you've helped build and maintain one of the top accounts with? Why name it NonHackerNews and not RandomSocialNews.com or LightlyModeratedSocialDiscussion.com? I don't see what this new site has to do with HN at all (besides you) It's like I've stumbled upon bizaro Friday. not this guy again /not a fan of this author I'm sorry but I didn't understand any of that. Can some one translate? The peak of humanities's "do everything from the car" mentality. We're supposed to discuss ... a discussion on Reddit? On a related note, I increased my client's daily spending limit with Google AdWords 10% today. Quick! 5 business ideas built around the NetFlix API ... go He has a point, it's like gas prices. They jack them up in the summer and then come fall the small decreases seem like a screaming deal. Rinse, repeat each year. Apple is just doing this with control over their mobile OS, albeit in a much shorter time frame. Other countries also love the stuff we in America produce, I think Buffet said in his Charlie Rose interview that we export 12% of our GDP which is good but also pales in comparison to how much we consume which is where a lot of the global market makes it's money (from US consumers). Leveling up is what it's all about actually. It's Blizzard's job to make that process fun along the way, so the goal doesn't become the only reward (which I'm afraid is the reality with WoW now). If not, it's a huge impediment to new users and casual gamers. It would be horrible if Pandora's algorithm's were effected by some sort of 'deal' like you describe. I hope they can stick to their guns and not bow to pressure to play the 'hot new singles' more (or sneak in unrelated trash). My iPod is pretty, but "stable" and OSX are not two words I use in the same statement. I think my iPod has gone down more than my two Vista machines since I've owned them. While I agree the article is not very compelling (it sort of rambles on and sticks in a random political jab at the end) please don't say this isn't Hacker News. What a disaster of a website design. N eat idea though, I think if more American's knew what was being said about them they would adjust their actions, or least attempt to counter with some good PR. Being passionate about programming, and software development is great (be happy you've found your thing ). Choosing your platform based on your desire for wealth is probably not a great idea. Stick with what you love and you'll be happy. If the money comes than it makes it that much sweeter. Where in the hell to you live? I can't imagine any police force in the US ignoring that call. Maybe you're some sort of local hooligan who cries wolf? You're obviously also pretty foolish to simply let yourself be passively robbed. Although kratom is un-scheduled, and completely legal, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has become aware of kratom in recent months, and has added it to their list of "Drugs and Chemicals of Concern". Thanks for spoiling it for us all David ;) Mystery meat navigation at it's best. Whoever designed this mess thought they were pretty clever (fail). A classic, thanks for reminding me of that. I loved watching the video of it in action. I would add that intelligent and successful people maintain a public religious affiliation even if privately they think it's all a bunch of hooey. If the community/customers believe you believe in a higher power, your are considered "one of them" and they simply trust you more. Knowing someone has the "fear of god" sits better with religious folk than someone who simply answers to their own morals and principles. /ducks We all are feckless actually, as they (the gov) represent us. The question is: To rent or buy? Using Gears right now to build home inspection software for a client. The one major issue so far is the time involved to program the syncing when going back online. Offline support is great, it seems however that Google left the online sync "up to you". No thanks, I'll take stability over new features. WP 2.6 has been a disaster for me with media and backend issues. Customer question: How do I make my 7 year old computer run faster? Apple 'Genius': Buy a new Mac. Geek Squad: Uninstall bloated apps, remove startup programs, buy (cheap) memory upgrade, run optimization utilities etc. Which answer takes more 'genius'? It's a complete and balanced ecosystem. If this particular VC starts funding only paid services (and started an industry wide trend), there will be an opening for free services to take on the funded/paid startups. This post really means nothing to the average startup founder, some services as tialys points out will never work with a paid model (Facebook, Google, Twitter etc.) Google is an advertising company. Good point, which highlights the problem with this approach. No one wants to give Google/MS/Facebook all their personal private data just so their searches can be customized. PageRank = Wisdon of SEO Experts. It's easily manipulated and will someday die when a better mousetrap is developed. Imagine the frustration if you are a software developer and are actually searching for Geological Association of Canada and Google/MS only returns for Global_Assembly_Cache because of your 'profile'. Fail. Just in time for the second dot com bubble burst. Soon you'll see these at auctions for fractions of their original asking price. Note to self: "Keep self out of Soviet Russia". "Various other things have been tried: music as a loss leader for concert tickets, advertising-supported music services, even virtual tip jars that allow fans to pay whatever they think an album is worth. None of it has worked." It hasn't? Does anyone have evidence to back this up or is this author just making assumptions? The concert ticket/merchandising model still works to this day for many bands (because they get horked on even legit CD sales by the recording companies). The tip jar model has only been tried by a few very successful bands, any evidence that it was a failure? And you've used 20 words to do the same. Me: 11 Same here, good ol' Mortal Kombat on the ti-83 was a blast. Then of course there was my own version of "Drug Dealer" Ah memories of high school math class. Doesn't take much to kill a WordPress blog without wp-cache or similar. Was up for me just now. An iPhone formatted page? That's a first for me. Odd, but I like it due to the lack of ads and clutter. Dubai is the world's Las Vegas, and I agree is not immune to the worlds impending economic slowdown. Thankfully they have essentially unlimited cheap/free/slave labor to continue building. Oh, and the rich keep getting richer, which doesn't hurt. Don't you know? The only people who visit this site are from CA/MA. Linus is exactly the type of person I'd expect to never Tweet. This probably belongs in the original DuckDuckGo feedback thread (but it's long buried now) but why does the "more images" link to a Google image search? The thumbnails are fed from Flickr, and I fully expected to be taken to Flickr when I clicked 'more'. I'm more curious about what this means for the valuations of the post dot com bubble 1.0 titans like Facebook, Digg and others. They're not going to die of course but I wonder if their values will deflate. Forget your startup, I'd be more concerned with your day job with the overall economic downturn (unless your self employed). If you're like me with a startup that "gets not respect" I wouldn't be too worried, as you/we were never part of this 'party' to begin with. Exactly, see startups focusing on new energy, frugal living and international markets. No, sounds a lot like 'fundamental business logic'. Nothing 37signals does is new to the traditional business world (just VC funded 'exit strategy' startup minded folks) OR... because the job market is in the crapper, kids will extend their college visits, giving them several more years to waste networking on sites like FB, thereby keeping FB's valuation high and their profits coming when the markets rebound just in time for their "revenue plan" I think the Swiss franc was up a bit too. But don't get your financial advice from Hacker News. Find your next web development job locally. Get out and network with your local business community. It's a lot more effective than competing on SitePoint or Elance with 20 'offshore' firms on a 100 hour project for a measly $500. Monday morning quarterback always knows what's best. They simply did not know (no matter what they say now) and were too busy cashing out at the height of the boom. Now, they want to buy up assets and it benefits them to push valuations lower. Not crazy, and not exactly his idea (but might be a good one) Just like 'McCain's idea' of buying up bad mortgages and re-negotiating new values/payments ... Hillary proposed it months ago. Oh and davidw is right, politics as usual. I'm a web designer, startup founder and Hacker News ...uh addict. Drop me an email and I can probably help you out. I love how CNN and others run these pictures as if these "face palm" moments don't happen every single other day (even in good times) FUD at it's best. The 'going back up' part is where all the money is made. 329 is the magic number (of worthlessness) eh? 328.8 as of right now. I submitted this with a funnier headline. /we don't want this to be Fark Geek. DNF: It'll be done when it's done. Ebay was weak before this 'downturn', it's just a bad excuse for a fading brand. Ebay needs to reinvent itself to stay relevant. Amazon just keeps on rolling. I made it to the third paragraph before I bailed... I think it's common here to brag about how many hours you work for your startup/business/job but I think it's missing the point entirely. How about the argument that the branding of online 'theft' as 'piracy' has been a boon to the offline Pirate product/apparel business? What kind of self respecting hacker would admit to the cops "yeah I'm a super kick ass hacker with mad skills" and risk invoking more punishment/hassle? "I learned how from the Intertubes officer." Think of snappy, quotable 1 liners and carry yourself very well/polished. And the grass was green and the sky was blue. 'Circle of life' FTW. What if I work in the dark? This is one of those threads that just never dies. The market does not need to "recover" fully in order for life to return and remain normal for most people. Simply getting back to "where we were" is an arbitrary goal. Looks like Clipmarks but instead of bookmarking/blogging it's for printing. In an ideal world yes, you would have differing presentations. I would imagine someone like Amazon has experience in this area. Also, see the difference between mens/womens categories at online retailers. That trip to Mexico at the 'all you can eat' resort my wife and I took when she was 6 months pregnant suddenly looks like brilliant vacation planning. I would say Snow has some blame in this along with Henry. People didn't "buy houses they couldn't afford". They bought houses who's value was 40-50% inflated and then had that value disappear, almost overnight. I love how this 'crisis' is blamed on over-reaching Americans, but only one side of the transaction. It takes two to tango, but don't forget the millions of Americans who made billions selling homes at grossly inflated values. "But Sequoia also has limited money to invest in existing companies, because money from new funds can’t be invested in old companies, according to standard fund agreements with its investors." Pushing valuations lower by FUD is good business. "why would your startup do a better job?" Isn't that the point of what we do? Building something better, faster, smarter than established business? If you don't think you can be more efficient/better than big media apply for a job there and leave the innovation to true Hackers. It was a joke, but I'm enjoying the responses. High pasta diets are not exactly on the menu in Mexico. On a somewhat related side note, last night the wife and I wanted to watch some of the Tina Fey/SNL Palin spoofs and by default we headed to YouTube to search. After not finding much, we backed out and found NBC was streaming the full clips. The point? It will take a while for big media to encroach on GooTube's dominance. With deals like this, it will make it even harder. I get my financial advice from "midnight code monkeys". For me it's "booyah!". Said shortly after I prove or disprove something. How common is noscript really? Do you run a site like Hacker News, or is your audience the 'other' 99.99999% of people that have never even heard of noscript? Kudos if you've actually done some analytical research on your visitors and are stating facts about your actual traffic. Boooo if you are assuming that your browser addons are commonplace just because you and your buds use them. The sub heading of the article more accurately describes their point about Sequoia as "Monday morning quaterbacks. Armchair quarterbacks would mean that Sequoia is not directly involved in the industry and is chiming in on something they know nothing about (not speaking of something with the benefit of hindsight like the term "monday morning" confers). Weebly is pretty good as you can at least assume someone will know how to spell it when they go home and Google the term. "Instead, though, we have a proper site suggestion that is clear and directs the user where they meant to go" Not what the article is about. Domain squatters are registering commonly misspelled domains and filling them with Google ads. The point is whether or not they should be allowed to own these domains (copyright), and whether or not Google should be allowed to profit from them. I don't think anyone is advocating a different way of 404 handling (another huge area for potential profit, see NSI/FF etc.) I recently bitched on Twitter about my bad HD service from Comcast, within minutes I had a reply from a Comcast rep on Twitter offering to fix my problem. Within hours I had a phone call from another rep who left me her direct line and told me to call anytime the symptoms appeared. If Twitter can make Comcast connect with their customers better, anything is possible. A developer using Photoshop, now that's scary. "...I honestly feel safer out here than I did in Vegas... I also never work outside of the camp's secured perimeter. " In one line he skewers CNN for portraying Iraq as dangerous, and then another he talks about working within a US military secured perimeter. So which is it? Seeing as I already bought into CS3, this is a generation I'll skip and spend that money on other aspects of my business. Before clicking, I fully expected some sort of synthetic bacon machine integrated into an alarm clock. But it's just ... bacon. Hilarious. It's a very high level indicator that has so many * it really should only serve as a starting point to evaluating a companies worth. Debt, and actual cash on hand (and any toxic investments) are the next levels of analysis. Germany (and WWII) has got nothin' on Laos (and Vietnam) in regards to dropped bombs and unexploded ordnance. I love how in an article describing how data can be manipulated to meet any conclusion, Matt cites that the stock market has on average gone up 10% every year and real estate has gained 1% since the great depression. Who here has money invested from the original great depression? Anyone? I get his point, and agree with the entire piece but using one set of data to show how using another set of data can be misleading is ... silly. Agreed, I could pay a $15K/year mortgage in my sleep. "He also says that money did not disappear into thin air, but went to the homeowners who sold their home for a large price to those who are "stuck" with them now" Exactly, this money isn't evaporating. For all of those people who bought overpriced homes is a person who sold an overpriced home and pocketed a large profit. I always tell clients launching a website is like opening a business in the back of a burned out warehouse (the marketing soft sell) Become your own Registrar, and buy the domains wholesale for $10/year. http://resellers.tucows.com/opensrs/ /I use GoDaddy Seeing as how many novice computer users can't bring themselves to organize their pictures/files/music, I can't see this non-install movement as a good thing. Just think of your average Windows/OSX desktop, it's usually cluttered with shortcuts, downloaded files, music, photos etc. Now imagine that with 10-20 application folders (which by the way if you mess with will cause your app to stop working) We need to help users logically organize their content first, before we can attempt to allow them to pick where their applications reside. Most don't even have a concept of file structure. Casual piracy is easily stopped, you could argue that it's already been 'solved' with online activation. For hardcore pirates, it doesn't matter really as they'll find a way to get their booty with or without the 'install' procedure. You can still have an application that doesn't install, but uses activation to ensure it's the only copy running. I'm always pleasantly surprised when an application I download doesn't 'install'. When I click the downloaded file and it just ..runs, my typical reaction is "oh, well isn't that nice". But then my next question is always, "where should I store this unicorn of an application" My first instinct is to create a Program Files folder, and then make a shortcut, but I know that's just wrong. So typically it ends up stored with other random program/iso files but rarely used because there is no Start Menu shortcut to remind me that I have it. The one exception being Thunderbird Portable which I use all day. Would you trust/encourage a guy who shoots a horse in the head just to see something on the bottom of the sea floor eat it? "The specifics of the attack haven’t been released and officials say the president’s bank could face sanctions if it’s found their security procedures, or lack thereof, contributed to the hacker’s attack." I love how when this happens to the French President the bank might face sanctions for their lousy security. But if it happens to your average user, you're on your own to detect the theft and re-assemble your life. Please not another advocate that uses CSSZenGarden.com as a reference. It's a great 'proof of concept' but it no longer impresses me or means anything in the real world. Show me YOUR site, and how it can be completely changed with just a flick of the CSS switch and I'll be impressed. Most (arguably all) CSS designs are built to accomplish 1 layout and 1 design. Now, for more simple changes, like fonts, colors, and small layout changes CSS is the tits. Browser standards, like traditional industry (cars for example) move pretty slowly. To say that somehow we're going to suddenly leapfrog this tech after years of slow progress would be unlikely. Keep the AdSense, donate the money to charity. Asshat. My Facebook friends .. let me show you them, My Facebook friends. "nothing fundamentally unsatisfying with XP" The security was pretty 'unsatisfying' to say the least. Vista came a long way in protecting users .. from themselves. Money?