This is fantastic, great job! Two years of OS updates and three years of security updates. The devices that google had and weren't using Qualcomm CPU got updates for a lot longer (e.g Nexus Player). It gets very, very annoying for Google to try to support phones that use CPUs that don't update or release anything anymore. Please explain. > consumers would dump those ISPs in favor of others. Competition does not exist in the US for ISPs. > Some Companies Take Up More Bandwidth Than Others. They pay for that bandwidth and we pay for the connection. Asking companies to pay more so they're not artificially throttled does not make sense in the actual world of the internet. > The Government Still Allows Discrimination In Traffic. Saying because there is vague language in NN we need to get rid of it entirely does not make any sense what so ever. You don't demolish a building because the window is broken. > Barriers to Entry Are Created NN removes barriers to entry for many startups that simply can't pay the "troll bridge" of the ISPs. > Technological Stagnation These ISPs that are for the removal of NN were given billions of dollars in tax breaks to make the internet better in the US. NN has nothing to do with development of the internet, and using Europe as an example is pretty stupid. Europe has NN, they also have heavy governmental regulation in terms of the last mile. Saying NN is bad because it doesn't solve that problem is like saying oranges are bad because they can't power your car. It's a totally different matter. > Internet Taxes Could Happen If these taxes are used to deploy more public owned fiber lines, I'm all for it. > Content Restrictions From The Government NN has nothing to do with this. Can't you export your contacts? Most of them come with the email too. I've used firebase before, the default settings have proper read and write settings per user. So are you implying monetization make you all the adjectives you stated? Does someone have a nice guide to do full disk encryption, and other recommendations so that we can at least be a little certain our data isn't being tampered with? The problem is the deep integration between iCloud and Apple devices. Lots of stuff can't be just backed up to a different cloud provider/do locally. You need to document it better. Right now this just looks like a side project that is forgotten. Nothing against you, but good documentation is necessary for acknowledgement and adoption. They'd need to move their servers to google cloud platform. And then they'd still be blockable if Russia decides to block Google entirely. In that case it is definitely possible for them to circumvent the ban. If that happens, Russia would have no way of blocking the app other than DNS blocking which can be simply mitigated against as well. See this is the issue. When looking at the support of terrorist organizations, you need to look at it from both sides. America and NATO have waged wars in basically every neighbour of Iran except a few. They've been directly helping Saudi Arabia with selling them a crazy amount of weapons. Saudi Arabia is a state that has many times threatened Iran. All these support for different factions are a geopolitical game. Criticizing Iran for playing the game doesn't make sense as the second they stop their statehood is threatened. I just would like to add that I hope they stop, but I know why they don't. Now about the nuclear weapons. This is simply not the case anymore. Let's tackle what you said about that one by one. - Iran is developing nuclear weapons. - No they aren't. The agreement they made with 5+1 clearly puts Iran under a magnifying glass of scrutiny. The EU and the white house have said countless times that Iran is keeping their side of the deal up. - Threatening Israel. - This is true, however, Israel is the only country that hasn't signed the NPT. Yes they can technically make nuclear weapons now since they haven't committed to not making it, but at the same time saying Iran threatens them is an understatement. There have been dozens of Israeli officials that have threatened Iran with war. AIPAC has been seriously lobbying in the US to go to war with Iran. So it's not one sided, it's not like Israel is this shining rainbow and Iran is the evil fire nation. Let's stop looking at stuff in black and white. They added two more caffeinated varieties. The collusion investigation and Muller's potentially damaging report? Why? Gender is a spectrum and you can fall anywhere on this spectrum. It is also not biological, it can change anytime and multiple times. As dragonwriter put it earlier, your claim relies on two fundamental assumptions that are plain incorrect. You didn't make an argument. Your "transpose" is literally called a strawman argument. How is this Microsoft's fault? If drivers are getting no updates, how should the OS help? What do you define as a mental disorder? Anything that differs from the norm? How do you define the norm? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity Even if it is, as you put it, a mental disorder, let's not use that as an excuse to dismiss it, alright? >> Lol Is that your response to this? "Lol"? Nice way to have a discourse. Looks like you've made up your mind and are dismissing anything that is different with your opinion. >> which claim? The claim that this creates abuse potential. >> [citation required] What do I need to give you citation on? That same-sex abuse can happen? Or that sexual preferences are by default hetrosexual? Pretty sure both of those are a non-question. > Can I claim to be a female today and use girls' shower? Yes, if you absolutely believe you are a female then yes. I don't believe you using a girl's shower means you're abusive. I don't think I have the right to take away your freedom to be who you want. > Seriously? Feminists demonize men for inappropriate looks, but you think that shared locker rooms are not a problem? Do you not think this is a blanket statement? Who do you see as the manifestation of feminists? Feminism is a vast movement. Judging an entire group because of a vocal minority is kinda like saying muslims are terrorists because of 9/11, London, etc (this isn't my argument, but I'm just saying how absurd it sounds to make a blanket statement against an entire group) Its DNS. How do you propose they have access to the data? Sure they are. However, all dns servers are going to have this issue. Even most selfhosted ones, like a self hosted pihole use Google DNS as its backend. The data is far less valuable than your original claim of "Why would someone route their traffic through your servers" which sounds like a VPN/Proxy. AES-GCM is great tbh. Authenticated encryption built into one. You're literally active on his website :P I'm going to get downvoted to hell by saying this but... He also implied that women who get into google are there because the bar is lowered. This implication means when he sees a female coworker, he automatically assumes they're less "effective" than a male co-worker and they're only there because the standards were lowered for them. Essentially this makes the workplace hostile. If you're a woman, you know that this guy thinks "less" of you because of the way you were born. He basically put into words his implicit and explicit biases towards women. How does this apply to other countries where women are higher in STEM and tech than men? For example, in Iran more than 60% of STEM students are female. Automatically assuming that women are there because the standards were lowered for them. Indicating that when he's working with a female co-worker, he thinks they shouldn't be there and the only reason they're there is because of "reverse discrimination". He spoke about affirmative action as well, but most of his arguments were against women. Oh I was definitely not saying Iran should be a role model for the rest of the world. I'm saying examples exist that prove the negation of the "biological" argument. Which brings doubt into, if we're raising boys and girls without considering gender norms would boys really outnumber girls in tech? Women are forced to take STEM? What the fuck kind of statement is that? The number of Iranians in Iran vastly outnumber the ones studying outside of Iran. Especially in undergrad. Please give me sources that Iranian women are forced to study STEM. My source is I've lived in Iran nearly most of my life. How do you handle the traffic? How much does this cost you to run? Organic food isn't necessarily better for the environment either. It takes a lot more resources (land, manpower, etc) to produce Organic food. I think you misunderstood the article. Google didn't take away their domain. The domain is still owned by Daily Stormer. Google just refused to accept it to be transferred to them which is perfectly within the rules of ICANN. Read about the paradox of tolerance. At some point you need to draw the line. This line is going to be fuzzy as hell, but if you don't you're going to end up with a ton of intolerance. You could believe this, but that doesn't make it the proper way. To be honest, we don't know how to stop these ideas. The nazi party came into power with less than 40% approval and gained that power that nearly destroyed the world. It's scary to say but there are theories floating around from hundreds of years ago that were made by different philosophers about the nature of these. For example, the paradox of tolerance is one of these theories. I'm not saying we should be violent, I'm just saying we have absolutely no idea how to deal with this. This is exactly what I mean by the paradox of tolerance. If we're tolerant towards intolerance, we're going to be outed. What if their beliefs are ruining other people's lives? Where do you draw the line? They also have constant security issues. Some of these security issues make you doubt the quality of the code that Gitlab has... Use your own email, at least if gsuite takes it down you can host it elsewhere. This is terrifying... Americans are already paying a shit ton for internet access. Any increase in price is artificial. And somehow you're going to have to accept that fact that people are going to lose their keys. You're going to want to make sure you can properly reissue one to the correct person. You put your public (and private if you want) pgp key on there. Then you make public posts on your social media signed with that key. This way, you show everyone that you own these accounts or websites or whatever. If any of the proofs changes, it puts it on a timeline. If your account has a hard reset it notifies all your followers. Basically its safeish key sharing in the modern world. How do they know you are who you say you are? What's stopping me from calling them and asking them for a new card on your behalf? Yes, but it's electron. I've honestly seen only one properly written Electron app and it's VSCode. Everything else electron sucks. VSCode is not great either but it's much better than say, Atom or Slack. Nope, they kept it because there weren't better alternatives. You can use a public key in the dns record and also activate dnssec. But dnssec isn't really that secure so... I don't see how is this even related? The video is the typical misinformed bashing of feminism, etc. As a customer I would prefer a live demo. Usually a video demo, unless it has to be video (time-lapse etc) will not get my attention and I will ignore it. No way I'm buying something without a live demo. Well this isn't a normal OS that an everyday user uses? There are people who don't want any binary blobs from Google on their devices. I don’t think anyone is specifically blaming Russia. If they are that’s a pretty naive thing to do. When I personally talk about Russia, I just point out that this happened. This being the rise of fake news, etc. We should remember it was the United States and her allies that normalized this behavior. We should take a few lessons from this, when we do something unethical or questionable these tactics are going to be normalized and other countries are going to use them. Another example is Trump ordering an attack on a sovereign nation without that nation asking or any resolution passing in US Congress or the UNSC. We need to understand that this is the age we live in, and that we need to work around fixing these issues. Not blaming others or trying to reverse technological processes. What management wants is not what shareholders want. What you’re saying is impossible and the law needs to fix this, not appeal to emotion. Are we blaming phone manufacturers for putting new technologies in phones now? Also to be honest at least on android phones you can use various solutions, like plugging into your pc. On iPhone you’re essentially stuck with iCloud or iTunes. Try doing that and then opening a location through iMessage. So we have a channel in Telegram that mirrors hackernews... and this just happened so I guess it's a nice meta bug? https://i.imgur.com/JtbCGkB.png (Disclaimer this doesn't happen, like ever) Are there any demos for this still available? So we should expect grad students, that have no other source of income, to rely on $10-20K a year for rent, food, transportation, and everything else? TBH what kind of game doesn't use https... Depends on the VPN. Https handshakes are very different than say openvpn. But you can definitely hide your vpn behind the https protocol. This is much better nowadays but bgp is still problematic. Not doing it would be devastating for the economy in the long run. It's a hard choice but macro is more important than micro in these decisions. Oh we do. It's just saying you're going to do something vs actually doing it is much different. It surprises me that Trump supporters can't see beyond words. Hopefully after these four years you will understand that jobs are going to be going away. There is essentially no way to move time backwards to when technology was at its infancy and there were hundreds of jobs. Instead of supporting candidates who give people a false hope of steel jobs think about different systems to support everyone in the upcoming job armageddon. My avoidance of their built in apps is just simply that I don't want to be locked in to the apple eco system. Apple has always took a closed approach to their software and it's going to hurt them in the long run. I never mentioned open source software. I meant software made by other companies that don't lock you into their platform such as Google. I don't think anyone here looks at this topic with a black and white lens. There are various pros and cons to each and usually for developers the cons of a walled garden outweighs the pros. Send it via a third party who can read your messages or MMS where everyone can read your messages? Nice alternatives... Link to the demo? Yeah but it wouldn't be that hard to seperate the water. You can set it to connect to your own gateway. I mean they literally just announced a new company that graduated their incubator. How are you opening a bank account in a foreign country as a citizen from Iran? There are use cases for big money transfer and just "storing" money in BTC, not really for daily transactions. Personally for me, if I had some basic income, I'd be more willing to take a risk and potentially create hundreds of new jobs. If if its the iPhone you're talking about. Chrome is a "wrapper" around Safari's web engine. There already is a bunch of RFCs in place for high latency protocols. You can still track signals originating from rooftops using drones and then prosecuting the people doing that for spying. Iran is one of those countries that really don't like two way satellite internet. The discussion isn't about whether we know it's happening or not. We should stop letting deniers move the goal posts. The discussion is we know this is happening, what do we do to stop it? Except they've started expanding their plans to include family plans, etc. There is no indication that it will be getting killed off anytime soon. Also since they're a phone provider they can't just shut down. It'll take them years of bleeding money to finally shut down Project Fi. I think it's on under chat.google.com, they never actually link this through the announcement page. He's saying the definition of the word being used is currently changing. When racist people start talking about illegal immigrants and they refer to all people of a specific race or nationality, they effectively change the definition of the word. Why not both? Content such as this really doesn't belong on this forum. It redditifes this forum for conversation. I've also noticed people jump to attacking each other quite a lot more in the comments of pieces like this. How is this relevant when you're criticizing some detail? Are you saying you can't every criticize something because you're not perfect? Absolutely not relevant to the topic posted. If you would like to discuss this video I recommend you make a post and stop derailing threads like these into your own discussion. Google has slowly but surely started approaching the walled garden approach put forth by Apple. It is totally within their right to do this. I understand why they're doing this. I'm not happy with it. You don't have a right to be heard. I don't have a solution, I'm just ranting here. Sorry. This is just an extension of conservatism being scared of sex and women going their own way. Like it or not, prostitution has helped many people rise out of poverty and even make societies (the "west" back in the early US days) around their business. Laws like this are very hard to vote against because of TV ads opponents of politicians could run demonizing them. I never assumed democrats aren't conservative when it comes to social values. Toxicity towards women taking control of their sexuality runs deep within our society. The argument really stands where senate votes nearly unanimously on a bill and then a court strikes it down for being too overreaching. We've had this happen with a lot of "child pornography" laws in the past. I'm waiting for ACLU to take this to the courts. I don't apply the same logic other places. But banning places from having conversations about how to do it safely is a stupid idea and is going to end with more people hurt. This law benefits no one. If someone is having to resort to prostitution they will, just without the support network they need. I'm middle eastern. I've been followed by a police car for 15-20 minutes at a time (even out of their local jurisdiction) three times so far. This has always happened when I'm driving in a rich neighborhood. Targeting definitely does happen. I'm not the only person with stories like this. For the record I'm in Pennsylvania. You think people are going to stop buying Panera Bread because of this? There are no fines. People don't stop purchasing stuff from them. The risks of not following security practices are so low that it makes logical business sense to not care much about them. Now, say if we add fines on these security breaches. Proper fines, say % of global revenue type fines. Then yeah, they'll start caring. Until then, wait for more of these security breaches. Hey look! I told this company about this security breach months ago! They did nothing to resolve it. They literally have a way to find a person's CC info using their phone number. If people like this don't report it, then bad actors will get their hands on it and put EVERYONE at risk. Just from speaking to my friends who are not tech people and regular Panera Bread customers. They don't care. Sorry for using this language but as a direct quote one of them said "dude who gives a shit, everyone is leaking shit these days." So looking at her videos on Telegram ( https://t.me/nasimesabz1 ), she was anti gun. She was a very weird individual with clear mental health issues. I don't even know what to make of most of her content on that channel. She was definitely weird before YouTube took down her account. Ofcourse this doesn't excuse what she did. I'm honestly confused. Her entire personality was based on being vegan. She considered herself to be someone from an alien planet sent to earth to suffer. She criticized all the suffering around her and explained how nobody could understand her. She was apparently against anal sex. She hated women who used their body to get places. While she herself did do that (explicitly said so) in her videos. She thought there is a conspiracy against her "truth". You know what I find amazing in this entire debate? We provide protections for literal objects in the form of DMCA and other various copyright systems. We provide legal enforcement for the right for these copyrighted systems to be forgotten on search engines. We threaten the rulebreakers with massive fines and prison time. But when it comes to REAL people. People who can have their lives completely changed with wrong/very negative information about them being accessible everywhere we do nothing. It's just fascinating. I know. That's exactly my point. If you have enough money you will be able to take down any information of yourself you don't want under the guise of DMCA or related copyright laws. I'm still pissed off we didn't get encrypted SNI in TLS 1.3 It would've broken so many dpi based censorship systems in countries like Iran, Turkey, and Russia. This is fantastic and amazing to hear. Thank you! Services like google share IPs amongs their services. If SNI was encrypted, youtube.com could not be blocked unless the entire IP space of google is blocked (which would be very hard to do since nearly everyone relies on gmail). For sites like google, blocking IPs would meet resistance. Or just use delta updates. I disagree with this line of thought. Giving readers a fair warning is the right way to go. With all the respect I have for Elon, I don't think he realizes he's not the CEO of a startup company anymore. Getting rid of acronyms will have an inverse effect on productivity. Are you supposed to explain each time you refer to it? I agree if someone is new to the team then you should probably explain a few times before using acronyms. But for established teams, this just slows everyone down. Chain of command is there so that no one goes over the other person's head. If two developers disagree on an approach and one just straight up goes to the manager instead of the project manager it causes issues for the whole team. I'm a fan of "hey you should be able to talk to whomever you want", but not as the default. Company rule is there to protect the worker in case they made a bad decision. As long as it was within the company rule, they can't be blamed as much as "hey I used common sense". For massive companies you need these systems in place. You fired for someone finding bugs in your code? This is beyond ridiculous and you're creating a hostile environment for your developers. It'll come back and bite you in the future. This so much. If you expect me to take on a project without looking at the previous code then you're simply a fool. What. Why should a device be responsible for your own self control? Also, you can just install a parental control application and block any app store downloads. Most android phones have hardware backed secure storage. You can't read the raw files once they're there. It's kinda like yubikey vs having a PGP key. Yep! Just gotta enable hardware acceleration. Cloudflare's dynamic https would add https on the USER->Cloudflare side of communications. It's google IO. So no. It's not silly. If matrix wants to be a thing it needs to get a good and native client for popular operating systems. Riot isn't a good client. They definitely don't want people using it as a backup system. Their unlimited storage is useless because you can't actually use it properly. It saves them money. Yep. I've complained about this so much. Yes it is. Either just blocking the IP or using DPI. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if Valve sued Apple for this. This is definitely anti competitive practices and I think there is a case to be made for it. Even more if they decide to do it in EU. SEEKING WORK - Remote I'm from Philly (currently in Seattle) and I'm mostly a backend developer. However, I'm open to fullstack as well. My preferred languages are Java and GoLang. I have over 6 years of experience in backend development. If I don't know a programming language, I can definitely pick it up within a week. You name it and I'll do it :) My LinkedIn is available on https://linkedin.com/in/aaomidi/ My GitHub is available on https://github.com/aaomidi You can also send me an email at hn@aaomidi.com This CEO is absolutely toxic. He's coming here, insulting everyone who disagrees with him and is essentially trying to attack the CTO as a person. Hopefully this will get forked and the CEO will learn a lesson of respect and self control. Unfortunately they're deleted now. He didn't defend his points when people disagreed with him and just said "you don't understand". That's a shorthand way of calling someone stupid when you haven't even tried to explain. At this point I forgot what he said about the CTO but some of them were pretty insulting. Fair enough I may have jumped the gun a bit. Although I still think coming on here when the CTO isn't able to defend themselves is a little like trying to get people to do mobjustice in a way. But you're right. I'm sorry. I don't understand what's with this weird hate of the working class asking for better conditions on HN? Isn't this essentially how a capitalist economy should function? If companies look at people as capital, then this capital can look at the company as their capital and try to control it by withholding capital from the company. Literally has never really been used in the actual definition. Writers have used to it show how important and foundational some event was. Or just to create some excitement in the readers. I mean I'm surprised you don't see why this question is plain stupid. I've had to deal with an algorithm problem of this difficulty once in my entire work life and I was given a week time to go figure out the best way to go about this. Your problem creates an unrealistic standard of a software developer. You don't get to see something like their coding quality which is a lot more important in a candidate than their ability to solve an arbitrary algorithms question. Especially since these algorithm quesstions are now being studied for the sake of interviews. Rather than to learn something. It's shocking to me how many engineers I come across that think having an algorithms based interview actually gives them good results. I agree with this. My question always is why do you think this is important for the position you're hiring. Does knowing this question mean they're actually good for your position? This is turning into the situation I've seen in places with serious entrance exams for universities. For example in Iran, a lot of not so talented but have great memorization and afforded to do mindless practice exams are making it into higher education while creative and talented and less fortunate people are staying out. There are entire businesses built around practicing algorithm questions now, this is not a good sign. It's not like TLS would've fixed this. Iran is blocking Telegram very easily. If they also used anything with TLS 1.3 or HTTPS with TLS 1.2, the plaintext SNI would've been enough to detect Telegram. This just further shows the need for encrypted SNI fields for TLS 1.3. We need to hide services properly and make the cost of blocking a single service very expensive. They would if it provided more censorship avoidance. Can you clarify what you mean by this? The big announcement is part of transparency and keeping the US government accountable. There is simply no other way, the only reason this is a big announcement is because Elon is very active on social media. Intent may not necessarily matter. So many people here only look at the business cost of what Google wanted to do and don't care about the human cost. It's great that you were born in a western country with a good understanding of freedom and your rights. The majority of the world don't have these conditions. Your "business" decision effects billions of people in the world. I was born and mostly raised in Iran. "Business" decisions from companies that sold the government DPI equipment made sense for them, their shareholders, and their investors. But at what cost? Iran is a very young country in terms of population age. Many Iranians simply didn't have the opportunity to grow simply because a few companies wanted more $$$ in their pockets. If you in any way support these decisions while having complete freedom not to, then you're complicit. You're part of the reason so many countries have a lost/dark generation. You're part of the cause of so much suffering in the world. Good on you Google Engineers who stood against making a few $ of profit to stop the suffering of many, many people. And what about other users who aren't breaking the law? Like me, who has been living in the US since 2011? These bans with no appeal processes are absolutely stupid. See my submissions for more context, but its helluva lot more people than a single incident. They seem to be banning anyone who sounds Iranian. I've never even used Slack in Iran and my name sounds Iranian. Wonder how they decided I'm using it from Iran then. I'm one of the people who got banned: https://twitter.com/aaomidi/status/1075621119028314112 Just FYI for everyone here, the US government explicitly allows instant messaging applications to be exempt from sanctions: https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/... This is to foster more secure and wider internet access for Iranians. The emails they sent did not have any appeals process. They were also sent from no-reply addresses. The worst thing about this isn't them blocking (even though they didn't need to). It was that they assumed their systems are 100% perfect and no one would need to appeal. It was also the timing of this that was annoying. Right before long holidays (harder to get to your workplace and let people know what happened) The CFO was arrested in relation to Iran but not because of it. She was arrested because she lied to banks and sold American made technology to Iran. Slack is actually not required to do this as IM applications are exempt from sanctions. Homosexuality used to be illegal. If we censored anyone talking about it, it would probably still be illegal today and millions of people would still feel disgusted at themselves for having "unnatural feelings." Legality isn't always the best way to draw a line. With the current situation in America, there's really no other thing to do. Yes they might become codependent, but if you look at the situation realistically there's not a lot they can do to change the situation. Being there as a safety net can take a lot of mental pressure off of them. Well he's not considering in a lot of the other cities that have the same problem. Example: Philadelphia and its suburbs. Companies like google shouldn't be allowed to just ban someone's account and leave it at that. We actually need to regulate how OUR data is handled and managed by companies. Google thinks just because they provide an email service, they own all the emails in their service. This should not be the case and with all our reliance on cloud services, we need to be assured that our accounts are safe and we won't be denied access over stuff that isn't in our control. So this is the reason Slack was cracking down on accounts of people from sanctioned countries. Meh. Voter records are all basically public and most have full name, address, phone number and even sometimes party affiliations. I'd argue that keeping those public is also a net good for society. I am so f *ing surprised this needs to be said. IF YOU DID WORK FOR A LEGAL EMPLOYER, YOU DESERVE TO BE PAID FOR IT. (I'm adding to what the op said) The issue wasn't the app exists and people were using it. It was the demographic this app was targeting. The app was targeting 13 to 35 year olds. People under 18 has to get parental permission which was literally just selecting a box. The $20 of free money is a big deal for a kid and they might not have the best idea of what they're giving away with agreeing to this. It's a really scummy move and possibly illegal to target kids like this. I still think it would've been an issue to do that for kids as well. They should've just targeted 18+ How many people do you think joined GitHub from Microsoft after the merger? This is literally human oversight. Which is appeasing the users indirectly. Many products have a key person. It's not really surprising. A lot of science has been dumb luck and doing some random thing at the right time. I mean I hope for all of us this is one of those cases. Not only that. Freedom has its limits. Your freedom to a decision should not trump another person's freedom to live. By not getting a vaccine when you medically can, you're putting others at risk because of your freedom. Yeah I agree with you. Make it financially expensive for them to mess around. This is the biggest waste of time in Iranian society. This is literally government mandated slavery. The current system already incentives you quite a bit to join the military for all the perks you get once you're done. I'm honestly surprised the top comment is advocating for something that goes against every core value of the United States. The country has money. Pay people for this civic duty. You want to help decrease crime and low jobs? Pay people to do public works. We have a crumbling infrastructure. This isn't going to be solved by having a boy scouts system of free labor. Pay people out of high school to do work for the government and for the cities they live in. Right because slavery that existed in the United States is the only true definition for slavery? You're forcing people to do work. What happens if someone says they don't want to do this civic service? Yeah your superior can really ruin your life if you're not "obedient" Probably because people don't have the expertise to understand the weight and the consequences of that refeurandaum? There's a reason we have delegates making decisions for us. People generally don't know the weight and consequences of decisions. We saw this with so many posts of what is the European Union originating out of UK in the days before and after the refeurandaum. Maybe its cheaper to make the batteries in China? People who will even consider an EV will probably know Tesla and at this point know someone who owns one. I think this is a smart idea. They can focus this money on creating more superchargers. That sells a lot more than a 20 minute test drive. It's both actually. Different cultures have had different approaches to raising a child. Painting it as black and white doesn't help. Hey there's another solution. A solution that has provided with much of the worker rights we have today. Unionizing. These mothers should definitely think about it and push for more changes to the work force. The 40 hour work week officially started in 1940 - there's no reason to keep that as the standard anymore. I hope to see a rise in people demanding more rights for the working class. Sorry missed this. I said it'd be cheaper, not more expensive. You understand that policymakers regularly consult professionals in respective fields before making a decision? Policymaker regularly delegate the understanding of specific pieces of technology/etc to professionals they trust and have worked with over their tenure. Americans are usually extremely lazy about this stuff. I wonder what the effects are going to be on Tourism in Europe. Wonder what the risks are. This is actually one of the cases where supply side economics breaks down. People refuse to pay more for this and if you've invested so much for truck, car insurance, etc... A lot of trucks are owner operated. They can't afford to not work - even though they know they will be able to potentially make more money. Owning a truck is a lot of maintenance - insurance, parking costs, etc. A lot of owners also have to pay lease, loans, etc. They can't afford to negotiate for better rates. Just because there isn't a lot of supply doesn't mean that rates go up! They had "reasonable doubt." He basically couldn't do anything about it or he'd be arrested. Was it actually the hospital staff? No one here is talking about legal right. We're talking about moral right. I think it's fair to expect people to think morally. It should be the default way of thinking, not something you spend energy on. You don't understand this do you? When you've spent a ton of capital, have loans to pay, paying insurance, etc. You are not in a position to negotiate. It doesn't make sense because we keep getting fed a simplistic view of "supply vs demand." That is a general trend, but not a rule. If you know you have to work to keep your means of survival, you don't negotiate. We've seen salaries/bonuses/rates slowly go up, but there's always some other sucker who has to be able to pay their bills. Even if this means stuff getting to their destination later than usual. A lot of truck businesses are owner operated, they simply don't have the means to say "no." Whats a good alternative? I mean, this is just an unnecessarily mean comment. Not everyone has the luxury of going to high school in an English speaking country. Not everyone is strong in English but still need to write properly. Thanks though. This isn't the type of stuff Grammarly helped me with. Passive voice misuse is still extremely difficult for me to catch. Even after learning about it multiple times. Yep. My local YMCA requires lifeguards to switch every 15 minutes. Which is what spotify is arguing is happening with Apple Music The fraction doesn't matter at all in this case. Spotify is saying they're abusing the 30% to be able to push their own music application for cheaper. McDonald's doesn't host other food companies though. In this case apple has a marketplace AppStore. :( This would be good - or Bernie/Beto for that Texas vote. Is there direct evidence this is true or is it just a "common sense" thing that makes sense but might very well be false? I honestly don't have an opinion on it. It just seems something that's repeated and accepted often and I'm being skeptical is all. I will probably look into it myself too! So whatever you can add to the discussion is great :) I don't think these are similar at all honestly > showing no regard and respect to the rest of the world. What the fuck? They're not showing "respect" because they don't speak English? Does China block specific parts of wikipedia then? How do they know what part of wikipedia you're visiting? No it's not. This is imperialist thinking. There is no universal language. If you want to understand what they're saying hire a translator or use an online service. They're not using some obscure language only a few people understand. Get out with your western centric thinking. Unfortunately the issue with inequality is that it breeds more inequality. Someone born into the .1% will continue to get richer and richer by literally not doing anything while others on different parts of the spectrum aren't in a position like that and many have negative assets. If the playing ground was equal at birth and people were differentiated based on their hardwork no one would complain. The issue is the playing ground is not level and every day it gets more and more skewed. Exactly this. It's extremely difficult to lose your money at that stage. We can't talk about this without talking about the inequality in wealth which is the biggest factor in economy mobility unfortunately. Honestly, I'm not an economist. But from what I've gathered from reading various opinions on this matter is that economic inequality is the main source of weak economic mobility in developed countries - especially in countries that don't have safety nets. The theory essentially is that strong economic mobility requires some "base" value of economic power. If you're born into a family with negative assets, thousands of dollars in credit card debt, bad neighborhood you're essentially starting your life with negative economic mobility and turning that positive is extremely difficult given the circumstances and in many cases you stay poor. For example, the effects of redlining is still seen to this day after nearly half a century has passed. On the other end, if you're born into a family with a strong economic background and proper investments. You're already starting your life with positive economic mobility. The way to think about it is, if you're on the bottom of the graph in terms of assets, you're going to be going further and further down (until where is the question?) and if you're on the top of the graph you're going to keep going up. College, various inheritance taxes, social safety nets, etc etc try to offset these differences by essentially making the top of the graph a little "weaker" and boosting the bottom of the graph. But is it working? I dislike the redesign very much. I've made a very simple open source extension to automatically redirect all reddit.com and www.reddit.com links to old.reddit.com. - https://github.com/aaomidi/reddit-fixer - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-fixer/boahh... - https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/reddit-redire... Like increase the google maps api by 10x? Why would I recommend google to anyone when there is no stability in their platform? Except Google maps was a Google cloud offering. Most democrats are fine with an ID if it's given free of charge and the transportation and loss of wages for the day are covered. Which is my point of remove the bias of getting an ID and then it's fine. In its current state it's not fine and shouldn't be pushed. Thanks So much love and respect for you, ValdikSS. Unless required to. Curious, for situations like this what happens if we airdrop a ton of small balls of dry ice? Like a hailstorm of dry ice? These videos are getting old, boring, and annoying. Everyone who drives a tesla knows how their car behaves. I don't expect it to see that barrier when I'm driving my model 3. Listen - it's hard to imagine what it's actually like to drive a Tesla and learning what it can or can't do. Everyone driving a tesla right now knows that the autopilot is more like a rookie co-pilot that needs monitoring and checking all along the way. Despite its limitations its still the best car out there from what I've personally experienced. That eventually is a long time away. For now though, Tesla is ahead of the game. It's like the only car that actually gives you new features after buying it. Listens to their consumers, and provides them with what they want (most of the time) No we don't and that's what people don't really like about them. Heck I don't even know who the CEO of these companies are. The issue is Tesla feels personal. Other cars really don't have that feeling. This is already happening with people driving. Pay attention to other drivers, I've seen people watch a movie on their phone while driving. I've seen people move their hands completely off of the wheel and drive. At least with this you usually don't go hitting other cars, rather hit barriers and walls. I didn't. I got this update too. It didn't start entirely behaving differently - it was handling the outside world a little differently and was fixed within a couple of days. I'm not defending tesla here, I'm just saying this tech is still far better than the average driver paying barely any attention to the road. The US never cared. It was all a sham to get the public to support various interventionst measures. The fact that you can understand what it means indicates that it is a phrase that is entering our language. Yes but https SNI still exists. It fucks over the minorities living in rural China. How were they able to install spyware on iOS devices? Those studies are useless when compared to literal death rates in roads with higher speed limits. More people died in Montana after they were forced to put real speed limits on the roads, with police enforcement: https://www.motorists.org/press/montana-no-speed-limit-safet... The German autobahns are extremely safe compared to their other roads. The US interstate system can easily support "Reasonable speed limits" on most of their roads - its flat and straight. These studies don't take into consideration what actually happens when some people decide to follow the law and some people decide to travel at the road's natural speed. That delta is the cause of so many accidents. For people not familiar with salesforce, what does this mean? Wonder how many lives you could attribute to being lost because of this bug. FWIW that link doesn't load for me. I think they're getting hammered. I know people who work for Huawei in Iran. They are spying. Thing is they're probably not living in big constructions, just small huts which is much easier to survive these tragedies I think. Yeah it's been the only way to make sure people with disabilities aren't left behind. The problem is you literally can't get all the benefits that a big company can negotiate. Maybe not working 40 hours a week and enjoying the world in our prime age? We spend our best time of the day stuck in an office or someone else's property doing work for them. Losing all the time we have with sunlight. If we all worked 20 hours a week and maintained our SoL we would even be mentally more stable. You're fighting semantics here, that's exactly what they were referring to. Maybe we shouldn't tie SoL to "work output" How is owning a gun bad for the environment? It's somewhat expensive but not that much compared to other stuff. Oh yeah I don't want to get into a gun control debate either. Even as someone who is pro gun I do agree with the society cost. And fucking weather patterns even more. Ten years* We don't do shit until it's already fucked millions of people. I don't assume this. I think the west would have to give up some stuff they see as a "need" currently and we can sustain this population. I really, really wish these protests spread to mainland China. Wishing isn't reserved for stuff that's possible. ...the parliament is literally ignoring millions of people on the streets. At some point you make violent protest and revolution inevitable. Peace for the sake of peace is useless and an extremely centrist view. Agree with you. If you can't do your job then maybe you'll have to be shut down. It did when people started demanding it. A company doesn't exist in a vacuum. Works amazingly well in Iran. I suspect that will change once cloudflare warp makes it mainstream. 3rd party but the creator of wireguard is active on it. Not really it can't. Openvpn on its own has a very identifiable header. You can put it behind stunnel though for example. I do hope the author takes this up too. They're extremely talented. Could make a big change in firewall systems. Iran sometimes does data per endpoint analysis and is able to block any VPNs since they're all single endpoint VPNs. If we were able to split the data to, say a few hundred unique ips it would be extremely difficult to block it. You design a system for the citizens you're representing. Not for citizens you ideally want to be representing. Are these debts using people's ignorance about financial terms to make money? AKA Are they predatory? - If so then that's a bad thing. You might not care - but I care about the well being for people I'm sharing a society with. I don't want people taken advantage of. I don't want education to have capital associated with it. I want people to be able to get education without "oh will i be able to pay off the loans for this education." So you might think you did a good job working your ass off affording education. People like Sanders and I think that getting a quality education should be completely unrelated to "working your ass off." I've also worked my ass off to afford my education. I still think it's a bad system and I don't care if my taxes are rerouted from killing people in foreign countries to helping my society get stronger and better. This is extremely true. Financially responsible is also just "privileged." They don't understand how different the state of primary education in the US is. Two school districts within 20 miles of each other are wildly different. 1. https://www.philasd.org/ 2. https://www.lmsd.org/ Right, but who cares! Why do we want to preserve this system that doesn't allow everyone to have a fair chance of progressing? Why does education need to be artificially limited? It's not difficult to imagine a world where education isn't limited by the amount of money in someone's bank. Think about all the possibilities if everyone can go learn whatever their heart desires without worrying about paying something back? Ah yes, communism. This isn't us vs them - this is us vs... us. Everyone should want to allow people to access education. But someday they might be a millionaire!! We already pay a ton in taxes - let's see if he's ready to divert funding from other places. I think most people who also think they'll have kids would also be fine with a percentage point or two increase if it means there won't be any more loans. Thing with Tesla is they have a few stuff they do better than others. I hate the experience of buying a car. I hate going to a dealership. I hate haggling. I hate having to say no to every crap they want to sell me. I think Tesla is a breath of fresh air in the car industry, and I think they're going to continue trying to do things differently than everyone else. We'll see how that spans out in the future, and if they're going to keep being able to fix these issues we've just come to accept with the traditional car industry. You don't need to make all schools free. Just public schools. If any school wants to be free, they need to implement the federal pay bands. Get rid of subsidized student loans as well. There's no reason we should be subsidizing predatory tuitions. Maybe they've changed, they used to not get commission so they didn't care. Which is fine. It puts some monetary cost on the employer as well. It's a fair system we should adopt everywhere. I've had one or two compatibility issues. You should anyway. They had 90 days to do this, they didn't. Incompetent company. Incompetent management. Problem is, with the fast paced nature of today's life you sometimes read a headline and MAYBE a tiny bit of extra info. Too many news outlets are using clickbait headlines that sound like a big deal but isn't. What's wrong with you? If only people didn't have families. This is just sad. I feel for all my open source developers in these countries. I feel for all my peers who I spent my undergrad with in Iran. These archaic laws need to be deleted. America needs to be shamed for making it so hard for people to gain skills in these countries. Companies need to be shamed for not challenging these laws. How is this related to people being limited? Why is this even a point? Would you be happy if I took away your kids future by pointing out however many fucked up things your country has done? This isn't sanctioning the govt. This is sanctioning people. The govt has billions of resources to bypass this. Most of what you said can be said about any country. Stop policing the world and making life even less safe for people there. Economic prosperity brings about social change. "It's okay because CNN and Fox News tells me to be scared of the brown man". It's amazing how people don't see that this isn't because of human rights. It's literally one country bullying another. I really wish Microsoft challenged this sanction in court. We'd finally get the actual sanctions clarified. 8 hours of work in a day is enough to make your fresh sweat smell like shit. Agreed. This seems so judgmental and creates a hostile environment for a lot of people. So expensive for what used to be free. I wish they included at least one account with my existing gsuite subscription. This is a stupid argument. Subdomains are part of the standard of the web. They shouldn't be hidden. If you believe in Capitalism: Step 1: Assign a cost for CO2 emissions. Step 2: Let the market deal with the costs. Step 3: Asses if the cost was at the right amount. Adjust if necessary and repeat. If you don't believe in Capitalism: Step 1: Change the governmental system to a system of your liking. Step 2: Find a way in this new system to control what companies do. e.g. state planned economics, regulations, etc. Soon you'll be able to. Range anxiety goes away with time and planning. Fast DC chargers are going to be everywhere in the near future. They're already on every major highway except i94. Charging infrastructure is still weak, but gas pumps weren't built overnight. Maybe this is a space for some new startup to get involved in? Electricity is everywhere. You'd be surprised at how many things are already using that capacity right on top of the mountains. It'll eventually be built out there too. Especially with the declining price of equipment needed to set it up there too. Meanwhile my apartment charges me $15 more per month in parking to charge an EV with 40 Amps. No fee for the electricity. > Filing your electric car is at least an hour if you have a DC fast charger and that gets you only 80% full. ..What? Where are you getting your numbers from. This is serious whataboutism, and actually is related to what the article is saying. Yep. And I love how I'm getting downvoted too! Then unionize against this tax with other fellow HDD buyers? The difference between you and the artists are that they organized. You came on HN to complain. I'm not against fluoridation, but it does seem weird that we're so certain about these things...until we're not. Shouldn't we stop doing one-size-fits-all medication and actually expand access to toothpaste & dentists? I understand these. And it pains me that they exist. I'm mostly talking about the availability of certain medication. Like, it makes sense to have a nationwide vaccine program. It doesn't make sense to have fluoridated water due to the relative ease of access to toothpaste. Especially because we really can't tell with certainty what consuming this does in the long-multigenerational term. Why should we take the risk? I understand - fluoridation has been immensely helpful. However, should we re-visit our decisions every once in a while and see if we can do things differently? Toothpaste production is now more streamlined. We know the immense benefits of fluoride, so getting it to people in a more concentrated and localized matter can be a next step in helping people with this. Essentially I'm saying it was a potential risk we accepted because the benefits far outweighed the potential risk down the line, but now that we have alternative solutions with smaller potential risk should we discuss them or not? Probably because deleting causes a lot of issues. They should have a release and snapshot branches. I think this article perfectly captures people's reaction to: "Hey your life is shit than your ancestors and we're all to blame". I am absolutely loving the random shade we're throwing at people that came before us, as if they were some sort of savages. They can provide a way for people to pay to view their content. How many people just manually skip these sponsorships? We literally have hundreds of examples of "take away regulations" not working. We have hundreds of examples of "come down on landlords like hawks and make them suffer" working. Stop it. Do some research. Back when hollywood was facing censorship they realized they need to self censor or stats like this will be used against them. This is an example of where Netflix acted without thinking what impacts a show like this will have. Nothing exists in a vacuum, and this was on Netflix to resolve. The first step in this case would be to take it down from Netflix. Or they're going to face people calling for it to be taken down through the state. I never said the state is an always good or always bad entity. It's there to respond to people, and sometimes make its own shit up because of money. I'm just explaining the system we have right now and how netflix is playing with fire. Free country, the United Kingdom. Police are willingly supporting a corrupt system far from all abstractions. You can argue anyone working in Hong Kong is supporting a corrupt system, or anyone working in the US is supporting a corrupt system but for all of them its so abstracted that you can't really blame the individuals. For cops, this isn't an excuse anymore. They're directly supporting it, suppressing people's free speech, and banding together to create support groups and unions against the people they're supposed to be serving and protecting. Considering the racist history of why police forces came to be, it's not surprising that people dehumanize the police force. However, I should add that for many people, especially inside big cities joining the police force is one of the best things they can do for upward mobility for their family - but in the case of ethical demonstrations (occupy wall street, black lives matter, Hong Kong protests, Iran's green protests, etc etc) they have been on the wrong side of history and have helped keep the status quo alive and active and well. Therefore, if you're part of the police during people's cry for freedom and you step in and support the government - you're going to be dehumanized. It's your choice to make - but that choice has consequences. After working at IPinfo for a year I can't say enough about how awesome the team and the work was. It's a great place to grow and learn. Highly recommend them! No shit HN hates China. How can you actually LIKE China? China is literally one of the worst countries in the world at this current moment. Their ethnic cleansing, treatment of minorities, extreme censorship and state control does not make them a likable country. This... this is fascinating. Do you have any good sources? Open source software's definition isn't provided to us from the heavens. We've defined what it means. There's no reason to stick to that one definition we have - its convenient but please don't assume that the words we have won't change in meaning in the future. This is human progression, trial and error, and societal evolution happening before our eyes. You won't be able to stop this, it's a natural process that drives society. All you can do is influence this progression. > Your manager thought you were overreacting, given whatever proof / accusations you provided. Just because he / she did not agree with it, does not mean they are evil. In a company the size of google, managers aren't the people that should have an opinion on this matter. What that manager said, assuming this document is valid, is absolutely terrible. Heck, if some manager in my hypothetical company told someone that their report of sexual harassment is an "overreaction" that person wouldn't be manager for long. If you don't necessarily agree with a specific decision the union is taking, you're dragged into it. But that's just part of collectivism and it's not necessarily a bad thing. Throw back to when people were saying unionizing will kill vox. Why are you buying such expensive frames? Costco, Zenni, Warby Parker, etc etc all have very affordable frames... You're forgetting that medicare for all also comes with a lot of promises about free education. The artificial barriers for education will be slowly removed and the supply will quickly match up the demand. The solution isn't going to fix everything immediately, but it IS required for a full solution. In the model 3, the map area can be taken by AA, ACP. What is a basic part? My seat rocker broke and I walked into a service center and bought a new one for 2 USD. Except now starting a training program does guarantee you'll have students that don't need a ton of money to pay off their loans. It becomes less risky. I just want them to let me pick my own god damned name for the home folder. I hate the weird shit they pick for me. Stop using Facebook. Like.....what do you expect? I'm not trying to blame you here but since you're on this website I assume you're more generally knowledgable about stuff happening. We've known about variations of this for so long. As someone who was raised a nudist this is actually hilarious and if I was a kid now my parents would've probably got a visit from the police. Ugh. They've basically provided no proof it's end to end encrypted properly. Heck even Facebook has a private message system they claim it's e2ee. VPNs are easily detected and can be throttled. Also they're slow af. This would allow you to use your full internet speed and bypass filters. wat how are lasers working in this scenario And then the random client limit to 3. I've stopped using them since then. This type of stuff is why Warren wants to break up tech. It should NOT be up to apple to decide stuff like this. Elizabeth's plan isn't to make smaller companies. It's to make public markets. https://elizabethwarren.com/plans/break-up-big-tech Her plan isnt to make smaller companies... https://elizabethwarren.com/plans/break-up-big-tech If the company is US based, the US government has full authority to demand how they behave elsewhere. If only we had an entity that could direct cultural change.... I mean...vscode is MIT licensed. This is such a good plan. So many developers don't care about a11y. This just adds a cost to actually start caring and planning your code around it. This isn't an issue, its a feature. You live in a society so you plan around to serve that society. If you're not serving a large portion of your population then you're going to be forced to. This is no different than outlawing racial discrimination. Do you have any disability that limits you being able to use services accessible to everyone else? Do you know anyone close to you that you can comfortably ask what limits and bumps there are out there for them to be able to comfortably use the internet? This sounds like you guys aren't doing your job correctly. You're literally serving a text file with a browser based editor, this doesn't need tremendous amounts of caching. If you can't handle the traffic a news article might bring to a google docs document, then you probably shouldn't be pushing for google docs. I can't believe I'm having to say this to someone who used to be an SRE at Google, but this is literally YOUR problem to solve. And if you can't pull it off, stop pushing everyone to use the cloud and your services. I've had a friend of mine die when he went to Australia like this. Anything to get out of Iran. Are you finding a way to complain about an open source tool? Really? The risk is minimal while the risk of continued smoking isn't. The stories of personality change or risks are so overly reported on you forget that millions of people are using psychedelics daily without losing their personality. FYI: If you say you don't care about politics and you ban political speech in your workspace - that on its own is a political statement that you're fine with the status quo. The workplace is an extension of the society it exists it. It does not exist in a vacuum no matter how hard you try to put it there. It's not anyone's decision to tell someone what to do or not do in their life. The argument about cost on society also doesn't hold up since we seem to be fine with other "risky" behaviors. Such as extreme sports. Heck we actually encourage it. The workplace has always been an extension of society. Humans are not robots and what's happening in society will impact how they work somewhere. Trump making it harder for h1bs to get citizenship will impact how h1b workers feel in the company. Supreme Court deciding on if abortion should remain legal or not will impact a lot of people in their workplace. I'm sorry, but you seem like the type of person who knows the country isnt going to drastically make it harder to live for them. It's easy for people in that position to see work as...just work. If that's not the case with you I apologize. But what happens with politics 100 percent impacts me at work and I should be able to talk about it. How about this: Blizzard, you want to be allowed to operate inside the United States? You can't ban people for criticizing other countries. You want to continue to ban people for that? Oh well, now you have to pay a fine. Why are we fine with the US govt forcing companies not to do business with certain entities and countries, but we're not fine with forcing companies to uphold the values the US operates on? Even then it just takes a very small amount of effort to argue that the anonymized data is still personal and can be linked back to individuals with a bit of statistical analysis. [flagged] There was no reason to leave GitHub. People started boycotting GitHub before GitHub even did anything wrong. That's something that's beyond a simple comment and something lawyers and lawmakers will have to figure out I suppose. I mean...my bio has a link to my github which shows I work at Microsoft. I spoke out against people moving out before I joined them. I certainly don't try to hide where I work :) Thank you though, I'll add it to my bio. Tbh I was against the move way before I started working here. Although I should say, I am pretty pissed off about them blocking Iran. Would've rather seen Microsoft apply for a sanctions waiver for github. What the fuck are you on about? You don't take antibiotics willy nilly. We should absolutely use antibiotics in cases where it's needed. Which is how every medical guideline goes about it. Please go to a doctor and ask them to stop giving patients antibiotics after surgeries and tell me how that goes. Part of the regulation could be that Facebook can only serve stateless political ads. If a politician wants to advertise, they can't pick and choose any parameters. I was honestly thinking for national elections when I wrote this. There are some parameters that make sense, for example targetting congressional districts. What I'm mostly against is zip code, ideology/interest, racial/sexual/etc factors being taken into consideration. Your browser and OS quickly delist any certificate found to have forged a certificate for a website they don't own. They're unapologetic about it too - and don't care who they piss off. No. Yep - all websites should be using https honestly. There's barely any excuses left not to. Doing this doesn't change the fact that comcast is messing with http packets. Antivirus ones generate the root certificate on your machine. It's amazing because in all of these examples the general public has not given a crap about these incidents. Protesting slavery was extremely difficult. Protesting the workplace got you labeled a communist or socialist. And now when we protest against climate change or ask for more workers rights or BLM people are generally against it. The civil war was about slavery, but it wasn't because the general public hated slavery. Agreed. It's some weird gatekeeping to care about the TLD. There is nothing special about com that solves spam. It's not tearing the country's fabric apart. Cities have benefited tremendously from multi-culturalism. Let's not blame austerity measures on immigration - govts around the world have been reducing taxes and decreasing social spending - which has been tearing the world apart. Cultures don't clash, economies do - you just need to plan your economy for a changing world and a changing population. By the time we're expanding into space, we don't need humans to make babies anymore :) I mean, you clearly have an agenda here and a discussion on HN isn't going to help. Child sex abuse isn't limited to a certain group or culture. You bring a good point though, the 1% and cheap labor. There's another solution here that's beneficial to all of us. An economic policy that combats worker exploitation and guarantees a basic living standard (housing, food, transportation, computer & phone, education, healthcare) to all people living in your country. With these, immigrant and native populations won't need to depend on the 1% to survive, and will be able to create businesses, more jobs, more innovation. So yes, you've properly identified the problem, but not the solution. Yep, as an Iranian American of course I support multiculturalism :) Again, this incident is not what I'm talking about. I'm saying child sex abuse is a problem in literally every group of people. > I absolutely agree. My solution is we make Pakistan so economically great that they don't need to come to the UK or any other country. We make Poland, the UK, etc where there does not need to be mass migration from anywhere. I have no problem with limited immigration, I think that's great. I agree with you as well. However, are we willing to change our way of life in order to stop exploiting various countries around the world? You could hire another shift of support engineers for those times... Nah it's actually up for society to decide what they want to allow. Nearly everyone agrees that political ads that lie are problematic. We the people think Facebook should do something about that. If they're unwilling to regulate themselves then we'll regulate it for them. This can range from putting guidelines all the way to breaking Facebook apart. It's Facebook's decision what they want their future to be. I love how my replies don't understand how representation works. The whole point is a discourse, congress isn't a separate entity from the population. It's a huge difference from just 4 years ago! Why are we downvoting someone for giving examples? The current stock system is NOT sustainable. We either rock the boat in a controlled fashion or the boat sinks and we all metaphorically sink with it. I find it interesting that individual journalists are also terrified of this. Like, do we really think the current system is a sustainable system 50 years into the future? The problem is that hoarding wealth in various assets like the real estate market is also part of the problem. Gates barely has a normal income. What he does have is a ton of wealth that a lot of us see as something broken in the system. You could cure cancer and you still shouldn't have THAT much wealth. Then the taxes would've property shown the valuation of that company. You're taking a whole system and applying it to a single variable and saying it doesn't make sense. WeWork should've never been worth that much and an inability to pay taxes would've shown that. Retirement reform is part of Warren's plan. Our retirement system isn't sustainable. Most people have literally nothing saved in their 401ks, etc. It also assumes a growing economy. The system is already in a failure state, we're just ignoring it. This type of measurement of being better off is inherently flawed. Insurance costs going up and employers paying more for that doesn't mean people have been getting a better and better deal. Also why is it that the standard of life is higher and has grown to be much higher in many European countries with the so called "slow growth" vs America? They care about privacy and still have a massive connection with China? Idk but if you're willing to break your privacy for one state, what's stopping you from breaking it for another? Did i say Microsoft is better? I said that selling point for Apple is just invalid. I honestly think there's nothing more disgusting than imprisoning someone. I've actually made this argument in my social sciences class that the reason prison sentences are so long is that people generally thought/think the afterlife exists. It's easy to take away an individuals right to life when you think there's going to be another one in another life. I would personally much rather have the death penalty than anything above 5 years in prison. I don't understand how we're collectively okay with just caging a human being... It's so terrifying and disgusting. The act of imprisonment for over 5 years itself is a cruel and unusual punishment :( Oh I'm not for killing anyone. Heck I have a problem with a LOT of our system. I'm just saying if I knew I was guilty I would like to have the option to die. I'm very against state enforced killing. I think in the short term we're kinda fucked. But in the long term I would like if we tried to make these crimes not happen. Find out why they're happening. Can we help these criminals before they become criminals essentially? And I wasn't saying we should get rid of prison, rather allow the person to choose death if they wish. I'd also like to see if we can actually slowly introduce them back to society, slowly give more freedoms back or help them take jobs that gives their life meaning. It's a hard problem and we definitely don't have the correct solution right now. Actually I think they do - if they're ever legally required to give up data here they seem to not really put up a fight, or have an incentive to make the data useless for the govt. What I'm saying is expecting Apple to have your back sounds meh. How...is this even allowed? Do people like us not get any say in this? Fuck the ICANN. Yes because I feel like I was fucked with. Of course I'm mad. Especially if they remove the pricing protections it might price me out of owning my own domain. Welcome to the Apple strategy on everything. This is likely going to extend to be an EU wide law - they are currently under investigation anyway. I thought I wanted this until I ended up going to multiple of these sites that claim to do decentralized reddit. They're full of nazi bullshit. I look at mastodon instances and any non-moderated ones is white-supremacist shit. I'm not sure if the average consumer wants to see that. Dialup ISPs won't work in Iran right now. Internet connectivity and international phone calls are managed by the govt. These protests have nothing to do with the gas prices. That's just the excuse people are using. People are tired of this government. The risk should be up to the consumer to take imho. His movies are ridiculous social commentary. He's making fun of people's fears. You don't need to do this for regional flights. Not every airport in the US has customs, if you arrive at an international airport you need to go through customs and then travel anywhere else. The US has agreements with specific airports in some countries like Canada to allow them to skip that step by going through US customs in another country. This is such a stupid argument. You can literally justify everything and anything with this. It's low effort and just a tactic to make one's self feel better about the world. I don't understand why you're getting downvoted. We should be encouraging 16ish+ year olds to have safe and consensual relationships. Carbon taxes should be levied in such a way that most people who are buying the basic necessities would actually see a growth in their income. Lower middle class should see no change. Middle class should see a net loss if they don't change their habits. And anything beyond would see a substantial loss. Give each person a carbon ration, if you didn't use it fully you get money back. If you used more than your fair share you have to pay significantly large taxes that go directly to the pockets of people who use less and infrastructure. And still happens to this day. This is essentially impossible though. It sounds good but I don't see most ISPs caring. Cooperative ownership. Major OSes just use the ISP DNS server - changing that would break a lot of stuff. For example in countries with limited internet, you need to connect to the ISPs servers (redirect from http sites) to purchase data allowances. Well there are less toes to step on out there to establish fiber lines. What kind of centrist take is this? If I'm a bystander I don't want a country that I have literally never been to, or a country that's thousands of miles away from me operating drones in my country. Authenticating JWT isn't checking the JWT against an external server. Which is the point of the post. If you need to do revocation you need to call an external server. If you need to call an external server why do JWT? This is why we should not put up with draconian contracts and if necessary protest and overthrow governments that don't want to get rid of them. Stop being complacent with people taking advantage of you. The public who cares about this have no say in all of the other seats of the house. It's also stupid because if vaping is difficult would you rather I smoke? For the people here who are thinking teens are doing this for taste, etc. Ask yourself how much more existential crises kids these days are facing. Global warming is happening and the adults aren't doing anything. They're seeing their family get crushed by medical debt and the adults aren't doing anything. Not only that they're actively voting for people who support the current system. The world is fucked for these people and the adults are blaming stuff like how it tastes instead of the structural issues these kids are going through. It does though, people are looking for the simple solutions to problems. You're trying to erase a symptom of a systematic issue that kids these days literally don't have a future. Global Warming, Student Loans, Terrible Jobs.... Who on earth wouldn't be seriously depressed just thinking 5-10 years into their future? It might be that we're not hearing about other cases. I have around 20K miles on my Model 3 and so far haven't dealt with any service/maintenance. I took the car to les schwab to make sure the tires are good, and that's been it. Shit happens to cars, they're usually the most complicated piece of technology the average person owns. It takes time to perfect a production line and service line, but Tesla really needs to have a perfect support line and it's unfortunate they don't. Because it's really expensive to build a house. Who has the money other than massive developers? Of course they want to make €£¥$ German automakers not only stopped their R&D to develop the next generation of cars. They focused their R&D on figuring out the best way to cheat on emissions testing ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen_emissions_scandal ) None of the German car manufacturers actually made any worthwhile EVs, and it always seemed like they're making EVs just to satisfy EU lawmakers. Meanwhile across the ocean, a company with essentially no production line history is able to completely destroy century old companies because they got complacent. German car manufacturers deserve everything coming to them It's also pretty stupid to turn a profit because that just means more taxes. You want to always keep your profits at zero. This is why we can have small scale experiments to see what happens. It's possible. It causes headaches for companies, but it's not different from adding a new tax or a new regulation. They will just have to find a way to deal with it. It could literally be that no one's pay is allowed to change to accommodate these new hours. If they are contact the DoL. All beasts will fall someday. This is Google's turn. "Two blacks" You're seriously just going to identity people by their color of their skin? Yes because they didn't immigrate. They were ripped from their homes. Were they? Red lining was government intervention. Or maybe you think before slavery was made illegal more people had jobs? Because yes. They were slaves. Falling and burning doesn't necessarily mean disappearing. Oracle is still making money but everyone hates them. Microsoft went through the phase of everyone hates them during Balmers time. You don't need to do 40 to 24 mate. You can do a yearly decrease of 1 hour for the next 16 years. What's the point of all this technology and innovation if we're always going to keep working the same amount. Also if an industry can't keep up with this, oh well. That's why you do it slowly so you can handle the fallout. Yeah...no Culture is generational, it doesn't exist in a specific individual. Considering African Americans are still discriminated against everywhere, they never had time to develop a strong local culture. You're right. The other person is extremely rude and dismissive. Sigh. No this isn't well done. It took them three days to say this. How did it take them three days to realize they shot a missile? Especially since they had a denial campaign going on for three goddamn days. This was just external pressure on Iran forcing them to do this. If this flight wasn't an international one it would've been swept under the rug. If they didn't they would've lost any support they had left in the world. They would be left alone against the US. They had to. Iran did the right thing after realizing the thing they wanted to do was too costly. Europe depends on Russian gas or they freeze so not really an equal comparison. Meanwhile Iran also killed 1500 people a few weeks ago and there's been no news about that. Iran was pushed to do this by the international community. Russia doesn't give a shit. Europe depends on Russia, so the consequences for Russia weren't a big deal. No I'm saying what they did isn't praise worthy. They've swept plenty non-international shit under the rug. People need to not forget these events and I'm worried one "good" (read: expected) act from them is going to make them forget. I've lost family members to this corrupt country, so I'm a bit biased when I hate any sort of praise when they do the expected thing. We're trying to find excuses when Iran has a history of sweeping things under the rug. If you made $10,000 per day, every day, for the past 200 years. You would still not be a billionaire. But yes somehow some people are "productive" enough to be worth more than that. We have a broken system, stop trying to defend it. There's hundreds of other engineers that can probably do as good of a job or better than him. Just because someone has a CEO label doesn't mean they have to be paid extreme amounts of money. Won't know until we try =) Telegram has an export functionality. The progress of these are independent from each other. No thanks. This is a terrible argument. Our personal lives and digital lives are becoming amalgamated to an extent never seen before. Our emails, for better or worse, are mainly handled by private companies while giving the importance of physical addresses. We can't expect everyone to understand the nuances of this and should protect them from abusive practices of private companies. E.g. You should be able to keep a readonly email even after getting banned so you can slowly move off of it. Google shouldn't be able to just wipe out a good portion of your digital identity through an algorithm or a press of a button. Maybe this sort of legislation would make them double think their business decisions and if they want to stay in this business. I suspect they would, email is a massive part of their industry footprint. This sounds great but I would've liked to see them: - Protect people without insurance. Usually they're the most vulnerable. - Don't just force someone to pay for the Insulin. These companies making them don't need to become richer. Take it from them forcefully. Load handling is part of a normal security check. DoSing can be as dangerous as an RCE bug if your goal is to cause delays and chaos. The longer a disease takes to show symptoms means it's had a longer time to multiply inside your body. Once your immune system detects it, you're going to get the standard flu/cold symptoms (fever, runny nose, etc). During this period your body is actively losing its protection due to putting so much resources into fighting the viral infection in your body. Other deadlier diseases can now enter your body and essentially hide behind the fact that your immune system can't respond to everything at once. So you get more complications as you're sick for longer. The viral infection itself does have an impact on organs, specifically the lungs, but it's usually secondary complications that kill. Why the hate towards someone who is talking about their experiences at Google? Do I sense jealousy? Which in turn gives way to changing the system which allows more people to be ideological. The op put themselves there, when you call something "SJWish" without actually talking about the positions, then you're being disingenuous yourself. Hiding behind "it's a business" isn't an argument acceptable to most people. Sure "it's a business" but does that give it a green card to act how it pleases? We're getting into the philosophy of what we want businesses to be in our society. More and more people are realizing that the inhumane structure a business operates in isn't acceptable to them, and would like to have a say in what they're doing. This person left Google because Google was getting into the business of killing people - sure you might be comfortable with that. But your opinion isn't any more valid than someone who doesn't work in Google. So please, stop telling people how to behave and act and protest. We're not putting in 100 hour weeks because someone before you had the audacity to go say the current system is inhumane. You don't have to be that person, but you also don't have to be the person who stands in their way. What's interesting is that this thread is getting a ton of new accounts defending Google. Suspicious. LGBTQ+ activism doesn't just involve fighting for rights for people who fall within those labels. It has evolved onto fighting for rights of EVERYONE who is currently being harrassed, targetted, and discriminate against. It's activism for human rights for everyone. Not every LGBTQ+ activist agrees with this evolution, but a large group do. I'm personally in that group. You're telling me to accept the status quo and be fine with it. That's telling me how to behave. The company is just an entity that needs to follow the set of guidelines set by people living in that society. Okay thank you for your input. We'll continue to fight for the rights of everyone who is being discriminated against. You should learn more about intersectional activism :) There's two ways to change the current system: 1. Work in the current system and try to slowly impact it and change how it behaves. 2. Start a violent revolution and start a civil war which will end in millions dead. Which one do you prefer I do? I also HAVE to participate in this system if I want to live. That's one of the reasons I want to change the system. My participation in this system isn't consensual. Probably, that's why I said suspicious but didn't do finger pointing. And that's what posts like this are slowly doing. Changing public opinion towards our way of life. Learn about intersectionality. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intersectionality Good to know. Weird rule to have though. Maybe because it literally means what it does? Legal requirement No, it's because big interests have paid them to decrease taxation on the top earners. There is a reason the income gap between different classes of the population is growing larger. That income gap is what should be funding these. Policies of austerity are a direct result of the rich getting richer, not that it's not sustainable. Do you have a link? Because there's usually not a reason to limit it to something that low. No because the length of that field is static. Hashing algorithms (at least the ones you should use) will create a static length hash no matter the size of the password. The only time length matters is if the hashing algorithm has a limit (which is usually pretty high), or if you're storing these values encrypted/plain text. We've literally seen larger companies be more incompetent. There's no reason PayPal is excluded from this. Are you seeing issues with manufacturing currently? Why does it have to be payment focused? There's tons of big tech companies that have done this. Enjoy: https://github.com/plaintextoffenders/plaintextoffenders/blo... It's not difficult to find them Are you seriously arguing the cuts to CDCs budget is not needless? Stop making politics a spectator sport. There's lives on the fucking line. Yeah you're in for a surprise in the future. Is it wrong that I find it a terrible thing that people aren't allowed computers with internet or cellphones in prison? How do we expect people to join back to society when they can't use literally the number one most important thing? Maybe give them phones with no cameras and monitoring of use, but just nothing seems very inhumane. Be as prepared as if you were living in the bay area and were preparing for an earthquake. There's nothing to really say the same situation happening in China, Iran, SK, Italy won't happen here. Have a supply of food ready, minimize being in crowds, don't touch your face when you're not inside the house. Other stuff I've been doing that aren't necessarily the right thing: - Eating meat well done for a while - Not eating raw veggies - Working from home more often - Telling sick co-workers to stay home (I'm in a tech company, theres really no excuse of sick days) The sad thing about this is that it's still contraband and really bad for the prisoner if they're caught with it. Yes please. Federal property tax. Online shopping needs money. Which most people won't have much of if they can't work. Or just boil it at home. It's like protests is meant to cause a disruption. I really have a terrible place in my heart for people who criticize protests because it caused a disruption. That's the point of a protest. I'm very happy for you that you've never felt the need to take these drastic steps, but they're protesting real issues and real problems they're having. The grades are ultimately the universities problem Nope This is valid, but I wouldn't be living in Seattle if it wasn't for Microsoft. Small house sizes wouldn't be an issue if I was living basically anywhere else. If this situation continues maybe I'll try to transition to full time remote and go live somewhere quieter? No it doesn't. SNI is still plaintext and has nothing to do with the DNS protocol. ESNI is the fix that's had a very slow rollout. At this point every time something positive happens in the market: "It needs a correction" Everytime something negative happens: "It's just a cycle" Maybe we don't have the best economic system where instability is built into its core & foundation? This is an amazing response. It's not true for every industry (e.g. Games), but definitely true for most. In Gitlab's case it's 100% true. They're literally blocking COVID emergency budget bills getting passed in the Senate This is time to fall in line or be thrown out of your job. Should be a permission. Which is ridiculous, this disease can easily mutate and what happens to all that immunity? Also this is basically UK saying they're fine with a million of their population dying... Yeah, the world will ignore the patent and do it's job. Yes a patent is nothing but a license. If you abuse it you lose it. Our healthcare system is shit. Like. I don't care about what would happen to the economy if we took an action to fix this. We need to fix it. During an outbreak why the fuck are we still dealing with drug crimes? Heck I saw people on HN say California is overreacting... Maybe its time to kill these businesses? Meh, the UI can also just crash on its own. You can restart the car (in the middle of the road, even) by holding the two on-wheel buttons. I've had to do that once before. Well, it is pretty scary. The UI crashing and you not knowing how to restart it is a big deal. It's not even like a traditional car where you can "restart" the electronics by turning it off and on again. It's a very specific sequence detailed in the manual...which most people aren't going to memorize. This isn't an area that's having problems from what I have read Jesus Christ. This issue can come up on you while you're in the middle of the highway. If you don't have experience with it before it's extremely scary. You don't know if your blinkers are working (they are), but you have no idea. You don't know if your braking lights are working. You don't know what speed you're going. One slight criticism and you send me an essay about spreading FUD. I like how when this happens to companies it's not their fault, but when it happens to people everyone starts berating them for not saving/etc. Like. What? Our economic system is beyond broken if we expect companies to have less fiscal sensibilities than individuals. I honestly don't care about small businesses. You want my empathy? Create a co-op. They're literally giving away $10,000 in grants to small businesses right now. Grants. Not loans. But sure. I'm for bailing out if the govt gives ownership of the business to the workers. If you're not letting the workers most impacted by this to own the means of their work, then your bailout is useless. This is an opportunity to, peacefully, transfer ownership of the means of production that are getting destroyed right now back to the workers. Then I guess we shouldn't be in the business of bailing them out. The only way a bailout is acceptable is if we transfer the ownership of the businesses to the workers who actually produce the value. Maybe it's the push we need. Workers should own the means of production. You understand that participating in this system is a necessity for survival. The fact that I HAVE to participate in it to live is why I'm also speaking out against it. But sure, irony or whatever. Then they would have no problem making it a coop. And why does it matter? They're a reporting and news agency. They're not in the business of strategically planning for an outbreak. They were merely reporting the sentiment of the leaders of this country in the earlier days. Localization is a difficult problem no one has solved yet. If you find a solution please write about it. Not translating isn't really a solution. Wanting everything to be 100% translated is also unrealistic. You're unfortunately still stuck in thinking you can just take a string and make it another string and boom you have i18n. Unfortunately that's misunderstanding that fundamentally language relies on way more context than just strings to get the same message across. You can't just simply translate and have a good UX for other languages. And people wonder why Mao has recently gained in popularity. There's a maximum you can push people until it springs back into your face. Landlords are essentially mini monopolies. They make money by monopolizing a piece of land, with the backing of the state, and then letting others use that land. Even capitalists should be against them on the basis of a state backed monopoly alone. You need to understand that when people have problems with landlords, they do NOT have a problem with the SERVICE part of what they offer. They have a problem of it being used as an investment, rather a job. No one is suggesting that someone putting all the time and effort to get a building built shouldn't get paid for the time they've spent doing that. But that's where that payment stops, when they've gotten paid for the hours they spent working on that. When housing becomes service AND monopoly, that is where the issue is. Land ownership is problematic, and profiting off of a state backed monopoly is even worse. Yes that's exactly what I am referring to. It's pretty difficult trying to run a country where you still have an extremely strong blockade against you ran by the strongest economy in the world. Yes and now lock files exist? Are you actually arguing over the state of JS development from 4 years ago? Also keep in mind it's far easier to publish on npm and that's a good thing. It literally takes days to setup shit to get published on maven central and even then you can't set and forget. It's a pain in the ass. And people like this is why I don't see a sustainable future for America and most of the world. We need to unlearn our current relationship with housing and change our view entirely. I doubt they're going to support adblocking as a first class citizen. Lemme guess, are you one of these people? If so - lol for now. If not, why is this mental gymnastics? npm is just a low friction package registry. This is a terrible idea. Even if you're going to do this it's far better to be a toggle on software rather than tying it to the port you're using. Workers having to die so their masters can add another zero to their bank accounts. Do you realize how much money international students inject into the US education and just general US economy as well? Debt to who When you can find text articles let me know. Security updates that get released months after its supposed to? Ah yes because they're not being held at gunpoint it's not forced. Do you really have a very literal definition of forced? No nuance or anything? Yeah unfortunately you're in the wrong here. There are multiple levels of forced. It's not an on and off switch, as much as people make it out to be. By requiring others to do that for you and paying them pennies for what value they're providing. I'd agree with you if the company decided to not take profit during this time and paid the employees the same amount of value they produce. I was raised as a nudist (I'm in my 20s now) and that really helped during my teen years to keep me "focused". This doesn't mean I was focused on my studies or anything. But it did mean I generally gave far less shits about peer pressure than my friends at the time. It's something I highly recommend if you have a close relationship with your immediate family. Let the inhibitions fall and allow the kids to realize they don't have to keep up with everyone. Companies are dragging their feet with encrypted SNI And yet again, privatized profits, socialized losses. Why are we prioritizing businesses before individuals? Maybe our old system was inefficient and these dying companies should be left to die? We can't say the same about people. Who are in fact in trouble, and a dying person is far more morally reprehensible than a company having to shut down.