http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Durability+and+Repair "Of course, some problems require greater durability: we would not recommend using it for a bond trading system." I worked for kink.com for 4 years as a lead sr software engineer. We built an amazing platform on jboss/j2ee that deals with fairly massive scale. I finally decided to move on recently in order to get a change of scenery. While looking for a new gig, every one I interviewed with was quite interested to know what it was like working in the castle. Maybe it kept me from getting a few gigs, I don't know, but the reality is that the experience I gained at kink certainly opened up a lot of opportunities that I didn't have before. I'd say don't worry about it and go for the job. One bit of insider info is that porn companies have a hard time finding really good geek talent. So, if you are truly good, and most of you probably aren't, you can use that to your advantage. Good luck on your job hunting. The boring meetings and conflicts only came relatively recently. It used to be a really fun place to work, but some hires which brought in silly cover your ass politics and corporitification (funny word) really put a damper on things. I'm not saying this to be mean, just clarifying the facts from someone who was on the inside. I do love kink.com and hope the best for them. Funny, these AHN's come up every few months or so. I wrote a good portion of the code and architecture for the kink.com sites. Decided to leave after 4 years working there pretty much because my job there was done, things work really well. Despite what people might think, it was not hard at all to find a 'real' job again as my experience working in extremely high traffic environments is desirable. I did the backend stuff, but wrote a lot of the jsp pages as well. It is all Java/J2EE/JBoss/EJB3/Hibernate with some fairly complicated single sign on stuff going on to allow cross domain auto-login. Hi HN. Great responses. The reason for the title of my posting is not to call 'Subversion A Mistake.' It was because of something Linus said in his video (which I highly recommend you watch). Basically, what he said is that if you can't trust your VCS to have the code in it that it should (and verifiable via hashes), then that is everything. I agree. The Subversion Team, who are all great people and _really_ smart, made a huge mistake with adding mergeinfo to 1.5. It is a trainwreck of pretending to be able to do merges reliably, but in reality, it plain doesn't work. I talk about two specific cases where it breaks down in my posting, but there are many more. Subversion has a lot going for it, I just think that the mergeinfo feature should just be thrown out and reworked from the ground up. My guess is that it will never happen as people will move on to newer and better systems, like git. Nice job! This is full of fail. Your email address is not your identity. I must be able to change my email address without having to change my identity. It isn't about being surprised. Apple is still supplying the JVM. At my company, some IT guy sends out an email saying 'don't install Lion cause Java isn't installed and it breaks Network Connect'. It is this kind of unnecessary confusion which doesn't help anyone. My blog post is simply telling people how they can fix their stuff after Apple decides to make things difficult and confusing for people. So then why not remove ruby and distribute that separately? How about the multi-gig translation language packs that I'll never use? The steps for symlink'ing are totally necessary in order to get click through JDK source code in Eclipse. Of course, it could be argued that Eclipse needs to be fixed to automatically look in the new location, but that location changes for every update and isn't technically 'JAVA_HOME'. Wow, you must have read my blog posting! Snow Leopard comes with Java vs. Lion not coming with Java. Seems like Lion removed Java to me! You are a perl guy, what are you doing reading articles about Java anyway? ;-) I apologize for creating a title that you would be interested in. ;-) I didn't find opening up Terminal.app and typing 'java' difficult or confusing either. The rest of the blog post (with the symlinks) is about telling Eclipse where to find the source code. That said, I think that it sure would be nice if my OS already came with Java. But I use Java every day, so maybe I'm biased. For those of you who are worried about Apple needing to spend a few of the billions of dollars it has in the bank on paying a couple engineers to maintain security patches, it doesn't have to be the Apple or Oracle one either. OpenJDK would be fine. I don't get it. So instead of trying to get paid for your work, you give it to them for free because they won't pay you? CoffeeScript FTW. https://gist.github.com/1214296 I'd be more impressed if this tutorial had included examples where you use SASS (or your favorite css compiler) for building out css. Simply because it provides you with proper organization of css rules and negates the need for naming conventions to figure out what things are. Using CSS without SASS is like writing JavaScript without using CoffeeScript. Find a job in SF? Plenty of places are hiring. http://www.google.com/search?q=ruler+pencil This is great, but after switching to CoffeeScript, I just can't imagine working directly with JS ever again. It's be awesome if you'd somehow integrate CS development into your system. Your jobs page brags that you have 14 servers on your site. WTF? I've run 15+ hardcore porn totally dynamic websites taking millions of hits on just 3 servers and two of those were just for redundancy! Seriously, I've never heard of your company and you are burning through that much cash? I'm sorry, but this really just sounds like a case of 'doing it wrong'. It really sounds like time to hit the reset button before you are completely broke. If you look at it from the point of view of creating a new company that is based online, chances are that you can design the system from the ground up to be entirely hosted in the cloud. Even better than AWS is if you can host your site on a PaaS solution such as Google AppEngine. GAE negates the need for a DBA, netadmin and a sysadmin. I'm building a web based company right now with a good friend of mine and we've gladly chosen GAE because of this single attribute. Both of us are 15+ year sysadmins as well as software engineers. That said, instead of worrying about how we are going to scale and run everything, we are able to focus entirely on the development of features and building the company. As a result, we hope to never have to hire any IT positions. In the end, I don't think the roles will go away since someone still needs to run Google. ;-) I just think that the roles will eventually morph a bit for the companies that can take advantage of PaaS solutions. Best question after the talk: "Why didn't you just use / modify an existing tool like jenkins?" Ha! =) If only open source projects had more money to spend on marketing. Too bad there isn't a more marketing professionals who like to donate their time to open source projects. =) "I thought I loved Mustache a year ago, but over time I’ve learned just how revolutionary separating templates from views is toward maintainability and collaboration." Wow, it makes me wonder what you were doing before? I'm more a fan of http://www.handlebarsjs.com/ . It has a few handy features that are missing from Mustache. oh, very helpful. thanks! I just take bits and pieces from it that I like. For example, I took the table css and modified it a bit for my tastes. Came out great. Great to know, but CoffeeScript handles most of this for you. The whole Java is too verbose argument is starting to sound like a broken record. With an IDE and tools like ProjectLombok around, you don't need to type much more than most other languages. I code a lot in CoffeeScript and Java and I type less in Java because at least it has static types and code completion. Try renaming a method or variable in CoffeeScript. ;-) ctrl-space (code completion) and annotations are your friends. Obviously Java8 makes the whole argument go away and now that the multi-year stalemate on Java7 is over, we know that Sunacle is focused on getting Java8 out as well. That is like saying a carpenter doesn't need a hammer. An IDE is just a tool for doing your job. You don't actually need an IDE to write Java, but it sure makes it a lot easier to build a house. Show me the source of both of them. Agreed. I spend way more time in the debugger in CoffeeScript than I do with Java, simply because I have no idea what type of object I'm dealing with at that particular instant. I also tend to write pages of Java code and it runs the first time because I can read it and see exactly what it is doing before it runs. The compiler also tells me what typos I have in my code before I even have to run it. I'm curious what the hebrew at the very bottom of the page says. 184 people are underpaid and living in poverty. I read the entire thing and all I could think about it was: Too Much Information. Seriously. What is more amazing is how quickly someone registered his last words.com I'm heavily using CS for my new business and I absolutely love it. I can't thank you enough for being brilliant enough to create it. This is great, I've been having a debate with a friend about this for a while now. This settles it (in my favor). I started out with sass. Then I started using twitter bootstrap, which uses less, so I switched to less because the mixin syntax is nicer / simpler (easy to switch since moving in that direction is syntactically very similar). Looking at the closure syntax, it doesn't seem like much of an advantage over less. I think I'll stay where I'm at. "We had a backup from earlier in the week" week? That seems kind of off. I'd suggest setting up backups more often than that, especially for production data. Sorry to hear about that. I destroyed a drive once a long time ago (~1994) as well. Happens to the best of us. Years ago, he paid for a site license for one of my small shareware projects when he only needed a single copy. I was so happy. I heart woz. 16 is a great age to start to learn how to write code. You've got plenty of time to hone your skills and this will make you much more marketable when you graduate high school and/or college. What skills do you have? It seems that Ruby developers are the hot ticket in SF these days, so if you can find a job, maybe they will sponsor your visa. Took me a few plays of the video to figure out what was going on. I finally noticed it in the bottom right corner. That said, it is pretty and unique. Haven't seen a loader like that before. I'm a huge fan of CS (I'm spending about 10 hours a day in it right now for my startup) and I like the simplicity of the actual CS documentation. This is really nice, but a bit too 'deep' or 'tl;dr' for my personal tastes. I was able to learn the basics really quickly and then started writing code and learning more from there as I ran into things I didn't know how to do. That said, anything to further the learning of CS is great in my book. Nice job. I applaud you for having a business model. As well as one that does not involve ads. That said, I can't see myself (or anyone else for that matter) spending $10 a month (per user) on the current version of service. Basically, you've implemented a relatively basic 'wall'. There really just isn't enough there to warrant spending that much money. I think you need to spend some more time on adding features than repeatedly posting to HN as a way to drum up business and feedback. Does Facebook have the ability to produce software with the required level of quality necessary to ship in consumer hardware devices? I've worked with their API's, which are core to their business, and they tend to be inconsistently implemented, changed at will and have high rates of failure. The existing culture of 'whatever, just ship it' would never produce a phone that is bug free enough to ship. I don't think the fail whales have gotten any less frequent. I still see them all the time and I hardly ever use twitter. Just because a few execs leave the company doesn't mean that would cause more fail whales. The real value is the engineering and ops teams who keep the system going. I'd look to see who on those teams have left recently. Well written. I wrote a similar article recently as well... http://lookfirst.com/2011/11/contributing-to-open-source.htm... Just because you can't 'see' the fork with subversion doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I'm sure plenty of ASF projects are 'forked' within companies and the code is never shared. What I've been advocating for a while now on the members@apache list is that the ASF look at using Github (either they host it or the ASF does) as the basis to build a new type of community that the ASF has never experienced before. Something that isn't tied to the old school. I absolutely admire you. There are so many people in this world who pretend that something is preventing them from learning or doing something and you went out just did it. You may (or may not) be the best engineer in the world, but I'd hire you in a hot second just because you have the tenacity to make it your mission to figure something out. Sometimes, 90% of writing code is just sticking with a problem until you get it. I've given 100's of interviews to people who are either fresh out of school or have been programming for a while now. The vast majority of these people have no gumption to actually create a github account or do any sort of experiments outside of what tasks they are given at work. It is very sad to me that most of these people just want to collect a paycheck. The learning never stops, keep it up. I'm sure that this is a really well implemented piece of code. However, just as a personal preference (this is not a flame or attack, just some feedback), I think a site using this would be a site I'd stop using. I find the dialog really annoying because the effect of blocking user input in order to display some sort of message seems really inhumane to me. There are better ways to do notifications without pushing a big dialog, with some text, in the face of the user. If FB served up that page with a hash of the expected permissions and then submitted the page with that hash, then this plugin would be rendered useless. I'm surprised for something like this (ie: permissions / security related), they don't do that already. The dialog is SSL, but if it was a man in the middle attack that added/removed permissions at will, then it kind of defeats the security of that dialog entirely. Interesting that it has gone away now. @jbrkr, thanks for finding a new link. I've recently explored a lot of these different time widgets. I didn't like that one because dragging a slider for the time seemed like a lot of work. I'd rather click, so I ended up with this one that is based on jquery ui as well: http://fgelinas.com/code/timepicker/ I've been using a very little know (and poorly named) template engine called Cambridge Template Engine ( http://code.google.com/p/cambridge/ ) for my latest company. The documentation is a bit thin, but the code is rock solid and very fast. Combined with JEXL for an expression language, this is one of the best server side engines I've ever used. Annotations are a huge and important part of Java. In Ruby, you don't write code, code writes you! ;-) I'd never heard of Japid before. Thanks for pointing it out. That said, using a backtick character like that seems like a really error prone approach. Definitely not my cup of tea. Conflicts in any piece of software are a pain in the butt. That is part of software development though. You say you aren't a big fan of 'heavy use of annotations' but you don't qualify what 'heavy' is so I am guessing that it is pretty much all annotations. How do you make your determination of what annotations are 'ok' and what annotations aren't? Or do you say something like 'oh, I won't use that annotation because it might blow up on me at some later date'? What is your mental process there? Is @GET good or is @POST bad? What about @Inject or @JsonProperty? The 'annotations leave a bad taste in my mouth' statement seems kind of odd to me. Generally, a language feature isn't something that I'm careful about avoiding. I could see making a statement like "I tried to use software product XYZ and it was so full of bugs that I switched to software product ABC." But annotations aren't a software product, they are a language feature that products can take advantage of. It just happens to be that two products you were using had conflicting annotations. No big deal, you still have choices as you can just swap out products. That in itself doesn't make the functionality that annotations provide taste bad. I've met people who have had this view of annotations as being some magical creature. They didn't understand them or how they worked at all. They stuck it in their heads that 'annotations are bad', so we aren't going to use them and aren't going to even bother learning how they might help us. Everything was very black and white. I found this behavior really odd because everything in software development is grey. That is a great blog posting. However, I don't know why the author would even suggest that annotations are innocent looking. They aren't any more 'innocent' than an if statement. Something like: 'if (myMethod())' could easily be a long running database query or call out to a fibonacci solver. Should we all be afraid of using if statements too? I'm sorry, but there is really nothing 'magical' about annotations. It is simply a marker on a class, property or method that other code can read from and do things with. Prior to annotations, apps were processing Javadoc (@see early versions of GWT), which was an even more terrible idea since you didn't know if it was Javadoc or an annotation. The summary is that a) software engineering is not easy and it does involve knowing what you are doing in order for things to not appear 'magical'. b) If you are going to put an annotation on something, then you should know what code is going to read that annotation and what effects it might have. That said, that isn't the fault of the annotation language feature. The thing I notice is that you weren't using branches with Subversion. For about 4 years now, I've been doing branch based iterative development. This is a great way for a team of engineers to work together and have a continuous release process. Meaning, you deploy trunk and do development on 'iterative branches' (ie: you have branches called iteration-0001, iteration-0002, iteration-0003, etc...). All works happens on the iteration branches which are then tested and merged to trunk on a regular basis as part of the release process. If you have work that spans more than one iteration, you make a branch off the current iteration. Unfortunately, subversion has a very hard time keeping track of development that way. The reason is that if you (and your co-workers) want to work on another branch off of the iteration branches (so you don't hold up a release), then merging changes from the iteration branches into your branch become a nightmare because merge tracking on your branch has no way to know what is happening on the other branches. If you don't do it right, you can end up with a branch that can never be merged back. The way merge tracking is handled is a central design failure of Subversion. I made a long blog posting about this a while back: http://lookfirst.com/2011/04/subversion-mistake.html Git handles all of this beautifully. So, while today, you might not need the extra functionality of git, it is good to have a tool which can support your needs in the future. I disagree with your argument. To you, they are all of those things. To me, they are great and none of those things. That is all I'm saying. Those Quadruple Extra Large instances are $2/hr. The 24 of them used for postgres would be like $35k/month just for that part alone. I'm guessing they are spending >$100k/month on just hosting 100+ instances. Not to mention disk, bandwidth, dns, s3, public ip's, etc. I guess my question is, how do they make money? I really like instagram images. I've used the site myself, but it certainly isn't something I'd feel the need to pay money for. I'm not really sure I understand your response because I can't tell if you are for or against annotations. But, I guess this begs the question... if it isn't done as annotations, what would the same functionality be? Spring's XML? Json? Just more coding? Got a specific example? I can't think of any that I avoid. I'm primarily in Java, CoffeeScript/JS these days. Maybe it is different for other languages? Certainly, there are language features that I don't use, because I don't need them in what I do, but that is different than purposely avoiding something. Actually, that is a great idea... why not just make a site that links everything to github? The plugin pages could just be github pages and downloads. Issue tracking? github. Pull requests. github. Makes perfect sense to me. The fact that someone could come along and create a working solution without having to add/change the syntax of CoffeeScript is great. I'm a huge fan of WePay. They don't play these games. With all of the different competing solutions out there these days, I don't know why anyone continues to use Paypal. I wrote the software that integrates with WePay. They are a 'real' bank. Works great. ;-) https://github.com/lookfirst/WePay-Java-SDK Just curious cause I don't know how it works... do you just find a way to create a foreign US company and run through that? Very good points that I can't disagree with at all. However, those are two languages I try to avoid entirely, not just partially. ;-) How about taking some time off from Lift development to implement the ideas that you and other worked on? WePay doesn't require you to redirect them to their site. https://www.wepay.com/developer/tutorial/iframe If ravelry.com used WePay, each time someone bought one of her amazing works of art, the money would be deposited directly into a FDIC insured account that your wife controls. From there, your wife could transfer the money directly into her own regular bank account. If ravelry.com goes out of business before they transfer the money to her paypal account, there is no chance that they can take any of her money with them. (While highly illegal, I've seen this happen elsewhere with a similar setup.) Fixed. Thanks. Must be my old school raver roots. Heh. Sure, if you want that level of control. In my case, I was happy to not have to implement that part of things. It isn't a trivial amount of work to deal with the credit card / address forms and get everything correct. I made the iframe look like a part of my site well enough that people can trust it and it saves me a ton of development time. Your app appears to be in private beta, so I can't test that form to see if you missed anything and post about it here. ;-) This looked excellent until I realized that the code isn't on Github. Sure, I can download it, but I'd rather be able to fork it. I'm looking at the image of a vault in that article and I'm confused because I don't see any slots in the wall/floor for the pins that are located in the door. It is as if that giant door doesn't actually lock. This is really really nice. Some suggestions: #1. Switch to CoffeeScript. It will cut the size of the code down considerably and given that it is such a massive file, it would really help readability. #2. Don't embed so much html into the code. That'll also cut down code and make things easier to read. I suggest something like Handlebars to render things. Yes, another dependency, but a good one. #3. Do you really need the 'please wait' to render things? It is somewhat jarring when clicking around quickly. If anything, just switch the thing you clicked on into a spinner or display a small spinner somewhere. #4. A lot of the date math that is going on could probably be done more easily by using momentjs. Again, another dependency, but will save you code in the long run. #5. Grey out buttons which cannot be clicked further? Like the + and - buttons. #6. Maybe consider integrating or building on top of the Timeline project? http://www.simile-widgets.org/timeline/ Cheers. 1) If you look at my github account, you can see that I've contributed quite a lot to open source over a long period of time. I've got a long history of 'helping'. Looking at your github account... oh wait... 2) Good point. Can't argue that. 3) Maybe. Maybe not. It would need to be investigated further. 4) I made those suggestions based on code I've got in production. Other than Timeline, I suggested two libraries, both of which would remove a lot of code duplication in the Gantt plugin. momentjs is actually a pretty decent library. I agree, Date.js is pretty bad. As a driver, motorcyclist and bicyclist, I've lost count of how many times I've been nearly killed by someone txt'ing or talking on their cell phone. The existing laws (I'm in San Francisco) are completely ignored and unenforced as it is. I see people using their cell phones while driving all the time. I'm sure the cops have better things to do with their days than pull over people talking on their cell phones. As a result, I'm now trained to really watch out for drivers who are on phones because I know they are dangerous and not paying attention. I feel that even hands-free is distracting to drivers, I know it is distracting for me and I'm a great driver. If I need to use the phone while in the car, I either hand the phone to my wife, I pull over or I just hold off until I get to my destination. Comments like that always remind me of this image... http://www.picshag.com/show.php?f=pics/112010/java-c-php-rub... It took me about 3 months of intense CS usage to really get the hang of it. I've written a good 20-30k lines of CS so far for my application, so I've developed a lot of good practices since I started. Now, I can't imagine writing 'pure' JS ever again. I tend to avoid a lot of the one-line comprehensions for the reasons documented in this article (they get difficult to 'parse'). I also tend to write in a more of a Java style, mostly because of my background is in Java. I tend to put (parens) around a lot of function calls so that I can see it is still a function. Sure, CS can be abused to the point of being barely able to read, but that can be said of any language. Having standards and code-review with your co-workers kind of negates that issue. Debugging can be a bit of a pain since you have to find the line number out of a big file. I think this will go away if/when browsers natively support CS. I've gotten good at naming things so that they are easy to search for in the developer tools. That makes finding the right line to put a breakpoint on a lot easier and faster. If need be, I'll throw a console.log('here') in there and search for that too. Context switching between CS and compiled JS takes a bit of getting used to, but it isn't really that big of a deal. I'm already context switching between Java, HTML, CSS, json, etc... what is one more? The fat/thin arrow thing took a while to get used to, but now it makes perfect sense. The change they made (too quietly, imho) in 1.1.3 to not use __bind so much anymore really helped with comprehension. Now I can see the var _this = this in the compiled code and things make more sense to me now. It also helped performance and made me worry less about using it. In most cases, it is safe to just fat arrow things now so it really isn't that big of a deal. In terms of workflow, I found it very important to integrate it in with my IDE so that every time I save a file, all of my CS is immediately compiled to JS. [1] As a result, I don't see any overhead with the compilation phase of things. Being able to declare 'class'es and constructors has also been really great for compartmentalizing my code. Yes, it is possible to emulate all of this in JS, but I find that a lot more difficult to manage. I do wish there was an 'import' statement though. Right now, I hacked that together with the way I'm using LabJS. In the end, is CS a significant improvement over JS? I think so. Just looking at the compiled output of CS, I couldn't imagine myself writing all of that JS code and not making a ton of mistakes (ie: === vs. ==, nesting of brackets, this binding, etc). People say there is a lot of boilerplate in Java... so, when I use CS, I feel that way when I look at the compiled JavaScript. [1] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6645640/integrating-coffe... Thanks Ryan. I've looked at the RequireJS/AMD import stuff and it seems really over engineered for what I need. I feel like there is too much declaration going on. For now I think I'll wait to see what else people come up with along these lines. In SF, I doubt that police are ever assigned to pulling people over for cell phone violations. It is usually something like a cop hiding on a side street at the top of Portola late at night waiting for someone to run a red light, which is financially worth a lot more to the city (~$500). The reality is that a cell phone violation is not worth much financially to the city ($20-$50) and drivers ignore the law since it is pretty much just a slap on the wrist. [1] So, instead of banning the use outright, which a lot of people will object to because nobody likes to be told they can't do something (ignoring the whole driving is a right motto). I'd just say, increase the fines to the level of a red light run and increase the enforcement. The only people who will object to the fines are the people breaking the law. ;-) [1] http://www.cbdlaw.com/CM/Articles/WirelessFAQs.asp Thanks for the pointer, I made sure to read it. What I don't like about it is having to 'define' all the modules that I'm going to use. That is just too error prone. I'd rather just create a CS class in a file and include the entire file when I need to. More similar to the way that an import statement works in Java. For now, as I already mentioned, I'm simulating import style functionality with LabJS, which works great. While not perfect, it allows me to async load everything I need as well as minimize the amount of data on the wire. Here is a description of what I've done... http://lookfirst.com/2011/12/optimizing-your-javascript-deli... You pay $3/month for the privilege of allowing them to front you cash for up to a month. If you are late, they charge you $5. No broken legs, no threats, just $5. According to one of the images 'simple terms apply'. What are those terms and why aren't they listed right now? That seems shady to make a big announcement and not clearly list all the terms. I've got a few questions: How much cash can I borrow? What happens if I'm late multiple months? What prevents me from closing my account and just walking away? I don't know, this seems like an awful idea to me. Rife for abuse. Dwolla will be one the receiving end of a lot of fraud really quickly and will be spending all their time and resources chasing down deadbeats. UPDATE: A 3rd party has more details than their own site [1]. Up to $500. Still seems rife for fraud to me because now they are going to have to chase down a lot of people for only $500. If my credit is good and my money management is sound, why would I need to pay $3 a month for the privilege of allowing me to get a loan for up to $500? [1] http://www.siliconprairienews.com/2011/12/dwolla-introduces-... I rarely carry much cash around anymore. I buy everything with a CC and pay it off in full every month. Never late. Mentally, I'd rather pay more per gallon at a place where I can use my CC than go to a place with a dual fee structure. I'm sure the logic doesn't make sense, but I feel like I'm getting ripped off at a place that does that when I use a CC to buy gas. As a result, I tend to avoid those places. Thank you for saying what I was just about to say. The real point here is that there is that no reason, for a responsible consumer (ie: someone who isn't running into debt each month), to use this 'service'. Since it is tailored to people who have good credit, I don't see how this is going to be popular at all. I'm sorry, but there is nothing that is so compellingly 'Instant' about 'Instant' that it begs my $3/month ($36/year) for me to use it. As it stands now, if I want to buy something, I have several options. Use paypal, wepay, dwolla (regular) or some other similar provider, use a credit card, use a debit card, use cash, get someone else to buy it for me. None of which costs me anything to do the transaction. Sure, there is some noise about charging for debit cards, but that noise turned into massive backlash, so I don't think that'll happen anytime soon. Plus, there are still other options, like another bank with a debt card that doesn't cost me anything. Sure, a credit card has a fee associated with it and I probably end up paying that fee either in the price of the item I'm buying or directly. But at this point, is the total sum of those fees >$3/month? Maybe, but who really cares anymore? There is a cost to doing business and it can't be entirely free. That said, I'm going to support companies, like WePay, who are at least trying to put a good customer service experience on things and keeping their fees straightforward and relatively low. I can see how Dwolla is trying to disrupt the whole industry. I like that and I sure believe that it needs to happen. The credit card companies are essentially just another evil empire. ;-) That said, I don't think 'Instant' is the right product for this disruption. It isn't being marketed correctly at all. The documentation is missing from their website and the whole $500 thing seems like a gimmick that is only going to get them into a lot of fraud trouble. There are banks that offer refunds for atm fees on their accounts. You should consider switching. A quick google found this [1], I'm sure there are more. [1] http://www.bankfox.com/c/no-atm-fees/ I wrote the pixel tracker for a big corporation, which tracks a ton of hits for many top sites. 1) Using Math.random() to generate a UUID, is not a UUID. There are plenty of JS uuid generators out there. Please use one. 2) Why are you returning a header with what is being tracked? 3) Please please please use coffeescript. Graphite is a great tool for quickly seeing what is going on. Generating the graphs was always a bit of a pain point for it. I must say, this is an amazing contribution. Thanks so much. (I'm the author of http://jmxtrans.googlecode.com which allows you to very easily tie together Graphite & Java Management Extensions (JMX) for monitoring all of your JVM's.) This is really great except for all of us that use CoffeeScript|Less|Sass since what is shown in the dev tools is the compiled version of our source. Not sure why you got voted down, so I'll vote you back up and answer your totally valid question. rrdtool is fine if you know your schema in advance, but that is somewhat of a hinderance because you don't always know it or want to have to define it. Graphite is great because it listens on a port an accepts data in a simple unstructured format. The format is: key : value (long) : timestamp Where key can be in dot notation so that you can have your data in a 'tree' like structure. This is a made up example: "ehcache.activemq.joins" or "ehcache.activemq.quits". The dashboard can then give you a nice tree to navigate through your data so that you can pin down specific areas that you'd like to graph. It also allows you to easily mix and match areas as overlays. Hope that explains things. Given that jmxtrans has native support for writing directly to Graphite, why are you using it to write to rrd files? If you want those rrd files for other tools, the beauty of jmxtrans is that you can have multiple outputwriters so you can write to rrd AND graphite at the same time, with no loss in performance, since it happens in a multithreaded environment. Also note, writing to rrd files from jmxtrans is terribly inefficient. It spawns the rrdtool to do it because (unfortunately) the java implementation of rrd outputs files which are not compatible with rrdtool. (I'm the author of jmxtrans. Thanks for using my stuff!) I'm so sorry, but I really don't see the value in spending $26.78/month for only 50 metrics. I could install Graphite on a small instance at AWS and get nearly unlimited metrics for a fraction of the cost. Never mind the fact that if I point your tool at a JVM, I can quickly get over 50 metrics (and double my cost to $53.57 since your slider only goes in increments of 50) just by looking at a single ehcache instance. Yes, your service is nice, your graphs are pretty, but at the end of the day, I think I'd have a hard time convincing my boss (me) that this is a valuable thing to spend a lot of money on. It seems like a lot of these 'monitoring' companies are springing up these days. I feel bad for you because I see that industry quickly being commoditized into who offers the lowest price. It is also not the easiest problem to solve because of the data storage and availability requirements. Anyway, I don't mean any ill will. I wish you the best in your business, I just don't see how it would work for me. excellent response Joseph. Thanks. If I end up needing these services at some point, I'll definitely look into your company first. Wow, that makes a HUGE difference in price. Now it makes a lot more sense and leaves me wondering about your QA practices. Just pulling your chain. ;-) Anyway, the fact that you are responding here and being active would definitely make me feel like your company would be the first to check out. This is similar to how I feel about WePay as well. Their ceo and engineers read HN and respond to comments. It is the dawn of a new era of access and support. Cheers. That is a really nice selling pitch for the culture there. What isn't said is "we expect you to stay at work till 9pm+ because you don't start coding until 2pm, when the food coma has worn off." ;-) It is interesting to me that Subversion barely gets a mention. There should be a 7.5 which is along the lines of: cvs was great and all, but we couldn't version our directories, branching and merging was a mess, the wire protocol was hard to use, it had a ton of security holes and the storage format took up too much space. So, Subversion was created as a way to do a better cvs, without thinking about the larger intrinsic issues with the current state of version control. Thus, missing the whole 'distributed' boat and letting Linus eat our lunch. Note: I worked at CollabNet during this time and watched a lot of the discussions around Subversion. I have great respect for the Subversion developers. Karl is an awesome and brilliant guy. It was a bubble, technology isn't anywhere where it is today and I think we were all misguided at that time. We all made a lot of mistakes. Ha! Definitely can't argue that point. ;-) Funny app idea. I'd say that if you need this app, you've got a serious drinking problem. Google hasn't made 'random' pricing changes. Sure, they didn't do the best job of handling the switch from beta to a real live service, but they did listen to the community and they learned a lot of lessons. I really don't think they will make the same mistakes twice. Maybe you missed the meetup at Thirsty Bear in SF where they bought us all drinks and apologized? Even Guido was there. I think you are wrong about the costs of EC2. First off, you have to run your own servers on EC2. When one of those servers goes down in the middle of the night for some random unexplained reason, who are you going to call? Yourself? If you don't think EC2 servers go down, you are kidding yourself. With GAE, I'll never have to hire IT staff to manage servers or networks. The high replication datastore on GAE is amazing . I'll never have to worry about running out of capacity, backups, or downtime for that matter. I've been told that entire datacenters have gone offline and nobody even noticed. Now, that is reliability. It sounds like a lot of your issues surrounded using XMPP on GAE. I think that is a perfectly valid thing to complain about. That said, just cause XMPP is expensive doesn't mean that all of GAE is expensive (or problematic). As you found out by writing your own C++ servers and what not, XMPP is a difficult service to provide reliably. Maybe that is worth that cost? Note: I'm building my sporting event ticketing website entirely on GAE. People will be able to register for marathons, bike races, etc. It may cost a bit more for their service, but given that I won't have to hire any staff to manage servers or worry about adding capacity when thousands of people all want register for an event at the same time, I think that is worth it. Note2: I'm a user of PartyChatApp. Thanks for providing it. Oh, it is a complete failure. I've switched to Git entirely as a result of it and will never use Subversion again if I can help it. I wrote a long'ish blog post detailing why it is a failure: http://lookfirst.com/2011/04/subversion-mistake.html The only thing on your website that suggests that is this brief sentence "just pay for what you had". If I saw my friend taking out this app and being a miser about something like this, I'd probably not drink with them again. Hell, I wouldn't drink with myself again if I pulled out this app. I seriously can't imagine someone using this in a social setting and not being ridiculed for it. Could you imagine at the end of the night, pulling out your phone and saying... "hey everyone, look, I only drank this much and I'm not going to put any more money towards the whole tab." Most of the time, the people who would even care about the tab are the people who aren't drinking! Why would they even need this app? Really, I hope my friends are honest enough to put their share of the tab up or suck it up and just pay a bit more knowing that the next night of drinking maybe they save a bit. It all evens out in the end between friends. Spending time and money implementing ideas like this are exactly why we are in a bubble right now. If someone is going to pay $0.99 for this app, but be worried about paying too much for drinks in a group setting, something is really wrong with that person. The datastore is complicated and not what you'd normally expect from a SQL type system. It is a real mental shift when designing your schema to be efficient. That said, using it is well understood at this point and my co-founder is Jeff Schnitzer who wrote Objectify [1] which is the best way to tie Java to the datastore. Outside of Google, I think he understands the datastore more than anyone else on this planet. Thanks for the warning, but I think we will be ok. =) Also note, I'm speaking from a Java perspective. Using Python has definitely had MT issues which are being resolved with the new version of Python 2.7 available there now. I'd still recommend using either Go or Java for your app. [1] http://objectify-appengine.googlecode.com/ Sorry, I shouldn't have had quotes around the 1.410 http://jsfiddle.net/kgp2H/ Think of it this way, say you have a template that is putting some data into an element like this: Click me to edit something Now, using .data() to select the information out, will always return 1.4 instead of what you want, which is 1.400. Here is another example of what I'm talking about: http://jsfiddle.net/KwjvA/ Sure, the datastore makes you think a bit harder when designing your application. But, I'd rather do that thought upfront than down the line when my MongoDB (or insert your favorite nosql solution here) instance is falling over under the load. In other words, you should probably be doing that anyway regardless of using GAE or not. ;-) The rest of my app is just a regular .war file, so really it is just the data layer that would need to be ported. Given that the data store is pretty much just a big hashmap, it really won't be that difficult to rewrite the underlying code for another nosql store like MongoDB. The hard part of the original 'schema' design is already done. As part of GAE leaving beta, Google has given a 3 year EOL commitment. I'm actually glad it has left beta because that means we get something solid from them now. What I mean is that once they declare that they are killing GAE (if they ever announce that), you have 3 years to migrate. I'm ok with that term. http://code.google.com/appengine/terms.html 7.2.a: "For a period of 3 years after an announcement (the “Deprecation Period”), Google will use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to operate the Deprecated Version of the Service and to respond to problems with the Deprecated Version of the Service deemed by Google in its discretion to be critical." Seriously, I've done the research and I've used the different solutions that are available today. GAE is one of the best solutions out there at this time for my type of application, which is pretty much just a straight up webapp. The only difference I have is that I have really bursty traffic as a ton of people all try to register for an event at the same time and then go away. This means, I need something to truly auto scale up and down without requiring me to do work or know my load in advance. No other solution offers the level of PaaS that GAE offers and at the price. SUPER great news. Thanks all for the hard work on this. The developers are doing an amazing job. I'm head deep in CS 10+ hours a day right now working on my startup and I can't imagine what life would be like without it. Very interesting, but it really makes me wonder. If Twitter is making money, why dilute the shares with investment like this? I'm sure one response is 'so they can grow the company', but that seems like a bit of a hard sell at this point. How big does a company like Twitter really need to grow in order to be successful enough that they don't need to take $300 million investment deals? I mean, they are already the #1 provider of 140 character communication. What is next? I was trying to be subtle, but still say that I find it amazing that Twitter hasn't figured out a business model yet. Anyone I've talked with any bit of knowledge has always said that they are raking in the cash selling data analysis and things like promoted tweets. That said, as other people have commented, maybe Twitter didn't have a choice in this matter. If so, that would have been an interesting phone call to listen in on. Assume you have $300 million worth of Twitter stock that you can sell. Imagine getting a phone call along the lines of: "The Saudi prince is calling, and he'd like to buy all your stock for $300 million." I'd be sh*tting bricks and trying to figure out if there are any new Gunboat 90's [1] available to purchase. ;-) [1] http://www.gunboat.com/90-gallery.php What I am hearing is a few things: a) You are upset about the fact that they increased their prices when they transitioned from a well documented beta service to a fully supported commercial offering. b) You are upset that there is some features missing, such as the way DNS is handled. c) You are upset that there is a proprietary nature about the service. I think those are all pretty much valid concerns, but let me address them: Yes, the costs did go up for some people, including you, it seems. But remember again, it wasn't just some random increase. They switched out of beta. There was never a hint at a promise that they would keep the prices at the same level. As I mentioned before, they admitted they messed up in their messaging. They heard people screaming at them loud and clear and went back and actually adjusted a lot of their prices. You say that AWS won't increase prices because of costs decreasing, I can only hope that GAE, with a similar model will do the same. That said, you really can't compare GAE with AWS because they are entirely different offerings. You absolutely need an IT staff (be it yourself or someone else) to run, monitor and manage those servers on AWS. You don't need that with GAE and I find that to be a massive selling point. I've seen first hand what happens when you have to hire IT staff or stay up at 3am figuring out what server problems you are having. It sucks because a) it is nearly impossible to hire good sysadmins right now, b) who wants to be on call 24/7? There is also the lack of the high replication datastore on AWS. There is nothing even close. Personally, I'm willing to have a bit of vendor lockin for those features. Yes, features are missing. Google knows about it and has been doing regular releases of the SDK to address missing features. I'm pretty confident that as the service becomes more profitable for them, they will dedicate more resources to it. If not, then I have 3 years to migrate and find something else. For now, the feature set is good enough for me. That might not have been the case for you, but that isn't entirely the fault of anyone. It is still a maturing product. Yawn, this is basically just an advertisement article for UStream, Socialcam and Crowdbooster. I'm starting to feel like anyone who has a negative opinion of CoffeeScript should prefix their statements with "I've spent the last M months writing code in CoffeeScript for H hours a day and these are my specific issues with it." Otherwise, these endless discussions of JavaScript vs. CoffeeScript really aren't productive. If you haven't spent time with actual coding in it, then you probably don't have as well formed opinion on it, compared with people who are spending a lot of time with it. So, I'll start with my own opinion... I've spent the last 5 months writing code in CoffeeScript for 8-14 hours a day for my new startup. I can't imagine being as productive with JavaScript as I am with CoffeeScript. I write a fraction of the amount of code with CS than I would with JS and I get to take advantage of all sorts of great features, that would be much harder to replicate, like class hierarchy with constructors. I really love not having to type 'function() {}' all the time and the fat arrow really helps me with binding scope. I type => or -> Once you get used to not reading the auto typed 'function() {}', it really makes your code look a lot cleaner. This app seems like a massive identity collector. Also, I accidentally figured out what port they are running on because FB redirected me to it when I didn't agree to connect. http://sendspree.com:22222/ tl;dr: They spent $14,800 on two weeks worth of advertising and got 8507 clicks, some feedback and a few connections with people they didn't have the creative juice to figure out a way to connect with. The app is 'free for the holidays', so one can't relate that to CPA. It is a very pretty looking polished app. I'm not sure I'd spend money to buy it myself, but maybe others would. I suspect it will take a long time to make back the $15k in advertising. She's also very smart (Harvard grad) and has an impressive resume. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emily_Chang_(journalist) These are all reasons why I've adopted CoffeeScript over JS. Sure, you can accomplish the same exact things in JS, but they are far more natural with CS and with far less typing. Less typing is less chance for mistakes and bugs and makes an easier learning experience. One other line item is the encapsulation of classes in CS. Doing that in CS is natural and easy to explain to a first year programmer. Accomplishing the same thing in JS is far more boilerplate and much harder to explain why you have to fight the language to accomplish something as simple as a class. Sure, you probably shouldn't learn CS without at least a general understanding of JS, but I definitely think that CS is the next logical step for the second semester. I'm ok with missing out on the prototype paradigm. To me, it is a wart for JavaScript. There has been a ton of discussion on why libraries like DateJS, which pollute the Date prototype, are bad. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823682/javascript-namesp... Kind of a side note to the posting, but I just have to say: Please make your usage of parens consistent. If you aren't going to use them, don't use them everywhere. Here is an example of what I'm talking about: if isAir cx, cy, cz + 1 then addPlane('near', block) Should be: if isAir cx, cy, cz + 1 then addPlane 'near', block Personally, I use them everywhere because I like having the stronger visual clue that this is a method I'm calling. I think making them optional in CS was a bad idea. if isAir(cx, cy, cz + 1) then addPlane('near', block) imho, so much more readable. It sounds like he had 140 characters to succinctly say what he wanted to say. Not sure I understand you or maybe you don't understand me. I was talking about using parens for method/functional calls, not getting rid of them from CS. I totally agree with you. Hey everyone, don't worry, be happy! Their VP of engineering used to work at 'a startup' and prior to that, he was a 'rocket scientist' because he worked at Raytheon on missile guidance systems. Oh, and before that, he worked at the Mothership, I mean Microsoft, in the 'user experience team'. As an added bonus, if you want to work at Oyster, you get your choice of such cutting edge technologies as 'Python, PostgreSQL, Nginx, Windows, CentOS, C++ and more'! Nothing to worry about here, I think we are in good hands. Doing analysis like this also has a huge impact on broken window theory. If engineers see a whole bunch of compiler warnings, then they don't think twice when they see just one more and it could be a really valid warning. It also gives a good sense of ownership and commitment to the codebase if everyone agrees to not check in code with warnings. Also, when you have new engineers copying and pasting code to get stuff working quickly, you certainly don't want them doing that with buggy code. At my last gig they had that as well, but still ignored it because the culture when I got there was totally full of broken windows. There was 8000+ warnings and findbugs errors in the codebase that I went through and fixed. Luckily a lot were just white noise, but some >100 were definitely valid bugs that had been in the code for quite some time. In order to keep things clean after all that work, I turned on warnings as failures as part of the continuous integration build (which I also set up) so that everyone would get an email each time the build failed. Yea public shaming, heh. The hard part was then training people to pay attention to the emails and not filter them to the trash. As a final step, what I did was built the testing environment into the CI system so that if they wanted to test their code on a virtual machine before getting their branch into the latest iteration, they needed a clean build in order to generate the debian installers. That was the final kicker which really made people start paying attention to this stuff. So, in order to push code to production, which everyone wants to do, you needed a clean build. Problem solved and it really cleaned up the quality of production releases. ;-) Holy shit, I just bought a copy of this app and I don't even care about .DS_Store files. BEST Finder improvement ever. Thanks! Just kind of curious, what happens if a developer fixes something and the tester wants it immediately so that they can test that fix? Do they have to wait another day for the build to happen? I setup builds which could be tested as soon as the build was complete. I also had to do a lot of work to optimize the build process so it would complete quickly. It started out with ~20+ minutes and I worked it down to around 3-5 minutes. I agree! Here is another semi-close example. Not about hovering, but how about needless hiding of important user experience? https://github.com/mozilla/browserid/issues/797 I filed this super minor issue in the browserid issue tracker and it was closed with 'as designed'. No feedback as to why it was designed this way, but it sure seems silly to me to hide the 'remove' button under an 'edit' button. I can understand this on a UI like an iPhone, but on a web page? Oh well. Interesting that you write 'Edit' vs. 'edit'... Here is another issue I just filed last night: https://github.com/mozilla/browserid/issues/809 tl;dr: Super minor, but the case of buttons is actually important UX too. I'm worried about BrowserID UX because we are implementing it on our site as an additional login system along with Facebook Connect. I'd love to see BrowserID become successful since we need an alternative to Facebook and OpenID is a train wreck. But, I worry that with bad UX, it will remain just an unused interesting idea. Very nice job! I've been wanting something like this for a while now and I didn't even realize it. How about support for Handlebars? =) Wouldn't that be resolved by having people work rotating shifts? As much as I appreciate creating our own work for all of the fame and fortune it brings us developers, it seems like Bootstrap (v2.0) and even Zurb/Foundation is much further along than this project. I can't imagine why I'd use this over one of those two choices. Did you consider contributing your time and expertise to an existing project instead? This quote: "Hundreds of thousands of pictures of the moon will be examined for telltale signs that aliens once visited our cosmic neighbourhood if plans put forward by scientists go ahead. Passing extraterrestrials might have left messages, scientific instruments, heaps of rubbish or evidence of mining on the dusty lunar surface that could be spotted by human telescopes and orbiting spacecraft." Reminds me of this image: http://tombsofkobol.com/films/silent/lune_01.jpg Apache Flume also xfers things in json. It is simply amazing that something that is clearly a bug would be marked as WontFix without so much as a explanation of why. Should Google refund developers when they make an uninformed decision that costs them money? One could argue it is a bug in GAE that allows developers to make an expensive mistake when they don't fully understand how something (fairly complicated) works. Someone else could argue that we are all developers and we should know the costs associated with the systems we are building. There is a real cost associated with PaaS systems like GAE. What do you think? Unfortunately, that isn't entirely true. There is a huge amount of value in allowing someone to log into your site with FB credentials. You get their name, age, sex, validated email and a list of their friends all without having to ask a single question and more importantly, not write any code to manage or synchronize that information. What is incomprehensible is that by offering this authentication system feature on our sites, we are actually helping FB gain more users and thus boost their business. You'd think that it would be treated more as a mutually beneficial ecosystem, but instead is treated like a third party integration that nobody cares about. Especially when there are bugs. It really is too bad that FB refuses to take advantage of developers and business people out there who are willing to actually help their company grow and are asking nothing in return except for a bit of acknowledgement when things go wrong. I never said we would 'require' FB auth. It certainly is one of the options though. One click login, not having to remember a bunch of different passwords and not having to fill out yet another registration form is very compelling for a lot of people. We also provide enhanced functionality based on the data that is made available to us. We only ask for the minimal set of permissions. As a result, we get the data which I already outlined. Another option which we are supporting, for people like you who won't use FB, is BrowserID. That system only gives us an email address. So, because the site I'm building requires all of the same data that FB already provides us, we still have to force you through a 'registration' process at some point. I'm curious, what exactly is your fear of FB auth that prevents you from using it? a) What questions would you ask? b) Why do you trust Facebook and not another site with that information? c) What do you define as a 'scumbag'? ... and as soon as FB decides to block it ... It isn't that people still think it is the only way. It is that people have realized that they don't want to be woken up in the middle of the night every time their server goes kaput. I have better things to do with my time. I'd rather pay the 'extra' money to a PaaS in order to not have to a) hire a sysadmin, or pretend to be one on TV. b) get a full nights sleep. c) be able to go on vacation without worrying if the server is up or not. d) not have to worry about adding servers when my traffic has spiked and this one server isn't enough. If you don't think EC2 instances go down, you are kidding yourself. Not only do they go down, but they 'appear' up. Talk about a mixed message. So, you also need to pay for a third party monitoring service just to tell you that your server is down. At the end of the day, when you've added up all of those 'costs' of running your own servers, PaaS starts to look at lot more attractive. I certainly trust a company like Google AppEngine to be able to hire a lot more sysadmins, setup better monitoring and have better response times for fixing servers than I ever could. I'd also love to never have to learn or remember the arcane list of setup configuration that this person blogged about. Instead, I'd rather be adding features to my app and making money. Sure, trying to mitigate damage with sandboxes is a good goal, but the reality is that if your server is hacked at all you're screwed. There is enough local shell exploits that once you are on a box, chances are you can get past user and group permissions pretty easily. Plus, they've hacked your box! Time to wipe it and start over. Period. As for SSL certs, don't you store those on the load balancer? If you are running a single box and it goes down, pointing the LB at a new backend box is a lot easier than copying certs around. As for SSH keys, I'm not quite sure what damage could be done there. The only thing on there is public keys, right? As I said below, this is a big reason why I believe in PaaS if your application can deal with it (and most can). Sysadmin has become so commoditized that there is no point in wasting your own time/money dealing with this stuff. Maybe I'm confused. It seems like Facebook has the ability to hire as many 'resources' as they possibly can. Are you saying that there are no Python developers out there that you could hire that would be willing to work on the SDK? From everything that I've read and seen first hand in doing interviews, the reason for the major talent shortage is because FB, Goog, etc have first dibs on the best people. What I suspect is more likely is that their general interest primarily lies in languages other than Python. One addition, use my little automator action (Create Backup Volume) [1] to generate the sparsebundle for each machine you are backing up. It sets up the sparsebundle with better arguments, namely a larger sparse-band-size=131072 which greatly improves the speed of the backups since it is fewer files being opened in the sparsebundle. Don't worry about the size you give the bundle since newer versions of osx will just resize the bundle to the size of the shared volume in netatalk (something which was neglected in the blog authors post). [1] http://code.google.com/p/backmyfruitup/downloads/list "Obviously, there is Github, and any startup that puts their code out there for people to learn from is an open web advocate in my book." I'm wondering what her Github username is, searches there for her only turns up other people's mentions of her twitter username and her name. Thanks Sara! For some reason Github's search engine doesn't find you by name. https://github.com/search?q=sara+chipps&type=Everything&... I use Backblaze ( http://goo.gl/LKYIq ) in case my house burns down and I do TM backups to a DroboShare FS in case I need the data immediately. The TM backups are also full backups so that if I need to just restore a whole machine I have that option too. I also have PreyProject installed in case someone steals my laptop. Having lost data in the past, I can only say that setting up some sort of backup/recovery system is very important. Hard disks and SSD's are like life, they have a 100% guaranteed failure rate. =) Apple put that in there so that they could sell more TC's. They also seem to make backwards incompatibile changes to the protocol for every OS release. That said, the netatalk (and other vendors such as Drobo) have been pretty good at staying on top of the changes. You can safely ignore this as an issue. Ok, cool, you worked on TM. Care to explain why Apple purposely made it difficult to setup TM using any other third party product other than a TimeCapsule? 'Because we didn't want to get support issues'? It looks like Mashable, the source of Marco's link, also uses GoDaddy: Registered through: Go Daddy Domain Name: MASHABLE.COM Yet the author of the article, Todd Wasserman, states in the comments: "No. I don’t know who we use, but that had no bearing on this whatsoever." Hmmm... I think maybe a better title would be 'Lesson learned: Don't start work until a contract is signed.' I fully understand that the potential for delaying or losing the contract completely could be part of the motivation for starting work in advance or in parallel to a contract. But, it seems that in this case, was the headache worth it? Regardless, I do agree that it sounds like Apress should have treated the author with more respect. I'd love to hear the other side of this story as well. Is the goal here to learn how to write code in Python or to learn the specifics of each version of the language? If the goal is to just learn Python, I don't think it really matters which version you learn since the general basics of the language are pretty much the same between versions. In other words, a for loop is still a for loop. Asking Google came up with this link: http://wiki.python.org/moin/Python2orPython3 I'd personally start with 2.x so that you can understand the history of Python and then make sure to have an understanding of what is changing in 3 via links like this: http://docs.python.org/py3k/whatsnew/3.0.html Finally, if this is for a job, I guess one thing would be to see what the requirements of the job are. If you need to use Python 3 for your job, your best bet is probably to learn Python 3. =) http://joncom.be/experiments/markdown-editor/ This is from Sept 2010, so it seems a bit outdated. For my site, I've been using the code [1] which powers the StackOverflow editor and it works great. It would be pretty easy to set that code up in a page like this one above and you'd get buttons for making things bold, which seems handy. [1] http://code.google.com/p/pagedown/ I also heart google translate. http://translate.google.com/#ja|en|%E3%81%82%E3%82%8A%E3%81%... A lot of these AppEngine costs too much notices have been coming up recently, but upon further inspection, they all tend to boil down to operator error. Unfortunately, AppEngine isn't forgiving of that and there is a real monetary value associated with questionable engineering design. Or, design that wasn't thought through enough in the context of a service like AppEngine. This leads to a few people getting upset and making a lot of noise when the reality is that AppEngine is actually an amazing service. So, to boil down the operator error from a quote in the thread: "We're running a mapreduce to change the geobox sizes/precision for a large number of entities." That is the real source of the problem. Instead of using geoboxes, they should be using geohashes, which allow arbitrary precision. http://code.google.com/apis/maps/articles/geospatial.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geohash Instead of an indexed property that looks like this (what they currently have): [u'37.3411|-121.8940|37.3395|-121.8926', u'37.3411|-121.8929|37.3395|-121.8916', ...] They would have an indexed List property that looks like this: [8, 8f, 8f1, 8f12, 8f12a, 8f12ac, 8f12ac6, 8f12ac60, 8f12ac605, 8f12ac605f, 8f12ac605fb, 8f12ac605fb3, 8f12ac605fb34] Finding if the location is in a box would be computing the hash from the lat/lng (there is free code out there to do that) and then doing an indexed 'in' query. The indexes would only need to be updated if the location of the entity changes, not when they want varying levels of precision. I can't imagine how an indexed query on a List of ~10 items takes 13 seconds. 'We wrote our own approach on App Engine' Hmm... details? 1) You are making an assumption that the original design decision was made around cost. I bet the more likely fact is that they made the change and found out that it cost them $160. Remember, that was when AppEngine was a _beta_ product and it seems they got lucky the first time. 2) They seem to have an extreme use case. No one is going to argue that maybe AppEngine doesn't fit the bill for them. Or, one could argue that doing 6.5 billion writes times a large number of customers, across multiple datacenters is something that a lot of databases would choke on. 3) Running more queries, while admittedly hacky is less expensive than doing more writes. http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2008/04/developers-start-your... "Google App Engine is free to use during the preview release, but the amount of computing resources any app can use is limited. In the future, developers will be able to purchase additional computing resources as needed, but Google App Engine will always be free to get started." You got 2+ years of use for 'free' and now they decided to turn it into a supported business model and are asking you to pay for what you use. Seems reasonable to me. I don't disagree that they fubar'd their original pricing release announcement and should have had multithreading Python 2.7 for those folks. But they did listen to the (loud) feedback, made adjustments and even apologized (were you there at the ThirstyBear meetup where they bought us all beers?). Not having to hire an IT staff or be woken up in the middle of the night when AWS decides to reboot the host and your servers go down is worth its weight in gold. If you correctly architected your application around the constraints of AppEngine, then it wouldn't be costing you a lot of money. That is the whole point... you know the constraints, so you architect wisely and you spend money where you need to. You decide which indexes you need and which ones you don't need. You decide how many reads and writes you are going to make. You figure this stuff out in advance and if you make a mistake, you refactor your code to improve things. I'm not saying it is easy, it isn't. It takes a skilled engineer to learn this stuff and make it work. But, when it does work, it really does work. It sounds like you failed to create an application that took all of that into account and of course you are going to look 'real stupid' when your clients figure out that you took shortcuts. There is no way that could be the fault of AppEngine. I'm curious where you went after AppEngine. Are you hosting on AWS now? Heroku? EngineYard? Do you have the same reliability and scalability as what AppEngine provides? Maybe that isn't something that is beneficial to you and in that case, I can see how AppEngine is not your cup of tea. For me, AppEngine is amazing. I love the fact that I'll never have to hire a sysadmin. I love not carrying a pager. I love knowing that when my site gets an asston of traffic, I won't ever have to think about making it scale. I love not having to worry if my database is on big enough hardware, replicated across data centers, backed up. I'll never have to think about whether or not my OS needs an upgrade to plug a security hole or ssh'ing into a server at 2am to figure some esoteric problem out. To me, all of these things are worth the 'cost' of AppEngine. I'd rather spend my time adding features than doing sysadmin. http://googleappengine.blogspot.com/2011/10/app-engine-ssl-f... I can think of TONS of services I've used over the years, both in and out of the software field that have talked about adding features and never did. Big deal, don't play the victim. If you really wanted onto the trusted tester program, you'd bring it up on the app engine mailing list or contact someone at google directly (their emails are all over the place, Ikai is a great guy, and they are very responsive). I'm sure they'd be happy to have enthusiastic beta testers. I find great irony in your quote on your G+ profile: "Do you create anything, or just criticize others work and belittle their motivations? -- Steve Jobs" I'm definitely not trolling. I'm trying to have a conversation and understanding of your rationale for why GAE didn't work for you. So far, you've left me totally confused. I heartily agree with you about GAE being a niche. Not all apps (or developers) belong on GAE. I ask again, if GAE didn't work for you, where are you hosted now? Now that they are out of preview mode, there is a 3 year notification process in the terms of service. That should be enough time for most people to migrate to something else. If not, then GAE probably isn't the right solution for you. "no HR datastore apps were affected." Sure, it is a small point, but it actually matters a lot. At this point everyone hosting a real service that cares about uptime should be on HR. I had someone from google tell me that GAE lost an entire datacenter and nobody noticed. The best part about this whole thing is the location lookup. Seriously nice job. Wow, you seem angry. Why do you keep replying and not answering the question? People who want the paid version, which probably comes with support as part of the package, will pay for that service. People who don't can just take advantage of the 'free' version. Even though the complexity of the code was low, there is value in offering a paid version, which usually comes in the form of support. Happens all the time. Now look who is trolling. First you respond with the now deleted statement, which I'll post back here: "ww520: You were not trying to have a conversation. You were trying to have a bragging session. I don't find it constructive to continue the "conversation." Then you come back and respond again? I'm so confused. Anyway, I'll consider this thread over, unless you actually want to have a real grown up conversation. Brilliant. That said, as someone working heavily with Bootstrap these days, I suggest that you rebase this off of the 2.0-wip branch as a lot has changed (for the better) there. You don't need this. Turn on the 'Labs' feature called 'Preview Pane'. I've been using it for a while now and after a bit of getting used to it, it is great. "Not all developers have existing online projects they can point to when you're interviewing them." After 15+ years of doing open source and being in Sr. Software Engineer positions where I've been responsible for interviewing hundreds of people, I'm convinced now that I would never hire anyone who doesn't have some sort of public online project. I don't care what it is, you must have some code to show. Here is my problem with that statement: You are saying that you only have code which is entirely private. This is most likely code you wrote for your employeer, which you can't show me anyway because chances are that it is NDA private. Or, you have code which you wrote for say, an iPhone app which you are probably never going to show to anyone. That is all fine. However, you are also telling me that you've never integrated any open source projects into your code or relied on any non-commercial external libraries. Or, maybe you have done that. But then I have to wonder why you've never contributed back to any of these projects that you've depended on. If you are a great dev, I'm sure you found them lacking in some way and wanted to contribute a bit back to them. Thus, we've come full circle. Any developer that I would want to hire, has figured out that there is a massive ecosystem of open source projects out there. They are integrating them and contributing something back to them. They are drawn to these projects like flys to sh*t. These projects teach them new tricks because they are studying others code. They are drawn to give back to these projects because they are taking so much good from them. That is what makes a good developer in my eyes. Here is a really good case in point example. Last night I was working with the amazing Underscore.js library, which I'm fairly new to. I found that I wanted to do something with it, couldn't figure it out and made a suggestion on how to improve it [1]. Someone from the community responded quickly, we had a bit of really positive back and forth and in the end I learned something new about the library. I expect that anyone I hire has the gumption to also be doing similar work. Go fork some projects. [1] https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore/issues/425 I'm ok with missing those people, they already have a nice stable big company job they are happy at. There is a lot of value in that and I'd never want to take that away from anyone. In high school, we were all told that in order to get into college, you needed to have extracurricular activities. I consider spending some time at night or on the weekends on an open source project part of the deal of being a software engineer. Not everything needs to be taught or done on the job. The people I want to hire make their own time to learn and grow. I think you are missing the point. This isn't about the job you are going to be doing, this is about getting me to even consider you for a job. To answer your questions though: (1) I'd expect you to continue doing open source, as both part of the job and on your own. I do it, so should you. Case in point, we just integrated our site with WePay. WePay didn't have Java API, so I wrote one (along with my business partner) and we made it open source [a]. This benefited my company, open source and WePay all in one shot. This isn't the only one, I can point at many more large projects [b], [c], [d] (for just a short list) that we've either open sourced ourselves or contributed to. I have a clear history of coding in multiple languages. Anyone who is going to hire me knows my skill set without having to give me silly brain teasers or even read a resume. Why would anyone want to hire someone without a clear record like that? (2) How you spend your time is up to you. There is a certain amount of work that needs to get done as part of the job and I'd expect that to get done. As long as you are getting your work done, in a reasonable time and of a good quality, I'm fine with whatever you do with your time. If that 'policy' doesn't leave you with enough energy, then I'd suggest either learning how to do better time management or find another profession / company. As I already said, I wouldn't hire someone without seeing their source code. The single best way to really see it is to see how they've contributed and worked with open source projects. Bonus points if you find a unique project to create yourself. [a] https://github.com/lookfirst/WePay-Java-SDK [b] http://objectify-appengine.googlecode.com [c] http://batchfb.googlecode.com [d] https://github.com/lookfirst/bootstrap Oh, I was certain that Kink.com (NSFW) was going to be on there. Back when I worked there, it was always fun to look at how many .gov email addresses had accounts on their system. I guess they didn't mean that kind of monitoring. ;-) If you can afford to be working with a bit of a moving target, don't waste your time with the current version of BS. The 2.0-wip branch is vastly more improved. Why does it always upset me when services like this (Geoloqi) don't have pricing clearly available on their website? All that great marketing doesn't make me want to sign in and create an account if I can't see quickly how much this service is going to cost me. 'Next week' being Monday? In the time it took you to post this response, you could have gotten pricing info up on your homepage. Well, ok, maybe another 30 minutes, but you get my point. Something doesn't smell right here, I'm getting more and more dubious. It is clear you are just taking advantage of the failure of SimpleGeo to pimp your service on HN before your service is even ready to be pimped. I can't remember the last time I used a Norton product. Why is this big news? Yes, I just posted about it! Suck! http://lookfirst.com/2012/01/githirecom-is-spammer.html Well, at least it isn't random! ;-) I've been working heavily with 2.0 for a couple of months now and it is a huge improvement over 1.x. I've converted 90% of a $20 template that I bought over to it and it cut out a ton of bad css (you get what you pay for I guess). It is still a bit in flux (ie: they just renamed a bunch of css for alerts and tables), but if you don't mind tracking the progress (made easy with your own git branch), it is a great basis to start a website from. When I worked at Kink.com (NSFW), we implemented hellbanning for when people would repeatedly make mean comments about the models. That said, I think it definitely has its place because we would often get a few people who would really try to abuse the comment system and the only way to effectively deal with them was to make them think people saw their comments. For the last few months, I've been making a small range of comments here just to kind of test the waters and see what people react to. It has been a really good personal learning experience because it is almost like people are telling you something to your face, instead of what they'd normally say behind your back or just keep to themselves. In general, I really like the community here, mostly because it favors positivity. I wish it favored a bit more humor and sarcasm, but those are two things that are hard to convey as text on a page. I'd never heard of System1/2 before, but it makes a lot of sense. Sites that are similar to the FB timeline, like Pinterest (which I recently signed up on to try it out), also give me that same sense of having to 'pay attention' more. It becomes more of a novelty instead of something that I'd want to use all the time. I think that is part of the popularity of sites like Craigslist and Hackernews, which present the information in an easily scanned format. They both fall into System 1. I think that as I do UX design for my site, I'll keep this in mind. While Less and Sass are really similar products that do pretty much the same thing; I switched my site from initially using Sass (scss) to now using Less for three reasons: a) Bootstrap uses less and I'm using bootstrap. b) It was trivial to go from sass to less. Mostly just renaming files to have the right suffix. c) I'm sure someone can argue differently, but I really think that the mixin syntax for Less is significantly better than Sass. I don't use mixins all the time, but this is really important if you want re-usable code. With Less, you don't have to declare @mixin and then @include it. Instead, any less block becomes a potential mixin. That said, Sass has a compressor/minimizer and Less doesn't really have one. I had to integrate clean-css into my builds. It would be nice if Less had this by default. Ah, that got me looking more closely. There is an option to use yui-compress and it seems with the 1.2.1 version. I use the shortened -x argument. https://github.com/cloudhead/less.js/pull/504/files GitHire is a spammer and doesn't deserve our attention. http://lookfirst.com/2012/01/githirecom-is-spammer.html --------------------------------------------------------- Hi Jon, Thank you for the bug report, and the criticism. I was surprised to see that you had not already disabled your profile, so I went ahead and disabled it for you. We are a new service, and we are truly trying to create the best possible experience for software engineers. Sending you an email about our job openings was a mistake. I'm very sorry about that, and it won't happen again. We recently implemented a feature where users can see job listings we have open in their profile and let us know if they are interested, so in that way we only contact people who let us know they are interested in specific job openings. I think that this is great start of a feature that could be good for everybody. Thanks again, Steve --------------------------------------------------------- Above is the form letter you sent me in response to me calling you out on spamming me. I wonder how many people also got that same exact email? Never mind the fact that the original email was a form letter too! The part about 'surprised to see that you had not already disabled your profile' seemed pretty absurd given that there was no way that I could disable my profile from your site. In fact, I shouldn't even have to disable the profile on your site. To begin with, you should have never created one for me, or anyone else. I certainly never asked you to do so and you've clearly violated GitHub's terms of service. Why are there still profiles up on your site? Why do you feel it is necessary to post the big names first ( http://githire.com/best ) and try to profit from their profile information? It isn't like they are looking for jobs. I'm sorry you made multiple bad judgement calls, but that isn't my fault. I also don't know why you expected a response from me. I really don't want to have anything more to do with your spam business. Even the title of this HN article is misleading. You are basing the failure of your business to recruit people from GitHub on economic indicators? Seriously? I don't have a personal need for this right now, but the fact that it stores the data as EBS volumes is pretty cool. I could imagine having local servers automatically mirrored so that they could be failed over to instances on ec2. Very powerful stuff indeed. This is really well done and funny. You missed one... https://github.com/mozilla/browserid/wiki/How-to-Use-Browser... Maybe that is the apology. I've building my own site for the last 5 months now and I've been knee deep in usability like this. It always comes down to what is the easiest path you can possibly give to your users. I'd do away with the whole extra click of making someone 'accept' or 'decline' the invite. Just have the two buttons in the dialog, on the first screen. Don't make me read, then click, then read again, then click. There is no logical reason for that extra step at all. The button on the right should be the 'continue' or 'ok' button and the one on the left should be the 'cancel' button. Don't use text for 'cancel' or 'decline', just make them buttons. The buttons should be right aligned at the bottom of the text. This is how the user expects things to be based on UX experience of their operating system, don't confuse users by changing it up. I just spent 5 minutes in Balsamiq mocking something up for you [1]. I'm not super happy with the decline button, I might play around with it in different areas (or ideally get rid of it all together). The point being that there is no need for the 'accept' step, since they aren't accepting anything, they are signing in or creating an account. By the way, for my site, we got ride of the whole create an account process entirely. We just have sign in. User clicks sign in and they have the option of using their FB account (with the bare minimal permissions) or using a BrowserID account (which only requires an email and password). Keep it as simple as possible. [1] https://img.skitch.com/20120130-dh9hf6mtt8wwemtgcjy7rq16t2.j... Good luck. I appreciate the idea on the donation. Anything for a good cause. It seems like the starter and regular plans are pretty anemic when it comes to services. For example, we are witholding proper security (SSL) until you pay more?! Really, this is just designed to just push the customer into a higher paying plan. The service isn't really useful for most businesses until the Plus plan. I'd rather that they just get rid of the starter and regular plans entirely. Two plans, Plus and Enterprise. Simple and would really make the comparison page really clean. Just say buy the plus plan and we'll donate $20 to your choice of charity (and then name a few I can choose from, instead of just picking one). Effectively, that is what will happen anyway with the current system. You are right. I got confused in the myriad of options in that giant comparison chart. I was wondering why http://intercom.io was down and now I come here and see this at the top. Must be it. Update, they seem back now, but their site was throwing errors a minute ago. I'm a huge fan of WePay. My founder and I needed a Java implementation of their api, so we wrote one: https://github.com/lookfirst/WePay-Java-SDK They are thinking out of the box by providing services that developers need. A well documented API and near real-time feedback with their core engineers. In this regard, PayPal is a joke. For us, Stripe is lacking a marketplace feature. We use this feature to sell someone else's widgets on our website. The money is collected into a FDIC insured bank account for the seller, that we can create with an API call. Money goes immediately into that account as soon as it comes in. We take our cut, wepay takes theirs and the money is deposited. The seller can then xfer the money into their own bank account. We also use an iframe based form for collecting the payment information. This way, it integrates cleanly into our website and we don't have to manage any of that process. This is a feature that PayPal has, but they have a horrible API and even worse documentation. WePay's is simple, clean and full of awesome. They also have a nice staging system that identically mirrors their production system, so it makes it easy to do development and testing. I'm curious, what more did you expect? Exactly what wheels are being reinvented here? Their API is pretty brain dead simple (it is just a matter of passing urls and data around) and the documentation is pretty good once you understand the general concepts. I've given them a bit of feedback on things in the docs that needed improvement, and they've turned around with fixes within minutes sometimes. I think that if you give them feedback on their apis mailing list about what you'd like to see added or changed, they'd be more than happy to listen. That is what really encourages me about this company. So basically, you've re-branded PaaS as NoOps. I'm all for it. While I appreciate what you've done here, it doesn't solve the real problem that I think that most people would have. Downloading the files is easy. The real issue is putting them up somewhere else. If your system moved them from Flickr to say, G+, then I'd pay you money. Otherwise, I don't see the purpose of this service as dropbox is more expensive than Flickr for storage and doesn't really have the same hosting options. Transition to what? What problem does this product solve? This is good, but for my app, we just decided to do all of the presentation on the client side using javascript. This prevents us from having to know or store the users tz at all. That way, whatever tz they are in is the correct one. =) We thought this might be an issue for things like emailing purchase receipts to people since that is something that can't just be 'rendered' on the client, but we ended up just asking ourselves "What would amazon do?" and looked at an emailed Amazon receipt. You will notice that there isn't a single time in the receipt other than when the email was sent. Looked at a receipt from Apple. Same thing. Problem solved by just removing the timestamp from the receipt. Thought that was an interesting tidbit that I hadn't thought of before. This is the JS library I used and am pretty happy with: http://momentjs.com/ These guys are spammers, there is no way around it. http://lookfirst.com/2012/01/githirecom-is-spammer.html Here is my post about an HN post that they deleted after people started ripping into them: http://lookfirst.com/2012/01/githire-spam-again.html Please make them go away. Mark all emails from them as spam. Do not buy their services. Do not respond to their emails. Yea, I'm starting to get upset at Github for allowing them to continue. I've emailed support@github.com multiple times about this. One email said that they would take care of these guys and then all further support emails have been ignored. Sadly, they are giving Github a bad name now too as it appears to me that they are supporting these guys by allowing them to continue. They are in clear violation of those terms. Github is knowingly allowing them to continue to use their services. I'm just wondering what Github's voice is towards Githire? Is it just me, or is this really confusing? Which services are responsible for taking payments? If the website goes down, does that affect taking payments? Isn't stripe.js part of the API? If the API goes down, doesn't that affect stripe.js? Also, what is up with all of that downtime? I think I'd expect my payment provider to have better uptime. Makes me wonder how quality the backend really is. If I was using stripe and my site couldn't accept payments for X minutes during a really important time (which seems to have happened 5 times in the last couple months), I'd be really pissed. Also, from a UX experience, getting my mouse pointer to line up over a 4 pixel wide line is a pain in the ass. It looks pretty, but isn't really usable. Update: Why the downvote? At least respond to me. I understand the difference between the two. The point I had is that stripe.js depends on the api. I don't understand why there is a separation in the status output. If the api is down, stripe.js is also down, you can see the reference to the api in the .js file. The way that my business works is that we take a large number of orders in a short amount of time and then it tapers off. If my site was down because their api is down for 4 minutes (and I don't know when it is going to come back up), that would really affect my sales. If you are at a cash register and pull out your credit card and the swiper doesn't work, chances are you can just hand the person cash. The internet doesn't work that way. 4 9's for a payment processor really isn't good enough. Also, that stat is just across 90 days, not 365. I really like Stripe and what they are trying to do. Now that I can visually see it, I just worry about their uptime performance. Update: Some one just sent me email calling me an asshole, which seems rather undeserving. This is their ip address pool-173-49-2-60.phlapa.fios.verizon.net. I don't see a SLA for Stripe on the ToS page, why not? GAE has actually had 100% uptime for the last year. http://googleappengine.blogspot.com/2012/01/happy-birthday-h... They haven't lost customers because there is nowhere else to go. I'm not knocking them for publishing their failures. That is all great. I'm questioning the comparison with other unrelated systems that are much bigger than them, especially when they don't publish a SLA themselves. That doesn't work if you are using CoffeeScript which has no direct line translation. 'debugger' is the best way that I've found. Buyout Dwolla? The marketing is really funny, but I had the same thought pattern. I looked on flickr and I have 15,711 pictures. It would cost me $60 a year on Snapjoy. Even if Snapjoy, which is still in beta, is better than good old reliable trusty flickr, that pricing is a non-starter for me. What I really want to see is someone come up with a one click export to Picassa where I don't have to download all the pix first. I wonder if when Path 'deleted' the data, they shredded the hard disks too? http://www.networkworld.com/news/2011/042511-google-hard-dri... I've made sure to tell all my friends about it. Gladly paid the tiny $10 (would have paid $50) and also wrote a glowing review for you on the app store. LOVE THIS APP . I think one of the bits of hesitation for people to start using the application is how it will fit into an existing build system. I personally don't use any of the neato 'compiler' features because I already have that setup with my IDE. Also, I tend to be on the bleeding edge of the various compilers (Less/CoffeeScript), so I'd never use your app for the build step since I can't be assured that your version is the same version that I'm using. Really, the only feature that is important to me is the live reload aspect. Maybe one way that you can get more people interested in your application is to put a bit more focus on the live reloading. Show them how just pointing the app at the 'htdocs' folder and adding some JavaScript to the page is all it takes. I don't get what the issue is. I run bootstrap js through the closure compiler (with minification and optimization) and it works just fine. I don't agree with the policy myself, I prefer semicolon, but I also prefer CoffeeScript. That said, if Fat wants to remove it, that is his choice, leave him alone. Update: Just read his blog posting. If Fat really wanted the minimalist approach, he'd use coffeescript and then people would bug him over that choice instead. ;-) I don't get it. How will this company make money? Or does it not matter because it looks like everyone working on this project has a ton of money already from previous successes (congrats btw). I guess I don't understand why I'd download any of those apps and use them. They aren't going to be around in 6 months because either they've pivoted to the next big thing or the founders have been absorbed into a talent acquisition. Heck, the current incarnation is a pivot in itself! Very nice job. The only thing is that it I had to click the text name of the effect to turn the effect off. That was a bit confusing at first. I'm in the US and I recently went through the same process. I'm sure other countries have different problems. Just prior to quitting my job to start my own company, my wife was diagnosed with a health issue. My wife and I were both on the company plan. When we went looking for insurance, she was denied because of her 'pre-existing' issue. So, we've had to keep her on expensive COBRA until it expires and then there is something after COBRA that we can hopefully switch her to. I hear that there is legislation to prevent insurance companies from denying people coverage if they already have it, but who knows when that'll happen, if ever. I've been able to switch to my own plan, but it still seems really expensive since I very rarely need medical help. That said, the industry is a mess. The plans are very confusing and definitely directed towards getting the most out of you. No plan is a 'good deal'. The fact that there is three different insurance plans that you need (medical, dental and vision) shows how broken things are. I ended up using a broker who helped explain things a lot. The fact that I needed a broker to explain it is also broken. Sites like ehealthinsurance.com are massive spammers (try putting your real information in, you'll get phone calls, emails, etc.) and are really no less confusing. It is like they purposely make it hard to figure stuff out by using terminology that nobody else understands and burring it in their website behind forms which ask for your information first. You better figure out what hmo, ppo, copay, coinsurance and deductible mean and how they affect office visits and prescriptions. Then, chart it all out and if you are lucky pick something that seems like what you might need. Once you've got that done, fill out 20 pages of forms with all of your medical history. Grrr... just thinking about it all makes me so angry. It is such a huge waste. Yes! Please please please implement BrowserId. This is the one authentication/login system that actually has a real fighting chance. We've implemented it for our site (next to FB login) and we are really happy with it. Why what? Why we are happy with it? It is easy to implement and the people creating it are smart. They've done a good job so far, I see no reason why it won't be successful in the future. The browser integration will be amazing when its ready, but until then, it is the closest thing to FB auth without requiring FB or people to give up their friends list or other information they are concerned about. I'm not sure what 'crucial component' you are talking about, but we are just using browserid.org. This is why I'm gunning for BrowserID and so should you. At least someone is trying to solve the problem and doing a good job of it. It doesn't abuse user trust and when it is fully integrated into the browser (I imagine it as a replacement for those lame http auth dialogs), it'll be a no brainer. We use CloudFlare. $20/month and you get your whole site encrypted plus all their other really cool features. It is a no brainer for those of us who can do it without violating contracts. Heroku Dyno's were down for a lot of clients for several hours on saturday. One site that I use a lot, Intercom.io, was completely off the grid because of this. I was wondering why there was no news about it here. https://status.heroku.com/incident/308 Oh, I'd love it if it supported the Google AppEngine datastore! I think the real issue is that people are using all of bootstrap to create their weekend hack site and not bothering to even try to be creative with it. For my site, https://www.voo.st/ we just used a bunch of elements from bootstrap and also parts of the core. We integrated that into an existing theme that we bought for cheap. For example, the buttons and the form elements are great, we took the header bar and made it a footer. I really think that with some creative thought, bootstrap is really great and much needed in the community. With LR, I actually had to un-train myself from constantly reloading the browser window. Now I just save a file in my IDE, and LR does it for me. I couldn't imagine going back to anything else. I don't know about 'best', but I certainly can tell you what we've done for our latest project, Voost. https://www.voo.st/ Google App Engine cause we hate doing sysadmin work. Objectify. Cambridge Template Engine with JEXL. RestEasy/HtmlEasy. Jackson. Guice to bind it all together. Front end is heavily CoffeeScript, Handlebars, Jquery, LabJS, customized bootstrap and various other libraries. We've got a credits page full of links to the above projects... https://www.voo.st/about#credits Overall, I'm pretty happy with this choice. We've had to do some weird and semi-complicated stuff to integrate it all together, but at this point, it works quite well. I love the work that is going on with Bootstrap. I merged the BS master branch with my fork, copied the files into my project. Quickly checked to see if everything was good, then pushed it live. A smooth upgrade with no real issues. https://www.voo.st/ I interviewed for a developer position with Kevin and he told me that Oink was an experiment long before it launched. I didn't take the job because I personally would rather work towards long term shipping products. He's also clearly more of a product guy than he is a tech guy, so that makes sense. He's got a bunch of money to last him many years to try different things. If it doesn't stick or go big, he's now got code, developers and data to move onto the next project. No big deal, I'm actually a bit jealous of that position as it sounds like a lot of fun to be in his shoes. My prediction (without any basis) is that we should expect to see another announcement from him about some new experiment in the near future. =) If you can, use CloudFlare for SSL instead. $20/month and you get a ton of other features. You don't get last mile SSL support to GAE, but at least it stop script kiddies in coffeeshops. I used to have this same exact issue while working for a large porn company. We needed to make zips of hundreds of megs of images. We were creating them on the fly to start with, which sucked for all the same reasons mentioned in the blog post. After doing a ton of analysis and not finding a good streaming library that didn't require either C or Java (this is long before Node came along), we realized that as part of the publishing process, we could just create the zip and upload it to the CDN. Problem solved with the minimal amount of complexity. The difference being that for $80 you're flying with the masses, dealing with TSA, etc... Let's start off by seeing how long the name lasts: http://www.lsoft.com/corporate/legal.asp http://www.lsoft.com/corporate/trademark.asp http://wiki.list.org/display/DOC/Mailman+is+not+Listserv This is why people call them 'mailing lists'. It is shocking to me that as a reporter, you wouldn't even bother asking why they're using a heavily protected and trademarked word for their name. > Especially as "listserv" should be genericized by this point. Have you read the history? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LISTSERV It appears as though the author of the software decided to commercialize it and now you fault him for trademarking it? I think you're kind of baseless in your argument here. Update: I don't fault the guy for taking some software, re-writing it and then commercializing it. If the original authors didn't want to trademark the name or even protest the trademark application, then that is their fault. Sorry, but I don't see how getting people to sign up to a mailing list so that they can receive a random email from a stranger once a day is such an amazing idea. It sounds rife for abuse and the fact that the authors didn't bother to check to see if the name they choose was trademarked first shows to me that they don't seem to care what anyone thinks. My guess is that this doesn't end well and your email address gets sold to the highest bidder. We took the approach of a human readable TOU and Privacy Policy (with a bit of humor thrown in): https://www.voo.st/about#tou https://www.voo.st/about#privacy I wish I could say blog posts like this helped the cause, but my feeling after reading it is just meh. I'm fanatic about CoffeeScript but there will always be a divide between people who are willing to try it and people who won't. Writing blog posts that effectively regurgitate the documentation while being a bit religiously pushy about it just seem kind of counter to the cause. The correct syntax is: helloWorld = -> You just learn that -> == function() {} That said, I found it hard to parse until I started working in it for a few weeks and got used to it. Now, reading function() and {} everywhere seems like a mess of boilerplate to me. Really, it is just a matter of what you are used to. re #3: Also, I can't think of an optimization that JS has that can't be expressed in CS. It just doesn't work like that. re #5: That seems like a kind of crazy generalization. How can you say that when CS 'compiles' to JS anyway? Anyone remember animated tags? You put a bunch of them into the document and the browser would render them one by one. So disturbing. Also isn't https://.. . which gives a cert error in Chrome. Instead of just working out a licensing deal on Yahoo's 10 claimed infringing patents, Facebook spends $550 million to buy 650 aol/m$ patents. I bet FB's board was involved with this decision. Funny, I just blocked and removed this app on FB today after noticing they had posted to my wall about me watching a video. I have zero tolerance for spammy apps. Months ago, I submitted my sitemap.xml to Bing. I check the webmaster tools all the time. No errors, it sees all the links in the file and reports the correct number, but it refuses to index my pages. I do a search for my site in Bing and it shows me next to a bogus social network site of a similar name. All the while, Google is continually slurping up my content and showing my site correctly in search results. I appreciate the promise of Bing, but I think the implementation still has a lot of work to do. Shrug, I never bothered to say hello. This is a really good writeup and I really appreciate the bit at the end about pull requests and issues as I do feel that developers should stay on top of their communities. That said, I like the mixin syntax of Less better and my favorite project Bootstrap uses Less, so I'll stick with Less. As the founder of a self-funded startup, I need to be careful with how I spend my savings. So far, my costs are $20/month for cloudflare (ssl), $2/week on AppEngine (still working off that free $50 credit I got for being an early adopter) and $7/month happily paid for Github hosting. More power to them, I've been around open source for a long time now and this is the first company that has revolutionized software development for me. In the demo video, they show someone doing copy/paste in the browser window to enter information into the axis search bar. Why not add a contextual menu choice? It is the small UX things like this that would really make me want to try it over just opening a new tab in chrome, typing something in and getting the results. While I find this business extremely fascinating, I find their Careers page even more interesting. http://www.judge.me/careers Particularly: "Every 6 months, the entire team votes on hire / fire for each team member." - You've just been voted off the island! Wow, this is awesome, so I must be an idiot. I've been playing around with Heroku with a simple NodeJS app that I don't care about the performance of for the last week. I've been scouring their website for information exactly like this and I couldn't find anything this comprehensive. Thanks so much for figuring this stuff out. Just answering the simple question of "Is the 750hr's free for each app or is it per account?" is golden. Anyone have an example of a simple NodeJS worker dyno? The web one is easy, now I'd like to see the other. I've been searching around and haven't found any good examples. Thx. http://livereload.com/ I wonder what garmin shareholders will think of this. Evil and illegal Using another companies trademarked name in advertisements for your company without their permission is legal? I'm offering my users Browserid and/or Facebook in order to login. Works great and passwords are definitely something I'd rather not deal with. Also saves me from having to implement all sorts of stuff like forgot password, forgot username, etc. Nope. Feel free to play around and try it yourself. I think the experience is not 100% perfect but is pretty darn good. That said, I'm always open to constructive feedback. www.voo.st Great feedback, thanks. The button is 'sign in' since we don't really need the concept of login. Adding another button seems more confusing, what would it do? As for the text, sure, we can work on clarifying that more. Funny, I just said the same thing here a few days ago. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4079010 I had Olark on my site for a brief period to try it out. I really like the functionality that it provides and I think they are doing a great job. That said, I ended up removing it after finding that the javascript service was rather unreliable and would cause delays for the loading of my site. I'm sure it was just a brief outage or whatever, but it does me no good if I can't get my pages to load. I'll probably revisit it in the future as olark definitely had the best product out of all of them. The integration with jabber is key. It wasn't the async stuff. It was more like olark##.olark-server.com not responding randomly which would cause my page load to block waiting for the server to respond. Probably just a server down or temporary outage, but it was enough to shake my trust a bit and just remove it since we were just starting out with it. Again, it isn't the async stuff. It is: " rel="nofollow">http://server.not.responding.com> ; That causes the browser to block waiting for a response. It was a couple months ago, but I think it was olark19 not responding. While I appreciate what you guys are doing a lot, I'm not willing to be a beta tester for your networking. Stuff like that absolutely needs to be hosted on an architecture that just doesn't go down. Ever. As far as I can tell, the olark js block we are asked to copy into the page doesn't set this on the script element that is pushed into the dom. We switched from Google Maps to OSM because they were too expensive. Now that we are using the Leaflet JS lib, we are really happy with it. Not only is it a fairly nice API, but it is open source, so it is much easier to debug than working with Google's obfuscated code. Even with this price reduction, I see no reason to even consider switching back. The only downside to OSM is that we needed the tiles served up through https since our site is always https, but there are workarounds for that. ;-) As a Sonic.net customer for the past 7 years and a friend of Jake's, I applaud their efforts to not keep logs. That said, I'm curious what logs they are talking about. Ah, I'm now on a static IP because I was having problems with their dynamic ones recently and they suggested that I switch. I wonder if the config file for that is considered a log. I have Fusion on Sonic and I get around max ~750KB/sec (2.97Mbps according to speedtest.net) downloads. Apparently, I'm at the tail end of the distance from my central office. Sigh. I used to be a pretty good GNU Make 'expert'. I must admit that I'm glad that I've been lucky enough to be able to purge this arcane and esoteric knowledge from my head. Long live .PHONY! This is the type of response that makes me a happy Mixpanel user. Hit a snag; fix it, talk about it, open source it. I like the idea, but I don't understand why I'd use referly for this. If I'm going to spend the time to implement their api on my site, I might as well just implement the whole thing. It isn't like this is that hard of a problem to solve. The problem I see is when the marketing department wants 'one more quick feature'... you know it will happen. I'm all for not re-inventing the wheel, I'm just not sure that this api is that much of a value add. I also tend to shy away from businesses which haven't figured out their pricing yet. '100% of funds are passed through'... but no mention of what happens when the beta is over. 5%? 10%? 3.5%? Give some sort of guesstimate. To me, that also says you're still trying to figure out your own business model, which is fine, but not something that I'd want to build my own business around. I want to know you're going to be around in a year and that I'm not going to regret not implementing this myself. Don't let me sound discouraging. Keep plugging away though. I'll check back again when I'm ready to implement this on my own site and make a decision then. =) I just use http://momentjs.com/ Does timeago (with localizations) and more in one tiny library. Moment does both functions and 99% of the time that you're working with dates in an app, you're going to need both. Also, Moment is localized and has a fairly large community around it. The world doesn't need yet another timeago. I do use the JS api's and it was affecting my website. I was seeing a high number of JS errors and even worse, my users were seeing odd behavior because I was depending on your /track callbacks to fire and they weren't. This is the second time you guys have had a major outage in recent memory and your status page looks like a christmas tree. I really do love mixpanel, but unfortunately I'm going to relegate your service in my mind to 'untrustworthy third party service' every time I write code against your api. Also the fact that I found a pretty major bug in your loader code which prevents it from working correctly with IE browsers ( https://mixpanel.com/docs/integration-libraries/javascript ) last week and today you are still distributing the broken code has me worried. Do you not take this stuff seriously? There is no sane reason why Mixpanel can't give 100% uptime for a single .js file. https://api.mixpanel.com/site_media/js/api/mixpanel.2.js is down right now and that is the biggest part of the issue. This works fine for code where you are just firing a /track 'ping' back to the server on a page load. But, if you are trying to do things like track login's where you send a http redirect right after /track, then you need to use the optional callback parameter to /track and do the redirect in the callback. The problem with this is that if their JS doesn't load at all (which is the problem right now), then /track is never called and thus the callback is never fired. So because you can't depend on MP to reliably serve up a simple .js file, you have to write your own wrapper around all of that code to do a timeout incase the callback never fires. What a mess. Yup, lesson learned. I definitely won't ever depend on Mixpanel again to do something as simple a reliably serve up a single .js file. I don't want to include their JS file because what happens if they make a change that I need? That said, their documentation should account for this better imho. There should be sample code which clearly illustrates that if you are going to rely on callbacks being fired, that you better also setup a timer to make sure that they actually get fired. Edit in response to your response above: Mixpanel sells themselves on being simple to use, from their homepage: "It takes less than 10 minutes and is incredibly simple." The reality is far from that. Yes, I made a mistake of assuming that their JS would always get loaded and their callback would always get fired. I fully own up to that and I've learned my lesson. That said, their documentation should also reflect that the callback may not fire and you should be prepared for that by doing XYZ. It is two lines in bold red text and I would have thought harder about depending on that callback to fire. It honestly didn't cross my mind that their js wouldn't load and it hasn't been an issue until now. I'm also not trivializing service stability, yes, things go down and that is a fact of life. That said, when you've got $10+ million in the bank, you can prioritize a bit of the money towards setting up reliably serving of a single file, that doesn't go down for hours on end. There are services, such as CloudFlare and CloudFront which are pretty damn reliable for exactly this purpose and yes, are trivial to implement. This is exactly why services like CloudFlare exist. You can get pretty much the same behavior using CloudFront too. You may get a bit of downtime, but nothing like the hour+ that is going on now. You can even chain them together... CloudFlare in front of your CloudFront. CloudFlare screws up, just turn it off, now everything goes to CloudFront. Pretty print their loader JS that is quoted in the url above. I like using the Developer Tools in chrome to do it for me: Load up that JS, go to the Sources tab and click on the {} near the bottom of the screen to auto format it for you. The issue is that you can't insert b (the tag) into the DOM until you've declared window.mixpanel because the code within mixpanel.2.js depends on window.mixpanel to be defined. It is a subtle race condition that only seems to happen with IE, but when it would fail, it would cause one of those ugly IE dialogs to popup to the end user. Not good. The correct code should look like this near the end... just move the insertBefore to be after the window.mixpanel: a.__SV = 1.1; window.mixpanel = a; d.parentNode.insertBefore(b, d); I made sure to setup my G/FB/T tags to load async. They show up on the page when they are done loading and don't prevent the rest of the page from loading as quickly as possible. That said, I agree, they are slow to load and it is crazy how much extra stuff they load into the DOM. I started my business exactly a year ago this month. My co-founder and I went with Java on the backend for a few reasons: 1. This is what we were most experienced in. It is important to use what you know in a lot of circumstances because otherwise you'll have a harder time getting off the ground with your projects. Sure, Java isn't hip/cool in a lot of circles, but it gets the job done and there is a ton of support for it. Libraries like Joda DateTime/Money and Jackson are lifesavers that you can't find anywhere else. Do you want to build a business or spend time working on your tooling? 2. When your is new, you pivot your code a lot as you figure out the best way to do things. I can't tell you how many times we've said: "Wow, so glad we used a language that is easily refactored". Being able to safely make huge sweeping changes across your entire codebase without worrying about whether or not you are going to have runtime errors is golden. 3. We are hosted on top of Google AppEngine using Objectify to talk to the datastore as our database. This is another huge win for us. We get unlimited scalability with all the benefits of never having to carry a pager, manage servers or databases. Deploying code takes 2-3 minutes and is super simple. This means more time for adding features, which is very important when you are just starting off. Python is another good choice here, but lacks #2. I'm definitely not a huge fanboy of Java any longer. I do feel that it hasn't grown with the times and I think Java has too much stuff to type out (even with Eclipse doing most of it for me). That said, I do see Sunacle actively working on it and 3-5 years from now, I bet there will be a shift either back to Java (as Java8 starts to get more widely used and brings the language more current) or to another language like Ceylon, which unfortunately just isn't quite ready yet. What happens if someone hovers or clicks on the image and the underlying JS hasn't loaded yet? Also, how will you show the 'count' of Likes? You may wish to reconsider that approach as it sounds like it adds complexity without really benefiting the end user. PageSpeed is more than just optimization of JS/HTML. It is also about only sending the data which has changed. And really... why should all developers have to worry about doing that optimization as part of their build step when they can get it for 'free' with services like CloudFlare/PageSpeed? Sure, it isn't for everyone, but I can see it being of value for a lot of different sites out there. I love keeping an open mind on stuff like this. If you really want to scrape pages, you should use something like https://github.com/chriso/node.io/ which batches things in jobs, helps with error handling, io, etc... So I guess YouTube won't show up in search results anymore. #doublestandard Odd state? It certainly is... but it is only what... a year or two old now? It seems to me that what is missing is a clear winner. Sure, competition from a number of different fronts is really great, but I think what made Java tick for a long time was JBoss and Spring. For Ruby, it is Rails. I'm sure Python has Django and others. Clearly lots of people are working on it, but a powerhouse framework for NodeJS just hasn't surfaced quite yet. The OP's mention of security being bolted on as an afterthought really is something that makes me shudder. I can't imagine building a large scale public facing system without method level access control. I fear a whole new generation of injection type attacks against NodeJS frameworks. While it is fun to play with all the shiny new NodeJS toys, I don't see why sticking with tried and true on the backend (take your pick of Python / Ruby / Java) is such a big deal. A lot of the cool features that are being touted in the NodeJS frameworks have been already done elsewhere for much longer. For me, I've really successfully used NodeJS in one area where it really shines... scraping web pages... but that is simply because working with a jquery-like interface to the DOM, on the server side, is amazing. In the end, it seems like if you're bootstrapping a company / product (like many of us here are) and trying to pick what to use for your base platform, the obvious choice is building features instead of building frameworks. This means you stick with the tried and true and hope that in the future, the shiny new toys mature a bit more before you go down that path. I wasn't referring to node directly. I'm talking about the frameworks that have sprung up around it. I'm saving $100k+ a year by using GAE and not having to hire a fulltime sysadmin (or pretend to be one myself). When I hear 'my company had me switch to AWS/Heroku because of GAE costs'... I keep thinking... well, they could probably stick with GAE and get rid of you (and your manager) and save even more money. A bit of sub optimal design expense is nothing compared with hiring employees and it is relatively easy to refactor code to fix parts of your app that are costing money. I'm sorry the OP has to actually spend a bit of time thinking about how much implementing this new feature is going to cost, but that sounds like basic sound engineering principles to me. In the end, I'd rather focus on adding features to my webapp than getting paged in the middle of the night when AWS/Heroku goes down or my site suddenly gets a lot of requests. From that aspect, GAE has been a lifesaver for us. =) I currently run a online ticketing startup (Voost) for another side industry, athletic events (think bike/running/triathlete races), but I've also owned a fairly large night club in San Francisco. I've had the fortune of seeing a few sides of this industry now. You have a great explanation. I think the key point is getting venues to agree to switch to something else because Ticketmaster/ClearChannel truly owns the market. Heck, they own most of the venues too. One time, I ended up losing a ton of money on a Bone Thugs & Harmony show because a ClearChannel radio station advertised 'accidentally' that we were sold out and tickets wouldn't be available at the door. Nobody showed up. The games they can play are amazingly creative. This time around for Voost, we are trying to buck the trend with ticket sales. We force the promoters to always absorb the ticket fees themselves. The athletes love it because it is one simple price and we've done our best to keep our fees at a minimum. We'll see how it works out in the long run for us, but so far it's been good. Sure, you can make the tickets $1 and charge a $50 fee (which gets kicked back), but eventually people are going to catch on and start complaining. For venue ticketing, I honestly can't fathom someone in a startup really upsetting the industry without playing the same games as ticket master. Beyond the free tier of Heroku, I feel like it is significantly more expensive than GAE. Recently I've been doing a fair bit of traffic and I'm still below the $2.10/week minimum. If I get even more traffic I don't have to touch anything to deal with it. Heroku doesn't auto-scale quite the way that GAE does, it isn't transparent. Yes, I know there are tools to help with this, but GAE does it automatically. A key point for me is that Heroku doesn't have the GAE Datastore. This might be fine for you, but the hope for my company is to get as large as possible and the last thing I want to think about is replication, backups and scaling of databases. I've done that before and it sucks. People seem to quickly forget about the recent outages on Heroku. That said the past year on GAE has been pretty darn stable. I think they've really fixed a lot of the issues they were having early on. I do use Heroku for two apps running in the free tier and I can't complain because they are free and they wouldn't be possible in GAE. I have a NodeJS webpage scraper (which is controlled from RESTful hits from GAE) and a reverse nginx proxy so that I can serve up mapquest OSM tiles over https. =) So, maybe it boils down to the needs of your application and your tech stack comfort level (there is no Ruby or PHP on GAE). On a side note, I love your business! =) No, of course I didn't sue them and they knew I wasn't going to sue. It isn't like there is even a phone number or person that you can call to complain. And really, what would I sue for exactly? How could I prove they did that on purpose? I'm also not JWZ (even though my club was on the same street as his). I didn't have endless gobs of Netscape money to sink into dealing with stuff like that... and that is a big reason why my business died. This is just one story of many issues we faced. Lesson learned: never open a night club despite how good your intentions are. In 2004, when etsy.com was created, we all were pretty aware of the importance of specifying utf-8 when we setup systems. How could a company, that now has 120+ engineers listed on the about page, get to 80+ databases without fixing this issue? In summary, use cherry-pick to apply specific commit diff's (by hash) to a new branch. Makes perfect sense. I also use this technique all the time with github projects where I just want a bug fix or two from someone else's fork. Nice! Thanks for the explanation. As someone who's owned a night club before, I probably wouldn't pay $400/mo for this. That said, it is really hard to get an idea of what this product is all about from the website. Maybe it has that kind of value, I just can't tell. OSM is great, except they don't provide a https solution for their tiles, which is necessary if you run your site over https. It is easy enough to setup a free nginx proxy on heroku to workaround this issue (which then sits behind cloudflare for transparent caching), but it would be nice if OSM just provided https. Nope. They are doing exactly what I'm talking about which is proxying the tiles through their own hostnames so that they can get https support. map#.craigslist.org. The leafletjs api makes this easy to do. I think you might be right. I doubt they have rendered all the tiles though, it just takes up too much space to be worth it... http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tile_Disk_Usage Looking at that same tile through my proxy (which is backed by the MapQuest map tiles), it is clearly different data. Here is mapbox, which is also different... http://d.tiles.mapbox.com/v3/examples.map-vyofok3q/15/5242/1... I was totally expecting to see bootstrap ... heh. "Stripe works just as it normally would: we deposit the money into your users' bank accounts on a rolling seven day basis." I can also use WePay, which deposits the money immediately and gives me a marketplace feature (I can take a chunk out of the payment for myself). Squid 3.0 was released in 2007. It can be argued that this is an out of date recommendation. My experience using query strings has been fine. Related and worth watching... http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/en/rory_sutherland_life_lesson... It's possible in any language to write incomprehensible code. I wish that for single lines like the OP's example, the parentheses were required, but I can see how in CS making them optional for multi-lines is kind of necessary. Like when the last argument is passing in a multiline -> #1 I agree, making stuff optional was a bad design decision. It encourages people to write code in different ways and makes for unreadable messes if coworkers aren't religious about how they format things or they do things differently than you do. #2 has definitely bitten me, but I see that less of a failure of CS and more of a failure of the design of $.each(). The case is pretty well documented in CS though... the last code line is 'return'ed... if your code unexpectedly returns false, then really you are just bitten by the design of $.each(). This posting seems like basic knowledge, but I can see how people get lazy and don't do this step as part of their build process and just send things to the browser to do it for them. Part of the issue is that the default bin/handlebars script doesn't really support walking a tree and outputting a directory structure with all of the precompiled templates, but I've got my own hacked version of it which does... https://gist.github.com/3719225 handlebars ./handlebars --min --outputDir ./js/tmpl I also have a build script setup in Eclipse so that when I save the file, it automatically builds things... (similar to this)... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6645640/integrating-coffe... I use requirejs with a paths configuration like this: handlebars: 'handlebars.runtime-1.0.0.beta.6' This allows me to just write this in my CoffeeScript for each page on my site... require('handlebars') require('tmpl/org/requests') ... requests.html(Handlebars.templates.org_requests(requests: requests) All of this works amazingly well and has really allowed me to segment my code and templates up into little sections for reusability. Also, no need for ever loading the compiler part of handlebars in the client even during development. ... or you can write it in CS with a for loop which cleans up the syntax quite a bit... or it might be possible to reduce your input first so that you are only iterating over the things you actually want to iterate over... I think you're stretching here. Passing $.each to a function makes no sense when it is effectively a global anyway. Please give me a real world example of why you would do something like that (not in the functional aspect, that I understand... I am talking specifically about $.each). I also wouldn't use something called $.each to do a linear search. I'd use underscore.js _.find(), which has a sane api, you return true when you want to stop. This thing I'm looking for has been found. Array.forEach and _.each() chose not to support returning false. I can only assume that is @jashkenas being wise. Sorry, I meant the part about the requirement to precompile templates in order to have the fastest possible experience. For a multiple page website, it seems like it is a waste to serve up all of the templates for the entire site. I try to serve the template that is specific for the page. Right on the homepage of handlebarsjs.com... "It is also possible to precompile your templates. This will result in a smaller required runtime library and significant savings from not having to compile the template in the browser. This can be especially important when working with mobile devices." But nobody reads documentation... ;-) I bought a keetsa mattress years ago and love it. The op bought one too. It seems like the best thing to do here would be to just continue to support keetsa as they really are doing a good job on pretty much all angles. Keetsa is the Warby Parker here. Keetsa has done a great job of helping this issue. They are foam mattresses and they suck the air out of them and stuff them into a surprisingly small box. It actually takes about a month for them to fully reinflate once unpacked. Pingdom reported several minutes of downtime for my domain which is hosted through cf. seems back up again though. I agree, it is too bad that CS has so many optional ways of doing things. That said, it is possible to write unreadable code in pretty much any language. If you have a good style guide and stick to it, it is easy to avoid all of these issues. Interesting service. Couple of small issues: #1. http://usefirefly.com/learn-more (Our script tag will add a support button to the right side of every page it is installed on.) … but the image shows it on the left side #2. http://usefirefly.com/pricing says ie9+ and http://usefirefly.com/learn-more says ie8+ under highlights. Which one is it? #3. I don't understand why you use requirejs to load your js. This causes 2+ hits and a larger download. Instead, you should be wrapping it with almond for less overhead. While you are at it, how about also async loading your js too. cool. thanks. Hardcore... * NOTICE: All information contained herein is, and remains * the property of North Incorporated and its suppliers, * if any. The intellectual and technical concepts contained * herein are proprietary to North * and its suppliers and may be covered by U.S. and Foreign Patents, * patents in process, and are protected by trade secret or copyright law. * Dissemination of this information or reproduction of this material * is strictly forbidden unless prior written permission is obtained * from North. A long long time ago, I created an issue/bug tracker project with similar lofty goals. http://scarab.tigris.org/ Not to discourage you, but this is a never ending project. There is a good reason why nobody has built a better bug tracker... it's nearly impossible to do so. There is an endless set of requirements that people must have before they will start to use one. You can certainly get a few smaller players to keep the lights on, but those smaller players will most likely just use Github or another site with more integration points. You can see it in the comments already with several 'non-starter' requirements. This ends up making the project larger and more complex over time, to the point that it becomes exactly what we already have with other projects. Either that or it will just stay a small player in an already saturated area. I wish you the best of luck with your project, I just fear that your method of using Kickstarter to try to fund it is a bad idea. $5k - fees isn't that much money. There's enough articles on HN about KS vaporware and this one is ripe for it. I think a better idea would be to spend a year working on it and then go for real funding once you have a great working prototype. Agreed. I recently moved from LABjs to RequireJS. I regret ever going down the LJS route because it really doesn't encourage / enable you to modularize your JS. It was over complicated to get my head around RJS, but once I did, it really cleaned up a lot of my code and I'm super glad that I made the switch. Not quite as full featured, but here's my onError handler that just emails me (via a postback) when an exception is thrown in the client. Kinda hacky but works well enough and its free. https://gist.github.com/3753328 This 'ignore' argument is kind of silly. It would be just as easy for me to ignore this service as it would an email. If anything, I'd argue that I'm going to pay attention to something in my inbox far more than I would some service. I think you're blowing the whole thing out of proportion. When there is an error on my site, I fix it. If there is a bunch of duplicates, I fix it faster since it shows me that something is broken. My product is just a website. I don't need to implement this in 'every language' that I use. I have the backend email me when there is a problem and I have the frontend email me when there is a problem. Since I fix the problems quickly and I don't write crap code all the time, I generally don't have a lot of problems. Problem, what problem? I heavily use this app all the time. I pulled the 1.0 out of TimeMachine. 2.0 is a mess. Don't upgrade. Lombok has 'val'. http://projectlombok.org/features/val.html Lombok really brings some sanity to Java... I don't think it'll replace Facebook, it'll just be an alternative to it. We've integrated both Persona and Facebook into our site and it works great. For my business, we need more personal details about each person that we get by default with Facebook (name/age/sex). So, that integration will always be cleaner than Persona because it is just a few clicks. We've been working with BID/Persona for a while now (we're linked from the /about page) and we're huge fans. If you want to play around with it... https://www.voo.st/ It wouldn't be ideal because there would only be a limited number of people who ever took advantage of it. The model for Persona is different than Facebook. Facebook requires this data on account creation and so do we... so we just present the user with a lock out until they give it to us. Yes, we require it. Having the persons name is obvious. For the rest, the site is very specific in its purpose, which is to allow people to register for USA cycling events. There are some crazy rules around who can enter which race (based on age/sex) and we do our best to help guide people into the right event during registration. Location is a nice to have so that when we show the list of participants, they can see where each person lives. Future versions of the site will use this information to help people connect with ride sharing to events. Keeping the UX of asking for this information within our site makes sense when logging in with Persona since it doesn't have the social networking aspects that Facebook has. Most people who are entering bike races won't lie about their age/sex on Facebook (because bike racing is a relatively small community), so generally this information is pretty accurate. Once someone gives us their USA Cycling license number we also validate against the database we have of that information too. Thanks for posting this. I just had to redo some CSS on my site because of it. Even worse is that it also breaks the Garmin Communicator Plugin v 4.0.3. No more easy uploads to Strava from my Garmin 800 Edge. I don't know if this is Chrome or Garmin's fault, but the end result is that the end user doesn't have a working system. I had toggles like this on my site and found that a checkbox was a lot less confusing. It is just too hard to tell if state is successfully saved and if clicking things turns it on or off. The behavior I ended up implementing is... when the box is clicked, it is immediately hidden and replaced with a loading animation while the ajax request is hitting the server saving state. When that finishes, it shows a icon-thumbs-up for a second and then the checkbox again (either checked or unchecked). Those expanding buttons on hover are terrible. a) hover is useless on a touch screen device. b) it feels like a moving target. I'm curious how you deal with someone logging in with one system and then coming back and logging in with another. Do you have a way to merge accounts somehow? Also, I clicked on yahoo and got this: http://www.evernote.com/shard/s178/sh/faba70e1-03e6-4448-81f... I really want to see HN adopt Persona. This same fear of fragmentation is what kept Java from progressing for so many years and look what happened there. Things 'fragmented' by people just switching to other languages. I say roll the dice and see what happens. This is exactly why Persona really needs to be adopted more and succeed. I'm tired of creating new accounts all the time and Persona solves this issue. I really like the style of this writing. Thanks, I learned a bit. I just wish the presenter dug deeper into the final mystery to round out the entire presentation. Oh, that brings back memories... my heathkit flashing led armband soldering project... Is there a community on Stack Overflow that is already offering the same functionality as the WebPlatform forums? Some thoughts... The Q/A format in general seems like a great solution to the problem of sharing the best way to do things because it requires the person asking the question to ask a 'good' question and the person answering the question to provide a 'good' answer. Voting up the 'best' answer gives the closest approximation to the 'right' answer. The WP forum is devoid of any real content. It'll be years before it has anything approximating what SO offers. I can see the wiki format being good as a replacement for something like w3schools, but that isn't really what this appears to be. Plus, we all know that wiki's get out of date pretty quickly with the ever changing technology... unless of course enough people are paid to work on this content... and who says they are the 'experts'. You can already see in the comments here that people disagree with the coding examples. Who is going to moderate all of this? I'd rather use Persona to login instead of creating yet another account. I run an e-commerce business and it works great. Persona really fits in well for all websites and when it is eventually integrated directly into the browsers, it'll be even more of a non-issue. The more sites that adopt Persona, the more that the UX design and differences between sites will become a non-issue and posts like this where the designers are inventing yet another way of doing things will stop. Persona provides a clean standard interface that everyone knows how to use and even better... a single login. I'm currently using both of these and they are both a bit of a mess. Don't waste your time with either of them unless you want to spend a ton of time fixing them or you just have really basic requirements. wysihtml5 just doesn't work well, is missing a ton of features and the developer isn't really spending much time fixing issues with it. 71 open issues and 11 pull requests isn't a good sign imho. For bootstrap-wysihtml5, I had to override quite a bit of the insert link functionality to get it to do some basic stuff with regards to handling the modal, focus and enabling/disabling buttons if things change. https://gist.github.com/3889641 I really like Redactor and am considering switching to it from wysihtml5, but the one thing that has been holding me back is the design of the modals for things like editing links. I really wish they were more easily customizable because they look nothing like the design of my site. For example, I put the cancel button on the left and the ok button on the right and I use bootstrap to style it all. Redactor uses a link for cancel and switches the button order. I know this is a small complaint, but keeping consistent design is good design. Download size is one big factor for me. http://cdn.aloha-editor.org/latest/lib/aloha.js 1.1MB! http://imperavi.com/js/redactor/redactor.js 168KB (odd, it is an encrypted version) The actual minified 8.1.0 version that you get after giving them a fake email address is 41KB. Here's a rather interesting article (from 2004) on how the Tour is managed... http://www.engadget.com/2004/07/19/counting-every-second-a-b... I thought of this same idea awhile ago and then realized that http://apptoto.com (stupid domain name) beat me to it. It has great integration with Google Calendar and is less expensive than your service. p.s. I own MissReminder.com if you want to buy it. imho potential for much better branding... ;-) Props for using CloudFlare. Negative for the JavaScript error on the page. You need to load jquery before you load bootstrap. Most of the domains I looked at are already re-purchased or were not actually expired in the first place. I bet this site is really just setup to drive traffic to the ads on it. What would be great is if Apple stops selling spinning platters all together and just sold SSD drives. This would probably drive the price point of SSD down further and more quickly. I put an OWC 6g extreme SSD drive in my mbp and it felt like a whole new 10x faster machine. I'll never go back to spinning disks. I really like Express. Quick and simple to get up and running with a minimal amount of code. Implementing GitHub login is no more valuable than offering Facebook login. It ties things to a single identity provider and limits the number of people who can use it (ie: no FB/GH account, no ability to use it). Why not implement Mozilla Persona instead? It doesn't matter really what 'Mozilla Persona' is. All that matters is that instead of implementing GitHub login, which is a single identity provider, sites should focus on implementing a global solution to login now that a viable one is available. The general concept here is that the user just needs an email address and a password to login to any site. I'm tired of having to remember a bunch of usernames and passwords, aren't you? i heart xkcd. I keep hearing the lock-in argument over and over and I'm not quite sure that there is a solid basis for it beyond a level of paranoia. It's fine to be paranoid, I just don't want it to hold me back unnecessarily. Looking at things more closely, the only thing that you're truly locked into with GAE is the esoteric nature of the datastore. This isn't any worse than picking say MySQL vs. Oracle or Riak vs. Mongo. Most applications end up depending on some sort of specific functionality of each database that they are written for. While it would be difficult to migrate to another solution for storing your data, it wouldn't be impossible. There is no way to predict what direction any product might take in the future. Look at the way that Oracle is treating MySQL now. Tons of vendor lockdown there. The only reason to migrate away from GAE would be if you find out that your application doesn't work well on it (pricing, scalability, etc) or if Google decides to kill GAE entirely. Hopefully you do the analysis of your application before you decide to use GAE (ie: you can't blame GAE for you deciding to use it) and with a 3 year deprecation promise, I'm pretty confident that it will be around for a while longer. Your analogy of moving to another cloud provider is incorrect. Unless you've been 100% database agnostic, you can't just migrate your schema and data from say MySQL to Postgres. With the datastore on GAE, you can get your data out of it and move it into something like MongoDB. I'd argue that it would probably be less code to move to MongoDB because the datastore has all sorts of esoteric issues that you have to code around (like the way that entity groups and transactions are handled). In terms of the rest of your application, it is just a standard webapp in whatever platform you choose. The .war file I have for GAE will run just fine in Tomcat. The only real lockin is the way you store your data. Agreed. I keep these tabs open at all times: Mixpanel, Intercom, GA, Google Webmaster Tools. All great services and totally free for startup level usage. Make sure that you setup dev/stage/prod keys/accounts for each too so that everything is kept separate and can be tested individually. Why doesn't BIND disable/block open recursion by default? It should be a configuration option that you have to turn on and should spit out warning messages in the logs. Two changes that I found affected me: .label's are now display: inline-block. In my particular usage, I needed block in one area. tooltips used to default to html: true and now they default to html: false - The issue with this is that popovers are now html: false as well. I think popovers should default to html: true given their nature. The modals are a trainwreck in a lot of different ways. I suggest you use this code: http://jschr.github.com/bootstrap-modal/ It is interesting how Braintree, Paypal, Stripe, WePay* all offer 2.9% + $0.30 as their pricing model for processing credit cards. Why is it exactly the same across all of these providers? Credit card companies must be setting their prices so that all these companies need to compete on the same level. What happens when one of them decides to do 2.89% or $0.29? Everyone is fighting over portions of pennies these days. * WePay originally had 3.5% to try to buck the trend, but even they are now moving towards the 2.9+.30 model. Define buggy. The guy who wrote the new modal code is pretty responsive to fixing any issues. Weird, I can reproduce it now. It seems to be something with clicking around to various different ones. I'll report it to the author and see if we can get it fixed. Thanks for giving more information. https://github.com/jschr/bootstrap-modal/issues/8 It's been fixed now. Clear your cache and reload the page. Yes, pretty much don't ever use .data()... or at least have a very good understanding of how it will bite you in the ass. I posted about other issues with .data() not too long ago. This blog post has received >15k views, so clearly we aren't the only people having problems with it. http://lookfirst.com/2011/12/dont-use-jquery-data-method-use... The floats part has been 'fixed' in 1.8.x, but it really was just a bandaid applied to an api that is fundamentally broken. I just use .attr() all the time now. Works great. I haven't had that usecase. I just store 'keys' in the attributes and do lookups in objects (which have been created from JSON) to get the 'values'. For example, if I'm displaying a bunch of objects as rows in a table, I do something like this: tr.attr('data-key', key) as I'm looping over my objects. Then, if there is say an 'Edit' button as a column in that row, all I need to do is button.on 'click', (e) -> $(e.currentTarget).parents('tr').attr('data-key') to figure out which row was clicked on. Would homeowners insurance cover the loss? The author mentions Kijiji ... which eBay owns. Yes, nice post. There is some neat stuff in Heroku like buildpacks, but they are also very specific to Heroku, which is a big downside. I really think it is a shame they didn't just use a standard packaging system like .deb to handle things. The server instances are already Ubuntu... it seems like a natural extension to just support setting up a list of .deb files to load into an instance and have it 'just work'. I needed recent ImageMagick/Ghostscript binaries and I spent many hours trying to get Vulcan to work and finally gave up. It is a mess and not documented very well. Someone commented on your blog that they've moved to another system (anvil) to deal with compiling binaries. I can see why they did this... so much unplanned stuff was bolted onto Vulcan it finally just stopped working entirely. It ended up being easier to just write a shell script, but this certainly isn't as sexy as using Vulcan or just installing a source .deb. https://github.com/lookfirst/convert/wiki/Compile ddollar seems like a very smart, but very busy guy. Relatively simple issues are getting dropped on the floor. https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-nodejs/issues/20 It would be nice if he got some more help from within Heroku. Anyway, thanks for writing your tutorial... more documentation is always good. 205 attorneys * $92/mo = ~$19k/mo. Not bad. Why focus just on attorneys? Why not make it more generic for any type of consulting that would fit this type of model? Accounting/CPA/Taxes seems like the next fit. Looking at the source to rachet, it seems @fat is back to using ; again. I recently tried out Joyent SmartOS for a NodeJS consulting gig I'm doing. After about 30 seconds, I killed the vm and switched to Ubuntu 12 server. I don't care if SmartOS is 'faster' or has dtrace. The fact that it is missing basic things like top (no prstat isn't anything close to top) and 'standard' things like upstart made me want to run for the hills. The Joyent wiki documentation on SmartOS is abysmal at best. Even the pkgsrc repository system feels ancient and pales in comparison to what apt is. I have no desire to spend time re-inventing basic tools that linux has had for ages. The image version of SmartOS w/ NodeJS isn't up-to-date with the latest Node release and it starts up MongoDB by default. While this may be good for just getting things running quickly, what happens if I don't want Mongo running at all? Generate my own images? No thanks. I know, lots of hate... but it isn't all bad. Joyent as a cloud platform is great. Basic ab testing against NodeJS had me serving 9900 concurrent connections without any issues on their least expensive vm (which runs on a blazing fast network at 10gb/s). We were on Rackspace before and with a network limited to 20Mbps/s (at the lowest tier) we just couldn't get the throughput we needed. tl;dr: SmartOS is a train wreck. Don't waste your time. Joyent as a platform is great. Why bother with EC2 when Joyent is faster and less expensive? http://wiki.joyent.com/wiki/display/jpc2/SmartMachine+Node.j... v1.4.0 "This version now runs MongoDB by default" As for your bash script... I stopped compiling binaries ages ago, why would I want to start again when I can just use Ubuntu and the official NodeJS PPA? As a new customer, I feel like Joyent needs to focus on simplifying things quite a bit. I want to run NodeJS on a server. I install the aptly titled 'SmartMachine Node.js' product and expect it to be the right version and the basic tools installed to get the job done. Instead, I get this morass of oh, you didn't install the right machine or oh, node is in some other directory now. Can you see how that might be distracting? Sure, I didn't spend a lot of time with it, why should I? I saw that it was missing a great deal of basic things out of the box. I decided quickly to not waste my time learning more esoteric stuff that is only useful if I stick with Joyent and SmartOS. You are an absolute genius for creating dtrace and it is nice to have but certainly isn't a necessity for most applications. Your example is voxer which is a total edge case since they've been pushing the node envelope since day one. In the end, the reality is that SmartOS doesn't feel modern at all, it feels like Windows98. Actually, it feels like SunOS back when I had pizza boxes under my desk 15 years ago. I could spend time giving you tons of (free) feedback about what's wrong with SmartOS or I could just use Ubuntu and move on. 9900+ concurrent connections on a $22/mo Ubuntu box is 'good enough' for me. I've been using this (as well as helping give feedback on it after I developed my own and realized this one is better). This is by far a much better solution because it handles responsive resizing, z-index and smaller devices a lot better. Issues have been opened referencing this modal and there has been no response from @mdo or @fat on it other than to say that they were working on it themselves for a future version. I have found one case where it makes sense. Say you have a modal popup with an 'editor' widget in it. If that widget then needs to popup another modal for adding a link, it makes sense. Here is a screenshot of what I'm talking about... http://www.evernote.com/shard/s178/sh/003f6b5e-0869-44af-ab9... This is also using the bootstrap modal solution referenced in this article. Redactor is the editor widget. True, I could resize the modal to be a lot larger, but it hasn't been a big issue so far. I do like it in a modal because it allows me to enable/disable the Save button depending on if things change (although this doesn't work now that I've switched to Redactor since they don't support figuring out that info yet... feature request has been submitted). All of my UX does editing of form fields in a modal, for consistency, it is nice to keep things the same. This is a drop-in replacement so that once you hit those use cases, you won't have the pain others have already felt before you. =) That isn't the question. The question is if jschr's modal implementation is more (or less) bug free than bootstrap's. Based on my analysis and many others, it is more bug free. Feel free to read through the issues. https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap/issues/search?q=modal Too bad you couldn't make it work as a business. I have something similar, but a slightly different focus (image->image and pdf->image using Ghostscript/Imagemagick) here: https://github.com/lookfirst/convert It would be good to combine it all into a single service. The Zurb responsive tables solution is the best I've found for souping up basic HTML tables to work across devices. I've got it integrated with Bootstrap too. http://www.zurb.com/playground/responsive-tables https://github.com/zurb/responsive-tables/ This is cool also from the standpoint of a nice example of using Python to do a Mac menubar app. I've got an idea for something I'd like to do and I've been looking for an easy to follow example like this for a while now. Thanks! This should get voted up. This app is exactly what Skitch should be. Thank you! What do you mean by SSL usage? I pay $20/mo for the 'Pro' plan which is less expensive than Google AppEngine pricing (my other option). In most cases, the site doesn't have an api... so we scrape and take the risk that the structure will change. One thing that helps is using tools which give you jquery-like selectors because they give a lot of freedom and are very easy to write/update. Better than that is http://node.io/ Also, don't use jsdom (it is slow and strict), https://github.com/MatthewMueller/cheerio is much better. It is interesting to see how the Romney campaign copied from the Obama campaign. For the flipside, what was copied from the Romney campaign? WePay has had free refunds since the start. I'm also still on their 3.5% flat rate which is better for my business which generally has http://nodejs.org/api/domain.html are crucial for wrapping 3rd party async code that can crash on errors. Over time, you will add features to that script and it'll grow and eventually become 'a more advanced tool'. Everything starts from somewhere. a) You can always see the source output and it is easily readable. b) CS really doesn't do anything magic in the output. Give it more time, the gains for CS are worth any negatives you can conjure up. do ->, classes, simple for loops, equality, etc. When your nodejs instances are crashing several times an hour due to facebook randomly returning html instead of json and the 3rd party library crashing as a result, who has time for maturity? =) From the documentation: "Don't use it, use domains instead. If you do use it, restart your application after every unhandled exception!" http://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_event_uncaughtexc... Could someone with some knowledge please cover why apple has this requirement? They just called me, asked me to verify my information and said that my number would be emailed to me within 24-48 hours. No hassle at all. I wish that Heroku would just use a third party open source auth system like Persona. This stuff is difficult and complicated to implement correctly. Sure, Persona could have had this same bug, but I'd rather trust someone who's job all day long is to implement auth systems (and which I can get the source to). Agreed. We have 100 dyno's running and it was around $7k a month! This effectively doubled our dyno cost. We turned it off as it wasn't really telling us anything we didn't already know. We were battling a specific type of Heroku error (H12) that really required all of our dyno's to be monitored. We turned NR off and went with a (much) less expensive service that ended up telling us exactly the information that we needed across our entire cluster of machines. Hopefully with this extra cash, NR can improve their service because I honestly wasn't that impressed. It didn't live up to the hype at all for me. I'm watching all this debate with great interest. The company I'm consulting for has ~150 dynos, a paid support contract, etc. We're on Cedar... NodeJS latest (which just got upgraded to 0.8.19 after being ignored since October), with Mongo, Rabbit and Redis hosted by third party addon companies. After a ton of H12 errors, they helped us find out some slow points and optimize some things that were relatively slow. On our own, we did a huge amount of work to make things as fast as possible. While the H12's have gotten better, nothing has gotten rid of them completely. It really points to something fundamentally wrong with the routing layer because at some level we just can't optimize our code any further. There is definitely quite a few times in the logging where we just can't explain how things are insanely slow and we certainly can't explain why we get H12 errors anymore. To the point where we just gave up with it. The thing that bothers me the most is that we have been complaining for a month now behind the scenes through our paid support contract about the things that are now being semi admitted in public. No PaaS is perfect and certainly hard problems are being worked on by smart people... the real issue here is the way that Heroku has pointed fingers at everyone but themselves until finally someone had the time and balls to get a posting to the top of HN. That all sounds so familiar. Just like what Phil was telling us too. Get a New Relic account. "Why do we need a $7k/mo NR account?" Oh, because you have some slow requests... We go fix all of our slow requests, but we still have H12 errors. Can you tell us how many dyno's we actually need to serve our requests and not get H12 errors? No. Hey Rappgenius... thanks for having the balls to call Heroku out in public on this stuff. We are in the same boat. The smoking gun is H12 errors and they occur quite a bit on our NodeJS app. The key is to get the instances to serve requests as fast as possible, which is a good thing, except at some point you can only get responses out at fast as you can and there is quite a few mysterious unexplained things that cause responses to happen slowly. The routing layer is fundamentally designed incorrectly. H12 errors should never happen in a random fashion and they do. A request can sometimes take 10ms and other times, timeout after 30s. Even if it is just returning 'ok' and not doing anything else. It is effective, but not without problems. http://code.google.com/p/googleappengine/issues/detail?id=78... http://code.google.com/p/googleappengine/issues/detail?id=57... http://code.google.com/p/googleappengine/issues/detail?id=78... Needless to say, it is VASTLY better than Heroku's router. You'll never see an H12 error with GAE. Yes, it is a heavy traffic app. It is a backend for a very popular iphone app. The thing is that it doesn't matter if we have it set to 200, 300 or 70. We still get H12's. Sure, less now that we spent weeks tuning the absolute fuck out of our app and moving most of the processing of data offline to backends (using Rabbit as the queue), but the H12's still happen in the web tier on a regular basis (about 1-2 a minute instead of the 100's we were getting before). The amazing part here to me is that the guys at Heroku don't even have a clear picture themselves of why H12 errors occur. They use internal tools like Splunk to provide visibility into their app, but they don't expose those to the customers. There really should be better reporting for all this stuff. At this point we've done so much optimization of our app that our requests are not CPU or IO bound (those things have been offloaded to backend processes through a Rabbit message queue) and we still get H12 errors and random slowness. At the time of this writing, in the last 10 minutes, we've had 2 H12 errors. It should be zero. Node handles one request at a time. It isn't multithreaded. It will receive a request, process that request and return a response. If another request comes in at the same time another request is in process, it is queued until the currently processing request is finished. I googled around, here is a good explanation for you. http://howtonode.org/understanding-process-next-tick The way my application worked is that we had 'long' running things like saving data to a database happening before we return a response to a client (in this case an iphone app). Sometimes mongo, the dyno, networking, phase of the moon, talking to the facebook api, etc... we would get 'slow' processing and it would take a few seconds for a response to make it to the client. As soon as this happens, on a heavily loaded system, the heroku router would get backed up (since it only routes to 2-3 dynos at a time) and would start throwing H12 errors. So, what we did was rewrite the entire app to do minimal data processing in the web tier, send the response back to the client as quickly as possible. At the same time, we also send a rabbit queue message out with all the instructions in it to process the data 'offline' in a worker task. There is no spinup since these workers are running all the time. We even have several groups of workers depending on the message type so that we can segregate the work across multiple groups of dyno workers. This also allows us to easily scale to more than a 100 dynos to process messages. It works great. Rabbit is a godsend. I say 'long' and 'slow' above because the longest amount of time we should be taking is a couple seconds at most. Unfortunately, the way that the heroku router is designed is fundamentally broken. As soon as you get a lot of 'slow' requests going to the same dyno's they start to stack up and the router just starts returning H12 errors. It doesn't matter how many dyno's you have because the router only talks to 2-3 dyno's at a time. We get H12's with 50, 100, 200, 300, etc dynos. We also saw very strange behavior with the dyno's. We use nodetime to log how long things take and we'd see redis/mongo take only a few ms, but we'd have >15s just for the request to complete... somewhere things are slow and we can't figure out where. Until this whole mess came out, Heroku just pointed fingers at everyone else but themselves. Oh by the way, as soon as you get around 200-300 dyno's deploys start error'ing out as well because heroku can't start up enough dyno's fast enough and that whole process times out too. You can't tell if a deploy worked or didn't. They didn't seem to care about that at all either. Anyway, I could keep going... but once again, I'll repeat that I'm glad that the Rapgenius guys are calling Heroku out in public on this stuff. There is some big issues here that need to be addressed and the H12/router stuff is the big issue. I'm looking forward to see how they pull out of this one. > Node does not multithread requests, but it surely can process many requests simultaneously if these requests are waiting for async operations: database, external APIs or other types of I/O usually. That's the very core idea of evented servers. Within a single request, Node can async its dealing with outside services (databases, api's, etc), but it is still only processing one request at a time. There is no 'synchronized' keyword in javascript. ;-) Check this out: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/http-routing#heroku-he... There is an interesting header in there: X-Heroku-Dynos-In-Use. From what I understand, this header is the number of dynos that a router is communicating with. For us, this is always around 2-3. I suspect that the router is just a dumb nginx process sitting in front of my app. It is setup to communicate with 2-3 of my dyno's in a round robin fashion. If any one of those dyno's doesn't process the request fast enough, then requests start to back up. Once requests start to back up past 30s worth of execution, the router starts just killing those queued requests instead of just leaving them in a queue or sending the requests to another set of dyno's. Even worse is if you have a dyno that crashes (nodejs likes to crash at the first sign of an exception). I suspect that is why we see 2 or 3 in that header. I think that part of the problem is that the routers don't just start talking to more dyno's if you have them available. So, it doesn't matter if you have 50, 200, 500 dyno's because the router is always only talking to a small subset of them. Even if you add more dyno's in the middle of heavy requests, you are still stuck with H12 for the existing dyno's. A full system restart is necessary then. I think we are saying the same thing. When I say 'it is still only processing one request at a time', I'm referring to my code execution, not the async stuff or anything else within Node. I found this to be a good explanation... http://blog.mixu.net/2011/02/01/understanding-the-node-js-ev... I'm super glad they are taking this public and getting tons of attention. I'm consulting for some people who are plagued with the same H12 errors. We've spent tons of time and money trying to mitigate these errors as much as possible to no avail. Bringing this problem up to Heroku through their paid support channels has always come back to them finger pointing at everyone but themselves. I'm glad someone is stepping up and pushing back. Agreed. I tried to use msgpack and ran into all sorts of weird recursion issues (basically, it threw up on even the simplest objects). I ended up just using gzip and it works great. I'm storing data in redis via node.js. It was taking forever to xfer it over the wire. I compressed it with gzip using node's built in support. Problem solved. I tried snappy, but found it was a) slower and b) bigger. Not having to have yet another dependency was also a plus for gzip. The hard part for me to understand is that I've got way more than just a single file. I've got hundreds of coffee script files for a rather complex nodejs/express app. I start it up with something like this: nodemon -w . lib/start/web.coffee or in production: coffee lib/start/web.coffee That web.coffee file then require's a chain of files. If I try to compile the source maps for all of my files first, using something like this: mkdir .compile coffee -m --output .compile --compile ./ In the .compile folder, there is a few oddly named subdirectories (d, b, rands, sc) with the compiled .js files in there and the respective .map files. This seems to totally break my require chain. Since I don't normally pre-compile all my coffee script files, I just run them directly using nodemon or coffee, how can I work the maps into my dev process? The servo's estimator only slides up to 10. Does this imply that this is only intended for smaller customers? Very cool. I just tried it with my app. Can't run it until a few npm modules are updated to support it and of course Heroku needs to be updated to use it too. How bleeding edge. =) I am working for a fairly large heroku app running Node on ~50-100 web dyno's with another 20-50 backends. Here are the problems as I see it: We get H12's all the time. Randomly. The only suggestion we get from Heroku is to make the requests process as fast as possible. Thus, we've spent considerable amount of time going through everything we can possibly do to make all requests respond as fast as possible. I've given up. I see this as a fundamental issue with the routing system. If you are going to use Heroku for a large production deployment, H12's (and your users getting dropped connections) will become a fact of life. There is no auto scaling. We have no idea how many dyno's we actually need. So, we over do it in order to handle peek traffic times. This must be a great money maker for Heroku. There is no incentive for them to build auto scaling into their system because that would mean they wouldn't make as much money. Yes, auto scaling is a hard problem to solve, but there should at least be a plan to start on it and there is none that I have found. Up until someone bitched loudly, nothing was happening to fix any of this. We have an expensive paid support contract with Heroku and before this whole routing issue blew up in public, their only recommendation was to tune the app more and buy into NewRelic for ~$8k / month. We did both and found NewRelic to not give any relevant information to help us. We did a NodeTime trial for ~$49/mo and that actually helped a lot in identifying slow spots in our app. We fixed all the slow spots in our app and still see an endless stream of H12's. Regardless, it shouldn't take a public bitch slapping for a company to listen to their customers. You log into a dyno and see a load average of 30+. Who knows if that number is accurate or how big the underlying box really is, but regardless, I can't imagine that number being good. Am I getting H12's because I'm on an overloaded box or is it because the routing system is fundamentally broken? I don't know and nobody can tell me. This is not a good position to be in. I have heard from several sources that Heroku isn't happy being on AWS and has been wanting to migrate off AWS for a while now. So, if your hosting provider isn't happy on their hosting provider, there must be a reason for that and in the bigger picture, you the customer, is getting screwed. Given these things, I will never recommend that a company use Heroku. It is great if you know you are going to never have more than one dyno, but if you think you are going to go into a large production system with it, it is far better to find something else. Which brings me to another rant... how come none of these other PaaS solutions are as easy as Heroku? The git deploy is seriously the one thing they got mostly right. I'd love to see someone build a layer on top of all the PaaS solutions so that I can just deploy my code to any one of them (or event multiple). And if you get into any sort of slowness (like say mongo decides to pull something from disk instead of ram), it is instantly H12's all over the place and there is nothing you can do about it. Your response only re-enforces my hard won opinion that Heroku should never be used for a production environment for any business that is trying to be successful and popular. Admitting that you have no idea why critical areas of your infrastructure is causing issues, while at the same time charging people an arm and a leg for services (we pay ~$4k/mo) feels like theft to me. I've built solutions for a large porn company that runs on significantly less infrastructure than what we are running on Heroku and handles 100x more traffic. Something is wrong here with the dyno/router model and maybe it is that you guys are just oversubscribed and not admitting to it in public. Yes, autoscaling is hard. I have apps on Google AppEngine and see their issues as well. That said, at least they are trying. Maybe even take one of those 3rd party libraries and try to harden and adapt that and make it a real solution? I think the real problem though lies in the fact that there isn't any good metrics for what dynos are doing so there is no metric for when something is too busy or not. Yes, log-runtime-metrics puts out some numbers, but those numbers are meaningless when all I have is a slider to change the amount of money we are paying you. I should qualify that git deploy compliment because there are issues with that as well. For example, why do you have to rebuild the npm modules from scratch each time? Why not have a directory full of pre-built modules for your dyno's that are just copied into my slug? This relatively simple change would increase the speed of deployments greatly. Never mind that deployments aren't reliable and fail randomly. At least it is easy to just try again. EBS just recently added support for Node. It's definitely on the list as the next PaaS to try out. AppFog is another one that we've done a JVM deployment to and like a lot except for the fact that it just feels very alpha quality. Their website is painfully slow and under documented and the 'af' command isn't nearly as cool as just doing git deploy remote master. I should also add that one thing that Heroku did get 100% correct is the heroku logs -t command (aka: tailing the logs). Nobody else does that one quite as well. Visibility is one part of the problem. 50k requests/min is only ~833/s. The reality is that a single dyno should be able to more than handle that sort of load, especially if it is a simple app. People are doing 10k connections on a single laptop, 833s should be a piece of cake. So, yes, visibility is a big issue here because you have no idea if you need 10, 11, 12 or 20 dyno's to serve 50k requests/min. You just guess and when you guess wrong, it ends up with cascading failure of H12's and other issues. Never mind that very few apps have a steady stream of traffic and most have big dips depending on the time of day and HN popularity... and now we are back to the auto scaling discussion. Another key part of your statement is 'with very little variation'. The code pretty much can't be doing anything other than serving up some static content because as soon as anything that requires any sort of IO or cpu will instantly throw the system into H12 hell. Yes, a CDN will take load off your Heroku dyno's because god forbid that your dyno actually do anything itself. Except that you forget that not all apps are webapps and in my case, there is no reason to add a CDN when I'm just serving requests and responses to an iphone app. The other part of the problem is being able to actually do something about it. I've tried anywhere between 50 and 300 dynos (yes we got that number increased). If we could just throw money at the problem that would be one thing, but nothing was able to resolve the H12's that we see and our paid support contract was no help either. "If you're running a blog that serves 600 rpm / 10 reqs/sec off of two dynos, you don't need to sweat it." Once again, we are back at the same conclusion... don't use Heroku if you want to run a production system. That's a really good question. Heroku is offering to handle the hosting, devops and scaling issues for us so that we can focus our energy on building a killer product. When considering the costs of hiring a devops team and someone to wear a pager 24/7 when servers go down, paying the premium for using Heroku becomes a lot more attractive. 'why not get a dedicated professional to handle devops on your team' It sure is easy to write that, but the reality isn't as rosy. I've gone through the process at two companies to try to do that, interviewing ~50-80 people and it has been a nightmare. It is really really difficult to find quality devops people. Again, this makes PaaS like AWS, Heroku and AppEngine a lot more attractive. They are betting their entire business on being able to hire good devops people, so they tend to attract better talent. Where do you get that dyno's are single threaded? Please read: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/dynos#dynos-and-reques... This highlights the fact that nobody has created a good appserver for node yet. There is such a focus on web frameworks still that everyone keeps writing this code over and over again for their own apps. In my case, I wrote more of a 'service' layer with a set of lifecycle events because mongo generally isn't the only service that needs a connection. We have redis, neo4j, apns, etc. I then just 'require' my service wherever I need it in my application and have access to its connection. Services can also have dependencies on other services, such as a ram based caching layer that depends on pulling data from mongo. Even if you use mongoose, you still need to make sure that a connection is successfully made to the database before you try to start using it. This is a blocking operation. The problem is that by default some node libraries (cough redis cough) will cache requests in memory and execute them once the connection is made. This is terrible because if node dies (for example, if mongo fails to connect), all that data is dead. Billing enabled apps will no longer be subject to a $2.10 minimum weekly spend. Instead, apps will only be charged for their actual usage. As someone who built the infrastructure for serving porn for Kink.com, I'd say that this was a total waste of time. Spend the money on a third party CDN and serve from there. Take a look at KinkLive.com. We were the first porn company to do live streaming in HD using a CDN (Bitgravity), all paid for, by the minute, with a micro currency system (kinks) that we built. I'm not really sure what you mean, but absolutely using a CDN product is the way to go when you want to sell your content on a global scale. Otherwise, you are going to deal with having to build / maintain your own and the cost of doing that is far higher than just letting other experts deal with the issues that surround it. I worked behind the camera, not in front of it. Sorry, I'm not interested in satisfying your curiosities. I've posted about small parts of it in various places, but not the whole experience. I no longer work there (since April 2010), so while I know they still use quite a bit of the serving infrastructure that I built, my knowledge is now quite a bit out of date. One fun bit that I built is called the cockblocker (as you can imagine, we used all sorts of fun names for internal projects). People who repeatedly attempt to hack the system (usually through various forms of abuse like failed login attempts) would automatically get their IP address routed to /dev/null. I use Mongo for storing a fairly large amount of scraped data and it works great. Some of the data I store is results from bike races that I want to display on my website in a better way than it is displayed elsewhere. The columns change which makes Mongo a great fit, but the data is pretty static. The real issue here is that it feels like the author has just 'discovered' these problems as if Mongo was hiding them all along and after a long time using the system he just found them. The reality is that all of the things he brings up are well documented. It is fascinating to me how people pick a buzzword database and don't bother to think about how their application might run poorly on it over time. I recently tried to book a place for my upcoming trip to Manhattan in June using AirBnB. I've connected my FB account, had friends give me referrals, have money in my bank account, etc. After a ton of research into places to stay (mind you, in the $200-$350/night range!), I contacted about 10-12 places. I got zero response. As far as I'm concerned, AirBnB is an utter failure. I'd rather pay more for a hotel where I can rest assured that I've got a place than risk my vacation on some third party that is flakey. During my 'ton of research', I choose all places that had people with good to great response metrics. It also feels like there are at least a few scams or spammers on the site too. You'd think that AirBnB would work harder to identify and remove those listings in their major markets. My entire business is built on top of the datastore running on GAE. I've heard stories from googleers about loosing an entire datacenter and nobody on the outside noticed. Even with the limitations of developing on top of the datastore, there is some really amazing technology around it that sure makes it worth using. Exposing the datastore to GCE is a step in the right direction. During the whole Rap Genius fallout, I posted here a few times about the things I was bothered with on Heroku based on my own experiences running a large >100 dyno setup in production. Adam reached out privately and invited me to the offices for a free lunch and discussion about the issues I was having. He was super nice and I gained a huge amount of respect for the way he dealt with things himself. I wish him the best of luck in whatever he does next. Funny enough, I'm now working on the team that is creating CloudFoundry and seeing just how hard it is to build something like Heroku. We had this happen before to our .st domain. http://blorn.com/post/29851770158/beware-cutesy-two-letter-t... How about measuring the ability to even book a place in a city like NYC? I recently tried to find an apt for a 4 day stay in manhattan with my wife. I contacted 15 places on airbnb. I've got all the reputation stuff filled out. I've used airbnb before. I tried only contacting places with a history of good response times. I even upped my max to higher than a hotel room. $300-350 a night. Number of responses? Zero. I love the concept, but the reality is much different than everyone makes it seem. Seriously. Why show a feature comparison chart that looks all amazing and then just leave off one thing... CoffeeScript? There isn't even discussion about why that is missing. Is there some bias by the OP for it? I just tried out Potluck and it feels like the whole goal of it is to suck in your graph. It has zero content or usability until you do that. I suspect that even after you add your graph, if none of your friends are using it, it will continue to have zero content. Seems kind of the opposite of what Monocle is trying to do. Sure, I can switch my code to use this, but how compatible is this with common 3rd party libraries that are dependent on jquery? For example, will this run the bootstrap js code ok? If it doesn't run that code cleanly, then we are still stuck importing jquery. Anyone working on a project that has the remote chance of ever including a 3rd party dependency on jquery should never use this project. Otherwise you risk ending up needing to import jquery AND this project and now you're even farther down the rabbit hole. What ads? http://gmelius.com/ https://www.google.com/flights/#search;f=SFO;t=IKA;d=2013-08... I stopped at 'you should never' WePay has had this for years, the title is a bit sensational. This is a website run out of India (check the whois records). Seems like a tricky way to collect information on employees at businesses. This shouldn't be on the front page of HN. Stuff like this should only be on a .gov website and nobody in their right mind should enter in employee information into a random third party website run out of India by a single dude with a hotmail email address for a whois record. Nice try. Your site isn't a startup. I'm sorry that your ~14 day old website didn't make you millions on all the name and email addresses that you could have harvested and sold to the highest bidder. Good luck with your future ventures. With the 1.0 beta release of Ceylon, it is pretty clear the JVM is still a pretty useful basis for new languages... http://ceylon-lang.org/blog/2013/09/22/ceylon-1/ I implemented this years ago for kink.com (nsfw). It really helped quite a bit with the automated logins. It also shows a captcha after a number of unsuccessful logins or if someone is clearly sharing an account. We called it the 'cockblocker'. Heh. We just showed a captcha after enough failures. If we saw a massive spike of failures, we'd just add their ip to our firewall and disappear of the net for a period of time. This stops 99.99% of the attacks. For the rest of them, the feeling was that if they wanted free porn badly enough, then it was free marketing for the company. In the case of kink, we changed things up quite a bit. An account is meaningless until you add a subscription or kinks (the micro-currency we developed) to it and also your account never goes away. This is different than 99.99% of the sites out there which generally tie an account to a subscription, when the subscription is up, so is the account. Those sites generally just add/remove lines from a simple .htpasswd file and it is those files which usually get stolen from badly configured servers and sent around the forums. If someone shares an account on kink (different ip's/browser agents over a period of time), they are all automatically cockblocked... by changing the users password, thus making them do the password recovery dance. It is no surprise nobody contacted you back... most sites are either run by people who have no clue about tech (and thus wouldn't be able to do anything with you) or they are smart and don't trust some random person emailing them saying they can fix their security issues. There is also warden, but it doesn't get much press. https://github.com/cloudfoundry/warden/tree/master/warden The CS syntax is mostly just the same, you can just remove most of the {} to define the objects. Wow, I totally forgot about needing to hold down on the mouse button to keep menu's open. Just curious, what is the purpose of the 4 towers around the launchpad? The bigger question here for me is why Spotify needs 5000 physical servers. This is a serious thing Egor is bringing up. Egor privately contacted my little site a couple weeks ago to let us know we had a vulnerability with the redirect issue. At first, we didn't quite understand it, but once we dug deeper, it is a pretty major issue. Simply put, we use ElasticEmail to send out email from our service. They have a feature called 'custom tracking domain' where you can setup tracking.your_domain.xyz to enable link tracking of emails you send out. This is great except that the url is something like this: tracking.your_domain.xyz?redirect=urlencode(some other domain) Because we offer facebook connect authentication on our site, this created a security hole for us based on what Egor has discovered. In other words, because we setup some simple configuration of some 3rd party service that happens to allow for redirects, we are now exposing our users auth tokens. Doh! The solution to fix this is to simply not enable tracking.your_domain.xyz, but now that we've turned that off, old links in emails are broken. If EE had tinyurl'd the links they send out, this wouldn't have been an issue because it wouldn't be an open redirect service. The emails would have to go through them, get rewritten and then they would store the unique ID to do the redirect. Yes, we've contacted EE about it and they are looking into it, but probably not seriously since it isn't really their bug per se. In a way, this is similar to what FB is saying to Egor (not our issue), but the fact is that a simple bit of configuration by people using these systems can really cause a lot of problems. In the end, it all really means that you have facebook connect on your site, you absolutely need to do an audit of your code and 3rd party systems and make 100% sure that you don't have any open redirects on your domains. This is a lot harder than it sounds. As time goes on, I really hope we move to systems like Persona which haven't had these sorts of issues (so far). We also support Persona login on our site (as well) and it has been excellent. Being an open standard and allowing for multiple identity providers makes the chances of 'wontfix' a lot less of an issue. I have imho, a slightly simpler solution to this for only $20/month. Still using Heroku, I just use a simple nginx buildpack configured to provide the reverse proxy to my origin server. Unless you have massive traffic, you probably only need their free tier dyno. I then setup DNS to have cloudflare in front my Heroku dyno so everything is nicely behind a CDN and SSL. With the rest of that $20/mo, you can also put your entire domain under SSL. ...it also seems to compile a bit faster. for my project... 1.6.3 real 0m2.287s 1.7.0 real 0m1.655s Here is one of the reasons why I personally believe in and feel we really need persona: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7133965 Comment of the year award. Seriously. I can't agree more. I'm just now rewriting a portion of my webapp to be a single page app using angular. I'm blown away at how it simple it is to do some really complicated stuff. This is entirely the result of how it forces me to properly organize my code. For example, when I open up a bootstrap tooltip/popover, I wanted to disable all the buttons on the page. It was as simple as invalidating the ng-form and this just works across many directives and modules (assuming you pass the form through the scope). Doing this the old way with jquery would have been a nightmare. At first I resisted the templates. I kept trying to use Handlebars to render things cause that is what I was used to. Then I realized that the 2 way data binding (ng-repeat with track by) is just magical. I can take a json blob received from an ajax call and set that on a property on the scope. My template just magically updates only the dom elements that changed. By the way, coffeescript is perfect for the templates because you can just embed them in """ ... """ blocks. My code is also now organized so much more cleanly. The way directive components are organized forces me to think about reuse. It makes it so much easier to see the dependencies between things and create distinct levels of separation. This allows you to make components that can be moved around easily in case you change the flow of your application or just want to display something on another screen. My buddy and I came up with a way of taking large cyclical object graph blobs of json and de-duplicating the objects for transfer over the wire. This ends up working perfectly with the aforementioned data binding to minimize the amount of json on the wire, while still retaining our complete object model. https://github.com/jsog/jsog I'm kicking myself for not picking this up earlier. Given that they don't make any money on it, isn't Cash really just a fantastic marketing tool for them? You don't need the app to use the service (cc: cash@square.com or request@square.com). We have no idea how many people are using the service. Remember that for every single person that uses it, they gain another user on top of that. Even more potentially with request@. I consider that a fantastic marketing tool since it must effectively cost them very little to run the service. Agreed ...and jdk8 includes what was effectively joda-time (jsr-310) now. projectlombok.org also makes a lot of the language syntax ugliness quite bearable. Very cool, also interesting that it's using Angular. This is a helpful site, but I feel like what is missing is the fine details like 'Does this plan cover the XYZ medication that my wife requires on a weekly basis?'. I ended up having to go with a more expensive plan in order to get the coverage I needed for her. I'm in a similar boat. Used Eclipse forever . Even tried IntelliJ for a bit years ago and hated it. Tried it again recently after Eclipse crashed and trashed its workspace. Now I can't see ever going back to anything else. The killer feature for me oddly enough is: fuzzy search for a file Have you submitted an enhancement report asking for a design improvement? I've submitted several to them and gotten all sorts of great responses from them. If you don't give them feedback through the appropriate channels, then you aren't going to get improvement. It is somewhat amusing to me that they re-used an image taken at Pivotal Labs for the header of the article, I'm in the image. What you are looking at is the pair programming setup. Two monitors, two keyboards, one computer. It is a bit weird at first, but once you get used to it, you really start to see the advantages of it. Sure, it isn't perfect, but their model is proven and works well. Pivotal is also one of the few places I've worked where there was very few jerks and a majority of very smart people. Pair programming really weeds out weak links pretty quickly as nobody will want to pair with you if you're a jerk. I made some good friends and I loved my time there. I was a contractor just doing a ~6 month stint to learn about pair programming and help capitalize my startup. =) I built something similar for a client once. Starting up the server without ensuring a connection to mongo seems dangerous, no? https://github.com/jazzychad/PushServer/blob/master/app.js#L... Basically, you want to listen for the 'open' event and then start the express server... db.once('open', function() { start express here }) A very important future feature would be to handle apns feedback service too (I see that in your TODO). I hear that if you don't enable this, apple will throttle your messages. How is this any different than the signed request (redirect_uri) vulnerability? http://homakov.blogspot.com/2014/01/two-severe-wontfix-vulne... In addition, strava used to allow you to set your routes private by default. That no longer exists. Heh, thanks Egor! Open redirects are a much more common issue than you'd think. For example, we use elasticemail.com to send out emails. They encourage [1][2] people to setup a 'tracking' domain under your existing domain (ie: tracking.yourdomain.com). They then rewrite links in the emails that go out under their tracking domain. http://tracking.yourdomain.com/track?redirect=[youroriginall... It turns out that their tracking service is effectively an open redirect and you've been encouraged by their documentation to setup the redirect. Now, if you have auth on your site via oauth2 (ie: facebook login), you've got a hole. Something like this could easily be setup by the marketing department and the engineers wouldn't know anything about it. Thanks to Egor Homakov for pointing this out to us. [1] http://support.elasticemail.com/kb/general-faq/why-do-my-links-route-through-the-elasticemailcom-domain-and-then-get-redirected-to-the-destination-url [2] http://elasticemail.com/post/what-is-a-custom-tracking-domain-and-why-is-it-important Probably spam/phishing. When in doubt, look at the full smtp headers (or at least post them so that we can look at them). https://toolbox.googleapps.com/apps/messageheader/ This is why many merchants opt to immediately convert to fiat. Bitpay does this. It's interesting to see how this founder firing was handled so much better than the guy who nearly beat his gf to death recently. In that case, the founder, VC's and board paid the girlfriend off and then tried to cover up the whole story before the press ripped into them and finally forced his firing. http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/nri/us-canada-news/Indian... Reminder: https://blog.hipchat.com/2014/04/25/hey-were-changing-our-te... and https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7649524 Personally, I'm against their binding arbitration clause. This is a good reference. http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/arbitration-clauses-c... CloudFlare has a (free) DNS api too. Pretty easy to script something with their system. https://www.cloudflare.com/docs/client-api.html I'd want this backed by CloudFlare's dns, not R53 so that I could take advantage of CF's network as a proxy in front of my servers. https://www.cloudflare.com/docs/client-api.html Which brings the next question... why not use Github for authentication? To expand... the issue I have with CloudFlare's dns is that it isn't under version control. I suspect plenty of other people have this issue too. It's a pain, but it isn't the end of the world or a disaster. I distribut some CLI tools with a NodeJS app I wrote. Here's the docs: https://github.com/lookfirst/convert/wiki/Compile The btc-e API is far far worse. Some of the messages are in Russian and some are in English (randomly). Even worse (and a deal breaker for me) is that the order id can change underneath you if your transaction is split to fill the order, so there is no way to tell if your order completed or not. I've talked to people on Reddit who say they've made it work, but I'd never trust a bot spending money against an API like that. It's amateur hour when it comes to these exchanges and their API designs. The primary problem I see with the browerify approach that was outlined is that it makes it much harder to debug your code in the webconsole. By concatenating everything into a single file and loading that into the browser, you have to do the math in your head to figure out which file the code in question is in. Also, if you have a huge project, the watchify process really starts to slow down development as you are constantly waiting for it to do the concatenation. I go with the requirejs/r.js approach. During development, requirejs effectively adds script tags to the specific files into your dom and loads your source code directly. No need for a watchify process. When you have a javascript error, the webconsole shows you exactly what file the issue is in. For deployment into production, r.js does the concat and I just load a single file. This unfortunately makes it harder to debug production, but that's the tradeoff. =( Neither approach is perfect, but it is the best we have right now. I'd love to see someone come up with something that solves all these problems, is well documented and easy to work with. I'm sorry, but that's a lot of overhead to just get to the right line in the file. Now you're talking about generating even more files every time you save. For a large project this doesn't scale. I'm curious how Transit handles cyclic object graphs for optimizing the payload size. Would be nice to see JSOG integration. https://github.com/jsog/jsog I solved this issue with an obi200 + cheapo fax machine + google voice. I need a hardware solution because my non-techie wife needs to be able to fax without my help. I had a obi100 but it couldn't fax at all, so I sold it for a small profit (ha!). I also got an email from Obihai recently saying that GV is discontinuing fax support, but so far it seems to continue working just fine, shrug. I've been using this for a while now and I'm pretty happy with it. Java implementation of Crockford's Base32 algorithm for encoding simple numeric values: https://code.google.com/p/unsuck/source/browse/trunk/src/mai... http://localregister.amazon.com/help/201551280/transferring-... tldr: "Amazon Local Register supports one-time, daily, or weekly automatic transfers. There are no fees associated with making transfers." This doesn't solve the problem entirely or address your valid complaint, but it does do a good job of hiding it for now: http://projectlombok.org/features/GetterSetter.html I disagree. There is a bunch of really talented people working on CloudFoundry (I spent 7 months at CF). The day that docker was released, we were talking about how we could work with it and integrate it into CF/Warden. Sure, there is a bunch of the biz-dev stuff baked into it, but that just justifies having all those smart talented engineers focused on building cool stuff and integrating all these projects together. Earlier today it was free instead of $0.99, so that developer is pretty smart. I thought this was a pretty good analysis: https://www.academia.edu/7666373/An_Order-of-Magnitude_Estim... tl;dr: "This means that we can expect our current industry best efficiency of 0.733 W/GH to reach 0.0000000873804 W/GH – so even the most ignorant, arrogant, narrow-minded and pseudo-intellectual critics and arm-chair academics should note that in the event that Bitcoin scales to a million times its current size and market cap over the next 30 years, it’s environmental impact will still be insignificant compared to existing systems."