Ok, others have tried a little bit of the math, but this is a difficult form for that. So here is a very intuitive (i.e. hand-wavy) way to think about the type of relationships we are talking about. Suppose you have a (finite) cloud of points in three dimensions. For example, a bunch of GPS measurements. Lets just imagine that they are roughly elliptical, stretched out like a football. For simplicity we'll subtract the mean from this, so our co-ordinates come from the middle of this cloud. I can take this set of (x,y,z) points and and find the eigen (which means "characteristic") vectors and values for this set of points. The first eigenvector will point along the long axis of the "football" (right through the pointy bits) because this is the strongest, in some sense, single direction that is represented. It won't be perfectly aligned with a finite number of points... The second and third eigenvectors will between them form a plane perpendicular to this. So essentially what you've done is found a co-ordinate system that is aligned with the data (modulo some details, this is essentially what a procedure called Principal Component Analysis (PCA) does. Now that's the vectors, what about the values? The eigenvalues tell you the relative importance of each direction. If you stretch the "football" out, the first eigenvalue, which was associated with the first eigenvector pointing along the long axis, will be larger relative to the others. If you use a basketball, they'll all be the same magnitude. Does that help? The idea generalizes a lot from what I've told you, but there are a ton of places you can look up the details if you'd like. > That's NOT healthy at all This statement assumes facts not in evidence. There is a lot of argument about what the best distributions are, without any real resolution at this point. The author reasonable chose to target a standard without claiming it was the only way to go. This is what "no real resolution yet" means: every few years we get a pet theory or two. The reason this so easily devolves into a `religious` argument scenario is because the basic science is still too weak. The author did the right thing to stay well shut of all that in this article. It seems that often articles like this overstate their case to the point that it really detracts from the message. There is a valid point, that a naive analysis of linked list vs. static array based on intro CS course descriptions of their properties isn't a good model for what is going on in a modern system. The real lesson is: if you want to achieve high performance you simply must understand the impact of things like cache localization, vectorization, hardware prefetch, pipelining etc., and how your data structure operation will interact with them. "Never use a linked list" is a silly lesson to take from this though. "In these situations, linked lists might not perform as well as you expect" is more like it. "Use the right data structure for the job" is still as good advice as it ever was. Going into a Ph.D for the money is a bit like going into a sport for the laughs. You might well find some, but it's not the point. Synaptive Medical - Full time in Toronto. Newly formed Medical device start up in Toronto, young and growing quickly. We're building equipment and applications for neurosurgical procedures. It's a great group of engineers with a lot of energy and applications we all believe in. Current looking for people in many roles, such as: - Software development - Software test - Scientific software development - Embedded systems - Mechatronics - Optomechanical - Systems - User interface Highly relevant areas of experience for various roles: - Medical device industry - Medical imaging - MRI and MRI physics - Spectroscopy and endoscopy - Data converters (ADC/DAC) - FPGA - High performance interconnects - Realtime systems - Data streaming - Signal processing (image and/or video) - Neuroanatomy - Surgical suite equipment - Standards: ISO 13485, IEC 60601, ISO 14971, IEC 62304 Posting and application details at: synaptivemedical.com (or contact me: simon at the same domain.) I think the efficiency of these sensors is quite good, latest generation full frame camera sensor operate well at lower ligh t than you can see in, for example. Fitting more of them into tiny arrays and maintaining exposed surface is more of a problem, and noise properties could be better. At the end of the day though, there are limits to what can ever be achieved with tiny sensors like we currently see in most cel phones; you can pack things in more tightly but you can't avoid the optical physics. This property is quite intuitive. Small and big here are relative to the variance of the underlying distributions. Simple case: think about trying to decide if as normal distribution has mean 0 or mean 1. If the std dev is 0.001, it won't take you very many samples to be fairly confident to this resolution, but of the deviation is 1000, you'll need a lot of samples. Similarly if the std deviation is only 1, but you are trying to decide if the mean is 0 or 0.001, Far more samples needed. The intuition generalizes quite well. In the OP case, typically requires sample size estimates will be proportional to the square of the ratio between the size you want to measure and a deviation estimate. The article does mention this, at the end of the correlation paragraph. How does this project relate to crossroads IO, if at all? I don't think that's quite right, if I understand correctly you could have the interpreter so long as there was no download and run of external code. I'm sure I've seen a Lua environment like this. Not in my experience. I've worked both as a research mathematician and as a programmer working on production software. Even applied to the "same" types of problems, I've found them to be very different in day to day activities, goals, incentives ... really they are quite far apart. To expand a bit on what Shinkei has said, and mostly this applies outside the brain as well: CT is basically xrays in the round. You'll nominally use a radon transform (the actual approach is usually a back projection algorithm) to reproduce 3D position from a number of individual images. There are many good properties of this, it is relatively fast and cheap, it has very good spatial accuracy (e.g. a distance you measure on the image corresponds to a distance in the subject), but you have very little flexibility with tissue contrast. If an x-ray won't differentiate the features you are looking for, mostly you can only hope to add a contrast agent (typically expensive, fiddly, and more dose) where that is applicable. By comparison, an MRI is more of a programmable imaging machine. You can get a lot of different contrasts by use of different pulse sequences, so you may be able to see features that are completely invisible in CT. On top of that, you can do interesting things with the time dimension and how things are changing while you image. This leads to approaches like functional MRI mapping which most people have heard of, but also diffusion and perfusion imaging. This can give you an idea of what is happening functionally, particularly in the brain. Downsides: time consuming (hence expensive), poor spatial accuracy, artifacts. So for diagnostics or surgical planning, you get a lot more information from an MRI, but this also can take a lot more effort to interpret and understand. also useful - 3D slicer: http://www.slicer.org/ This is a cross platform viewer that is fairly capable (although very limited in 3D) and has some dicom communication capability. That is highly improbable. This action is a core function of what the FDA does. (expanding a little on nknighthb's comments): The primary path to approval to market for a new device or drug is the PMA (pre market approval). This is fairly extensive an costly for the company (e.g. clinical trials). A 510(k) filing allows you to take a short cut by identifying a "predicate device" that is "substantially equivalent". In other words you are saying "we do the same as X but we [also do Y/do this differently/etc.]". At least, you are claiming this for the scope of your "indications for use" (which are the only uses you can market your device for). This doesn't let you off the hook entirely at all. You still need to demonstrate safety and efficacy, perform risk analysis, follow standard manufacturing and product development methodologies (e.g. ISO13485, IEC60601, etc. ), but it is a lot faster and less involved than a PMA. If you don't use one of these accelerated paths, you'll need a PMA before you can market your product in the US. The key issue here is that 23andme has filed one or more 510(k)'s, but have failed to support them properly. For what little it's worth am somewhat surprised at the naive misrepresentation shown by many here of what the FDA does, how they do it, and what they are actually expressing in this case. That's not true. The FDA position is unchanged. They have been in talks since 2009 to help 23andme understand what they need to file, and how to do it. 23andme has (repeatedly, it sounds like) failed to do that. This notice is a standard corrective action taken by the FDA after failure to complete 510(k) submissions. But is it so similar? There aren't many (any?) real world problems that you can apply economic theory to and get incontrovertible answers to. Studying mathematics can get you there at least some of the time. I agree it is very important to understand something about (beyond introductory) various approaches to economics if you want to understand how key people involved were thinking about these problems. Here the use of the methods are more important that their accuracy or precision. For that matter, understanding politics (something neither maths or economic thinking does well) is probably much more important to your stated examples. Generally speaking, yes you do have to do this but there is a waiver for smaller amounts (such as typically would be encountered during a vacation). Often in the crypto world, these are exactly the good intentions with which the road to hell(pwnage?) is paved. Knowing this, I hope you can appreciate why the burden of proof on your unproven team and approach is fairly high. The author is fairly obviously suffering from selection bias when claiming that "Lisp programmers tend to be ignorant of applied mathematics." In the past I've been part of the overlapping communities to some degree, and that wasn't my experience at all. I really don't understand this sort of response. The right way to understand the behaviour of computations on a real machine is inherently mathematical. This is why, for example, we have an entire discipline of numerical analysis, just for starters. Programmers very commonly make elementary mistakes in computation precisely because they don't understand this, and don't approach the problems mathematically. Ignoring overflow, or pretending floats have infinite precision is antithetical to thinking about these problems mathematically. Conversely, any mathematician worth their salt will approach computation on a computer not as a black box, but as a concrete implementation. Mathematicians make lots of programming errors (some of them quite egregious and easily avoidable). Misunderstanding floating point representations or the overflow behaviour don't tend to be among them in my experience. By the way: Knuth used a hypothetical machine to avoid the quirks of a concrete one distracting from the discussion. A more important and often overlooked adage - make it correct before you try to make it fast. My confusion at your (and others, not meaning to pick on this one) response is more fundamental than that. There is no way in which thinking about these things is somehow divorced from thinking about things mathematically. To me "Merely depending on a mathematical model" isn't a problem that actually happens much. Failing to think about these things, on the other hand, very much is. Are EMC/RSA denying that they took money from the NSA? That alone seems damning, since I can't think of any way that the existence of such a contract for any stated purpose doesn't undermine the credibility of the company fatally. Sure, it's exactly the sort of request you would expect. It's also exactly the sort of request you need to stay well shut of if you want credibility as a crypto provider to business and consumers. Any interactions with agencies like the NSA taint you, regardless of the intent. By their very nature they are suspect in this context. Better late than never, I suppose. Assuming this is a legit leak. You don't have to assume the NSA is evil to understand that its mandate means you can never trust their incentives in something like this. You don't have to have any bad guys to have conflicts in purpose and incentive, and this has clearly been true for the entire existence of such interactions. This is the real reason. CM works pretty well right out of the box (and by default, so if you don't care that's what you get) for mathematics, very few fonts do and most of those are expensive. What people seem to forget is what a terrible, terrible state of affairs it was that drove Knuth to spend 10 years or whatever on this stuff. Prior to that the options universally sucked. Even now there really aren't many viable alternatives for typesetting mathematics, and TeX/LaTeX is by far the best of them. But it only comes with one (or two if you count Euler) with full symbol support. The main problem isn't supporting other text fonts (including TTF), but the fact that those fonts don't properly support the symbols. So all in all it's a bit of a nasty aesthetic trade-off. There are several packages that attempt to create symbol sets to match things like palatino, with varying success. Some are just terrible. And there are a few commercially available ones that do support most if not all symbols, so if it's worth a few hundred dollars to you there is that route. Nothing has great solution for web, really. We're slowing moving from execrable to ugly but at least it is progress. I think you may have hit on the crux of it. If any stronger repudiation were offered, would that be the government opening itself up to 25000 expensive lawsuits? JPEG isn't crude, agreed. But your comments seem off to me. The core trick isn't DCT per se, it is transform coding, Which both DCY and wavelets are, followed by (usually) quantization and then entropy coding. Typical wavelets used are orthonormal transforms, no loss there. The "lack of texture and softened edges" are a choice of the model used, not a consequence of the transform. True also of DCT and blocking artifacts. This should be obvious since both approaches allow for lossless encoders. Typically wavelets will beat or match JPEG in any situation both in terms of psnr and the like, and perceptually (though this latter is much more controversial and poorly defined -- and to be fair I am not up to date on the literature here but I would be surprised of that has changed in the last decade). The real reason for the huge popularity of DCT in still compression at first and video codecs later is that it is cheap to implement in hardware. And once there becomes very cheap to use. JPEG 2000 is needlessly complex, at its core a wavelet codec is also very simple and elegant. The real (and all to common to run into ) problem isn't having 100x the samples you really need, it is having 1/10 the samples you really need... And not knowing that. That's not quite right either. It's more like: "You will have the opportunity to work hard (at something that people value) and become successful." It's the first part that's the kicker, and contentious here. Having lived and worked in the health care industry in both countries, I'll have to respectively disagree. I can see how your personal experience must be very frustrating, and I'm not attempting to belittle that. However on the whole the Canadian system is better at delivering the health care that is needed. Overall, it works better for more people, more of the time, and much more efficiently (i.e. cost effectively). The latter point means that sometimes people with non-critical issues have to wait -- usually not very long notwithstanding the stories people sometimes focus on (the dramatic failure modes of the US system are much, much worse). That being said, if you a) have the right insurance, b) live in the right state, c) have money, and d) live in the right part (typically urban) of the state -- you can get very good care very quickly in the US. Unfortunately that leaves out an awful lot of people. Weren't Senn momentums available at that time? People have already pointed out the specific problems with this approach so I won't repeat them. It's worth reiterating, though: If you are writing c++ these days and find yourself reaching for a preprocessor macro, I think that's a good sign you should think really carefully about what you are actually trying to do. Chances are really good there is a (much) better way. Are you sure of those numbers? Sources I've seen has the area of Canada larger than that of the US, and US close to that of China. Russia is significantly bigger, as you note. This may have been how you were taught, and that's unfortunate. It is not, however, "how mathematics is taught". I assume you mean the "reduction" process. The "redaction" process is an important part of the scientific process! I know you were being sarcastic, but I think you are also being a bit unfair. Publication is necessary these days at perhaps an unfortunate rate, I agree. However at least most research mathematicians publish largely to share ideas. After all, that's the best part of the job. Certainly this is true of the vast majority of them in my experience, and the ones weren't motivated by this tended to be very focused on teaching and very good at it. "and it pretty much just boils down to intuitive addition, multiplication, and division." Or does it? After all, probability is one of the very first mathematical tools to be divised, but a rigorous theoretical underpinning for probability and statistics had to wait until measure theory, millenia later. And this was not for want of trying. Part of what makes things "boil down" to the simple and intuitive is years of hard work. Reading Newtons original work on the calculus is painful and convoluted, it took many hands to polish it to the point you might have seen it in. If we've done our jobs well as mathematicians, eventually the essence of an idea will be easy to understand an apply. If you really want to understand it though, you may have to dig into some much deeper work. And often, as with many thing is in mathematics, human intuition will just tend to be wrong about it (e.g. the Monty Hall problem). FYI: "unsolicited" probably isn't the word you meant to use there (perhaps "unsupported"). This is literally unsolicited advice. Ah, yes, it is plausible that I was being too literal minded and it was merely grammatically awkward with a different intent. I usually wouldn't comment but I think many here are not native English speakers (so might appreciate it), but more telling the setup appealed to my sleep deprived brain. Always perilous, amusing yourself. Can you elaborate why this "sucked hard"? Hiring your boss can be a lot better than just being handed one, after all. It sounds like the company was growing quickly and running into organizational issues because of it, makes sense they might be looking to hire some people with more experience than any 25 is likely to be able to offer. Or did you mean you were hoping for a Valve style structure, and they weren't going there? It could have been a mistake on their part, but actual "parasitism" is pretty rare in practice. It's a shame if you haven't experienced good technical management yet. It is typical for a company to outgrow its early hires capability to manage that growth well; approx 50 people is a fundamental transition for most. This is difficult, often painful, and is likely to go more smoothly by adding relevant experience and maturity to the team. When the dust settles it's a different company and, if done well, capable of much more than it was. Isn't that easily avoided though? Surely you could protect existing franchises or franchise regions without constraining a manufacturers ability to sell without franchise, or in regions where no franchisee exists. They aren't comparable products, that is sort of the point. The idea is that until Tesla shipped the model S, there was a "gap" in the market offerings, but the closest thing to that gap was the Prius. So people bought Prius, but as soon as a better (for them) option was available they jumped ship. In a much larger and more destructive way, this is what happened to RIM. The blackberry had many users who, given the option, actually wanted something else in a smartphone and happily left RIM for alternatives as soon as they existed. There is an important lesson in this for all businesses. It is dangerous to assume a customer is "yours" if the real issue is that the market isn't meeting their needs very well. In this case someone else can acquire a huge number of "your" customers in a very short time.... Of course the real problem there isn't that everyone looked at the (roughly iphone shaped) hole in the market and said to themselves "eh, that won't really be a problem"; the real problem is that this existed in a blind spot, or its practicality was underestimated. I think this is extremely likely for you. It may be partially due to my training as a researcher keeping my eyes open to it, but it is a pretty rare month that goes by where I don't run into an interesting problem I could easily spend a year or two working productively on. Many of them don't come out of my current work or even during my work time. The idea of running out of "good ideas" is unfathomable to me, honestly. Running out of time is very easy to imagine, though. The "wisdom of crowds" part of the title is a bit unfortunate. While there can be systemic problems with that type of approach, this does not really demonstrate them. What is demonstrated is when you give the students an algorithm for a biased estimator, the estimate they get is biased. This is good; empirical demonstration is useful... but it isn't the wisdom/unwisdom of crowds, really. edit: good responses! Unfortunately I don't have enough time right now to properly clarify how/why I'm looking at it this way. But that misses the whole point of why the "wisdom of crowds" actually works when it does. To wit; the individual biases and estimation errors can tend to cancel out. This is exactly the opposite of the demonstration, which is a systemic, biased estimator. No, I didn't miss that. It the lack of "crowd" that is the problem. There is no crowd, really, there are a bunch of people performing a sampling algorithm. But crowds don't work that way. This is a perfectly good demonstration of bias in statistical estimators. It just doesn't have anything to do with crowds, their wisdom, or their unwisdom. re your edit: yes it was the latter interpretation that I had a problem with. The "group of sweets" == "crowd" doesn't really work for me, but I'll have to think about why. But they shouldn't all be doing the "same" thing! Ok, I think the simple version of this is: You are basically constructing a situation where the dominant bias is the same for all of the measurements (e.g. pairs of students). So you have a problem with your method of sampling being biased in a predictable way. So far, so good and this is an interesting lesson. But they are all using the same estimation method from this biased information, and they are all (by construction) creating the same bias, and that is very much not crowd-like behavior. Applying this as an example of the problem with "wisdom of crowds" seems to really miss the point to me, because you created a situation where they didn't behave like a crowd. No, fp (IEEE-745) + and * are both commutative. They aren't associative or distributive in general. It's hardly a new approach - people have tried this sort of thing for decades. I don't know of any significant adoption analysis, but it pops up as an idea fairly regularly. edit: There is some confusion; this was a response to parents "More importantly, this opens it up a new approach that can be used in lots of places.", not to the article. It doesn't really open anything up. I think it was a fine school project, fwiw. Yeah, but he was just that good. Looks like Zidisha is taking a page from the payday loan folks playbook, not exactly a desirable role model. I think you are right that things will improve, but for exactly the wrong reason. Truly efficient markets are the toy problems of economic modeling, not typically achievable in real problem domains. Perhaps counter intuitively, I think we will gain efficiency by getting better at modeling the inefficiencies... but the end result of this is no more a "pure" (in your sense) market than a modern particle model consists of Aristotelian atoms. I didn't mean that they were the same thing at all; the "page" they are borrowing is the hiding of fees and service charges behind the bold text of a "low rate". Your example is fine, by the way. Yes, that $50 is costing you 500% APR. And yes, that is exactly how you should think about it, and how they should advertise it. Anything else is problematic. It doesn't matter how the cost is arrived at, this is the cost to you of borrowing that money, and it is this entire cost that must be balanced against the value you will see from it, not any nominal rate. There is absolutely nothing wrong with doing the sort of loan they are talking about, and the costs may be perfectly reasonable too; certainly microlending is a different risk landscape that typical bank loans. However, the only ethical way to handle financial details like this is to always be as transparent as you can. Lots of sectors get this wrong, by the way -- payday loans are particularly egregious but the auto finance industry is pretty slimy on this too, in different ways. By the way, payday loans as an institution obviously meet a lot of market need that wasn't being addressed before them, or they wouldn't have popped up everywhere. I don't think they should be run out of town, but they should be honest about the costs. And that's why in the latter case, an early stage startup may not be for you. You join later, with a higher salary, when it has stabilized and looks to be going somewhere. And without the risk, you don't expect the equity to offset it. Pretty simple, really. Recent usage seems to be more "it's un-American" == "you are doing something I don't like" The author confounds (fixed points of) iterated function systems with fractal geometry. Always unfortunate when introductory discussions confuse the reader. Nothing is a panacea. Regulation can encourage better engineering practices, and that can certainly make for better software. The existence of false positives doesn't mean the whole exercise is pointless. In analysis, people generally mean Lebesgue integrable unless otherwise specified. Agree that you have to actually be committed to improving the quality, you can't paper over holes in this and expect good results. If there is genuine disinterest at the management level in making better quality software for whatever reasons, you're probably screwed regardless of what you try. You can lead a horse to water... Good engineering practice: you have an untried technology operating in a complicated environment and in-house testing can only get you so far. Looking at this "in the wild" in a constrained way where you control most of the variables is an obvious next step. That is far to narrow: metadata is literally "data about data", be it structural or descriptive. It's also worth remembering that this is not categorical, particularly for descriptive metadata. In one context a piece of information may be metadata, in another data. "So what do we call the feminists who ..." A parody. That one's easy. addendum: this was teasing and perhaps a bit snarky, but there is no rational analysis in which the parents characterization is typical of feminist practice or rhetoric. Which is a very different thing from finding someone who claims the label "feminist" and espouses these views or any other. This sort of characterization by outliers and strawmen (women?) is ridiculous, but also damaging to the possibility of reasonable discussion. Shame on you for engaging in it. That said, it was silly of me to engage in this sort of discussion here, it's not likely to go anywhere useful. I should probably just delete this and be done with it. One of his main points is about specific statistical codes being done properly. In other words, yes, it will be hard to solve in Clojure. It was hard to solve in other lisps, it was hard to solve in fortran, and it will be hard to solve in any other language you pick... unless someone else has already done the heavy lifting. This isn't the sort of thing you whip up in any language, good numerical analysis libraries are typically often decades of work by people with specialized backgrounds. Interesing. I'm not familiar with how much of the R library is implemented in R, I expect some of it is tried and tested fortran because it's a waste of time to reimplement. My comment was really addressing "it won't be hard to solve in Clojure.". Some things are just hard to get right, period. That makes sense. This is the real kicker for some applications. After all, Knuth didn't write TeX because he needed a typography solution, he wrote it because he needed a typography solution for mathematics. All these years later, and TeX (with or without LaTeX) is far and away the best solution I know of. As for the mass market: Word's typesetting of mathematics is terrible, as is the interface (for anything but the simplest expressions). MathML is an interesting idea, but has a long way to go on the actual typesetting, as well as being much more painful to use than LaTeX... Matthew: interesting project, thank you for releasing it. I've always thought lisps were a natural fit for this sort of thing; the cl-typesetting project ( http://www.fractalconcept.com/asp/cl-typesetting ) didn't get a lot of traction but was pretty effective, are/were you aware of that one? Any intention to tackle higher quality typesetting for hardcopy/pdf ? True. When last I looked it wasn't quite competitive with TeX but still pretty good compared to, say Word. But it is also a niche system. knitr does this reasonably well for letting you drop LaTeX directly into R reports with a delimiter... if you haven't seen that might be worth a look at the interface in some examples (e.g. http://yihui.name/knitr/demo/showcase/ ) Q: How can you tell there is an topologist in the cafeteria? A: Because they can't tell their coffee cup and donut apart. Fundamentally they both have only one hole through them, so under the right sort of deformations you can turn one shape into the other: They have the same topology. RapidMind was in Waterloo, not Toronto, and purchased several years ago now. aperco perhaps is referring to this one http://www.newswire.ca/en/story/722543/intel-corporation-acq... It can't be that simple though. In general rent-seeking can be very lucrative, as can be positioning yourself between a good/service what funds it. Example: American physicians are not generally more effective than French physicians, but they are vastly better paid. Far more so than can be explained by any linear relationship like hours worked, and far more than any impact analysis would suggest. Many examples in, e.g. finance exist as well. That doesn't contradict what I said at all (and it is also an oversimplification). Again, that is just one (partial) mechanism by which the comment I was responding fails to capture what is really going on in practice. The details aren't important, it was just one example. Pedantic: they are still a commutative monoid without 0, under multiplication with identity 1. You need 0 as the identity for addition, which is fundamental in these constructions. Conversely, that is exactly how I remember CL. (e.g. http://weitz.de/ ) Fwiw, 2min/slide (averaged) isn't a bad heuristic to start with. MaRS has a bunch of issues, but that piece is off base. He seemingly missed the part of that building with actual start ups in it... Sounds like a 2014 variant of emacs' "M-x spook", for tracking rather than the NSA In my opinion you are missing two very key points. 1) Saying "well, you could just find this information some other way" may be true but useless - everyone has different mechanisms that work well for them. If it takes a device or app or whatever for someone to stick with a change they want to make, then good for them. 2) While there is definitely some general health and fitness advice that would benefit most people, it's terribly naive to believe the story ends there. Population averages are just that, every person will also have specific mechanisms and effects that are important to their own wellbeing and not particularly generalizable. It seems to be fairly universal, but cabbies also drag their feet a lot on using them, in my experience. Whether this is because the remote units are fiddly and slow, or they just don't like having a paper trail on the tip & fare, I don't know. Aside from the pressure cooker comments elsewhere... Dry beans really do need a soak. When you bring a pot full of cold water legumes to a boil (assuming you haven't presoaked over night in cold water) turn them off the heat and let them sit for 1-2 hours. Even though they are off of direct heat, the cooking time is similar to if you had left them boiling that whole time. Not only is it not clear, intuition from other areas of optimization would suggest it's unlikely to be true. I've asked a couple of economists about this, but didn't get a satisfying answer. To be fair, it wasn't their area at all - and I may just have misunderstood what they were saying. This seems to boil down to "I don't understand things written in a language I don't understand" which is fine and all but haven't you ever been curious why so many people will assert it is worth the time to learn? I think the second part kind of misses the point, as someone in vim has already implemented the feature you wanted, the way that you wanted. So you are basically turning on a parameter. What is much more important to ask here is how would I implement that functionality [in whichever editor] from scratch, and can I even do that? It probably makes even more sense in the right comment thread... It's been around a lot longer than that (15-20 years?) but only been practical for video and VFX more recently. People have been doing architectural images etc. with pretty complex BSDF for ages. For those who are interested but new to this, some of the earlier global illumination stuff is a good place to start for the fundamental ideas, because they aren't concerned so much with fast paths in the rendering architectures. I'n my experience, crunch mode only "solves" problems that could have been avoided by better organization and/or engineering practice. I can't think of a single deadline that was "saved" by crunch mode that didn't also have some additional cost - if we had done a better job in the run up and avoided the crunch, we would have been significantly ahead or where we actually were. Ymmv, naturally. The most effective way to influence this as a consumer is 1) Don't buy these products (in any form) 2) Do buy products from people who are doing things differently (in ways you approve of) even if very expensive. Vegetarians do #1, but not #2 - which doesn't encourage a change in practice at all, just a reduction of amounts. It can be hard to stick to #2 when faced with a $20 roasting chicken, but that's the nature of this sort of change. editing additions (above is unchanged) because I was obviously not clear enough. I was responding to a post asking what can be done to change a market like that, not saying anything about the choice of being vegetarian itself. If you decide to become vegetarian for whatever reasons, that is a market signal. However, it is not a market signal to change how meat is being processed, it is a market signal to reduce how much is being produced under any method. DeusExMachina's point is fair, eggs are a valid (for some versions of "vegetarian" [1]. The rest of his comment is exactly the same as what I'm saying - by participating in the market but choosing to buy products that are more expensive because of the way they are raised, you are signalling a value for that practice. This is much more effective for change in how that market produces goods than simply not participating. So to be clear - I'm not making a value judgment on choosing to be a vegetarian, I'm just pointing out something fairly obivous - that not participating in a market is not a very effective way of changing how that market produces things. [1] in my lexicon vegetarians don't eat cheese or eggs either, which is different from vegan's who wouldn't eat honey for example - but that's not really important I've responded to most of this in the original comment, but to one particular point. I think you are exactly wrong about the effect of buying the expensive version of something early on if it meets your needs. I think of this as necessary but not sufficient to change. Typically these sorts chickens, to stay with the example, are expensive because they are being raised in small numbers, without the advantages of scale and the sort of research that goes int the big producers. Sometimes the farmers themselves haven't really worked out how to do this as well as they can yet, too. If some people who can afford to don't choose to support these people at the price that makes it viable for them, then it will never get past this point, period. If enough people support it though, the interest will be noted, the scale will start to get better, and the price will come down a bit. Not, obviously, to the levels of the price-is-everything practice, but cheaper. Much like some tech will never really get off the ground without early adopters supporting it. This thread is dead now, but a quick response - it's not (just) less of a signal, it is a very different signal, which is important. I wasn't addressing at all the issue of whether some group of people want to get rid of a product entirely which I had hoped was clear. "The market for food" is a very broad category and contains many markets. If I recall correctly it is required for all engineering degrees, and quite popular in programs like CS as well. From the hiring end, it works well. These graduates are typically very competent. You have a strange idea of what "really bad" reputation means. That university certainly isn't a peer to Oxbridge, as you note. But like many research universities that aren't in the top handful, a big part of the reason is inconsistency. They have departments with a very high reputation internationally, and they have departments that are decidedly mediocre. I suspect the reason this school shows up often on HN is because as far as I can tell the (engineering/CS) programs are consistently appreciated by industry. Very few schools have the reputation of producing graduates who fairly reliable do very well in industry, and can hit the ground running. This seems to be one of them. My experience hiring from Waterloo co-op is that it is both well run and supports even the most junior students well. The systems design and mechatronics programs there are very strong. Given that your friend was in a competitive engineering program aimed at putting graduates into good industrial positions, the inability to find a position in two terms is probably a good sign they needed to re-evaluate if they were in the right program for them. There is nothing arbitrary about this, and they communicate it quite well. It sounds like the system was working as designed, although I understand how this could have been a rough time for your friend. Then again, that's one of the things college is for, and it's hardly a unique situation. I'm not saying they need to leave the program, just that whenever you are struggling with something like this it is a good time to ask "is this for me?". Sometimes you do poorly at something because you lack skills, sometimes because your heart really isn't in it. If the answer is yes, then next thing is to figure out how to improve in that area. I think that's a bit of an oversimplification. Straightforward reporting is in very good shape right now, particularly due to the effects you mention. Long form journalism and in-depth reporting is not doing nearly as well, and is not well supported currently. I feel like C++11 was a sea change, but '14 is mostly cleanup and adding things they couldn't quite get into '11, and suspect this to be similar with '17 when it actually gets down to standardization work, not proposals. It would be nice if they start deprecating some of the older syntax. It remains to be seen how well vendors keep up, but I think that's more a measure of interest than technical limitations. If the modernization of the language reinvigorates its use, they'll resource the compiler teams for it. That particular market is incredibly distorted. Available funding is constrained complicated ways, and the whole incentive system is a mess. Departments/PI's can't hire for the positions they would choose, so they hire postdocs for very short terms (often 2 years or less) because they can. Candidates can't get the positions they want (e.g. TT positions) so they take post-docs until they age out or find/settle on something. Everyone understands that there may not be a classic TT position for everyone interested, but the system has so far mostly failed to come up with any sort of viable alternative for long term employment. Not that TT is what it used to be, either. As a result, continuity in labs is very difficult to maintain as the senior people rotate out too often. Couple this with the growing tendency for PI's to spend more time fund raising than doing research and you have a lot of lost and wasted effort. Isn't this fundamentally similar (as an idea an purpose, not an implementation) to the Internet 2 effort, which started in the mid-nineties if I recall correctly? I don't think he's talking about courses here. He's talking about his role as an advisor, not lecturer. This issue comes up all the time with young researchers (i.e. graduate students). There are a huge number of free and open source packages that can help them implement and test their ideas, but actually getting them to work together can be an exercise in yak shaving. That being said, having facility with command line tools is a valuable skill for any researcher. Part of the reason that people still use the *nix style interface is that the large number of people who thought they'd come up with a better design were actually wrong about that. It's harder than it looks. One part of what marriage is, is a contract between two people. But remember that you don't get to decide the terms of that contract for them. One thing I think you are missing here is 4) Elements of numerical analysis Under standing how matrix inversion works on paper is very different than a computer implementation. If you don't understand how floating point really works, you are bound to make fundamental errors in this kind of work, etc. Even if you aren't implementing things yourself (and past pretty basic usage, you'll have to do at least a little), you need to understand how these things work at so you can tell when or why the packages you are using are failing, and what to try after that. Beyond fairly basic modelling, almost none of this stuff "just works"... ... and then it's a short step to adding multiple dispatch in a clean way. I'm pretty sure that's not what Bjarne has in mind, though. In this, as in all classification schemes, there is a real risk of falling into a "dropping FN will raise FP" category error. The core issue may be be that your algorithm is bad, and you can find another with bother better FN and better FP. To my recollection, WinNT didn't acquire much of the unix server base at all - that pretty much migrated over to Linux, with the exception of massively parallel machines. IIRC they had a half-assed kick at it with the O2, but that was too little, to late. Interesting, thanks. Color me much less sure then. "I don’t see anyone on the list whose ancestors bought a great parcel of land in 1780 and have been accumulating family wealth by collecting rents ever since." What you do see though, in the same Fortune 400 list is that 6 of the top 10 people on that list didn't build their companies (in the sense that Bill Gates did), they inherited them. I don't know how much the current crop Kochs or Waltons are responsible for the current success of their ventures, but this is the type of thing I believe Piketty had in mind as much as the "parcels of land" approach. Also rent seeking is a problem distinct from a rentier class. Can you argue convincingly that these people would have been just as successful without the advantages of their births? I suspect that would be quite difficult. Does churn from super-wealthy to "merely" wealthy address Piketty's thesis? For that matter, does it matter if the names change? Distribution of wealth skewing towards a small number of people is still inequality in the sense that Piketty is talking about, even if the names of the people change every 10 years, let alone every few generations. In other words I think what Piketty is getting at is if there is a decay term, it has to act fast enough that the wealth is distributed broadly before it is all collected up by some other small group of people, otherwise there is little functional difference to dynastic wealth. FWIW the only way you can really avoid it by the structure of your operations is either: 1) Never handle any US protected health information in any way at all, or 2) Push this off entirely to a partner. If you are operating in the US in healthcare, at the very least you will need to audit yourself to ensure (1). "I also like that political is a dirty word now" I think the word is acquiring dirt from that acts; the slimier and more partisan the political conversation is perceived to be by people, the less they want to associate with it in any context. "Is your position that when the government brings in a whole company from the private sector to do work, then that's perfectly fine" I don't know about "perfectly fine", more of a "has significant problems with revolving door corruption and lobbying" but be that as it may, the conflict of interest seems pretty clear to me. Given your premise that the NSA is necessary and it is in our general interest that it is effective, then the NSA's CTO is exactly the guy who should be playing companies off against each other to get a better deal for the public money he's spending. It's pretty hard to do that well if have any ties with one of the companies in question, let alone strong ones. It would be a different story if part of the deal was that IronNet would never bid for, or in any way be involved in any NSA contract, but that doesn't seem to be the case (unless I missed something?). Intuitively that might seem like the case, but it isn't true in the systems I'm familiar with (UK, Canada). Ironically, often in the US I've had less choice in providers due to network constraints on insurance. I've seen this stated this as another occurrence of the 80/20 rule, which close enough to 75/25. It doesn't really have anything to do with after a certain age, either. Some percentage %x of your 5 year experience programmers haven't really moved much past their first year at all. To be fair, I think of it really as a series of plateaus, not a hard and fast rule. People get stuck at a level of professional development for all sorts of reasons, internal and external. The thing is, it gets more noticeable the longer time period you are talking about. Comparing two people with 3 years experience where one of them hasn't really progressed past the first year or so, and the other has 3 solid years is a lot different than comparing two people with 30 years experience where one of them hasn't really passed the 10 year mark of development and the other has a solid 30. And "useless" is the wrong way of looking at it. There is a lot of use for a developer with 5-10 years of experience, so long as you don't expect them to perform like a developer with 20-30 years experience. This is true even if they have 30 years on paper, which can be a bit of sticky point w.r.t compensation, but that's a different issue. This absolutely happens with lawyers and doctors, by the way. A real difference is that a doctor has been forced into a good 10 years of professional development before they take the training wheels off, so the base level of competence is much higher. Some of them don't progress significantly beyond that for the rest of their careers, but that doesn't mean they aren't productive for that whole time. As an industry, I do believe that software development is pretty weak on developing talent internally, particularly beyond the entry level. I don't think this is as simple as specialization vs. generalization. Considering nearly any situation your team encounters, junior people, experienced people, and very senior people are likely to take different lessons for it, because they have different perspectives on what happened and what could have/should have happened. To me, a "same year of experience, 30 times" person is someone who runs into similar situations over and over, but fails to grow in how they understand and react to them. This is true of architectural issues, interpersonal issues, schedule management issues, ... everything really. Technology stack isn't so important here. If anything I expect the experienced people to pick up a new stack faster, if they've done this before, all else being equal. I'd expect insight and ideas from a 20+ year developer I'd never dream of asking a junior ( A bright kid with a decent social support system may not find a place in the schools, but will make a place forthemselves outside that system. A kid who is struggling to read at grade level, who comes from an impoverished and/or abusive social network - this kid may have two strikes against them before they show up at all, and warrants the extra effort to try and help lift themselves out of there circumstances. You're pretty far off the mark here. Not that I necessarily endorse the approach either, but it comes from a social welfare perspective, nothing to do with raising averages. More to do with raising citizens, as it were. Except it doesn't, really, scale well in practice. Even now, writing and maintaining large documents in Word is typically an exercise in frustration. Don't get me wrong, there are many things it does well. Books aren't one of them, and neither is technical content (e.g. math) or other complicate typesetting and structuring. This may just be an implication of mixing typesetting and writing tasks. I think it probably is "essentially" complex, but that doesn't mean that all tools are equivalent. Sometimes the issue isn't making something "easy", it's making it possible. Sometimes with Word you end up working your project around the tool because anything else is impractical - but that's exactly backwards from how it should be done. The whole point of the continued popularity of tube amps is to drive them too hard and get interesting noises ... people have been trying to duplicated that in digital for decades, and failed. That was the first thing I thought also, but I guess you can't argue that tube amps (for headphones, guitars, whatever) is a pretty niche product these days. But isn't it this same minority of elite programs looking for ways to carry academically incompetent students? Most student athletes are students first, not looking for an opening in a professional league. It's true that home-schooling does not necessarily short on social interaction, but I've met enough people who were home schooled and did poorly in social setting to wonder how many people do well at this aspect of it for their children. Outings, sports, music etc. are great but not enough on their own. For a lot of people doing home schooling, it must be difficult to arrange for several hours most days in the company a largish group of children with varied backgrounds and personalities. Not having this can make it difficult for children to develop socially. Hey, it's great if you manage to get your kids into several hours of group activities with a mixture of kids on the majority of days. But in my experience, many parents who home school mostly fail on this "not hard" task. So maybe it is harder than you're making out? Or maybe my sample set isn't very good, it's not like I've done a broad study, I'm just taking this from families and adults (who were home schooled) that I know personally. This may be a bit of unfair stereotype, but in my experience there are plenty of real world examples backing it up. Sure, I get that - but how is that a response to peoples perceptions, which are based on averages in some sense. You said "it's a myth", maybe you really meant "it doesn't have to be that way". The latter is clearly true. Or pedantic: it's an observation that "home schooling" correlates well with shorting social interaction. Why is left as an exercise to the interested reader. This approach is much more clear when you use inner product notation. Another benefit is you can see exactly how it is similar to other basis like (orthonormal) wavelets, and dis-similar to so-called "over-complete" basis (complex wavelets, various frames). It also becomes easier to see what the projections onto basis vectors are doing, how/why energy is "concentrated" under a wavelet transform of natural signals, etc. One thing that's missing here is that college really is a "you get out what you get in" situation. As a prof, you see people like this all the time, and hopefully you take the time to try and engage them more, but at the end of the day it isn't your responsibility if they choose to waste the opportunity. The "challenge" in college isn't to make a 4.0 GPA, it's to push yourself to find your own boundaries. Many profs will bend over backwards to help a student who is doing this, and (unlike high school) you can scale up your program to meet and exceed any persons abilities. Sure, maybe you can skate by and manage a decent GPA, but you aren't doing yourself any favors, your basically telling us that you half assed four years of personal development, and you should know that it is probably obvious to those you've worked with and for. The corporate world has its share of people too, skating just like they were. Typically they are the ones not being considered for rapid advancement and grooming for bigger things. Of course, you may just be exceptional. And it's not like you can't recover from this with hard work. But consider this as you head out on your own: Sometimes you just get lucky, but it's more likely that you will succeed or fail now largely on the back of hard work (and here's the tricky part) applied to the right places. Consider an alternative universe "you" who grabbed hold of college with both hands and squeezed until it gave up as much useful stuff as it could.... That guy would be eating your lunch right now. Not because of the college, per se, but because of the attitude and experience. Ok, "half assed four years..." was making some assumptions I shouldn't have. You could well have been doing other useful things at the time. At ~2hrs a week, you didn't actually find out what you could have done there, so that's a waste, but I understand being afraid to follow that conviction and drop college in favor of whatever you were finding interesting. I'm the last one to support the everyone-must-go-to-college message, but I understand it feeling risky. Even in your circle though, I'm sure the (unfortunate) message was clear that the piece of paper was table stakes, not success. And every university has some variation of this message, repeatedly. Table stakes get you a seat at the table, that's all. It's the things that aren't shown on that paper that decide what sort of a player you are. And success, in the end, is most of the time dependent on getting good at doing many of the sort of things you describe as struggling with, not because it's what you want to do, but because it's what is necessary to achieve what you are trying to do. I think there is some truth to this, but it also seems to be true that on average the US is valuing quantity over quality (in food) more than many other economies that can certainly afford to overeat. "survival of the fittest" only really applies in a population sense anyway, which is often part of the confusion I suspect. I suspect the point was that this was this program comes from established companies that have no place making the same mistakes that startups make, or for the same reasons. For what it's worth, most programs really can't assume much about incoming classes having a solid background, so there is a lot of remedial effort in first year anyway. So yes, if you were basically competent but didn't put the time in in highschool, for whatever reason, then sure - if you're willing to do the work no reason they can't succeed. And given that high schools are such a mixed bag, I do think it's worth at least looking at giving more kids a shot. It might be interesting to have a slate of such scholarships reserved for students who wouldn't qualify on entry, but would after first semester/year. Which isn't to say everyone should go, I really wish there were more real vocational options. But if they want it and can do the work, absolutely. That sounds like a good program. I'm curious, why would you assume that? The primary benefit and cost, depending on your point of view, of clojure is that it runs on the JVM. I don't see how that would be a strong argument for or against using this tooling for any problem domain unless you were already committed to or against the JVM for other reasons. This seems an odd one to be "downvoted", enough so I'm curious why. I wouldn't have noticed except it changes the font color. One common view is that 4-6 weeks is, in fact, terrible. Of course it's all trade-offs, but the US is a long ways from most similar countries in this respect, and I can see people getting frustrated with it. In many places there are reasonable options to manage a combined year of parental leave, for example. Sure, but you are comparing federally mandated minimums. Elsewhere in this thread there is a lot of hay being made about how your company may offer more.... The same is true here. For example, I know people whose 50 weeks in Canada has been topped up to 80%. It's not just about pay either, but about what security (if any) someone has after maternity or paternity leave. In practice, I think you'll fund the in the U.S. This is much harder to do, not just compared to Canada, but to most of Europe. Actually, when I said "there are reasonable options" I wasn't referring to federal minimums at all, but I should have made that more clear. I know what FMLA is for, I'm saying that compared to many places, that is not much protection. You picked a couple of places out of that wikipedia page, but on the short end. What about Sweden's 13 months at 75% or so, or Englands year? Anyway, I'm not saying one approach is wrong, as it is all trade-offs. I'm just saying that this is made much more difficult in the US than in a lot of comparable countries, and I think that is pretty uncontroversial. Techniques like the chaos game are used to sample according to the associated fractal measure, which addresses the issue of bias. Issues or floating point representations and the like are a separate problem, but you can address them also. In my experience aspiring to this would be a mistake. You can pull off very high production numbers for a while [under whatever metric you choose] before you start babbling in a corner somewhere, but invariably i's mostly crap and you'll end up replacing every 100k lines with 10-20k lines later, but this time it will be well though out, tested, and maintainable. I've met a few people who have convinced themselves this isn't true, but nobody who has managed to convince anyone else. So you can paint yourself into a corner where all you can do is crank as fast as your tooling allows, but it's like deficit spending, it will cost you more in the long run than doing it right would. Of course, if having a long run at all to worry about this depends on your current output, crank away. An interesting idea, but a couple of things jumped out at me immediately. 1) Keeping track of surface and/or pan temperature is useful but it isn't nearly as useful as keeping track of internal temperature[1]. I'm not sure what the technical challenges are, but having one or more small wireless temperature probes would be far more useful to me than one limited use pan, which leads to ... 2) I cook a lot, but I have very few uses for a non-stick frypan, and very few uses for any pan that isn't oven safe[2]. That and the short useful lifetime of any non-stick pan (at any price range) make me wonder about this. [1] Otherwise you're just hoping your inputs are roughly equivalent to the last time you did this, or what the recipe assumes. [2] i'm making an assumption here, but couldn't find any info You hit on the key problem, which is: what if my salmon steak is 1 1/2 " thick? Or 1/2" ? Are you going to have a selection grid? What if I just took it out of a fridge? What if its starting at room temperature? A bit dry? One of the first things you need to learn to improve as a cook (professional or just out of interest) is to control temperature. And that temperature isn't what it says on a dial, it's what's happening at the interface of your food and the heat. But pan temperature is only one variable, and others are at least as important. At the end of the day, you are never cooking "a salmon steak", you are cooking this salmon steak, with all it's characteristics, on this equipment. Part of getting better as a cook is to be aware of this and always adjust what you are doing, not to your expectations of what should happen (e.g. any recipe, or what happened last time, or ...) but to what is actually happening. To that degree having a live readout of a particular pan could be useful, but not earth shattering. Anyway, I don't think it's a terrible idea and may well help people who are afraid to diverge from a recipe. Heck, it may be very useful to some people who are very experienced, I don't know. My initial reaction though is the form factor is too constraining, and the benefit too marginal, for me to get excited about it. Interesting. Re: "other [variables] are at least as important" being an incorrect assumption... I can see this being possible for some foods (your salmon steak being a good example, given you include thickness, but you'd need different models for many different types of fish), but really unlikely for others. How onion behaves, for example, is pretty regional and highly dependent on type. For many vegetables water content is highly variable and very important to how it cooks, but I feel like i've got better proxys for what is going on than cooking surface temperature would be.... "As we've learned from open-source, if you can get enough eyes (identity isn't actually that important) then all bugs become shallow." This is an often repeated claim, but I don't think it holds up. What is more accurate is that, given enough eyes most bugs are shallow, but the deep ones are not. Some things are just subtle, and some things are technically deep. Throwing a thousand naive[1] reviewers at a problem like that wont get you anywhere near the result of just one person who knows the domain. In the domain of peer review, this means that you can't replace (domain) expert reviewers with a random sample of interested people. You can certainly enhance the expert reviewers with additional people, and this is a good idea. [1] Naive with respect to that particular problem domain. There is a good section in here describing why not only do you not need it, if you use it (as a terminal/listening format) you are probably just making things worse. A system designed end to end to play 24/192 (not the DAC, it's the amps, speakers etc. you have to worry about) could do this reasonably, but you aren't putting that together for $1k. Or probably $10k. Mainly because there is no point, if the mix down is done right you can't physically hear the differences anyway. It's a good format for mixing, and a hopeless one for listening. The real stumbling block is the difficulty in generating anything embedable, and the need to iterate on the decoder side. You can get pretty good results for general images, but not "better enough" to justify this cost over, say as wavelet threshold plus entropy coding. You also can have artifacts of the shape Of the domain support, and getting rid of these makes the encoder quite expensive ( less of a problem) I haven't read that paper in ages, but Davis's points as I remember them aren't really fundamental. For example you can easily do IFS codecs in a wavelets domain and capture detail that zero trees miss, while still taking advantage of the energy concentration in that domain. This shows up in the focus on "fractal block coders" but the blocks here are not necessary. Not that I'm arguing for IFS codecs, mind, but Davis did miss the point a bit. The point is that the concentration of energy in lower frequencies (i.e. the reason you see sparseness in the wavelet domain) is separable from the issue of using IFS. After all, using IFS means you encode an operator, not the signal. One way to demonstrate this (which was shown around the time of Davis's paper, if I recall correctly) is to do the IFS codec in the wavelet domain hierarchically (on quadtrees in the case of an orthonormal wavelet basis). This gives you a similar advantage of spending your encoder bits (which should still be handled by an entropy coder, regardless of method) primarily get spent where the image energy is, but does not truncate information as hard as, say, a zerotree approach. The problems Davis points out with IFS codecs done on blocks in the spatial domain are issues with block/patch operations and with operating in the spatial domain, not with IFS per se. The fundamental idea behind IFS codecs is that you encode a transform whose fixed point approximates your signal, you don't encode the signal directly. The real problem is the difficulty in embedding them, and the need to iterate a few times to converge the result.. which is what you allude to I think. [note, I really should revisit Davis's paper before discussing , because I'm operating from memory here...] I think you are oversimplifying. After all, the map data isn't really the product here. But you are right the tricky thing would be to maintain an incentive structure. Waving hands wildly: imagine a mapping database that was owned by the government, free to use for non-profit uses, and licenseable by corporate entities. Here's the twist though, the license fees are proportional to the government doing a certain amount of upkeep/improvement on the database, and you are free to provide the same work block instead of a fee. That way, if you can do it cheaper, it will save you money up front and if your competitor can't do that, it's a competitive advantage. I haven't thought about this model carefully just pointing out it isn't necessarily as black and white as you suggest... That Lipshitz paper is really worth reading. "So what you are saying is that given enough time and some random events my tablet could actually come to existance all by itself?" Well, no. But there is nothing in the natural world that we know of that is implausible for development over the time scales involved. Which is really separate from the point here, that the various fractal and fractal-like structures is that complex looking behavior and structure can emerge from very simple rule or encoding. That's the precise situation the linked post is about, did you read it before commenting? I wouldn't go so far as the post you're replying too (I think you can do a startup without all the advantages named, but your risk looks different). However, I think you are falling into the trap of identifying outliers and then trying to reason about the general case from it - it's pretty hard to use that to say anything more that "it's possible for X to happen, because it happened here, and here." Is anything wrong with the warrant system? The fact that police are often trying to avoid/circumvent it is not evidence that it isn't working as designed, just that it isn't working as they would like (which is to be expected). Your second paragraph illustrates the issue with lumping ruby and lisp together. Lisp is already fast, in some common lisps (e.g. sbcl) you have a compiler that gets within about 2x of a good optimizing c compiler, which is pretty good. So in some sense, it already has the best of both worlds (more powerful than a ruby or python, faster than most languages when compiled). I think the reasons it did't take over the world have nothing to do with the technical core, and everything to do with ecosystem and network effects. Actually most of these compilers have pretty small teams, and in some cases part time volunteer effort has done a lot of the optimizer But language design really matters, for example one guy put together a JIT for lua that is roughly as fast as the JVM. He's good at it, but he wouldn't have been able to do the same thing with Java (or, I expect ruby) on his own.... Any reason to expect they have a stronger or more likely to succeed claim than, say, the Japanese-American families whose possessions were taken from them in WW2? On the other hand, the real-world is swimming in programs that would have benefitted from some of the ideas in this book... I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. If your program is a year long, they're maybe half way there. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. If your program is a year long, they're maybe half way there. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. If your program is a year long, they're maybe a bit over half way there. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I don't think I'm underestimating it at all. Immersive learning works best when you are almost ready to learn the material already; in this case you can achieve a lot in a few days if you are motivated, but there are limits. You can't compress years or months into days, and you can only get so far before you have to slow down and synthesize. I wouldn't hire someone just because they'd graduated from a decent CS program either, it's just a reasonable proxy for some of the skills (but not others) they will need to become a developer over time. I'd always heard that it was cost that drove grain finishing, nothing to do with taste. Is that a myth? After all, grain finishing is a bit of a strange thing to do with animals that can't digest it well naturally, on the face of it. It can even be hard when your career trajectory isn't stuck. I went to grad school because it was well funded and I could do fun research; I did the same thing in a post-doc with my own funding (much more than this article suggests, so I wasn't giving up too much salary compared to industry). But I got a good look at what the next 10+ years were going to look like if I wanted to be successful at it. Although I had tenure track offers I decided the life of a research academic, even at an R1, wasn't for me. The practicalities of maintaining funding derail a lot of good research ideas and make people very conservative. Time pressure from the admin and teaching on top of this leaves little left for actual research. This was topped off with the difficulty I was having trying to get outside collaborations really working and transition my research into practice. Maybe if I'd been better at it I would have had opportunities that changed my mind, I don't know. So I left, although many of my colleagues thought I was crazy to do so having "made it" past the post-doc trap. I can't complain at all, I made a decent salary for several years to just do research and learn things, which was great. But I couldn't see staying. It's a bit of a strange relationship: The manufacturers can't insist that google support older versions with proper patch releases for bugs like this, because they aren't paying for it. On the other hand, google really can't expect to drive the manufacturers test & release cycles. I expect that even a minor release is an expensive testing effort on their part, so they are understandably reluctant to do this off cycle. I think this is the point of some of google's recent changes, but it's unclear how well that will work in practice. Does it still depend if finding out what the offer is will derail you for 3 months and almost certainly result in an unsatisfactory answer (or worse)? I think that's his point: In theory you might like to know the answer, but in practice unless you are in a very strong or very weak position (and know it), you shouldn't let yourself be distracted this way, as it is incredibly unlikely to be worth the time. Even without physiological changes, multi-modal fusion is a made more difficult by non-rigid spatial transforms inherent to some of the modes (e.g. CT quite accurate spatially, but MR is certainly not, and can vary with pulse sequence also) "store of value" has a standard usage in this area, and you aren't using that definition. To be a good store of value means that you have predictable recovery, which is the opposite of what you are say. BTC may or may not be a good (high risk) investment at the moment, but it isn't a good store of value. Such techniques are often generally known as "Global Illumination". Often in physics based rendering you are attempting to estimate the BSDF (bi-directional scattering distribution function, often broken into T, transmission and R reflection) parts. This gets complicated by interactive media and subsurface scattering (i.e the photons go into a material and bounce around) but in the simple case of a surface interaction you are estimating an integral over solid angle for all light interactions. Monte Carlo path tracing is one way to do this estimation. Or at least reasonable & predictable liquidity, yes. Coil positioning and geometry is critical for field homogeneity. And the coil materials must be very consistent. Add to that you have to withstand heating/cooling cycles down to a few Kelvin -- the whole thing needs to withstand a lot of stress so it's heavy. As introductions go, this is not very good. For example, the first sentence "Simulated annealing is a method for finding a good (not necessarily perfect) solution" is incorrect in theory, while correct in practice. I feel that it is this dichotomy that brings the most insight to the strengths and weaknesses of the approach. Further, the post doesn't give any good intuition on why it works, or how it works, or how it compares to alternatives... everything you would want to know. It also gets other details not quite right, like the origin of the Gibbs measure (the name "simulated annealing" comes from analogy to the annealing process in metallurgy, but the Gibbs formulation comes from probability theory, and the application here via the Ising model and electromagnetism). This isn't very important to a practical intro I guess, but it makes it harder to find the right places to read deeper if you wish to. It's fairly easy to prove that simulated annealing done "properly" will converge to a uniform distribution over all global minima. The "properly" here involves a logarithmic cooling schedule and a little thought should convince you that this is in practice not going to help you any more than exhaustive search will. It's very difficult to prove useful properties about convergence or distribution on faster cooling: therin lies the rub. I suspect a big part of the popularity of the approach is that it is extremely easy to implement, but unfortunately naively application often doesn't work very well on complicated energy state spaces. Too late to edit the parent, but you are right to call me out on this, thanks!. Clearly without some ergodicity constraint you cannot have uniform distribution. I was sloppy with terminology, sorry. The original approach to this require weak and strong ergodicity conditions on an inhomogeneous Markov chain (but not stationarity of the chain, i.e. you don't have to run it forever). This was worked out in the mid 80s by Gidas and Mitra if I recall correctly, and several interesting updates since then. There are other probabilistic arguments made as well, after that. I can dig out references if anyone asks. If I recall correctly The sound originally came from cost cutting engineering choices. Beyond the fairly tight angle (a little over 60 degrees) which gives you a asymmetric "gap" between ignitions, they simplifies the ignition timing so that it fired every stroke instead of every other stroke. So the exhaust strokes had a little ignition going on due to unspent fuel/air, giving the quieter sounds. Not a good design for efficiency but it sure gave them a distinctive idle. Why hasn't the alice/master branch brought over all of the changes in master since branching, and tested them, before review and (eventual) merge? To be fair, disinterest and contempt are very different things. Saying "I'm not interested in X" has very different connotations from "I can't see why anybody is interested in X". "Taken more charitably, it merely implies that one does not understand the valid reasons for liking X." And therein lies the rub. Interpreting others statements charitably and trying to make your own clear and unambiguous can reduce an awful lot of social friction. It's the hardware costs that killed the unix vendors relative to commodity beige boxes, not the software Linux (and to some degree the BSD's) just gave a smoother path. I recall seeing side by side memory quotes from Intel (i.e. an "expensive" vendor in the space, when they were shipping servers) and SGI for the same amount of memory on smallish servers - from memory the SGI was about $18k vs $500 for the intel. Staring at that difference it becomes pretty hard to justify, even if the memory bus was much better. I could buy a couple of new servers for the cost of that memory upgrade. I suspect Sun's pulling the free c compiler was just one of many "cost cutting" (which end up being revenue cutting) decisions made by a company that saw the writing on the wall but couldn't see how to avoid it. I want to say my quote comparison came from '96, but I could be off a bit. At any rate, the unix vendors still all had pretty significant hardware advantages over even the beefiest PC ... but the bang/buck was already pretty painful. We had systems developed on Sun, but we couldn't afford to deploy them on Sun hardware. After briefly flirting with the idea that SunOS x86 would be a viable path, we gave up and moved to linux on commodity hardware. It was a new enough thing to do (in the market we were in) that we got a few raised eyebrows, but it turned out to be the right decision. I like the concept behind MDP, but not the term. Mostly this is because "disruptive" has become so hackneyed in the industry that its use has negative value to me. I've often thought half the confusion with these could have been avoided if U3 was called the "unemployment indicator". Academia already does much of the fundamental research. It's mostly the "D" part of the "R&D" that is expensive, and shapes the pharma industry. Some of this could be addressed by making clinical trials cheaper to operate and initialize, but it's always going to be quite expensive. Sure, a lot of discovery is done in industry too (and, as you note, is supported by academic outputs). But that's not the expensive part which is what I was trying to say -- obviously not clearly enough. I don't think anyone, regardless of their own take on the issues, would argue that current drug policy in the U.S. is internally consistent. Right, for service courses with lots of sections, the marking load can be pretty high (e.g 1000+ students taking the same course) and the difficulty in maintaining even marking policies both tempt towards scantron and the like. It is limiting, but if you put a lot of work into it you can even design pretty decent multi-part questions that reward partial understanding/success. Mostly people don't put that time in, though, and I've never been a fan of the practice. I'm not really a fan of this op-ed either, but the very least, the article/speech at least makes a much more solid argument than you have here. Basically you've made an unsubstantiated claim to write it off, and then prognosticated that there is little chance useful will come of it. How, exactly, does such an approach raise the level of discourse here in ways the original article doesn't? What I doubt is not relevant. You claimed that the speech had " ... very little in solid critiques, but instead weighs to emotions", but provided no support for this statement at all. That is, after all, precisely what unsubstantiated means. Which is why I commented at all, being tired of commentary that simultaneously complains about either the low quality of current comments, or the impossibility of high quality comments --- while at the same time providing negative value itself. Your approach is a variant of the tired formula "The post is [stupid/terrible/useless/...]. I am obviously [more knowledgeable/smarter than you/right/...]. Anyone who would disagree is clearly [an idiot/partisan/lazy/...], and I fully expect to see them come out in droves now". This risible style does far more to lower the tone than any linked article I've ever seen here. No. You stated that the article lacked solid critiques, but failed to address even one of the critiques presented and show it's lack of solidity. You further claimed that "instead weighs to emotion" but provided no evidence of it. Stating such things as if they are self evident from the text is posturing, not argument. This sort of blather serves no useful purpose in discourse, and is rightly despised as a favored tool of the demagogue. I'm well beyond diminishing returns here, so I'm done with this. I think you're more wrong than right, and it's selection bias that gives you confidence here. There are people from all sorts of backgrounds that can become very good developers, but their common feature seems to be that they were already the sort of person who could become a good developer, not any methodology used to train them. For example, I'm confident most talented physics Ph.Ds[1] can make decent developers of numerical code, but that says more about them than it does about my skill at training. Given a random person, hell given a random person who is already decent developer in a different domain, my confidence in their ever becoming very good at that domain is much lower. [1] the problem then being, that pool maybe smaller than the one you are trying to populate.... My wording was bad, but I meant a random developer who was not already highly skilled (in another domain) The amount of salary doesn't really matter so much as the fraction of it you are willing to live on long term. But that's the point. This process is "faster" on a higher salary if and only if your final target income isn't also higher. For many people this will not be the case, e.g. the person with a 100k/yr salary has a higher retirement cost of living targeted than the person with 50k/yr salary does. Of course, if you are happy living a 50k/yr lifestyle and retirement but happen to make 100k/yr, yes, you should be able to retire much faster. It's worth noting, particularly given where the story occurred, that this is a US-centric take on what "Freedom of Speech" means, and really doesn't generalize well. Are you really suggesting the best solution is to make the reviews more broken and useless? It has a huge impact if you are willing to approach it that way, but my point is that I don't believe many/most people in that 100k+ earning range actually are willing to retire to a 20/25k range, at all. Which leads you back to scaling everything up to the number you are willing to you are comfortable with. This is the space things like solidworks EPDM are trying to service. "grifted grads" - Freudian slip? To me, This sort of thing doesn't demonstrate their is value in an idea, rather it demonstrates the value of asymmetric information. Edit: the wording "assumed" led me to interpret that you didn't know about this mathematical property, but perhaps you did! You almost hit upon a real property of the set, namely that if you can find a closed contour of the interior, all the enclosed points are in the set... A common variant of your approach, then, was to quad tree the area of interest and evaluate the boundary of each square, if it was consistent you just fill in the block, otherwise subdivide. This is a massive speed up for locations like the canonical initial view with large areas of the set shown... ... Of course the problem with this is you are sampling discretely, so inferring that the boundary is closed because a sampling of it is doesn't really work. Your filling in of the white blocks like this is particularly problematic, as that can easily cut off "children" in the set. You can do this sort of approach properly, but it is a bit more complicated. This is important. The idea that some sort of methodological silver bullet exists that will solve your projects problems "for you" is as pervasive as it is naive. A big part of a good PM's role is knowing what approach is appropriate for which project(s) and knowing how to implement it practically with the team(s) they have. This doesn't really seem to solve the problem, just makes some of the error modes less surprising to the user. Surely the right approach to handling scheduling like this is (sticking with the calender example) a) initiating calender event is canonical (but may or may not be in the calenders local timezone) , but b) metadata about when the schedule was made and last updated is stored, and c) every future computation takes this metadata and looks up canonical (i.e. IANA) timezone/change information every time it touches the event, and d) a warning is given to any user, at any time their localization has a change in rules that might affect their apparent wall time, plus e) any changes in the localization of the initiating/owning calender trigger a warning for everyone. Am I missing something? [edit: besides the way to format this list...] (added - I should have been more clear that the server is only responsible for keeping track of the canonical event and updating clients if and when that changes. The clients will always be responsible for resolving locally apparent changes) Ah, I wasn't clear enough ... I was thinking in that case the canonical calender event would be encoded in time in Chile, even if the local calender was in Germany or whatever. Looking back that could have been written much better so I've added a parenthetical. What I've described are ideas that predate the agile manifesto, and are not subsumed by it. The problem with that section isn't so much that it is opinionated, it's that you can't really have a sensible discussion about typing on just a dynamic vs. static axis. At the very least you should address the implications of strong vs. weak typing, and you should probably address the strength and nature of the type systems, also. After all, saying that both C and Haskell are statically largely misses the point. That misses the point; you can already echo a variable wherever you want in a makefile similarly. This gives you a way to do it without editing the makefile, without knowing before hand you want to see that variable. Slightly different, and almost always much better than juice processed this way. One of the prices of consistency and conveninience is often flavor. Characterizing the loss of the Napoleonic wars as a reflection of french military ineffectiveness is inept at best. Careful about drawing a false equivalence here. I think I can see what you're trying to say, but for example owning a car has both an opportunity cost, and a high depreciation cost. It's entirely plausible to end up financially far ahead by not owning a car (The same can be true for housing in some markets). Of course this depends on your usage, but it is plausible. So if you want to argue about the (very real for some people) less tangible benefits, you can't ignore the fact that these may come at a very real financial (i.e. opportunity) cost. Interesting ... but I still wouldn't call it review. Both linting and review are worth doing, but they achieve very different things. In fact, I often think of linting as a good tool to reduce noise in the review process. Well, unless I've missed something, it is by definition static analysis -- so that's probably a good start. The way I look at it is that every minute you spend discussing a point in a review that could have been caught/corrected by a static tool is a minute wasted. But these tools can't do any of the actual work of the review. By the way, linting is a fairly well known term with a long history, but it wouldn't surprise me if there are communities that don't know the term. I suspect that some legislation has been written with this in mind for quite a while now. The laws themselves being an exercise in Overton window type thinking, not with any view that they would stand for long. If true, this situation becomes somewhat self-perpetuating Rapid prototyping isn't a silver bullet (there is no silver bullet). Some approaches can help you better stay on top of unstable requirements than others, but if your requirements are missing or unstable, your project is unstable and poorly defined, period. Synaptive Medical | Toronto, Ontario Innovative and fast paced medical device start up in the neurosurgical space. We do software, hardware, and science. I'm particularly interested in finding more scientific developers (image processing, physical modeling, numerical analysis, machine learning, etc.) with industry experience, but our needs are broad - have a look. Some job descriptions at http://www.synaptivemedical.com , more are likely to post soon. There is an emphasis on .NET experience for application development as our production software stack is mostly based there (at least the bits that aren't embedded). So yes, having some experience in this environment is a plus. For more R&D positions, this balances against experience with libraries and techniques, and we have done some dev work on linux, etc. for these reasons. For the position(s) I most care about at the moment, significant industry experience would easily trump platform familiarity, but obviously that might not be true for all openings. C++, particularly modern C++, experience would be a plus too, as would familiarity with a range of numeric and image processing libraries and the like. Fashion seems too changeable over time for that to be likely. I expect they come up all the time, in interviews for sufficiently low level positions. There are far more relevant things to ask in the vast majority of software interviews, though. Ignorance of the existence of memory cache or its impact isn't a good thing in an application developer, of course, but known VHDL or semiconductor physics isn't a good predictor of success in that. I also believe a lot of interview questions are poorly conceived. I can't, however, see why anyone would be surprised to not get many (any) detailed hardware questions in a typical software interview process. And absolutely, there are important questions you must ask about process, testing, deployment, tool sets. But understanding algorithms and data structures is fundamental to the job, even if you spend most of your time not thinking about it at all. This is important, and failing to realize it is a prime source of hard-to-analyze, hard-to-extend, hard-to-test, and hard-to-maintain code. An application developer (I'm leaving aside the can of worms opened by "web-app") absolutely should understand at least roughly how a red-black tree works. They shouldn't have to be able to implement one properly for you on a white board, and they shouldn't remember all the details or even the definition off the top of the head. However, given a description and a implementation (perhaps partial) they should be able to work out and describe how it works, why i works, and say something sensible about the issues in properly implementing and testing one, sure. Bonus points for knowing a couple of places they come up in practical use. Obviosly, some exception for the most junior positions. Even if they get things wrong in the details it can be fine. But not being able to speak sensibly about such a data structure is a significant red flag. Done right, questions like this can reveal a lot about a candidates ability to do the job, even if they never directly do this. (the caveat there being on "done right". This sort of question isn't pass/fail, it's the discussion that is useful) On the other hand, understanding the details of a TLB really doesn't to me seem to have the same sort of halo effect -- getting into details on this in a software position (with certain exceptions) seems to be more a waste of the time. I really didn't mean to dodge anything. By that comment I meant that web-app and application is a fuzzy line, and I'd rather not distinguish between them. Give that, I don't accept your premise. There is a huge swathe of programming that can get by day-to-day using nothing more than arrays and hashtables. And, all else being equal, in my experience this work is consistently done much better by people who can understand and reason through what is going on in a slightly more complex data structure, or describe the function of a recursive algorithm, etc. Completely avoidable design errors are often made by people ignorant of why what they were doing was algorithmically silly or using inappropriate data structures. This is often all so avoidable. I was very explicit that I don't think you should give "brain teasers" and expect people to "perform" them in an interview. And I was very explicit that I think there are lots of other areas that are at least as (and often more) important to get into in an interview situation. However, any developer with reasonable fundamentals can reason about a red-black tree, even if they've never seen one before. So yes, I don't expect you prove the big O of the search time, but i might ask you why we would want to balance a tree at all, and what the balancing algorithm is achieving once you're shown it. And I'm not going to ask anyone to implement one from scratch on a board, but I might show you an implementation and ask you what your thoughts on testing and corner cases to analyse would be. These are perfectly applicable questions (perhaps excepting entry level), and vastly more relevant than how a TLB works, which was my point. To be honest, I'd probably use something even simpler, but don't feel R-B to be unfair. I even stated that you don't have to get these answers "right" but the discussion is useful. If you get the details wrong but say sensible things, that's great. If you can't reason anything out about it even with some handholding, it's a bad sign. So I feel you've completely mischaracterized my response, as what I'm talking about has nothing whatsoever to do with your friends description of their google interview. Now to your broader point - would I prefer a candidate who was an ace at algorithms but couldn't reason about system failures and risk mitigation over someone who could "imagine disaster scenarios and how they'll play out" but can't talk sensibly about a simple data structure? Honestly I wouldn't particularly want either of them on my team, so I hope there are better candidates. VC's exist to service a market that banks wouldn't touch with a 10 foot pole. If you have the sort of friends and family who will put up $50k, this is much more achievable, no? (I have no idea what sort of situation the poster is in, but F&F rounds can certainly go higher than $250k). I think the parents contention was that likely in your case and your peers, those resources had already been spent, and that this is a useful signal. I wonder how this approach compare to upscaling via IFS (i.e. "fractal compression"-like techniques). Although the underlying modelling is very different, the fundamental idea seems very similar - learn vectors from the image, apply (possibly a mixture of) them at a different scale. The results certainly look superficially similar. You are affirming the consequent, as is the parent. re your hackintosh idea: I have no idea what the current state of play is, but I looked at this in some detail when they came out - and there was no way you could build a directly comparable machine without spending very similar money. The GPUs would just kill you, far more than any other components. That matches what I found, looking at this a while ago. Not perfect for every application, of course. I think the problem a lot of people have is with the "mass" part, not the "surveillance" part, of mass-surveillance. I haven't heard anyone complaining about surveillance limited in scope to something with demonstrable cause. It's warrant-less and widespread data gathering and databases (be they license plates, phone records, image/video or what have you) for speculative use that has people concerned, that I've heard. Well sure, if you don't need the machine, you don't need it and that' fine. When I was comparing hardware, you really couldn't buy comparable cost/flop GPUs for any significant savings (and you'd spend more on some similar builds), which was my point. No idea if that's still true. The idea that you could get the same thing for half the money just wasn't true. Your comment about John Siracusa's problem doesn't seem relevent to the OP, although it something to consider if you were buying a machine for home use. > Mass surveillance of the type where a warrant would be required individually is problematic. Yes, yes it is. It isn't at all clear that the potential benefits of allowing it outweigh the potential costs. This is a common difference between presentation for reference and for pedagogy. It is extremely difficult to write well for both purposes, so good examples are rare (c.f. Kernigan & Ritchie) Toronto is one of the rare North American cities that has both a functional metro and street cars with significant coverage. Not that both don't have their detractors, and the city (or rather the GTA, which includes a lot of commuter suburbs) can't make up it's mind about scaling them up or down. Having a transit backbone infrastructure like this changes the nature of a city, I think. That's relevant when discussing how to travel between cities, but really doesn't seem to have much to do with the tendency towards suburban sprawl. I believe the structure of modern American cities has largely be determined by policies, not geography. San Francisco, particularly, is adverse to building up ever since it was mostly flattened in an earthquake. Policy probably hasn't quite caught up with modern architectural realities, but it isn't just based on desire for medium density. This isn't unique to North America, look at the downtown core of Lisbon, for example. Well to be fair, I thought the article and company blurbs was targeting significant production as much as smaller & off-the-grid use. And these guys are hardly the first to make strong claims before demonstrating at scale. On the other hand, this sort of unit might be interesting for the use you suggest. Even if the manufacturing cost isn't a big win, if the MTBF is enough of an improvement by design, it might have some application in small remote sites where maintenance is a pain. It's a terrible example for many reasons. One that is more often misapplied than not. > No, you pretty much don't need to bother with version control systems unless you're writing code on a team with others. You may not "need" to, but almost any individual project will benefit from it, also. > I am surprised that higher speed limits are so strongly correlated with higher mortality rates. This really shouldn't be surprising: higher speed limits correlate with higher average speeds, and while energy goes as the square of the velocity, mitigation efforts do not. No matter how well you engineer crumple zones, improve traction, give automated braking responses... if you are going fast enough when you actually hit something, it's the kinetic energy that is going to kill you. Bear in mind that mortality rates and incident rates don't really reflect the same things here. > but can you imagine what a freshman/sophmore student would do if faced with this situation? Learn, in my experience. Getting people to leave a mere "answer getting" mindset and engage with the "technique and problem understanding" mindset is one of the most important parts of the job of teaching freshmen and sophomores (particularly in mathematics). They've often been rewarded for this approach in high school and have trouble letting it go -- but it really constrains the ability to understand things. The really sad cases are the ones who are really good at it, good enough to survive all the way to grad school sometimes. They aren't doing themselves any favors, and invariably get left behind by people who may have less innate talent but engage more. Hopefully recoverably. It seems more likely that we are all biologically predisposed to function badly on such a schedule. Some people probably deal with the deficits better than others, but all of the "positive" results from something that extreme I've heard of are subjective and self-reported, so not worth much as evidence. There is, however, lots of empirical data about loss of cognitive function due to sleep deprivation; to be fair I don't think any of the studies I've seen targeted precisely that (self imposed, cyclic) sort of pattern. On the other hand, none of that research suggests a good outcome would be expected. I'm not referring to all sleep patterns here, just those that rely on very short cycles, e.g. 20 min. Do you have evidence (i.e. randomized, blinded) that uberman actually does work? I'd be really interested to see it, all I have managed to find is evidence that some people who do it believe that it works well for them, which isn't at all the same thing. Polyphasic sleep schedules are interesting, but I've always thought these extremely short cycles were problematic. Of course you're right, behavioral studies make subject blinding (nearly?) impossible. Typing quicker than thinking there, I'll edit original for clarity. The author seemingly misses an important way in which this can be looked at as "real". Some subsystems don't change much because they already do what is needed and aren't broken. Sure, the code could be improved, but it's not important enough to do (or at least, to do now). Other subsystems don't change much because they are scary to change. If the system is brittle and poorly designed, engineers may have very good reason to be hesitant about changing it, and instead it is worked around. So this latter case behaves very much like "technical debt" . This system costs you engineering time every time you even think about touching it. It's hard to reason about, it's hard to change, and over time these problems get worse if you introduce workarounds in other parts of the system, because now they are worse and harder to work with. This is a very real cost. It's rarely that extreme a difference in time, but even if it were, what you are really talking about isn't the whole story, except in truly throw away code (almost never happens). It's more likely to be something like: 1 week today to do it properly, a couple of hours a month from now to tweak it, a couple of more hours 6 months later to add a new tested feature, vs, 1 hour today to hack it in, 3 hours on friday to rework it, 1/2 a day next week to debug a problem, and hour the next day to fix your fix ... plus the entire following day when that didn't work properly Followed by 1 day to do a "proper rewrite" in a month, to add the tweak that should have been easy but breaks some of your assumptions plus 2 days to debug why something doesn't work properly anymore interacting with another subsystem. Followed by someone else spending most of a week debugging a subtle bug you introduced by stepping on some state "nobody was using anyway" Followed by 6months later when the new feature is needed someone looking at all this and throwing up their hands because they can't understand what it's doing. At which point they say... "screw it, I can re-write this in a couple of hours". Lather, rinse, repeat. Most of the time, the "fast way" is pretty reliably going to cost you more time. Just not more time today. I'm not disagreeing with the main thrust of the OP's argument, but with the statement that "Technical Debt isn't real". I think that it often is best thought of as "real debt" in that it costs you time and attention, and (at least some of the time) that cost compounds over time. In other words, some of your engineering spend is just going to service this debt, not produce anything useful. That's a very real opportunity cost. It probably could, but every hour spent on that has an opportunity cost. You might find the same hours spent elsewhere do more for you. If you're doing your planning and analysis right, you should hope to have identified this... so in your example, hopefully that subsystem went up in priority because it was identified as a place for gain. One of the interesting things about developing medical devices is the formal recognition of this process. During development, you must perform and document risk analysis - some of this is pretty dry, but part of it is a session of what-if where you need to look at the worst possible outcomes for you system, used properly or not. Often this is quite eye opening. If there is an adverse event, or interaction reveals that one is possible, you'll do corrective-action/preventative-action analysis and depending on the severity you may need to inform you entire user base. At first this sort of thing can feel process heavy and unwieldy, but I quickly came to appreciate the way in improved the actual engineering and made you think about system design in particular, useful ways. s/Justin/Justine/ ? I don't know if the claim is correct or not, but you have not demonstrated that it is false. The occupations you describe (nurses, teachers, office workers) can be expected to correlate with population density in a way that just doesn't seem to be necessary for truck drivers, or at least for many of them. Given that population is very non uniformly distributed amongst the states, it is very plausible to have a high proportion of long distance truck drivers living in low population states, so this claim could be true. That's plausible, but the parent analysis doesn't hold; I wasn't addressing the article. I could have worded it better. I parsed that as agreeing with you (albeit worded a bit awkwardly), that the "bad thing" was not thinking about it, not disagreeing with Stallman. How much do they consume? What else do they consume? That saying has been around for ages, but strikes me as one of those superficially smart sounding but actually kind of fundamentally misguided phrases that sometimes become popular. Unless someone is suggesting an all cows milk diet, I suppose. I think this is the strongest factor. Once you have a critical mass locally, it's pretty hard to shift the user base - it would need a compelling reason, and you aren't going to get that from minor differences in UX. Lots of compression techniques use variations of this idea. For example, all wavelet tree codecs (eg JPEG2000) effectively do this. As to why it wasn't done for JPEG, etc.? Mostly the cost of hardware implementations in compute and memory. Think of all the cheap cameras etc. that used JPEG, the 8x8 block coding and integer representation of the discrete cosine transform coding made this possible. Commoditization is not the same as low profit margins. The auto makers historically spend a ton of marketing money to keep the auto market from being a commoditized market. So far they've been very successful. Profit margins are pretty healthy in some segments, for that matter. Why not compare it to better coffee at home, for less TCO, from an automatic espresso machine? That's pretty easy to achieve. > You burn out your engineers killing themselves to avoid the yank and everything starts falling apart. That's a odd definition of a system that "actually works" This article has at least one thing right, the practical incentives in much of science run counter to what we might reasonably agree are the right outcomes to target. That's really a different and more difficult question. In many cities (like Toronto) living in the "boondocks" as you put it vs. downtown is a pretty fundamental lifestyle change. This comparison at least narrows the variables a lot. Categorically. Why would any of that be different? As I understood it, from the point of view of the retailer it's no different than a (contactless) card. So sure, she might have to update her POS, but is going to have to do that anyway. So no different gadget, no different training, maybe another processer but maybe what she's already using? What am I missing? Your selective quoting is misleading. The post said: "...even with the plus that is Visual Studio,... " And you're touting things you value in VS. I think that he poster was saying that for them the good parts of VS don't make up for other shortcomings of windows as a workstation... My understanding was the chip and pin / EMV is coming for all merchants in the US pretty soon, regardless of what they think of it. If your forced into making that change, supporting apple pay isn't anything much additional. Of course I could be wrong about that. That would only be concerning if those mathematicians were working in cell biology or closely related fields. Innumeracy is a very similar problem to illiteracy, it has a broad impact on your ability to learn and reason about the world - but it is much more socially accepted and (hence?) much more prevalent. I believe they are pointing out that the constraints on the construction of ZFC are not meaningfully/practically constraining the objects build atop the system that you would want to study and manipulate in CS. I can't see how your implication works either, can you make it explicit? > it will probably never gain widespread acceptance outside of Microsoft shops. This seems fairly natural for something so deeply coupled with .NET. Perhaps mono and Microsofts current efforts will make this less of a constraint, but still -- .NET has made some deep architectural tradeoffs that you will mostly have to live with if you want to play in this particular sandbox, and I can't see that helping with wider spread acceptance. And some of these make the working conditions UK in the 70-80s look pretty good by comparison. > on the existing infrastructure [...] at 200 - 300 mph within the same timeframe or shorter. This isn't even remotely plausible. 250 mph in a conventional car is more of a party trick than a transportation strategy. You can get a few very specialized cars up to these speeds on a few very specialized tracks, that's it. Even if you built a much longer straight section (you're not cornering significantly at these speeds) the question isn't going to be how many of them can you get from A to B, it's going to be what runs out first, fuel or tires. The range would make todays electrics look positively luxurious. Fuel efficiency would be low single figures. You can't beat the physics here - you are fighting a velocity cubed term and it will always win (on existing infrastructure). I think you meant to say "complicit in the scheme". You could be complacent about it, but not in it. > EDIT: I do think we'll solve for 200 - 300 mph in 20 - 25 years. But insert 150 - 200 mph. Honestly, averaging 150-200mph is still hopeless for conventional infrastructure and cars. Hell, 100mph averages are probably out for conventional cars due to fuel efficiency. You could imagine an improvement from co-ordinated drafting (don't try this at home) but that's too marginal to make up the difference. I'd love to hear your reasoning behind thinking that we'll solve 200-300mph in the next three decades on conventional roads. What kind of vehical are you thinking of? > but certain vocal academics have managed to push a view that math is nothing but formulas AND that there is no controversy here. This isn't really a thing, which may explain why I'm having trouble understanding what you are trying to say. To be more concrete: from what I can understand of your somewhat incoherent characterization it does not match any mathematical community I know of - it may exist, but if so it is not mainstream. "how could we make it work anyway?". In this case, you can't. At least, not for practical application. You really wouldn't want to use this approach with rechargeables, as they degrade pretty quickly if discharged too far (which is what this would do) It's a good idea to clearly articulate the two situations and how they interact, but it isn't like you can decouple them in practice so some mixing is natural. These views both have value, and both can be overplayed. Hopefully you can also instill in your children an understanding that there is always some luck involved also, and help them avoid that pernicious failure to understand that because someone is not successful does not mean you can conclude they just have not worked hard enough. I fail to see why complexity is a necessary result of increasing tax revenues. Most of the complexity seems to come from policy initiatives and successful lobbying of special interest groups .. both of which may be considered to be misguided. In one sense, yes. On the other hand, many people take law degrees without any intention of working directly as lawyers, so "it's complicated" Really, it doesn't make any sense to lump the two careers together (at least in the US), anymore. That doesn't mean you have to have much added complexity. The complexity doesn't really come from adding sources, it comes from adding exemptions and credits. e.g. an overly simplistic tax code could read: everyone pays 18% on all income. All money you get from any source is income. Now clearly that has some problems - but complexity isn't one of them. Reporting and fraud are separate issues, or at least separable ones. What makes you say it was quick? Jefferson has been extensively studied and presumably well cross referenced, this shouldn't be hard to check. Are you assuming they didn't do the work? I have, but not in America. Perhaps an "us" as opposed to "them" pre-supposition on the part of writers wherever they are? From said search: "The considerably catchier sobriquet Baader-Meinhof phenomenon was invented in 1994 by a commenter on the St. Paul Pioneer Press’ online discussion board,.." from: http://www.psmag.com/books-and-culture/theres-a-name-for-tha... Not sure if that's the earliest reference, but I've certainly heard it called that years before 2006. Both Uber and Taxi companies could control the number of drivers operating in an area at any time, which I suspect is the idea. Oversupply could help response times but hurt the bottom line of drivers so there is an unavoidable compromise to be made. For what it's worth, I think whiteboard coding exercises can be quite useful, if they are done right. And a complete waste of time if not. Here "done right" means something like: used as a way to explore problem solving and logic with the candidate. So in this light, I wouldn't expect anyone to "ace" a problem, but I would expect them to be able to say sensible things about whatever they try and to understand and discuss how to correct issues or alternatives if they are pointed out. No the trade off is fundamental. Various addition or removal of constraints on the market will presumably move the equilibrium in the direction of fewer drivers/higher pay or in more drivers/lower pay, but you can't get rid of it, fundamentally (there are other factors, e.g. rate). I have no position on what would be (more) desirable, I was just trying to expand for the parent - you can adjust the supply more easily than the demand, but the interest of the drivers and of the companies are not cleanly aligned. With most biological systems, it's a pretty safe bet that things are more complicated than that. On the contrary, that is one of the primary roles of a development manager. > Sadly there's (seemingly) no way to interview people for this ability I think there is. Show the candidate some bad code. Not WTF code, but something you wouldn't be proud of but is realistic. Bonus points if you're comfortable enough to pull this out of your own production system. Ask the candidate about adding some functionality, but be clear that cleanup and refactoring changes are fine (even encouraged). The conversation should be enlightening. That's interesting when available, yes. Very strange for me to see an example thesis in latex without any mathematics in it! Another really useful/practical thing from looking at things this (inner product) way. You have a function expressed as a weighted sum of basis vectors in your space: e.g. f = Sigma_n x_n e_n = Sigma_n e_n (for simplicity lets say it is self dual) then take any approximation g = Sigma_n e_n now consider the residual: f - g = Sigma_n w_n e_n , clearly, for some set of weights {w_n} So this demonstrates that when you produce an error in approximation, that error itself is composed of the same building blocks (I know, this is obvious, but a lot of people miss it!). This explains why in signal processing the Gibbs ringing effect looks sinusoidal, and why errors in approximation in Haar look "blocky", etc. Aside: also, this generalizes nicely to Frame theory where you give up orthonormality (and hence energy conservation) but gain other things. That, and it's really good as an editor. A lot of commercial IDEs are very well integrated with language and toolset, but often they're really not very good text editors (Visual Studio, I'm looking at you) Where you said "likely", I think you meant "speculative". As with most nutritional information, "it's complicated" - but to suggest that there is a well demonstrated that high carbohydrate diets and plant based proteins [1] has implications for heart disease won't hold. Also [1]: why do you say low protein? Might just be my ignorance, but I would expect fairly high protein content from all the common dal, channa, etc. dishes. To be clear, I'm not saying that there isn't a dietary connection - but to say it is as simple as "carbohydrates bad, protein bad" is at best premature, but more likely just inept. edit: I shouldn't have kept the parents "high carbohydrate" language intact, as that's actually another question - is the Indian diet meaningfully "high carbohydrate" ? citations, please, demonstrating broad based acceptance of that. What little I know is from from talking scientists involved in this area who I understand to believe it is far from a known issue, so I'd be surprised to see your cites (but always happy to be wrong!) Is that both a) prevalent in the population in OP and b) enough to shift the heart disease numbers? Interesting. Did you find a breakdowns somewhere? It would be interesting to see a comparison to, say, US and EU. No, it really isn't. There isn't anything resembling scientific consensus on huge swathes of this stuff. Anything as straightforward as the claim I was responding to is an extraordinary claim. As such it requires support. Where I'm coming from is this: - If you do any sort medical research you quickly learn that demonstrating even simple causal relationships is difficult. Demonstrating it for something as difficult to control for properly as diet is extremely difficult, and it mostly fails. - The vast majority of information on dietary effects easily available to the lay public is, to put it bluntly, mostly marketing B.S. of various kinds. - I was probably being unfair to the original comment but find it frustrating the number of times you see "Oh, I'll apply flavor-of-the-year, wave my hands about the mechanism, and voila, the answer is probably X". I probably shouldn't have said anything, as it's unlikely to be productive. Again you are mentioning diabetes rates in a discussion about heart disease. Any particular reason why? I'm genuinely curious, they are related but not that strongly as I understand it. A corollary to "I stopped reading when..." is usually "I don't know enough about what they wrote to support an opinion". Alternatively with a different slant: Government policies designed to encourage private sector development of technologies in various areas have done just that. Also, Elon Musk is pretty good at utilizing them. There is a separable issue of whether or not such policies have the long term effect they target. This stuff is really easy to wrap up in political hyperbole to the point that it evades useful discussion. does 2.5.6 from http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg1/ar4-wg1-cha... address this adequately? (I was curious from your comment, but only spent a minute looking) Ah, but that's not at all the same as not addressing it, or as you state "I have never seen anyone talk about this alternative hypothesis." (of course I read it, and asked that question) They are talking about it, and saying that it's a potential source of error that nobody knows how to account for yet, which is pretty common in science. If someone can demonstrate that the potential effect is dominant, it's a real problem. If someone can demonstrate that the potential effect is trivial it can safely be left alone. Otherwise you do the best modeling you can with the best data you can and talk about the possible confounding issues as so we proceed. So I don't see any particularly damning issue here, have I missed something? It would be nice to resolve the differences between estimates. Is i the lack of analysis of radiative forcing that is bothering you? Do we have any reason to believe it can be a significant term? These sources of vapor are certainly not large (relative to total sources of water vapor in the atmosphere) so I'm not seeing the mechanism. This really isn't my area, and as always I'm more than happy to be wrong (I learn more that way). The article has problems, but that isn't one of them. He isn't talking about a resume being sent as a docx file, he's talking about a coding example being sent as a docx file with bad formatting. You're not wrong, but you have to be a bit careful with this line of reasoning when talking about compression, particularly: 4x the content in terms of pixels is not necessarily 4x the information content, and the latter is the real issue. Also worth thinking about. With transferring old film stock to digital, you have a potentially long pipeline of which compression is just that last step. I'd hesitate to blame all visual distortion (relative to the original) on compression without looking at it carefully. I found your reply confusing. Are you suggesting looking at "fancy clothes, booze, and gadgets" as an investment of some sort? To me it sounds more like NIH syndrome. Wolfram was young, smart, cocky, and didn't really know much about computation when he started - but was convinced he could do a better job if he started from scratch. Or M-LISP. Or Logo for that matter (loosely). Your point that simple regressions with small(ish) sample sets are important is valid. This: > "The vast majority of businesses will never deal with machine learning." However, is myopic. It plausibly will not hold for much longer in most areas, and is already not true for a significant number of industries. It's not as cut and dried as getting rid of licenses. A couple of examples: - some things that come with licenses are plausibly desirable (commercial insurance, say) and have no other mechanism. Yes this argues for a different solution. - adding vehicles to road networks at or near capacity (e.g. dense metro areas) can lead to systemic inefficiencies that are plausibly much worse that the positives from a putative increase in taxi efficiency. - etc. This at least deserves a broader policy discussion, and it may well turn out that in some areas there is a public policy advantage to constraining this market. I've never met him but have read some of his stuff over the years and talked to a few people who have (met him). He strikes me a clearly very smart, just not as smart as he thinks he is (not uncommon, but more rare at his level of talent I think). An aside: For what it's worth, I find the "genius" label problematic in general, not just for him. I think it's a concept that probably has useful application, but to His abilities as a technical writer are middling, unfortunately, and at some point being able to communicate your ideas is almost as important as the ideas. I too wonder how much further Mathematica could have got if he hadn't pushed away a number of clearly talented people. And this is an entirely normal usage of lisp: define a domain specific language (DSL) on top of the lisp, to manipulate the natural objects of the domain in a natural way. I've always thought Mathematica would have been a better system build on top of a "real" lisp, and would have got there faster. I've never heard any of Wolframs statements about the parallels that have made me question that, but I could be missing something. Perhaps the best property of ANKOS is that it is a clear demonstration of what sort of trouble you can get into when a book doesn't have an (effective) editor. I'm certain there is a small, interesting, well written book hiding in all that verbiage somewhere, but it's well hidden. On what basis? They are not similar in any respect that I can think of. 3D printing has had limited impact for prototyping in the many decades it has been around, and in the expected quarters. That's pretty much what every analysis I've seen except a very few boosters have predicted, for what it's worth. On the other hand ML has fundamentally changed: document processing, search engines, remote sensing, retail sales, e-commerce, etc. ; It has also strongly impacted areas of logistics and shipping, manufacturing, (e.g. computer vision & robotics), medicine, law enforcement, finance, defense, also etc. It's also poised to find market advantages in many non-obvious industries as larger scale data becomes available... unclear how far that will extend. Where's the parallel you see? No, I do not make such a confusion. I hope you do not make the converse one, of re-categorizing techniques "out" of machine learning as soon as we understand how they work. At any rate, your experience in industry seems to be quite different than mine. "More ubers actually mean less vehicles since people who would otherwise drive and park all day would take an uber" That's a pretty strong claim - where I've see uber operate the vast majority of fares seem to be people who were taking taxis anyway, they just prefer uber. Do you have evidence that uber is actually eating into private car usage in any significant way in a dense metro area? You state this in response to a comment linking to a good description of why, precisely, this is broken thinking. Did you even read it? Also, you've got Occam's razor around backwards, always a good way to cut yourself in public (Occam's razor resists adding more complexity to the solution without evidence) They are certainly replaceable, but they just as certainly not fungible. Reddit management clearly made a mistake here, not because it annoyed some moderators, but because they showed poor understanding of a fundamental part of their business (i.e. this is a lot of avoidable bad press, if nothing else) They seem to have realized this, and are working on amending process. Nothing wrong with that, this is how things can improve. That's also possible. I don't see how that is more artificial than taxing cap gains at a different rate than salary, or any number of other examples in the tax codes. All of these things are done to change the incentives about something, you can't expect them to be consistent without reference to those goals (and even then...) really? I'm honestly confused at responding to this with downvoting. I don't think it is puzzling when you recall that these concepts are larger than the US view of them and that particular encoding in the US constitution. Particular implementation details are interesting in their own right, but they are not the conversation. Well sure, one can argue with the goals of the policy (or if it is effective, or what the unintended consequences are), but these things are not "arbitrary", and tax codes are full of them. How does complaining about the SNR on reddit in a way that decreases the SNR here help anyone? That's really not specific to a non-technical founder. Or to a founder. That's not really how such statistics are useful. There may well be "hybrids" for a while (think stop the car and convert to manual mode, not switch on the fly). If self driving cars really take off, I suspect it will become a niche market pretty quickly due to pressure from a) higher costs of vehicle, b) substantially higher insurance rates and possibly c) restricted roads (e.g. major interstates switch to auto only). Perhaps you'll have status symbol sedans with a manual mode nearly nobody uses, and a number of other options that become more of an expensive hobby than a primary means of transportation. We are a ways off from this technologically, but if the tech problems can be solved, it's pretty hard to imagine it not happening. I don't really see the equivalence. The dev kit may be overpriced, but the price of a kindle isn't really a good indicator, to me. They seem like very different products. How long do you think a kindle would last out in the elements? What is the battery like? What is the I/O like? Security (physical and software)? Is the screen contrast similar? SDK support? Customizability? 60601 ? All of these things are potentially expensive to provide. Anyway, it may not be the right dev kit for your applications, but the fact that they share a display technology is a tiny piece of the puzzle. As you note, for you, the kindle might do a lot more for less cost (in which case, why not just use one?) In my experience, looking at mass produced consumer electronics is a pretty terrible way to spitball the cost of anything that isn't mass produced consumer electronics. That's lottery style thinking, and will get you the predictable results - almost certainly. Maybe turning this around will help you see how ineffectual this is: If you are a naive investor desperate to put all of your small stake into one company and I am an early stage startup, why would I want your money if I can have smart money with a good network instead? And if I can't have that, if I'm desperate for the investment, well your odds just got much, much worse. Synaptive Medical | Full Time | Onsite | Toronto We're looking for a scientific developer to help us change the way that neurosurgery is done. Someone who has significant industry experience shipping production code combined with technical background to read papers and develop algorithms. Key things we are looking for include experience with c++, numerical coding techniques, concurrency, image and signal processing techniques. Medical device industry experience is a real plus, too. For more details have a look at: http://synaptivemedical.com/careers/jobid_12/ which includes instructions for applying. http://synaptivemedical.com/ It's pretty firm a the moment, yes. Thanks for the interest though. Or maybe they froze it, like most sushi now? That would take care of the risk of worms. They had freezers available in 1905 - no idea how widespread. As far as I can see, yes, you are understanding it correctly. This discussion seems full of misinterpreting a term of art as something closer to colloquial meaning, and then drawing inferences from that. Such inferences by nature will usually be deeply flawed. Hard to say yet, but since one of the design goals of Vulkan is to address this very issue, it seems inept to assume they can't/won't improve things w.r.t drivers before there is evidence. Betting on the technological advances we haven't thought of yet to happen is pretty safe - but betting on them solving a particular current engineering challenge is a good way to fail. Quality and accountability is what happens when we pay. This may plausibly be necessary, but it certainly isn't sufficient. "Equivalent x86 Linux servers are 1/4 the price." That doesn't sound right to me. What are you considering an equivalent x86 machine? In fact I suspect that people are more likely to "do it wrong" in (some?) western populations. If you grow up in a food culture that is primarily vegetarian/vegan or at least has a subset that is, you immediately have a source of familiar recipes that will likely meet your nutritional needs. On the other hand, if all you know how to cook and all you've seen being cooked tends to rely on meat proteins for some of nutrient balance, you really need to do some research to know what to add to your diet to replace what you are taking away. This research isn't difficult, really, but it can be hard to know where to start. I suspect that if you take pretty much any traditional diet and start taking things away from it if you aren't careful you will rapidly run into deficiencies. I suppose an argument for the recent, significant, western trend to over consumption of macro nutrients has an upside in that even if your diet is fairly (but not seriously) unbalanced, if you eat enough of it you tend to mostly get the nutrients you need.... No. It would be ironic is if it stopped working at all with no notification. As it is they are just demonstrating competence at scaling. I think it is crazy that something as simple as keeping time can have such a complicated solution at that sort of scale. Time keeping is one of the things that is most often underestimated and screwed up at any scale, in my experience. Many a subtle bug turns out to be a poor assumption or misunderstanding about how clocks work. Or calendars. Sorry - missed this somehow. People have mentioned distributed transactions and security, another area is synchronizing modeling with (hard or soft) real time inputs from separate hardware. There are a bunch of ways to get yourself tied up in knots once at least 2 physical bits of hardware are involved. It's not always effective - many developers will often save minutes of thinking by spending hours dicking about in a debugger and setting up state. But it is true that for some types of bugs a step debugger is damn handy. And for some types, mostly a distraction. They can, and do if they are being sensible. One of your fairly early hires should be a real finance person (not an executive but someone experienced enough to take over the day to day effectively). Not doing this is false economy. Well before that point, you should have a contract accountant of course. A more charitable reading would be that the poster is affected by the realization that people of their genetic heritage were recently treated that way, not that they are claiming it is especially bad somehow because of the people it happened to. What they were wrong about was the importance of early mover advantages. There is also a tendency to underestimate the "early mover disadvantage", if you will - if you move too early you risk ending up being little more than a detailed market study for a company that will succeed with your idea a few years later. The current wave of delivery and mobile services includes lots of ideas people were chuckling about in 2000, but now they are functioning pretty well. I hadn't heard of Chlorine, so this is effective as an intro/demo. The implementation you use is the textbook "toy" one, though, which is a bit oversimplified and probably biases the perceived speedup. Simple and brute force often favors GPU implementation, whereas the communication can really hurt you in a more realistic algorithm. It would be interesting to see what your comparison looks like with at least a spatial subdivision and connectivity analysis (the most obvious algorithmic speed up), proper anti-aliasing and a functional zoom. Even better if you did interior/exterior distance estimation... You probably didn't mean it this way, but I'd like to point out that formal validation certainly isn't incompatible with "agile" approaches, but it won't work the way that most people practice it. At the systems level you often have a mix of both classes (like your Xray example, typically). And there is often a third path "failure has a well defined mitigation path" in the mix, also. You often can, but they are not fungible. This is important. The only reason this is much of a story at all is that the "affair" angle makes for very marketable stories. Otherwise this is strictly dog bites man. Above I was suggesting additions to the existing demo, the straightforward computation of Mandelbrot membership isn't how you would really do it if you care about performance or accuracy. Do any of those modifications appeal? I understand it was student work, but everything I suggested is fairly straightforward. Are you really suggesting oligarchies are desirable? Because that was the result of much of this redistribution. This makes me wonder what people working in advertisement are thinking of their jobs. Isn't that the entire point of the article, more or less? I think it's slightly more subtle than that. Often people have the information they need to make a rational decision, but they choose to discount, ignore, or misinterpret it. No decision based on this choice can meaningfully be called "rational" without stretching the definition of rationality to the useless. This is quite different that making a rational decision based on incomplete or imperfect information. Modeling human beings as rational actors, even in aggregate, is often a deeply flawed approximation for this reason. Isn't Reyes essentially a speed hack [1]? As so, is it particularly relevant to learn about today in introductory material? [1] by which i mean, inferior estimation of BSDF on/in model, but much much faster. Isn't that complimentary to what I said though? You could presumably get the same result by just path tracing the whole thing, so all you've gained is speed at the cost memory. I didn't mean speed hack in a pejorative way. I understand why you might want to do this in practice, but it still doesn't seem to be that important to teach as an introduction. Am I missing something? In "regular" Reyes (and I may just have this wrong - I was unaware that the hybrid technique you describe was common) I though you were a) locally approximating surfaces and b) applying local shaders. These shaders are typically inferior estimates of the BSDF at that location compared to other techniques, but can be very memory efficient. In the hybrid approach you describe, you avoid at least (b) above by doing the shaders by path tracing, say, but localized to where your rasterizer has discovered. So you aren't benefiting in anything but speed, so this seem more an implementation detail than anything fundamental. So I don't see how dropping this sort of detail from any introductory course is anything but sensible. There should probably be a discussion of space/speed/distributional issues in general, but at a higher level. Again, I'm not questioning why anyone would want to implement it, just why anyone would find it odd to leave out from an introductory course. If your founder(s) aren't listening to senior members on things like this, run don't walk. You are confusing the "the internet" with "the web". The internet has been around for about as long as it's been sensible to describe an online culture. While in the early days (e.g. 70's, 80's) the internet certainly wasn't the only network to be influencing culture (c.f. FidoNet) it was a primary source, particularly via university campuses. one is that it is extremely clear what the code is doing, while the functional case needs some thought to understand; In my experience this is just familiarity, and I've experienced it in both directions. Exactly - the internet had been a big contributor to online culture through the 70s. Of course this stuff all had precursors in things like ham radio, model trains, etc. but it's not really sensible to identify those as "online". Nothing springs from the void. Nice to get called "young man" though, it's been a while :) [edited, after parent was] Do we have any evidence for that view? There is at least some evidence for the converse. Telomere shortening would be one example which, if there is no mitigation possible (and we don't have one or know that one is possible) is a pretty hard limit. That's why I said "some evidence" not "strong evidence", we haven't proven that there is an unavoidable hard limit, but a) we have no evidence that there isn't and b) we know of several mechanisms that look like they may be hard limits. Austin really isn't representative of, well, nearly anywhere else in Texas. This has good and bad aspects. "manufacture the luck" If you can manufacture it, it isn't luck, period. And you need some luck to succeed. Your broader point stands though, you miss 100% of the opportunities you didn't show up for. I like that much better. Luck is when things fall out better than you could reasonably have expected. Opportunities are something you can work for. No, luck is when your manage to get a sample that is much better than the expectation value. Of course this has to happen for some people, some of the time - but counting on it is irrational. There is nothing lucky about merely resampling until in expectation you should see the result you want. That's just doing the work. I think the distinction is important. There is a pernicious lie we tell, culturally, about success as if it were a matter of worth and effort. The truth is most success has a strong element of luck, and many failures as well. He was much the same about his scientific work as I recall, it's standard Wolfram M.O. : discount, ignore, or attempt to outright claim credit for the fundamental work of others (preferably without mentioning them by name) while puffing up your own contributions. It's an unfortunate and deep character flaw, but he still has made some interesting contributions that are worth evaluating on their own merits (neither as fundamental nor as impactful as he would suggest, typically) Conference papers aren't much use here, really. I'm no expert, but in your shoes I would be looking for the most experienced panel I can find, hopefully with neuro specialists preferably (e.g. a neuro-radiologist, neuro-oncologist, etc. as specialists). If there is a teaching hospital with a good reputation in your area they may be more current on techniques than a purely clinical one (but this isn't hard and fast). Don't ever be afraid to ask questions, and keep at it until get a clear explanation of the panels reasoning behind their suggestions. Best luck to you and your relative. True, to a point. Geography should affect planning, but we haven't done a particularly good job of that in many cases. There is also a real danger of a sunk cost fallacy being applied to the later (existing infrastructure), for example. And if that's how you are measuring "success", then you obviously made the right choice for you. Don't get me wrong, I left academia (albeit further on) and think there are lots of sensible reasons to leave. However if the relatively low pay is either a) a surprise to you or b) a known problem for you when entering a PhD program - then you just didn't do your homework and probably shouldn't have entered the program. Of course sometimes it takes a while to work this out for yourself. With a few very specific exceptions, entering a PhD program for the money is inept. Correct. The 23 and Me decision was things working the way that they should. Total lifetime earnings is a great way to measure success, from the perspective of how the 7 billion people on this planet, minus you, value your work. If you value your own work differently, that's fine, but yours will be the minority opinion. No, that approach largely misses the point. I agree with you about the problem of young people not knowing what they are getting into, and entirely agree that people should do other work before committing to a lot of education (the "real world" distinction is false). In fact the first advice I would give almost anyone considering graduate school is: do something else first. But lifetime earnings is a terrible metric for success. It's a pretty good metric for what other people are willing to pay for your time, sure. And it absolutely is something you should think about in how you structure your life. And it absolutely is something a lot of young people do not think about enough. Fundamentally, money is a tool that constrains the choices you have. For most people, acquiring it also constrains the choices you have. These things are unavoidably in some tension. Most people I know would be happy to get paid more for what they are currently doing. Far fewer would be nearly as happy to get paid significantly more for the types of significant changes it would make in their lives, considering only the real options they actually have. Most, if not all, of the people I know who are happiest with how things have worked out are not on track to anywhere near their maximum possible lifetime earnings. Several people I know who are near that track are miserable (not all, by any means). The reason for this is that most people will have or can make the opportunity at some time in their lives to earn more money in exchange for things like: much more responsibility, much more stress, much less "free" time, much more travel, much less interesting or rewarding work, etc. The reason this comes up so often is that one of the the things the 7 billion people on this planet often are willing to pay your for is to do stuff that they would really rather not have to, things that are fairly objectively not much fun. If you can find fulfillment in it, all the power too you. Trying to measure success this way ignores most of what is fundamentally important in a life. You're far better off looking at how you've managed to balance your own goals and your ability to make those happen. It can be hard when you are twenty-two and trying to figure this stuff out, but one part of growing up is realizing that there isn't any universal yardstick or best path, and you have to work out your own path. It really is as simple as that iff you never use your personal device for any business purpose. [update] This was unclear: I'm saying this relationship is simple if and only if you have not used your devices for business purposes. If you have, you need only hope that none of the clauses in your agreements (you did have a lawyer review these?) cover it. MathML is not a full replacement for TeX, and if we are talking about actual publication of papers/books rather than web content then neither HTML nor MathML are really up for the job. "then you'd see millionaire sewage maintenance technicians and pizza delivery guys" No, not at all - I wasn't suggesting anything quite so simple and I think any charitable reading would realize that. What I'm suggesting is that for any individual skill set and current career X, there are often (almost always, in my experience) more lucrative but similar jobs available X' which are going to be more rewarding monetarily and less rewarding in other ways. Most people reach a point where the latter outweighs the former. You completely mis-parsed "money is a tool that constrains the choices you have" is so backwards as to be laughable." - you are actually agreeing with me. The amount of money you have access to constrains choices you have(or in your words, opportunities). The point is, it is hardly the only such constraint, and if you fail to consider the other ones, you largely miss the point. Yeah, the "all jobs are drudge work" theory does not pass muster with me good thing that isn't what I suggested, then. Well, 2nd comment and you've already done your part to make it a low quality discussion. So that doesn't bode well. I agree with this if you amend it to "... they believe it is much ..." It is usually faster (some metros excepted) and usually more reliable, but people seem to consistently underestimate how much they spend on their cars. If you live in a major metro area (not its suburbs) my guess is that public transit is usually much cheaper. It certainly is in the ones I have lived in. If you've got a decent transit system (and that's a big if in North America), of course. On the other hand, there are plenty of living arrangements that make transit impractical. Is account management really a burden, or an excuse? For many typical usages, it's a one time setup on a dedicated device or two. For people who bounce devices a lot, there are password managers. I understand many people prefer to torrent, but a lot of the rationalization doesn't make much sense to me. It might be dead for a good reason. I've heard lots of articulate arguments for reforming the copyright system, and "The idea that everyone would just transition to a gift culture and give artists a big hug ..." has not been part of any of them. At the very least copyright reform and "gift culture" are very distinct ideas. This is likely due to distribution rights for many media (e.g. books, films) typically being regional, and separately negotiated. I suspect it's a bit less compelling in many north american cities (price of fuel, etc.), but savings of a few thousand dollars/ year are certainly possible in some locations. well done. Which is (part of) what makes this an unrealistic assumption. Am I the only one who believes "TL;DR" adds negative value here (in general, not just your contribution) ? The problem is that often the TL;DR is shorter than the article, but also incorrectly represents it or is sometimes just plain wrong. Following this leads you to an misinformed decision, not an informed one. True, but in my experience that overwhelming majority. They often (usually?) will leave some small change though. Panhandlers are common targets of theft, which may explain stashing most of what they get in various places less exposed. I see the "how [some of them] can be used [in numpy]" part there, it looks pretty good for that purpose. However, it really isn't much of an introduction to what wavelets are, or what they might be good for in general and why. They actually have made pretty big inroads into signal processing and functional analysis more generally, they just aren't a shiny new thing anymore. They are quite interesting mathematical objects. I think their study was hindered somewhat for a while by functional analysts thinking they were too applied and engineers thinking they were too abstract. At least for specific instances (e.g. "reputation management") such services have existed for a while. Haven't (particularly longer distance) triathalons always been a runners race? How did she ruin things? Everything you say above clearly puts the blame on the selection process and those who ran it. What I'm doing matters less to me than why and with whom. That's a perfectly reasonable answer (fleshed out a bit) to the question. The follow up questions are going to kill you though, if the interviewer is any good. This is actually a pretty good question, handled properly. I don't disagree that probation is useful in ways you can't reproduce in an interview, but you should be filtering well enough that you rarely drop someone during the probation. It is very common in my experience, and in some places entrenched in law if I recall correctly. It's also not uncommon for benefits to be contingent on this period. The question is bad because it's basically encouraging you to lie No, it really isn't. Being unable or unwilling to engage with the question meaningfully is a useful signal in an of itself. But think of this another way around: Sometimes hiring managers are currently trying to fill N positions, with a few more that are opening soon but aren't even posted yet. You may be interviewing for job A when and even better fit, job B, is on offer if you don't play around with this sort of questioning. It's a shame to miss opportunities like that... The problem with "what is your greatest weakness?" and the like is that the person asking doesn't actually want an honest answer. I'd probably re-word the OP's question a little bit to make it more clear, but it is a fundamentally different style of question, and can be quite useful. Personally, I prefer the European model - wear a seatbelt and you'll be fine, don't and it's on you. The other way around is kind of insane - you increase the risk for everybody who is using their safety equipment properly, for the benefit of those who can't be bothered. 5 point harnesses are completely impractical with many types and styles of clothing. I don't know if you can legally install one to replace your 3 point by choice, but if you mandated them I suspect seat belt usage would plummet, which seems counterproductive. For that matter, mandated helmet usage would improve many types of injuries, but I don't see that flying either. From a public safety point of view, many of these decisions are more about balancing compliance and safety, rather than safety alone. They have gotten a bit more restrictive. In my experience The burden for SR&ED isn't actually too bad if you know what you are doing. Startups typically run into trouble with because they didn't document things as they went, and scramble near filing time. For what its worth, it can be done successfully for considerably less effort than that. I have had success redlining a contract with similar terms, it certainly isn't unheard of. I think the original post was pointing more at a problem of investors pressuring companies to file for SR&ED (and to get the credits) even when they were not really applicable. I don't see how this is a problem with the program, rather than the investors, though. When you actually are doing appropriate work, it has been reasonably manageable to both get and keep them. I have also, contra the OP, seen this work with 3rd party help on filing, although I wouldn't be surprised if this raises the scrutiny. That's true. And of course large companies will work through modifications to your contract too, but only for a handful of those 10,000+ employees. Not sure why you are getting downvoted. Houston's lack of zoning laws (there are HOAs, mind) has certainly created its own set of problems. A friend of mine once described it as less of a city and more of a vast collection of suburbs connected by strip malls - and that isn't entirely unfair. Whether you view it as "horrible sprawl" or "affordable housing" sort of depends on where you sit, I guess. re: edit Have you tried being funnier? Not sure if you are aware of this, but statements like: "This is typical of the left wing." Can at best undermine whatever point you are trying to make. While there is a lot of truth in this, there is also a common flaw in this presentation: Every success has a significant element of luck involved. While nearly everyone at the top of their game has worked harder than many of their peers, it's not true that everyone who worked as hard as they did has "made it". In a (particularly) full contact sport, part of this comes from injury, obviously - and it is a very real possibility for anyone trying to get there. That was in fact a point I was making. You may have chased a point there but you failed to make it. In practice almost all such statements (I do not differentiate the style of partisanship) are some combination of disingenuous, lazy, or unintelligent. They are far too broad a brush to be on point, and far too divisive to use unadvisedly. So much so that there is a vanishingly small chance that the addition of such a statement was both necessary to your point, and improves your clarity of argument. If your intent is intelligent discourse, compelling argument, or even just getting your opinion across clearly then use of this sort of language is actively counter to your purpose. Other aims exist, clearly. This is another issue where the definition of "right" is somewhat complicated. It's more of an issue where you didn't read the article, and are talking about something irrelevant to its points. Presumably because you thought you knew what it was about from the title or a quick skim. What purpose does that serve? I don't know anything about this particular filing, but the FDA is primarily concerned with you having demonstrated safety and efficacy. For this reason, I would suspect the new reports will not include anything that they could not provide scientific evidence for effective differentiation, as well as anything without convincing argument that a report would not increase workup rates, etc. with some inherent risk. It was too little, too late. They were roughly as good as a well established option, with a better ecosystem. There is nothing compelling about that, and as noted the dedicated player was about to get its lunch eaten (not that anybody knew this). Trust has already been broken there. If the job is a bait and switch, why would you expect someone to stay if they have other options? I think what they really meant was that this program would be similar to (one year of) a top masters or Ph.D program, which would be plausible. Your inference of 2x doesn't meet the giggle test. It's going to vary person to person of course, but I'd expect the learning rate to be at best about the same as a top program. "there were so many bad apples in those fields that society is rapidly losing its collective trust in authority" Assumes facts not in evidence. I think it's fair to say that some of the tribalism currently evident in social and political argument is expressed as a broad based distrust and disregard for science, but that doesn't seem to be based on any rational analysis or actual knowledge, but more on internally propagated mythology. Assumes fact visible to the naked eye if you just go out and took to normal people. Well, no, which was the point. Some normal people, absolutely. Others, not at all. To characterize this as "society" is inept. One of the problems with making sense of society as a concept is that these sort of generalizations tend to have little value as they occlude more than they illuminate. Possibly a variant of the "hard cases make bad law" issue. Finding a bright line differentiation between formation of a company for "legitimate" (what does that even mean?) reasons vs. tax avoidance/optimization is likely impossible. It's quite likely that even pursuing this in legislation would only result in a net loss due to regulatory burden etc. without any real gain. net neutrality always matters. That largely misses (Dijkstra's, originally) point. How control flow is implemented at a low level (e.g. jmp/lngjmp) is a completely separable from how it should be exposed in a language. Wearing a c programmers' hat you may say "absolutely", a scheme programmers' hat, perhaps "no way". Horses for courses after all. It is a pretty sad state of affairs if you really need a licence to explicitly stop people from being ass-hats. Licenses are a way of codifying rights and responsibilities. Ass-hattery is often completely orthogonal to this concern. Just because I have the right to do something doesn't mean I should, and it doesn't mean I am not being a jerk by exercising that right it certain contexts. Pivoting doesn't make a lot of sense in this space. However it is entirely possible to be agile and (relatively) fast in this space - not by breaking rules but by designing the process to be light where it can, detailed where it must. And then paying attention to how it is working and improving it constantly. You can probably cut time to market in half relative to industry averages this way, which is nothing to sneeze at. that's a difference in opinion Indications for use aren't a matter of opinion. 23AndMe clearly screwed up there, but I agree it was a different nature of screw up. "short-term" means being unemployed or unemployable for a while. If you add the caveat that "for a while" might in practice equal "several generations" for comparable employment, this is true. See for ex. industrial revolution. The hard truth is that to the degree that these things do work as a simplistic free market model might predict (and that is clearly arguable) they may operate on time scales that will do nothing to alleviate to problems the changes cause. ...I find to be 10,000x worse than the functional equivalent. ironic. What entitled nonsense. *.txt.gz is not a problem for anyone of even minimum competence. Procedural or imperative would be fine. "Functional" implies functions as first class objects, which is exactly what is being demonstrated. More to the point, your real complaint is that you only know one way to "give your programs structures". This is absolutely not a problem of functional style, but of your own understanding. A separate issue is how successful functional styles are in c++, but they have been there for ages (c.f. the STL). It's better than ok to be confused by new things, it's a great place to learn from. I agree basically here, but not at all with your original. We're off on a tangent. But first class was a bit slopy of me. Anyway, there is a long history of trying to adopt a functional style to c++ in a way that makes sense for a static, weakly type language without garbage collection. After all, this is basically what the STL was all about. Undoubtably using the modern c++ lambda can make this style of code clearer and better structured. One could argue, I suppose, that it's still a bad approach - but it's not any easy argument in general. Requiring first class functions to always be named isn't such a great idea (not speaking of c++ here), but it is true anonymous functions can be abused. It's a great way to quickly learn about ideas and vocabulary in a field, but it's riddled with misconceptions, misinterpretations, deceptive slants, and other errors. In other words, it's an encyclopedia. This domain is unique in that it's not a good idea to read. crazy talk. Sure, learn by doing; but there are great resources to help you understand far, far faster than you ever will by experimenting alone. If nothing else, there is good code to read, and classic texts. You stated "This domain is unique in that it's not a good idea to read." This is just not true in either of its claims. It's not even useful hyperbole, really, it's just wrong. Graphics programming is exactly like other domains of technical development, you will learn best by a combination of reading good summaries/examples of what is known, doing work on your own (not cutting corners), and talking to people that know more about that you do. Glad it worked for you, but that doesn't make it good advice. And doesn't change the lack of uniqueness. It's usually a mistake to generalize from your own experience, when thinking about pedagogy. I'd wager that most people would do ok following that advice as if it were true ... But not as well as if they'd read as well. That's a very professional process. Sad, but true. Not about the Swift part (I have no opinion there) but about the analysis and review of shipped bugs. It should really be "that's an industry standard practice", but a huge amount of software development seems to be done in ways that don't have any systematic way to attempt to learn from mistakes. I've always sort of disliked that one, because there are very good reasons that it is difficult for programmers to write programs the way builders/engineers build physical infrastructure. However, there are not any good reasons to avoid improving your process and output iteratively via feedback. Yes that is equally true, but with different implications. Alternatively, could this particular post could be seen as a signal in contrast to some of the very anti scientific policies of his predecessor ? I've used this method many, times (a few hundred, say) and it works fairly well, but definitely not 100% success on peeling. Also some variability on yolk consistency. This is very true. Given that you have enough iodine in your diet though, avoiding it in seasoning is sensible. By the time the cooking is done, I'd bet cash money no one can tell the difference. I suspect you'd lose that bet - informally I've tried many experiments with iodized and non-iodized salts, and the iodine can change flavor. Besides that, one of the main reasons to use different salts is crystal size which can have significant effect (depends on what you are doing, obviously). For example, koshering salt is called that because of its use in koshering meats, where the large crystal structure helps control absorption. Likewise in "finishing" applications. Isn't this the entire point of the exercise? It certainly doesn't seem to be about consumers. and choosing to let people do things that are bad for them doesn't mean there's anything wrong with the society. True, but the discussion doesn't end there. For example: ".. and leaving them to suffer with the consequences of their actions " vs. " ... and supporting them through the negative consequences if it doesn't go well" are very different responses, and certainly do reflect on the society in question. Some societies prefer strong individual rights and others prefer a strong state that tells them what to do. That sounds like a false dichotomy. It isn't a choice between institutionalizing people or leaving them to fend for themselves entirely. Whether private or public, the choices made on this spectrum absolutely do reflect on the society making them. You could buy a lot of ready meals (which are just food that's been prepared offsite in bulk) You can't buy a really good meal this way though, for love or money. So, to the degree that technology can help average people do more in the kitchen it could be genuinely useful. I have no opinion on how likely the tech in the article is to actually do that. Shipping is very cheap. Smelting (aluminum) is expensive. I'm going to guess that most scrap is recycled locally, but shipping bauxite to China and buying back bulk aluminum is cheaper than doing it locally. Is recycling done this way also? By that, I mean product-based businesses with at most a few million in revenue, a 5ish person team, a solid sustainable market position, and no desire to revolutionize any unicorns. I believe this used to just be called "a small business". Not a terribly new idea, but being rediscovered perhaps by tech people? SR&ED can work very well for its intended audience. Most of the really vocal complaints I've heard were from people and companies that really shouldn't have applied in the first place. However, I agree that there is confusion and external pressure to apply which doesn't help things at all. Most startups, don't do this sort of R&D at all (or hardly at all). you wouldn't qualify for SR&ED because you were successful, so there was obviously no risk involved, There are all kinds of risks you face that have nothing to do with SR&ED. I'm not surprised you had a difficult audit if you were talking about things like "explaining polymorphism and encapulation" - sounds a description of activities in software development that are clearly not SR&ED-able. I was reacting to the definition of "lifestyle business" not the label. I don't think passive income is needed at all, I think "lifestyle business" is a useful definition for making tradeoffs in your business decisions in favor of your lifestyle. e.g. setting up a consulting business in a small coastal town because you like to surf every morning, even though it costs you potential business. To my mind, that's certainly a "lifestyle business". Doing this with a product business is harder but not impossible. There is a difference between a "liberal arts career" and a "liberal arts education". Arguably the latter is exactly what you describe (supplementing). In my experience (just as a client) Chase is very happy to act unilaterally and without communication. On the other hand, as an ex-client I have the option of just never dealing with them again. Can't speak for poster but I suspect this is being used pejoratively in the context of "lifestyle business" == "living off passive income". Same could be said for opium. Nobody else's business so long as you aren't committing fraud or breaking a contract, aren't avoiding alimony or other legal commitments, have paid (all of) your taxes, haven't stolen it, aren't money laundering, etc. Not quite so simple after all. What is basically desirable is that (some kinds of) transactions can be made anonymously. The article is pretty clear about this too - higher bitdepths and sampling rates can be quite useful in mixing and recording situations. They're pointless for playback. No, dithering (properly) is usually what you should be doing when you quantize. See Vanderkooy and Lipshitz 1987 for why. You dither before quantization in order to decorrelate the quantization error. If you don't do this, you risk artifacts in any digital filtering (or for that matter, playback) done afterwards. This includes any requantization. In audio if I recall correctly it is also important to avoid obvious noise modulation. If your mastering is done competently, you really aren't going to be able to hear it in a realistic scenario. Which is why: "Talking about dynamic range completely misses the point." isn't really sensible. It's the use of dynamic range that decides how much useful resolution you have when quantizing a signal. This is really why higher bit depths on record and mixing are useful - they let you be sloppier with the inputs without losing much information before you've had a chance to work with it. It still doesn't gain you anything fundamental but it does mean if you got the levels a bit wrong you can salvage it. Higher bit rates here are excellent. There is nothing magic about 24 bits here. Record something with 48 bits but set up your equipment all screwy so your only actually using the first 8 bits... and you've got an effectively 8 bit recording. In real world applications the codec is giving you trouble with the low amplitude stuff, not the quantizer. Not that in realistic situations your equipment is likely to be able to generate this cleanly anyway. "24-bit doesn't need tricks like dither - because it does the job properly in the first place." No. Dither isn't a trick, it is a fundamental approach to quantization error at any depth. On playback, the issue goes the other way around. If you've mastered things correctly you'll be using the available dynamic range of the output in such a way that the information content of your signal is well represented. This is sufficient at CD rates for all practical listening scenarios. If we get hung up on every abuse of terminology we run into, nobody will get anything useful done. At this point the name is well established. If it makes you feel better, just remember to tag "artificial" on to the beginning, nobody will mind. I don't know how you can dismiss an entire country because of one person's move. You can't, at least not without appearing foolish. You can certainly discuss trends in education and work crossing that border, but they aren't simple or one sided. Might one conclude that getting hung up on one opinion from a large group of people projected forward in time is... not very useful? Float may be evil, but if so they are often a necessary evil. This is probably fair - selection bias on my side as I mostly do numerical algorithms. Arguably, but it isn't a very good argument in 2015. There is a chicken and egg problem here, also. Many labs don't have any really competent software people in place, which means they don't have effective mentoring and training of new people as they join, which means they don't have a solid mechanism for generating competence in this area (unlike the focus area of their research). A lot of research code is writing in fits and starts by a revolving door of post docs and graduate students, who don't understand software development, supervised by people who also don't understand software development. The results are really hit and miss, dependent mostly on individuals desire to learn these things outside of their area, or on the luck of hiring the right student or post doc who already happens to know quite a bit (but this probably isn't why you hired them). Some labs know they have this problem but have a structural issue with funding - they can't possibly come up with a competitive salary. Others don't even realize it's a problem. You end up with a lot of people coming out of these labs with deep domain knowledge but only rudimentary software engineering skill. From an industry point of view it becomes hard to hire many of them because they will need the same amount of supervision and mentoring as an entry level programmer for the first year or two, but if you're running an R&D group you often don't have enough mentors to go around... so there is a shortage of people with 3-5 years of industry experience and an oversupply of those with 0. To me it seems unclear that the threat of this sort violence from gun owners has actually been a significant consideration or relevance for many decades, despite the mythology surrounding it. As opposed to the demonstrably effective threat of organized political action by gun right advocates, say. Machine learning is fundamentally mathematical, so you can't expect to completely avoid it without remembering or learning at least a little bit of the maths. Trying to avoid it all won't do you any favors, it will just mean you can't understand what is going on. On the other hand, the math you absolutely need to follow along is pretty straightforward, so you can hopefully find tutorials that emphasize the applications and graphic examples of what is going on. The place discussed in the article isn't a national park. Are you making that distinction because it is managed by Fish and Wildlife as a "National Wildlife Reserve" ? That doesn't seem particularly useful. For scale, the United Kingdom is ~60 million acres How is that a relevant scale? The ratio of parkland/total area compared across countries I could see, but what relevance does the total size of the UK have? Makes sense. I think the overall size isn't that interesting though, without scaling by what you are actually doing with it. Stop trying to make C++ happen, it's not going to happen. That isn't rude or trollish, but it is inept. This is a misreading of imposter syndrome, at least how I understand it to work and how it has been used in common parlance around me. Granted that has included a lot of academic circles and math/physics types, not only programmers. Imposter syndrome refers to beliefs about your own lack of competence, skill, experience or whatever - in contradiction to good evidence to the contrary. And the uneasy feeling that you're going to be "found out" at any moment. As such I think it is a useful characterization, and understanding it will help you mentor some people more effectively. It's even worse than that, people are generally not good about making accurate observations about themselves, too many cognitive biases. Joe asks if there are any new developer docs. “No, unfortunately,” says .... This is the real problem. Arguing about mitigation strategies is less important than planning for onboarding. But politics isn't really part of that Politics has been fundamentally coupled with entertainment at the very least since it began being televised. More accurate if you were interested in time. But the comparison is physical volume, the reordering is fine with the annotation. It's not like the alternatives lack indignities, though. "is a little cheaper (1 person), about the same (2 pers) ..." Living in any city with a decent transit infrastructure (I know, that isn't by any means all the medium-large cities in north america) this calculation really isn't realistic. It's more like owning a car is 4-8x as expensive as transit (only), so your break even is more like the 3-4 people. The calculation changes a little bit if you live in the suburbs, but it is still more expensive than most people realize to maintain a car (mostly people do this calculation wrong by ignoring depreciation and incidental costs, even financing) For what it is worth, in the downtown area I live in, average monthly parking rates are about the same cost as unlimited transit usage.... This doesn't speak to your other points, and I totally get why people want to own cars, but they should be realistic about the choices. In several cities I've lived in, it is entirely possible to a) not own a car b) have unlimited transit pass plus c) take a cab back from groceries every weekend plus d) rent a car or trunk whenever you need it on a weekend -- and still end up a couple thousand dollars ahead (or more) at the end of the year. And that's assuming a cheap car. Sure, it doesn't apply to everyone's situations but it's also not terribly unusual. Yes, it's unfortunately sloppy and overstates the case, but there is interesting material in there. I've been wondering what is the analogue of syntax highlighting for natural languages. Typography. Cool idea, but as many have pointed out there are some potential issues with the execution. I'd suggest you get an additional formal legal opinion on applicability of HIPPA as well, it would be financial painful (up to something like $250k/record if I recall correctly) for you to get caught on the wrong side of that one. You should also (already) have a proper formal ERB. While we work through our protocol we will continue to dive into ethics and safety. This part, for what it's worth, is ass backwards. For what it's worth, the latter does not imply the former. But your broader point stands. mainly white suburbanites who haven't looked at the history. Many of them are mainly white suburbanites who are uncomfortable with the implications of the history, and choose rather to ignore it or paper it over (with "well, our family was different because...). Perfectly understandable, of course. This is and instance of the sensitivity and specificity trade offs and it is fundamental. It would be interesting to see some estimated ROC curves for "terrorist" screening approaches... In favor of what? There are lots of things it would be crazy to write in c++ in 2015 ... on the other hand there are some things that really don't have compelling alternatives. That is unfair. JonnieCache didn't bring this up, in response to what reads as an honest response by someone not familiar with Wolfram. This quote is a succinct way of pointing out that Wolfram is, in fact, famously lacking in humility and self awareness, to the degree that many find it detracts from his legitimate achievements. Your analysis is sloppy on several fronts. 1) Medicine and Law are professions, programming is not. You could arguably compare to CS professors, but that's still apples and oranges. 2) It doesn't make any sense to compare (peak, median, whatever) yearly salaries when you have wildly different career paths (e.g. 0 years of school vs. 10+) , debt, etc. What you want is lifetime earnings. 3) Lawyers in general don't make anything like what you think they do. Doctors distribution is also lower than your range suggests. You are right that some of these professions offer, for a smallish number of people, a clear path to a solid upper middle class salary (and few options outside of that). Isn't this more like returning to an "old style"?