What are your thoughts on combining the programming subreddit and this site? I know I'm probably just bringing up an issue that has been beaten to death somewhere in a hideously long thread, but consciousness makes me think strong AI is impossible. This is my line of thought: 1. Consciousness is essential to human intelligence, because our great mental advances come from our awareness, and objective description, of our own mind and thought processes. 2. A consciousness is by definition irreplicable, since two different consciousnesses are essentially different. 3, If strong AI is possible (and computational), and there is no essential difference between copies of the same code, then multiple identical copies of the same IA mind can be made. 4. If 1 and 2 hold, then 3 is false. Therefore, strong AI is impossible. If any of these assumption need elaboration, let me know. And please, by all means, direct me to that hideously long thread instead of answering my argument in detail. I don't like to waste people's time. Much obliged. Cool, thanks for the reply. Well, if consciousness/free will an illusion, doesn't the notion of illusion require a consciousness to be having the illusion? And why does it make sense to say we have to act as if we can choose to act in order to act, if it's an illusion? Yeah, I know the arguments in the end tend to boil down to: we're just matter, therefore all intelligence is AI, QED. But, can we go the other way? AI is logically impossible, therefore we're not just matter. That's why I'm interested in the purely logical case for AI here. As for whether it is meaningful to say we aren't just matter, it seems so on the surface of things. Most of oure concepts that we use to communicate aren't material, especially if consciousness is an illusion. I.e. there is no such physical thing as 'red.' Yet, we still seem to communicate quite effectively, even better than when restricting ourselves to purely physical terms. At least in terms of thought experiments, it makes no sense to me. Think about it like this. If I can copy my consciousness and place it in a different environment, then I should be aware of that other environement at the same time I'm aware of this one. But for this to happen, information has to be transported from both locations to eachother in no time. While pretty awesome if true, the laws of physics don't allow for this, as far as I know. So if I said I was going to give you immortality by copying your consciousness, but you wouldn't be aware, wouldn't you feel gypped? I like what they do with microfinancing in india. Give someone a little bit of money to start a simple street business, i.e. food vendor, and only give him a bit more if needed to help his business run. The real problem is throwing money at problems without much thought. We westerners have done this way too much. Kids' creativity and problem solving abilities are significantly underestimated. It would be cool if scientist could record their research in a machine understandable format. Then people could either state their assumptions or conclusions and the computer would provide the other side, or state what information is missing. Oh, I know that scientist currently use computers to prove things. I mean as a general method of organizing and correlating knowledge that anyone could use. I've seen a similar project, an ontological Wikipedia, but it's probably too tedious for the general practitioner. Though I'd agree with his portrayal of 7 Habits. Reads kind of like those How To Get Rich books that are meant to get the author rich. Machiavelli seems to have gone through a lot of trouble just to write a satire. Hack hack hack? Hackity hacka hack. Hack hack hack! It's generally been said that sin pays of in the short term, while being very bad in the long term. I've started listening to my body more than the experts. After all, it has alot more experience than they do. Traditionally, man has two kinds of intellectual abilities: contemplative and practical. The only time the purely practical is best is when you aren't supposed to think critically. Hijack that google image labelling game idea and apply it to something like WoW. Basically, make an open platform that encodes computer AI hard problems humans can solve easily into a MMOPRG format. Generic combiner of web 2.0 apps. Not the same as a personalized homepage, e.g. google's homepage. The system would work with any web 2.0 app that provided an API, and would either give users an easy plug and play method of combining the apps to create something new, with easy app discovery; or use AI to resolve general goals. Basically, SOA on a global scale. autodidact - state the subject area you want to learn and it presents the best resources for learning the subject. Someone has to make sure the hackers aren't hacking things up. (Btw, how about a couple synonyms for 'hacker?') Isn't yahoo pipes just rss feeds? The google game was kind of fun. Another unoriginal example would be using RTS games for real wargaming. I haven't come up with a good characterization for the general case though. As #4 lite, it'd be cool to have a subreddit here for people to submit ideas. Then all us slackers can feel useful, and maybe make some money. I think the more important thing is depth and rigor. To have truly original ideas, we need to understand the underpinnings of our current civilization. Otherwise, many 'innovations' are merely going back down the path we came from. I had an undergrad education like this. We went through the main books of the Western canon, and instead of being lectured at all the time, most of what we did was creative and rigorously scholarly. We'd read a couple classics a week, with a couple class debates/discussions concerning the works. Then, we'd have to write a thesis every semester. Finally, we were highly encouraged to do important extra-curricular activities such as acting or music. Probably one of the best educations you can get in the US. What, you sleep and eat or something? Psshh, mere mortal. Here's a similar question I asked in proggit: http://programming.reddit.com/goto?id=23yo7 No, it was at Biola University (private Christian college) with the Torrey Honors Institute. Probably not quite up to par with St John's and the other one (Thomas Aquinas?), since THI only started about 10 or so years ago. Yeah, I third the Master and Commander series. Besides extraordinary historical detail, his characters show a deep understanding of the human personality (at least to a socially inept geek). That being said, I'm only on my second one so far. Is freakonomics pretty credible? It seemed intriguing, but also smelt a bit of marketing obvious ideas when I flipped through it in the store. Being a programmer, you've probably felt the appeal of Platonism, so I'd recommend a couple of his dialogues: Phaedrus, Symposium, and the Republic (in order of length, short to long, since they are pretty dense). I'd also recommend reading the Republic last, so you can get over the misconceptions you were probably taught in high school. Allan Bloom's Closing of the American Mind is also very enlightening for a) understanding the goals of the enlightenment, and b) understanding the current state of our culture. Along a more specific line, what are the best books for understanding the business world? That's pretty cool. Do you know whether it's been effective? We were segregated in the sense that THI took the place of GE. Otherwise, we were even more involved in campus life, representatively, than the normal students. Plus, we all had normal majors. Yeah, I thought it was an incredible experience, much more interesting and fun than any schooling I'd received before. The professors worked hard to encourage the students to take ownership of their education. In a way, the fact that it is a young program works in its favor, since it hasn't been encrusted by tedious layers of administrative BS. My main criticism is of myself, that I did not take the initiative more and was not brave enough during discussions. oh right, duh Yeah, nothing matters besides me and this life. Which is why people sin. Really? Pride, sloth, envy, wrath, lust, etc. all seem to cause more trouble for the person who can't control them. How do they maximize long term gain, or are you thinking of something else? Check out scriptoriumdaily.com for the tutors' blog. Before Plato and Heraclitus, Greeks thought reality was essentially chaotic and impossible to understand. You can see this in their creation myths. Heraclitus originated the idea of the Logos, a pattern underlying everything, and Plato built on this. Before Plato and Heraclitus, Greeks thought reality was essentially chaotic and impossible to understand. You can see this in their creation myths. Heraclitus originated the idea of the Logos, a pattern underlying everything, and Plato built on this. Articles like Steve's happen when people don't know their history of philosophy or science. Search for logos here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heraclitus The thing about philosophy is that it ultimately questions everything and is the gateway to every new realm of knowledge. Useless philosophy is just stagnant thinking that has given up on truth. Ah right. However, this has a bad long term effect for the market as a whole. Just look at what such thinking has done to our culture as it is. What is the education method, or is it proprietary? Crock pot + tortellini + spaghetti sauce + meat A classical education instead of GE: intense reading of the classics, 6-9 hours of intense discussion/debate with your peers, & a thesis every semester. The comment/submit buttons needs to be hidden in the source, like the down vote button was, so only hackers can figure out how to use the site. Yeah, exactly. All these mediums are just waiting to be integrated. Just think how similar chat and email are. On a hacker site, why not make all the important tools only accessible to hackers? The companies pay them. Companies bid to have users increase their process' priority, or promise to pay a percentage of the earnings. Plus, most people barely use their CPU at all most of the time. If the system was secure with enforceable contracts, I don't see why this wouldn't work out. Assuming a material origin implies reality is orderly and understandable? Rant rant rant!! Rant. I wouldn't just be focussed on ID, I have wide ranging interests. That's why I was wondering if anyone would just generically fund me to do whatever. Regardless of my interests, isn't this something you'd want? Why go through all the effort of a start up if there's a quicker way to get independence? Ok, noted. I agree the ID debate, and like flame wars, should be censored. I value this community and don't want to bring it down. I wasn't quite sure everyone would automatically censor me for the idea, so I was testing the water. I think mentioning controversial subjects should be alright, like if someone wanted to know what I would pursue if given the means, but debates about them should be done offline. Yeah, it was. I don't get it either. But it's just karma. Not like it's important or anything. Kinda, though I know if I had alot of money, it would be kind of cool to fund people who are passionate about something to just go do their thing and see what happens. I figure creative work prospers best when a person isn't tied down to some specific problem space. This is where most of our great scientific revolutions seem to have come from. This was true for the Greeks too, who built so many of our intellectual foundations. I see. Well, sounds like you know more about the pre-Socratics than I. I was under the impression that it wasn't until Heraclitus that people thought things in our mind, like math, would correspond with external reality. Uh, have you read Plato's dialogues? The defining characteristic is that they aren't philosophical treatises, i.e. not pedantic monologues claiming all knowledge. Their whole point is to stimulate the reader to think for themselves on very interesting questions. But software has the shortest feedback loop between high metaphysical concepts and practical instantiation. For example, OO is a variation on the notion of Forms. It'd be useful to see some support for your claims about the history of philosophy. Specifically: 1. Aristotle's Metaphysics, and the like, had no effect on its readers. I'd also like a clearer definition of "did something." I.e. does changing the way one thinks about practically theoretical fields "do something?" 2. No one challenged the two until the 1600s. Kant, by himself, isn't a good source since his philosophical agenda was to overthrow the relevance of religion (which was tightly coupled with classical thought). See Allan Bloom's Closing of the American Mind for details. For my undergrad I studied the classics, and I'd say your generalizations are too general. People, such as Aristophanes, said the same things about Plato in his day that you say in your essay. Yet, generations of great thinkers have chosen Plato over the Cynics and Epicureans, today's relativists and materialists. Your critique of the uselessness of philosophy is more indicative of the fact that many of the humanities in academia today are purposely biased towards relativism or materialism. While I agree that philosophy should be tested with practice, I don't think practicality should restrict inquiry. Otherwise, we become very short sighted. Math is a great example of this, which you've pointed out in one of your essays. Finally, you misunderstand Aristotle's support for 'useless' theory. You're confusing 'useless' with 'pointless.' All useful activities are done for a specific goal, they aren't important in themselves. Therefore, the ultimate point of useful activities is by definition 'useless.' Aristotle thinks the final goal we all aim for is happiness, and the highest form of happiness is a kind of knowledge. So what happens if I am merely testing whether people care more about the quality of my comments, vs some ideology I may or may not buy into? If this is going to be a better community than reddit, the way a person argues and supports their view should matter more than whether they happen to hold a controversial idea. For the most part I've been pretty impressed. The Diogenes quotes are interesting, but don't they lampoon Neo Platonic thought more than Plato himself? Even more important, was Socrate's Republic meant to be taken seriously? For a better presentation of the contemporary view of philosophers like Plato, you should read Aristophane's Clouds. It's also alot deeper in meaning than a mere facile mockery of poorly understood ideas. Godel was a Platonist. That being said, I am very much in favor of hacker philosophers. 1. Creative, logical thinking is an inherent part of what we do and love. 2. We created and own the best communication and research network in history. 3. Programming brings our ideas into existence in very short order, and allows us to model pretty much every aspect of reality. Unfortunately, we also tend to get stuck in our own little world of ideas, a important strength which is our major flaw. That's a good point. I'd have to research the issue. Elaboration: keep in mind the whole point of creating a city in words was to get a look at the soul, and Socrates hints at the fact the city wouldn't be practical in real life. Damn, now I have to learn Haskell. Huh, I'll have to find out what made Heraclitus' notion of Logos so distinct then. So if our universe is essentially computational, what are the implications of Godel's incompleteness theorem? Doesn't this mean there must be an infinite number of axioms our universe is generated from? The problem I see is 'truth' that is not generated by the system the universe is a function within. To then maintain truth is that which corresponds to reality gets hard. Kinda trippy. Science makes progress by assuming there are not real contradictions. I think the author makes a good point about criteria that are most easily fulfilled by the privileged. Yeah, that would probably work as long as I don't have tough competition that can work full time. So when I release, I have to release pretty complete and bug free, and it'd help if the product was very hard to reproduce without knowing the internals. I can probably do those, since I currently have a year and a half of comp sci research ahead of me (getting a masters). Any recommendations on especially pertinent fields? I'm planning to look at SOA type stuff - intelligent agents, evolutionary algorithms, systems architecture, etc. I'd like to throw some Godel in there too, but can't really see the applicability yet. The rate of ship jumping is accelerating. First, diggers jump to reddit. Then redditers jump to proggit. Proggits jump to hacker news. Where next? Soon it'll be a new social network site for every new thread. Then we'll need a meta social network site, and so on. I bet the reddit engine could be adapted to do this. If the rating system could also rate items for you based on the interests of those who rated the page, where the rating value would be a function of the similarity of interests to yours, then it would no longer be eternal September. The only thing missing would be a meta commenting system, similarly constructed. That the system would be based on existing networks would ensure the cross pollination of ideas between different interest groups. The bulletin board system at my college did this. Quite handy and very missed once I left. The delay function is useful for other things too... Paul Graham is so good, good was defined as (+ Paul Graham good), and implemented with tail recursion. You're right. I can have all the time I want at Fort Knox. Anyways, this is part of thinking around the problem. A deep solution is better in my situation than scratching some random itch, since anyone can do the latter. So, to rephrase my question more exactly: what are the deep underlying problems of the web that need the type of strong theory I can learn at university? In answer to your last set of questions, something that really needs to be made is an aggregation service for all the web 2.0 stuff out there. People want an integrated, secure, and trust based work/socializing platform, and my current research interests are geared towards solving this kind of problem. Facebook is trying to do this, but I don't think they have a good mechanism yet for integrating apps. Leo Strauss would say otherwise. He has a whole book about Aristophane's take on Socrates, highlighting the crucial tension between the philosopher and the rest of society - the reason Socrates was killed. According to Allan Bloom, the whole enlightenment project can be explained as an attempt to solve this problem by displacing religion with philosophy, through science. Ok, here's a better one: Chuck Norris wanted to be like Paul Graham, and tried to learn tail recursion. The best he could do was a roundhouse kick. Just remember how important the fool is in Shakespeare... I like the notion of how constraints help. I think that's pretty key, prevents feature creep and the rest, which could easily overwork a full time team that gets to ambitious. Aw cummon! I thought this was the ultimate cap - tail recursion? roundhouse kick? Chuck Norris? haha? YCU I'm not referencing ID. Heh, sounds like bait, but I stick by what I said and not take it here. You can email me, eric holloway, with google's email service if you want to know my views on ID. The point is, why do you want to get rich? I thought most hackers here aren't in it for the money alone, but for the freedom it gives them. But if all you hackers really care about is moolah, then that's pretty boring. If you look at history, how many of the really fundamental, ground breaking ideas came from the people who mainly cared about getting rich? But, I'm not proposing a different system. I'm all for people sponsoring startups. Just if people are interested in sponsoring hacking that's primarily aimed at interesting ideas, I'm more for that. I suspect pg is headed in this direction once YC becomes lucrative enough. His philosophy posts obviously show he's interested in much loftier things, albeit with empirical feedback. Which is a waste of time if I can get funded. This is a general question asked on behalf of all hackers who primarily want financial independence. Idea modeler means computers. Romantic, but I don't want to be a starving artist if I can avoid it. Well, it's one of those questions that get right to the heart of the issue, but people don't feel comfortable asking because their context is based on one specific answer. Many times, those are exactly the questions that should be asked. Sometimes they're just retarded. I decided to give it a shot. Seriously, think how little money it takes to live, and fairly comfortably - probably only about $20,000 a year. That's nothing for any of the multi-millionaires that roam this site. There should definitely be some kind of criteria to determine whether a person is promising (such as what they've done on their own time), but besides that I don't see any problem with the idea. There's also kawa: www.gnu.org/software/kawa/ It's scheme implemented in java, so you can still call all the java libraries. It may also be possible to recover the java code from the class files kawa creates using jad, but I haven't tested this yet. Jad: www.kpdus.com/jad.html I wish more courses were taught this way. I became interested in programming because I wanted to make games, and that naturally lead me to learn higher math to do 3d graphics. Plus, this gave me the background of trying to solve some important problems myself, so the solutions I was taught in school made sense and stuck a lot easier. I think it would be possible to base a comprehensive education around making a computer game. Comp Sci would provide the technical and theoretical background, while classes such as history, english, art, etc. would provide the material for the game. This gets around the problem of a person having to waste comp sci time on non comp sci game related problems, and they learn to integrate everything they learn to a much higher degree. Plus, it'll be more fun to grade their work. Probably Shakespeare's too. Uh, gregorian/rennaissance/etc. chant? Classical too, though don't really know who's playing usually. I like Chopin alot. The best is music that sounds like thinking. I also second silence. That's the usual case. I've been learning about this transition in my software design class, and the funny thing is the waterfall method should never have been in the first place. The method is actually based on a misinterpretation of Dr. Winston Royce's paper, where he advocates a system like rational unified process, but a bit more nuanced. If non hackers created a successful web startup, then they must have some other kind of talent going for them, which is a plus since most others in the YC community have the hacker thing going for them. I don't get why people care so much if someone thinks highly of themselves. As long as they aren't hurting me, or really screwing up the world or society, I say more power to them. I'm glad someone's thinks they're up to taking charge of things, so I don't have to and can do the cool stuff instead. I'll echo that. First two years in the Air Force I volunteered all over the place and got all kinds of recognition and such. But now I'm in school again, thankfully no more of that crap:P One of the biggest ways Facebook will change the internet is giving it a trust foundation. And it sucks that Google Answers was closed because of those other services. One way Facebook can be very useful is by providing trust and accountability for distributed/social applications. For example, if everyone did email through facebook, then you could restrict incoming email to within 6 degrees of your friends. If spam starts being sent because of one of your friends, you have incentive to cut off that friendship before you get cut off from your social network. Like that article awhile back talked about, Facebook is another step in automating the way we build trust. And trust is the bedrock of a cohesive and effective society. The thing keeping them from becoming a true commodity is an effective aggregation service. (Not yahoo pipes, which is just for rss feeds) Ah, ok. I remember reading that it couldn't compete with the lame Yahoo! equivalent for some reason. I still think Web 2.0 is missing some kind of app aggregator. Something that would both improve the findability of applications, and allow them to be plugged together similar to what yahoo pipes does with RSS. However, without some kind of standardization amongst the apps, this is way too complex to implement. And creating a trusted distributed computing system on facebook, where clients would compete to have users give their programs highest priority. On a simple analysis, while this would not be a very dependable system, it seems cheaper than Amazon's service at $1 an hour per core. Plus, this could be made more complex by integrating a contract system - clients can promise a certain payout based on the results of their program, kind of like the lottery. I like it. Maybe also standardizing the way of phrasing input so as to make it somewhat machine understandable? Another idea to go along with this that I've thought cool would be to create a wikipedia like system where people logically state their info and arguments in a machine understandable format. The machine would then crunch everything and tell people what the contradictions and possible truths were in the overall system of thought, or particular sub systems. Combining these two systems could make a very powerful research tool. Could this be a regular feature of YC? Even with Google, it's hard to find some of the articles in the past, and this is a valuable thing to keep track of. No, not quite, it's missing the pluggable architecture. It would be analogous to yahoo pipes, but apply to general apps, not just rss feeds. It'd be kind of like gluing together stuff in *nix, except in a way the web savvy crowd can. Most UI problems are a lack of interoperability. All solved with emacs and flat text. Valid point. That's cool. Someone really needs to close the email, chat, blog, etc gap. They're really all the same thing, just with slightly different purposes in mind. Collaboration would be so much greater if each wasn't stovepiped into it's own solution. Combine email, chat, blogging, etc. into one real time system on facebook. Everyone's going to want to start communicating there anyways, since the trust network keeps out spamminess. (I think someone said something similar last time) In terms of capabilities that users want, I'm right. In terms of making the UI intuitive for the common user, obviously my solution isn't the answer. my point is that they should be one system. Similar to how email and chat are the same in gmail. Maybe some kind of "typing box" too. That way we can explain how we vote, or just type for fun. These "boxes" would be all over the page so people always had somewhere to type. The backlash of it all will be even more apathy, which can be pretty dangerous. "We're all going to die anyways." Hence, a vicious cycle. Playing the devil's advocate, I think large severance packages can be good for the company. A phenomena you see in the military, and I would expect any other place with large responsibilities, are leaders unwilling to make the tough calls. Why? Because a bad decision can cost them their career, their family's livelihood, and may even mean a court martial. So, in the corporate world, a large severance package can encourage the CEOs to make those tough calls. Of course, the other side is that taking away repercussions can lessen the gravity of a decision, and a leader may not exercise due diligence. Hence, large severance packages are more a balancing act than something we should direct our moral outrage against. In my opinion, it is often better to make a tough decision, even if it is wrong, than to wait in paralysis. I think we all would like it if everyone else were better behaved than we want to be. In my opinion, this is as strong AI problem, and only people have strong AI. Therefore, large social sites are always going to need human moderators to have a good signal to noise ratio. I didn't say it's a complete solution, otherwise we'd never have disagreements, wars, etc. But, it's the closest we'll get to a solution. That being said, I think algorithms can be very effective as intelligence amplifiers, allowing us to make higher level decisions and micro manage less. As an aside, this is actually true, though the filter we read the Bible through makes it quite boring. There's a reason the Bible is the most important book for understanding Western civilization. Another thing that could help are functional -> industrial language translators, such as Kawa. At least in this way the programmers can use FPLs in a normal job setting. If they can show increased productivity, this will move the market towards FP. Style is probably still a problem in this case. Can style be automated? I.e. can FP code be translated into correctly formatted industrial code? I haven't research the conversion process carefully, but from what I know it converts the code into class files, which can be reverse engineered into java files. Tedious and it wouldn't produce very readable code, though, so not really a solution. Anyways, your second statement shows you missed my point. If there are translators as I described then any average java programmer can take over the functional programmers job without having to know functional programming. Notice the part where I said Kawa isn't really a solution? It was meant as an example of something like what I'm talking about, but not quite. Whoa, I checked out their website and it looks to be a pretty sweet school. I was homeschooled for a significant portion of my life, and I really liked the open endedness of it all. That's when I was truly motivated to learn for its own sake. I read voraciously and taught myself to program so as to make games. Then I started going to public school where they happened to not like new Americans much:P Anyways, here's hoping that model of education catches on much more widely. Orson Card's "Redemption of Columbus" is based on this idea. They figure out how to calculate a change in history that will create a better future. This leaves the possibility open that technology can reach a state where the meta-timeline can be retraced and everyone resurrected. At worst, no. Be very careful with advice from people who don't know you and don't necessarily care what happens to you, i.e. people on some anonymous forum. For example, #1 on the highest rated comment is horrible advice. It has screwed up the lives of many, many people and will adversely affect all the future relationships of anyone lucky enough to get away with it. Definitely not in the same way. Sex is not a bodily necessity, vs eating and sleeping. We only feel it is because our culture is way oversexed in a very unhealthy manner. Plus, STDs, unwanted pregnancies, and single parent homes are horribly epidemic. Safe sex is not safe. And, the relational impact is not to be ignored. Sex functions as an important element in preserving a couple's relationship, and flagrantly misusing it undermines yet one more of the few effective bonds between a couple. With all the broken homes in our country, this is not something we want. Finally, restricting sex is an essential part of focusing energy in a society in a useful manner, and today's 'free love' has very much dissipated our cohesiveness and diminished what we can accomplish. Make no mistake, the sexual 'revolution' has messed up our society. Even if all you care about is yourself, this isn't true. Plato explains this in the Republic. Indulging in extreme pleasures dulls their effect, while making us want more extreme pleasure. This makes us more dependent upon the changing world and at the mercy of our bodily desires and others. Not a recipe for a fulfilling life. And we have universities full of specialists. You know what I mean. Having sex often is not something we need to do, vs eating and sleeping. What's wrong with that point? Freud says man's libido is sublimated in society for the purpose of getting him to do great things. Since 'free love' undermines the social constructs, such as marriage, that sublimate man's libido, I'm saying essentially the same thing. You want to take this up with Freud? The reddit thread on this has a very insightful analysis of the project's importance. Well, if sex is the only place you get wetness, then your life is kind of sad. I mean seriously, every time you want to get a drink of water you have to have sex? Or am I misunderstanding you here? AI is the soul of computer science. Computer science is essentially about automating different aspects of our mind, and AI is the field of computer science that comes up with new methods of thought automation. If AI truly ever dies, then computer science is dead. I didn't mean to imply zealous abstinence, just am against the prurient nymphomania or whatever recommended in that reddit thread. Still, though, I think there is something to be said for virginity. For some reason it was even an ideal in the Greek world before Christianity, e.g. Plato. But it wasn't an ideal in the sense that sex was considered bad, just virginity, voluntarily taken, was a nobler thing. That's another discussion, though. First of all, I'm pretty sure it's commonly accepted that the notion of the 'dark ages' is a product of bad scholarship, though I don't have a good cite for you, so you can ignore that point. As for religion and science, I'm against any attempt to undermine reason, but this means we have to be open to the truth no matter where it lies, whether in today's 'science' (which is very philosophically narrow) or theology. However, this doesn't mean contradiction between the two is resolved by ignoring science. If people really believe theology is supported by the evidence, then they cannot believe there are any real contradictions between science and theology. That's the position of the sophisticated element of the ID movement. Also, keep in mind that the ID movement is not essentially Christian or fundamentalist. For example, Christopher Langan is an ID theorist who is a pantheist, which is pretty interesting. Yeah, sorry, I was pressed for time. I think you miss my point. One simple example of what I'm talking about is the Western world's birth rate problem. Where did I say that? I suspect you are just jumping to conclusions based on the fundamentalist stereotype; not that I'm one of those, either. There is a position inbetween having alot of promiscuous sex and having no sex. I am merely stating why I think alot of promiscuous sex can be a problem. People are, of course, free to do whatever they want and don't have to listen to me. Anyways, I'm not trying to be a troll. People keep misunderstanding or needing elaboration, so I explain and elaborate. If people ignored what I said I wouldn't see a need to keep posting. As elaboration, I agree with Daniel Dennett's synopsis of what is dangerous about religion: blind faith. Blind faith is the essential ingredient for all the atrocities and religious wars. However, blind faith is not an inherent aspect of religion. For example, Christianity historically recognized the validity of both scripture and the conclusions of natural reason, i.e. science, and said they are both part of the same Truth. Therefore, they cannot truly contradict in the final analysis. Daniel Dennett's talk at TED http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/94 No, I didn't mean bad scholarship during the middle ages. The notion that there was a dark ages is the result of bad scholarship. There actually wasn't such a thing. Also, Galileo wasn't persecuted for his ideas on cosmology, but for the manner in which he promoted his ideas. Yes, I agree there is an anti intellectual trend with some creationists, as there is with hardcore atheists such as Dawkins. But the theocratic element of American Christianity is actually very small and overblown by a paranoid media. Again, you have the same sort of thing on the atheist side, which is also a very vocalized minority. My tutors' blog is a great example of very smart people who take the traditional Christian view of reason and revelation: http://www.scriptoriumdaily.com/ Yeah, I don't get why this stuff is considered so revolutionary. It's like no one involved ever studied tcp/ip. This kind of gives geniuses a raw deal. Sure, many of them are undisciplined, but their brilliance is useful. If managers just focus on how they don't have the same strengths as the rest of the company's employees, seems like the managers aren't making good use of the company's resources. Now, if only I can be dumb like Newton, I'm golden. I keep a couple scorpions loose in my house. Getting ready for work in the morning is always a thrill. Does anything not mediocre ever take off on large social sites? Is there any substantial point to institutional higher education today? The only possibilities I can think of are: 1. Research that isn't tied down by practical concerns. 2. Professors can help people learn the material faster than on their own. 1 is good, and from my very limited knowledge seems to be fairly strong, but fading, in academia. 2, of course, depends on the person, and the emphasis on grades can slow a person down, as you say. I'm churning through the busy work right now in my courses, since grades still matter at least for their appearance. In my opinion, our educational model needs to be majorly revamped, or augmented. I know a couple people here went to Amherst, and I quite liked what I saw on their website. The answer lies somewhere in between. The problem with big questions is lack of traction, whereas the problem with small questions is lack of vision. The insightful questions latch onto the pivot points between these two realms, either reshaping the big questions in light of the small answers or visa versa. Isn't intelligence known more for ground breaking work than becoming an expert in a particular field? Also, I think a big reason we don't see more results from intelligent people is due to our cult of intelligence that worships the raw power more than people making good use of it. Hey, there are a surprising number of billionaires today. Is it possible to make these kinds of games multiplayer? I think dogfighting would be fun, or co-op stunts. Maybe a sandbox mode? Anyways, I like the game, and echo the request for level unlocking. I'd say you can in terms of how knowledge plays a role in the game. In chess, the computer can calculate the best move given a situation. It doesn't need to know anything about the opponents strategy. In poker, it is pretty much the opposite. Your move depends partially on purely deterministic criteria, what people likely have, but more so on what you think everyone else thinks. Here you enter a realm I'd say computers are inherently bad at. This, I think, is what mattmaroon is getting at. So, are you a major user yourself? Even caffeine, which I use out of weakness and necessity, I worry about. Subjectively, it seems like my increased focus and lack of tiredness comes at a cost to my higher intellectual functions. No objective proof of this, though subjectivity counts for something. Has anyone here achieved good enough control over their body where they don't need this stuff? Have you found a significant difference between operating on and off drugs when going without sleep for long periods? Why are athletics so important? I think they just help colleges attract money, no real intrinsic value. Man, I wish I had your friends. Most people I know think such OCDness is weird. My parents are always telling me to 'have fun.' I never realized all you need is a favorable wind and hot air to make it to the top. Makes sense, I guess. This is an off topic question, but what do you think of India's economic competitiveness compared to China's? According to Fortune, China is supposed to be the big player for this century. If true, this is pretty bad since the Chinese elites view people as a means to the end of Chinese dominance. India, on the other hand, institutionally has a better respect for human dignity. Though the caste system is still alive and kicking, it is a religious institution, and not something the government is pushing on the people. It's a conspiracy theory that made the digg/reddit rounds awhile back. Here's Ars Technica's take on it: http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20070125-8701.html The author doesn't find the theory plausible, but does link to a DARPA paper detailing how social networking principles can allow financial transactions to be better tracked. Thanks, yes that's a good answer. So, even though India doesn't compete with China industrially, what do you think about it's intellectual competition? Some of the most innovative mathematicians have been Indian, whereas I don't know of any such Chinese innovators. While industrialization is very important for turning good ideas into products; the good ideas, in my mind, are more important. As Al Queda is showing us, technology isn't the panacea we often think it is. Crap, now I have to worry about whether the girl I'm chatting up is a cultural zeitgeist, besides just getting up the nerve to talk to her. Thanks alot, Neil. How good is Arcs underflow checking? Recommend any of those books? and would you mind sharing what your best feeds are? I wish the emacs macro system was easily Turing complete, but that must open a can of worms or something. I like the notion of writing a program as I do an action, but the macros don't really have control structures built in. It has inherent social value - it influences the way people interact. I'd say it's analogous to any other measurement of social status. So, when I see someone with high karma, I know they epitomize the ideals of the largest*most active group in a society. (Comment about things you can't say) Brilliant people seem to go crazy kinda often. Upvote this comment if you agree, but don't want to fall for vlad's trick. As the above comments show, smart people tend to take things more seriously. Not that that's a bad thing, but I think it explains the extremes in the views of smart people. Of course, I've just moved the question up a level here... You, sir, are a genius! We also need to watch out for those diggers. I hear they are even worse and ruined reddit to begin with. We must fight against the encroaching dark. Another question, has it always been this way? I remember reading somewhere that our levels of depression and suicide are a historical anomaly. What is different between now and then? It's a problem if the situation is escalating... Later on q reaffirms aaron's argument (@ 2008-01-19T10:55:30), seemingly based on q's own read of DD's work. So, at least two seemingly smart people come to the same conclusion independently. No idea. Some commentator. Yes, yes I did. The majority of people today are mostly concerned with subsistence too. Its the same with the news, comedy, movies, etc. Negativeness is edgier and seems more relevant. I think we are addicted to stress: http://the-programmers-stone.com/about/the-dreaded-jungian-b... When debating with people online, I have to be caustic and biting (although not too much) to be taken seriously. Kudos for trying hard to be even handed with a "you can't talk about it" subject. Difficult even on hacker news. Anyone read CS Lewis' Great Divorce? What is it about geeks that turns women off? Is it merely the social maladjustment? We males tend to adjust our behaviors based on what women find sexy, which is partially why universities used to be male only. Geekiness correlates with good intellectual work, but as mentioned, women don't like it. Which also makes me think that the key to guiding society is by defining what women find sexy. Were/are many of you homeschooled? I ask because his image of hell is an endless expanding country of people who can't stand anyone else. Loneliness can often be a symptom of our selfcenteredness, and this drug is like giving someone painkillers for their broken arm. Let's hear them! I'd say the definition of sexiness has changed. Now "sexy" is dashing, promiscuous, childmen. The qualities essential for good families are not considered very sexy, whereas they used to be moreso. I don't think I "offend." I seriously can't think of anything that offends me. I might consider you immoral though, say if you thought genocide was a good idea or something. But, I'd do this on principled grounds and explain why. However, many people's profiles are linked to their real selves, so this isn't a non taboo area for them. Yeah, my outlook improved once I had more control over my life and didn't have to live in the socially backward world of public school. Once my social worth became dependent on the actual productive things I did than on my ability to fit in, I had higher self esteem. That's why I think the US is pretty cool. Just think, in many countries people have to live in public school society for the whole of their lives. Yeah, it's more about the attitude towards learning, so I'd say so. The main way homeschool benefited me was to not kill my intellectual curiosity (and give me plenty of time and freedom to do my own investigation). ?!? And a tangent on that: It's been said that algorithm + data structure = program. But really, the only true 'algorithm' is the cpu. Everything else is clever data structures. Just thought I would say... Information is inherently free, dissemination isn't. A. Higher interests rates for people who can't pay to begin with isn't going to get them more money. B. Don't give credit cards to people who historically pay badly. In my opinion, greed on the part of the CC companies is also to blame, besides financially stupid creditees. No, dissemination always consumes resources. I'm not just talking about the resources for sharing files, which are minimal. The real resources consumed are time and energy creating/discovering the information in the first place and putting it in a format that is usable. That's why people need some kind of guaranteed reimbursement for their discoveries and limited IP is a good idea. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Absurdly high interest rates clearly seem a form of theft on the part of the CC company. I've been thinking that there must be an easy way to tie the emacs webbrowser, macros, and regexs together to make powerfully customizable crawlers, but I haven't really investigated. Anyone know of this being done? Actually, I think it would have been more insightful for me to say interpretation isn't free. Dissemination matters, but the interpretation is primary. Information is inherently free because information is basically numerical, and anyone can (potentially) think of any number. However, information is only useful when the numbers are correlated with actions or objects. It's this correlation that is truly valuable, and the creation of the correlation requires resources (i.e. time and energy). Any good sources for all the sciences? Also, is there an overview of how computer science impacts all the other academic disciplines? Nice idea, like my own personal google. Is there a way to download the history from their servers? Can I also upload my bookmarks, google history, etc? Yeah, it pays to find out what the real requirements are. At my last job I found out that a couple of our network requirements, which would have cost us $1M to meet, were going away in the next edition of the specifications in a couple months time. Says more about how the government works than myself, though. Has anyone ever placed speakers or moving parts in the cadavers? I often wanted to do this at my college. Well, you don't always have to subvert the system to take advantage of the situation. For instance, last time I was at the airport I skipped two lines because I was just more aware (probably more awake:). As for fun hacks, during college and group of friends and I put together a raft from an old futon frame and trash bags instead of studying one night. We sailed 14 people out to a small island in a nearby pond and planted our flag. Making deposits with certain time restrictions... google "my (hack OR crack OR scam)"? Good point, that was wrong of me. Different parts of our mind are activated by different activities and stimuli, so I'd say our mind can do certain things concurrently. I know doing something kinetic (fidgety) can help my concentration. No, they should learn about transistors first. Or maybe particle physics. Only then can they really understand how addition works. Frog. That's easy, what's with the mind altering substances? I've never seen the need; it isn't hard to get into a state of semi sleepiness and drift off somewhere in your imagination. I commented because this seemed like an opportunity to say something funny and cleverly self referential, but I guess this'll get me modded down. Depends on my mood, but I've definitely reached "nirvana" for long periods of time. It is especially easy if I'm out in nature. The second sentence just refers to the use of mind altering drugs in general. I've done things that cause my mind to drift off without my control, and to drift off under my control, and I prefer the latter. What's the connection between the link and the url, you may ask? Well, have you heard, or perhaps made, the insightful claim that all languages are essentially the same since they all boil down to machine code? In one sense this is correct, but in the same sense that everything in the world is the same because there are really only colliding atoms (quanta changing energy levels, or what have you). Yet, we still think there is such a thing as a "thing." Why is this? To cut a long story short, I submit the above linked Kolmogorov complexity is mathematical proof of the existence of "things." To bring this back into the CS realm, pg has said the only way to get the power of lisp in another language is to essentially recreate lisp in said language. So, if it is coherent to equate a language to a set of specific algorithms or programs, then it is a short hop to say certain programs are irreducible (i.e. Kolmogorov complex) and are therefore not just machine code. No matter the method or number of numbers a computer cranks through, it cannot recognize these special programs without beginning with them (yes, very similar to Godel's undecidable sentences). And thus, one distinct k-complex computer language cannot eclipse another without already containing the k-programs of, and therefore being, the other. What say you? Languages are about a powerful set of orthogonal primitives (types) and I see pg trying to distill web primitives in a language. I haven't thought enough to say whether there is such a thing as a web primitive truly orthogonal to standard types, though. But, I think it's an interesting question. I'm sure someone has addressed this very well, but I'm not sure where to look. Anyone happen to know? Seems that was the original rationale behind computers, as intelligence augmentors. No one's seen the disappearing square trick in math class? Do you know if the environment would put undue wear and tear on the equipment housing? I don't know much about undersea material constraints. Otherwise, that's an interesting idea. One of my favorite books as a kid was about scientists who lived under the sea. How would cut cables affect things? Merely stopping the rest of the world from knowing what's going on? Right, that's the short road to negative karma, otherwise known as hell. Unfortunately, this post may qualify, since pg isn't a fan of saying things need to be kept under wraps. However, this is really a clever piece of reverse psychology, when you take into account the non conformist and devil may care attitude of us hackers. Border cases are where the interesting things lie. I agree that this seems fishy, mainly because it's so far under the sea. However, your conspiracy theory seems way too easy. But, maybe our government is just that sneaky... Wasn't the last one due to power failure (extra wear and tear from increased load)? http://everything2.com/index.pl?node_id=810090 Same sort of idea - makes use of deviations in the picture that are hard to pick out. Have you noticed whether being bilingual has affected the way you think? This is a claim I often hear from multilingual people, and I'm interested in specific examples. A few more anecdotal data points: I had a philosophy teacher who was known for being something of a terror. However, he became a lot more placid after getting married. A fellow student was very driven, he was on track to becoming a SEAL at one point (changed his mind due to the psychological effects of being a SEAL). However, he too became much more laid back after getting married. He told me that he noticed married people lose their drive. On the other hand, I had a classics professor who is married with 4 kids, and he is very prolific. Besides the biological aspects of getting married, I think marriage makes life more emotionally comfortable for people. So, if a person's drive doesn't come from a lack of emotional stability, then they'll remain productive even after becoming married. Based on my limited exposure to different languages, there seem to be different thought patterns inherent in each language. I'm wondering if you notice this, and if you yourself capable of a wider range of thought patterns than those who can only speak a single language. Is there another kind of money? I, for one, would prefer bread and circuses. Interesting, I had thought OCaml and Haskell were pretty equivalent in regards to functional programming. OCaml's plus is the ability to break out of the functional mindset when you really need it, mainly for speed (can beat c++ when used properly): http://www.cs.ubc.ca/~murphyk/Software/Ocaml/why_ocaml.html I think that is cool, because in my mind functional and imperative programming each have their distinct niche's of effectiveness. However, I have zero significant projects under my belt in any functional language, so I'm not necessarily one to talk. Update This is a counter (on slashdot w/ discussion) to the speed claim: http://developers.slashdot.org/article.pl?sid=05/03/14/22582... Good points. Reminds me of an article awhile back about why it's bad to hire smart people. Of course it's bad...if you give them the wrong job. What I need is a multimedia (product description and examples), hyperlinked (for product referrals) app browsing program that will transparently download and run the apps I'm interested in. Can you greenspin this out of your desktop software? If you don't mind online reading, there are a number of manuals at the OCaml website: http://caml.inria.fr/resources/doc/index.en.html At the top of his follow on article he says it isn't good for server applications, but he'd use it for client side. On the library side, Yegge says it can call out to C and Perl fairly easily. As long as languages can do that, I don't see what the big deal library support is. Maybe it's just the extra tedium or something. The back in time ability sounds pretty cool. I've wondered whether any debuggers implement that idea. I also like the idea of an extensible grammar (and syntax too, right?) I think pg should allow arc's syntax to be extended; which I remember him saying he'd do somewhere, but I haven't been able to find the quote since. For the windows build see here: http://ourcomments.org/Emacs/EmacsW32.html This is the emacs wiki page on emacs for windows: http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/EmacsForWindows There is a vi mode in emacs, though it just replicates the keybindings: http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/ViperMode Upmod for the great point - OCaml's niche is advanced data structures. Yeah, I see it as a happy medium between the practical world and the form of programming - an Aristotelian language, if you will. It's nice when the philosophers come down to rescue us from our cave. What would you say about a simple, self similar surface that allows for deeper layers of complexity, if the user wants? Perhaps just adding an invisibility option to a comment, which the receiver can deactivate? Agreed, being a genius doesn't matter in a vacuum (a point RMS apparently doesn't get). Yes, good clarification, though I would say private messages instead of just contact info. So, I propose two independent features that seem simple: 1. Private option on comments the receiver can turn off. 2. Weighting of points based on whether the moderator responded to the moderated comment. This requires a reflective pause in the person's action if they want it to have greater significance, reducing knee jerk moderation noise. Yeah, I see your point. pg probably uses a better weighting for submissions, and there usually aren't too many responses to read through. I do see this weighting scheme being useful for the best comments list, or a meta list weighted entirely this way. Here's the proggit discussion of io: http://reddit.com/r/programming/info/64mgk/comments Seriously, this is Brilliant. I've been wondering what would be a good protocol to aggregate "web 2.0" (which is what people need) and I think this is it. The only thing missing is a way to combine the different feeds together into a single application. Is snap recursive? I.e. you could feed feeds into a feed? Can snap become an FPL? Now, the trick is to make the standard catch on. I wish you guys luck! And I do still think an explanation for modding has merit. I know, it seems insecure to want an explanation for people's reactions. We macho geniuses are supposed to know it all and have perfect control of the room (especially if pg is around)...or at least we need to give that impression; and what better way to learn how than to get private feedback on hacker news? Also, why are people modding the grandparent up? Time for more Paul Graham facts! Paul Graham's Kolmogorov complexity is Paul Graham + 1. Paul Graham can search a list in O(-1). You don't need Unicode because Paul Graham can be spelled in ASCII. To tie a message to a comment the sender would include the link. If it was in the text markup, then it wouldn't be perceived. Seriously, the author says there are 2 "plausible" arguments. Obviously, he got it wrong the first time and won't let it go! Fine, they all decided to watch tv instead, since they logically know thinking could get them killed. You don't think the guru provides more information? I don't follow. Along those lines, what do you think of a wikiable application for forums such as hacker news? http://arclanguage.org/item?id=1884 I think it would be pretty neat for the community here. This would create a small feedback loop for ideas such as yours, and you don't have to bootstrap a new community to test new schemes. I think exercise also helps reduce my sleep. That, and how excited I am about life. Excellent job. Would it be fair to say that the advice centers around a few principles? 1. Maximize possible courses of action. 2. Allow the environment (users, VCs, etc) to select the best course at the time. 3. Select the environment most representative of your goals. People are irrational because of prejudices. The best way to overcome prejudices is to live in a culture with a significantly different view of the world than your own. Plus, you get to go a step further and learn there are reasons behind prejudices, instead of just rejecting a belief and its connotations because the believer is prejudiced. So, I think living in different parts of the world is only indirectly useful. The important thing is to live in a new environment among people with a different culture. People need to focus on goals. In my very limited experience the normal work world isn't a lot like college or public school, where all my peers were people my own age. I think learning to socialize with older people is much more useful. I think pg has something in place already, though it takes a little time to work: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=99975 Do SLIME users have much need for keyboard macros? I find them very useful. To play the devil's advocate, does the culture of openness have the potential for diluting intellectual advancement? On the one hand, there is a greater cross flow of ideas, so the integration of ideas from disparate disciplines will happen much more. However, the cross flow means there is less concerted effort on certain issues and there is less incentive to focus on unpopular but important problems. To use an evolutionary metaphor, the greatest variety of unique species emerge in isolated environments, such as Australia. Upmod for arbitrary free association. Now I too cannot imagine Lisp without car. I might say you've consed me into your way of thinking... Yeah, American's are meta-stupid! Have people had success with the no procrastinate feature here? Dunno about others, but I tend to go from one form of procrastination to another. Like reality tv is a new form of theatre. No it isn't. My startup, ReCurse, was accepted. We encourage our client's competition to fragment into many meta-startups, which our client can then acquire for next to nothing. So far we've been very successful and are taking applicants. That's a neat idea. If it is true that humans are better at solving certain problems than computers, maybe games could represent problems that the computer can't solve easily. Just think if the WoW fanbase were really number crunching! I think it's pretty hard to remove nastiness from competition, since it's such an easy 'win.' On a tangent, is competition necessary or even beneficial for progress? The world today seems to be founded on this idea, but things would be much different if people didn't believe competition was important. Competition makes products ego based, and I don't think ego based products are the best. People have to aim beyond themselves and the felt needs of others to make something truly excellent. Highly downmodded comments stand out to me almost as much as highly upmodded comments. Mustn't goals themselves be good or bad, regardless of whether they're achievable? Or would you say that goals, such as Hitler's, were bad only b/c eugenics ultimately would be bad from an evolutionary point of view? Then, there is a the problem of heroism, which is defined by a person's courage to pursue a noble goal even if its achievement is very unlikely. Finally, by your definition, I could be one of the most moral people by making my goal "do whatever I want." Everyone is always doing whatever they want, at least at some level. This would pretty much render all talk of morality pointless. But, I suppose I'm being too literal with your definition. If chains of trust could be widely and rigorously established online, most (maybe all?) of the big problems we have today would be gone. Ah, good. I figured I wasn't getting the whole picture. Something similar to objectivism makes sense to me. I think there is such a thing as human nature, so everyone is ultimately made happy by the same things, at a certain granularity. Morality's objectively good goal, in your framework, is to maximize happiness. However, at this point I have to veer into territory considered "religious," because such a claim requires at least an element of non-materialism to make sense of our moral intuitions. At any rate, my views are not rigorously defined enough, and I'd benefit from critical, constructive discussion. I'll check out your links and see if I can participate. I had thought facebook would be the beginning of this, but it seems to be a flash in the pan, and too locked in to really be effective. Have you posted this on the front page yet? I would do so, but I don't want to steal your karma. Here's a slashdot thread on the importance of grad school today: http://ask.slashdot.org/article.pl?sid=06/07/14/2250202 2004-2005 Tualbee Survey on academic earnings in CS: http://www.cra.org/CRN/articles/may06/tables.27to34.html 2006 Slashdot thread on the importance of a grad degree: http://ask.slashdot.org/article.pl?sid=06/07/14/2250202 The thread isn't exactly relevant, mostly it's talk about how financially useful a grad degree is. Interesting in that regard, though. I guess I should rephrase it as morality's goal maximises happiness. What would you propose as an objective moral goal? Do you recommend anything by Popper or Deutsch specifically? Heh, it'd be funny to have the most negative karma on YC. The only reason I care about karma is cuz I want to change my header's color. Only 15 more points to go! Once there, I'll stick a post on the front page and get downmodded into oblivion. Yeah, but where's the achievement then? Yeah go ahead. This is the comment to downmod. >It's not banned in the rules, by any means... As a number of you have shown, nickb in particular (how else do you explain 30 points a day?). Especially if they fall for this line every couple years. It's just our materialistic bias that makes us incapable of seeing how obviously impossible AI is. An interesting series to look at is: Haskell, OCaml, Scheme, Lisp, C, C++, Java, Perl, PHP, Visual Basic, VB.Net. The progression is from heavily Atheist/Agnostic to heavily religious. Thanks for the introduction to Greenspun. He's written quite a few interesting articles. Tell me what you think of this thought experiment: Assume there is a machine that can exactly replicate my brain. Consequently, it can replicate my consciousness. However, nothing you do to the machine affects my experience, and visa versa. Therefore, it did not replicate my consciousness. So, either 1) a brain can't be replicated or 2) consciousness is not reducible to my brain. I agree with the logic trick part. To say something is undecidable is to make an objective claim. However, at the point where you want to say someone should or should not do something the subjective morality comes back to bite you (saying curi's trick was underhanded). I think this is curi's point. All you can really do with subjective morality is describe your rationale for why you do what you do, and hope the other person buys it. Even that is inconsistent because you are motivated by the thought that the other person should do something. Curi, while it is true we start from first impressions, either our goals have to be mutually independent, or they must have a common foundation. Otherwise they end up contradicting each other. That's the point of moral philosophy, and what I meant by justifying moral intuition. It's funny how "morality" is trendy. - EDIT - quotes around morality So that's where the image labeling game came from! Nice find. Well, I'm just saying it's a very easy way to climb in karma quickly. Maybe it's to do with nickb giving out karma so freely. That, plus lots of submissions, would have the same effect. If all properties are emergent, then with the same material construction you'll have the same properties emerge. However, the two consciousnesses, as you point out, have to be different. Therefore, they cannot be emergent. The easy explanation is to say atheists are smarter. However, this ignores the societal implications of atheism and religiousness. I think atheism is more the philosophy of the self sufficient than the non self sufficient. So, people who would be atheists if they had the means end up not being atheists when they do not (at least in the general case). However, the converse is not true of being religious. Therefore, the religious label can encompass a wider range of people. I have a hard time seeing how you can be both at once. The materialist model has no need of properties to explain causality, except as syntactic sugar for us. Yes, I agree with the end point. I think morals are properly posed in teleological terms. So, moral philosophy has to do with determining the end. What are our goals aiming at? The "I" of consciousness has to be replicated right along with the consciousness, so replicant yters has to have the same "I" as myself; in the way that the two cakes have the same cakeness or two objects have the same class. At this point we may get too much into the metaphysical weeds, but here's a thought experiment that might clarify for me what you mean: P = property M = material base for P We say P1 causes P2. Yet, the effect of P1 on P2 is indistinguishable from M1 on M2. So, how are P1 and P2 necessary for describing what's going on? My consciousness is not dependent upon my material. My material completely changes during the course of my life, but the essential "I" stays the same. So, if consciousness emerges, then the "I" has to be particular to the pattern, not the material. Therefore, two instantiations of the same pattern should have the same "I". To clarify, this "I" is not consciousness in general, but the "I" particular to me. I don't think this is susceptible to the gradualism line of thought, but we can go there if you want. It'd be helpful for me to clarify my argument, but it is kind of low level. It is possible to make emacs newbie friendly. For instance, theres CUA mode, which uses standard Windows hotkeys. Maybe there should be a newbie emacs which starts out with Windows/Mac emulation variables set. Something like this could be a self fulfilling prophecy. Then the momentum would just build. Any comments on the journalling? It's probably best to go with index funds until most are going with index funds. For any kind of adversary system, the opponents will both use quantum computers, so the effects will cancel out. E.g. quickly factoring large numbers means the security industry will use larger numbers. However, this is a problem for systems that are embedded and hard to replace. And the best comments are recursive. That's interesting. I've heard that one of the defining aspects of Western civilization's success is its emphasis on the written word, which is our most common form of linear, logical mind maps. Where does lateral thinking come into this process, and has it been useful in your experience? I tend to think counter to the conventional wisdom, and people tend to think such ideas weird. While it's normal to say this is a good thing, I'm not sure it is and am curious if there is any data on the usefulness of lateral thinking. By saying consciousness is a pattern in the flux of matter, you are echoing my point that consciousness can't be based on the particular matter. So, if you then think consciousness is the pattern, shouldn't two instantiations of the same pattern be the same consciousness? Sorry we're going in circles here, but I do not understand your jump in logic. We aren't talking about identity in terms of how to pick a particular consciousness out of a set. We're talking about the subjective experience of "I", and I have a hard time seeing how any of those identifiers give me my sense of continuity. It is also completely impossible for me to consider the "I" to be an illusion, because I am involved in the very act of trying to escape myself. It is just as incoherent as saying there is no truth, or the law of non contradiction doesn't hold. You can tell yourself such things if you want, but you can't do so in an intellectually honest way, since intellectual honesty presupposes these concepts. How many create-a-webpage apps is that now? I'd say you are the person that underlies the change. Anyways, this is the contentious point, whether there is an experiencer having experiences, or whether there are just experiences. We've already circled around this point a couple times, so I don't think the discussion will move forward anymore. Apparently we've only been having the majority of our dental problems since the advent of processed sugar. Alternatively, it could have a similar effect to taking a break and going for a walk. Yes, even in Plato's Laws the speakers remark how being an atheist is a young person thing. CS Lewis was an atheist until around his late twenties. "Then we decided to combine all the classes." That's probably true. Complete changes in environment seems to clear the distraction build up better than surfing. Plus, surfing easily turns into "just one more page." Rather, those who know what is impossible. I hear he originally had to get a job as a postal clerk because at university he was really stuck up about his intelligence and pissed everyone off. Yeah, IQ unfortunately doesn't take free will into account. ++1 Death of the game programmer: procedural content generation in games. Ok, taking airy metaphysical arguments out of the picture, is this true in your experience? Do you do best assuming you have no control over your future, or by assuming you have control over your future? That's what I mean. No, I'm saying that's not the end of level design in the same way that using procedures in programming is not the end of game design. It just pushes the design to a higher level. Networks are worth more than the sum of their parts. Does having 3 main hacker sites (this, proggit, /.) imply the retreat from 14 year olds will reach a stable equilibrium, and end the eternal September problem? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternal_September There are only so many 14 year olds in the world, so at some point the rate of change in users will be 0, incoming equals outgoing. An interesting anecdote: My friend tutored a girl in math because she was getting bad grades. She said this was because girls are bad at math. However, once my friend was able to get this idea out of her head, she became very good at math. I wonder whether the stereotype of geniuses being manic depressives exists to keep people from being geniuses? Of course, there are manic depressive geniuses, but there are plenty of manic depressive non geniuses. Plus, the stereotype can easily form a self fulfilling prophecy, due to social stigma. It'd be interesting if the weighting algorithm was somehow exposed to your account so you could mess with it. Gah, how you taunt me! So clever I must vote for you, yet then I fall for your cleverness! Ah screw it, upmod for you. I think the bayesian idea would work for the general case, but it would cause problems for the corner cases, which tend to be the most interesting. I think user selected filtering is a good half way point. Since this is a hacker site, it'd be cool to expose the ranking algorithm somehow for per user modification. Then, if someone comes up with a good one they can share it. This way effective filtering can happen, but it isn't forced on everyone. http://arclanguage.org/item?id=1884 However, I know this is a hefty hack, so is probably not feasible. On the other hand, length plus lots of points is a sure sign of insightfulness, or pg, not that there's a difference. Another thought: I think the karma score should also represent rate, instead of just weight. Otherwise the first people here become entrenched in the leader board. A static hierarchy seems pretty unhackerish. I agree. Aggregate stats such as whether a small group does most of the voting, whether the same people seem to vote for the highest ranked items, etc. would be pretty interesting while not giving away too much information. I am also curious whether a completely open system would work. Has that ever been tried? On a system the size of Reddit or Digg it would be intriguing to see how groups cluster. What is karma inflation? Yeah, that's kind of what I meant. People have to do this kind of value exchange to form an effective group. Representing something valuable doesn't make the representation valuable. I hardly ever check anyone's karma score. The only scores I know of are the leaders'. If I most value learning and research, what do I lose if I do not become a member of academia? Sleeping less also seems to impair my creative thinking and ability to concentrate. In my experience, the biggest hurdle in math is understanding what the notation is saying. Usually the ideas are pretty straight forward, though clever. I'd be interested in a causal representation: whether becoming less religious caused countries to become wealthier, or visa versa. That's another thing I'm interested in. It isn't clear to me whether it is only an inverse proportion. It may be more a matter of extremes: i.e. the extremely religious or irreligious countries do worse economically, whereas the moderate countries do better. The relationship may also be qualitative instead of quantitative. The content of the religion may have more to do with the GDP than "religiosity." It isn't about more or less work. Everything you do is work in some way. It's really about motivation. That's the secret to getting things done. Ironically, alot of this is stimulated by a lust for power. Keeping up with the Joneses is a form of social power. I've thought that Nietzsche's writing functions as a koan for the West's power drive. Anyways, I agree. We can see this in how introverts are treated in our culture. They tend to be looked down on since they don't "do" things. I suspect, though, that most of the great thinkers who shaped the world were introverts. However, the best approach is to not arbitrarily elevate leisure or action, but to consider the purpose of each. Last time YC News was polled, most said they wanted to become rich in order to be financially independent. This assumes a Western cost of living. This article describes how you can be financially independent much more cheaply by living overseas. Say you saved up $100,000. If you then stick it all in a high interest savings account: http://www.getrichslowly.org/blog/2007/03/21/which-online-hi... you can withdraw about $325 a month from interest alone, which is more than enough to live in some overseas countries. So, if you are interested in retiring early, and don't have expensive tastes, this is a route to consider. Here's someone who did it, and lives on $319 a month: http://www.escapeartist.com/efam29/book.html Even if you don't want to get away from it all right now, it is good to know you can. It takes the pressure away from life. The problem with this is that Hacker News isn't supposed to grow very big. They do this in Michael Crichton's "State of Fear." Unless a person needs specialized equipment or materials, why go into academia for research in the first place? It's easy enough to become financially free so you can spend all your time researching. The internet is there if you need to collaborate. Do you know why this is the case? The most ground breaking science has been relatively inexpensive. Has all the low hanging fruit already been picked? Anyways, in today's world, I see the real need lying in integration, not more and more specialized research. I think this is reflected in the discouraging stories above. If it hasn't happened yet, something like this has to happen soon. Money isn't really wealth, money is just a representation of wealth. At some point, the overhead of using money will not be worthwhile. Sorry, I accidentally downmodded you. Hopefully adding to your thread will get you more recognition and increased upmods. Anyways, this is awesome! Precisely the flat earth effect that Friedman foretold. I just read Guns, Germs, and Steel recently. The underlying principle of all the ultimate causes that Diamond identifies is the auto-catalyst, where disparate entities collaborate and build on each other creating yet more possibilities for collaborating and building. That's why I see stuff like this and get so excited - we're creating a worldwide auto-catalyst and who can tell what the future holds! Spending is a misnomer. If the things you would spend your money on are part of the very system of wealth you contribute to, then you don't need money. This is what we're seeing with the web. On the other hand, ruby and python remain relatively level: http://www.google.com/trends?q=ruby%2C+python&ctab=0&... Another interesting one, digg is falling, while reddit is steadily climbing: http://www.google.com/trends?q=reddit%2C+digg&ctab=0&... Given his analysis, it may also be the case that "d" ideas occur quite frequently, but since they are (by definition) orthogonal to the way most people think, they do not catch on. I'd say a lot of this occurs in science fiction and other literature, and these ideas eventually permeate culture and get turned into actual products. E.g. submarines, spaceships, robots. No, the overhead is in the charging and tracking of money. If your system is dynamic and fine grained enough, then it can cost just as much to maintain the financial representation of what is happening as the event itself. Thus, you don't really make anything. A very hypothetical example: say you have millions of simultaneous users all over the world who are constantly, but unpredictably, using your web service. The value of all these people using your service together is very high. However, since people use the service irregularly, charging them a significant amount would make it not worthwhile for them to use your system, and you lose your crowd. On the other hand, the amount that you could reasonably charge them is so small that it would only cover the cost of transaction, and would make the psychological overhead great enough that you would again lose your crowd. So, overall, it is best to not charge anything, and instead extract value in other ways, such as demographic information mining. This definitely can't happen with material objects. I'd say things are different in the information realm, though. The faster, more fine grained, and more dynamic a system is, the less money makes sense, since the cost of managing the money comes closer to the value of the money being managed. Also, on your specialization point, there is great value found in integration. I don't know if you are a _n_x programmer, but the level of integration among all the specialized tools makes it a much more valuable system (at least for a programmer) than a balkanized Microsoft box. You also see this realization in the current trend of Services Oriented Architectures, which is basically the UNIX philosophy writ large. I think a migration cycle in the nerd sites will decrease the problem - effectively establishing equilibrium. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=121109 It's probably meant to stop karma bombs, and reduce the karma advantage of having many more posts. Either way. My apologies for the offense. Partially this was a bit of karma whoring on the part of the submitter. But, we also don't see much of the European side of things on YC. I thought posting this during your daytime would give you guys more recognition. At any rate, you all should post more stories from your side of the world. We Americans need some enculturatin';) Woohoo! I'm an entrepreneur...mainly because I can't live in normal society. Hmm, maybe there's some causation going on here... I don't think those two ideas are mutually exclusive. Not sleeping for awhile does it for me. Suddenly I understand the universe. I don't get why people make such a big deal about financial freedom (living off of interest). As far as I can tell, it can easily be achieved with about 5 years and a decent job. http://www.thewavemag.com/pagegen.php?pagename=article&a... Of course, maybe I'm totally missing something. Do not learn how to use a pen and paper. The paper will get under your skin, especially if you give yourself paper cuts. You'll be able to bend and twist C++ code in ways you never dreamed of, like into a paper airplane. You'll miss all the intricate quirks and nuances, like how your pen stops writing when you use it upside down. In short, if you wish to keep your sanity, do not learn how to use a pen and paper. Sintresting. Wouldn't it be cool if there were a program that could turn your hums and tappings into musical instruments? Everyone could be a musical maestro! That's a good point. Which is why, if autistic people can't score well on tests aimed at people who process the world in a non autistic manner, the autistic people should be considered retarded. The article seems to have completely missed this; instead of defining intelligence as generally quick and precise thinking, it should be defined in terms of ability to communicate with normal people. I think this would eliminate a lot of confusion on the part of us normal people and make the world easier to understand. What are the key things you've learned, if you don't mind me asking? Yes. I tried to tread the fine line between making my point and being subtle, but I failed. The article's countering exactly the issue I say it missed. I would like to point out that if your aim is purely financial freedom, there are much easier ways to accomplish this. Yep, zegactly! The article's point is that though we generally rank autistic people as retarded according to intelligence tests, these tests are biased towards a certain form of communication. If the autistic people communicate on their own terms, they are often quite bright. There is an intelligence test called Raven that can get past the communication barrier better than the standard test. And, at the risk of being pedantic, there are multiple levels of irony going on in my original response, since the subject is misunderstood communication. By vote's for the apollo guy. But both are pretty incredible! Yep, Godel's incompleteness theorem all over again. Why do people hate java so much? For its job, it's pretty well designed. I would like to see the life cycle of stories. I'll see one of these stories a couple years back, and it'll be the big new thing. Then I'll see it again a couple years later...and it's the big new thing! I think it is pretty reassuring that the big new things keep repeating. Eventually, I'll learn all of them and I too can become big and new! Man, I've got to make sure I check Hacker News all the time so I don't miss this kind of info that'll keep me from failing. Interesting factoid: one of the potential languages for Sun's VM was a variant of Scheme. Unfortunately, it lost to Java. Oh I see. Well, that doesn't seem to be a problem with the programmers using Java, per se. Yes, your approach is good and should work pretty well. However, in my academic experience, the perception of "done" can be deceptive, even for a well defined problem. The purpose of the saying is to make people wary of thinking they are done. Similarly, it is said that the point of debugging is to find bugs, not to remove all bugs. Again, the idea is if you think you've found all the bugs, you're probably wrong. However, you may well be one of the lucky individuals who can understand the entirity of the program in one go. And, it is good to attempt to do so, even if you usually can't. Thinking through the entire logic of my programs helps a lot as I debug. Here's a page with a number of implementations: http://aima.cs.berkeley.edu/code.html I would like to access all my comments. I use this site like delicious to store interesting links that I find, and share them with others. I recently found out I have this problem. I went to Pizza Hut for the first time and was pretty embarrassed. I find it alot more comfortable. I can also type a bit faster. After years of QWERTY, I measured my speed right before I switched and I could hit 78 wpm. Now, after about 2 years of Dvorak I can hit 90 wpm. Plus, it'd be very difficult to get a good IQ statistic from some of those countries. I found an article at one point that claimed there were multilpe intelligences, but g indicates a general ability in all areas. A person with a high g will be good in all or most areas, but it is possible for people to be very good in particular areas and not so much in others. Sorry I don't have a link handy. Another strange thing about IQ is that it isn't normally distributed. Yes, that was a great article. I would like to know what changed in the author's mind. Did he just get good at particular math problems through repeatedly doing them, or did he gain a general math aptitude? Given his performance later in life it seems like he gained the latter. I became interested in math in a similar manner, and I think learning it this way gave me an edge over those who were just force fed it in school. There is nothing like understanding the practical significance of a subject to make it stick in my mind and give me intuitive links. This aspect of learning seems to be really lacking in public school, at least the ones I've attended. The best reference I could find is this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marilyn_vos_Savant Search for "fat tail" I'm referring to the flight school aptitude test, his success in engineering school, and achieving a BA in physics. That's quite a jump for a guy who couldn't do high school algebra. Since the upvote also saves, I use it to save articles for future reading. Does this add too much noise? They're pretty much the same as all the Ask YC posts anyways. Since the front page is so empty, maybe it can be split down the middle between internal and external links. Would this harm the aesthetics? If you like the Wasteland, you'll like this site: http://world.std.com/~raparker/exploring/thewasteland/explor... Matt, by upper percentile in math, where did that place you, i.e. SAT scores, etc? I'm curious whether I have the math chops. Also, is it entirely math and logic, or do you also need a good cold reading ability? Split the main screen so external links are on the left and internal links (polls, posts) are on the right. Redditors trying to force ideas down my throat was a turn off for me too. A big shout out to our feminine and androgynous members! Glad you're with us! That's an idea - could the vote be summarized in the title? Follow ons for your blog post: How much did you earn in poker in wage terms, i.e. $/h? How would you rank your mathematical ability compared to most you played with? Is it possible to quantify the level you can play at based on your standardized math scores? Did your group try to maximize the potential payoff:mathematical ability ratio in your poker game crowds? Is this something that can be done to a useful extent? Finally, if success is so mathematically based, why did you say in an earlier comment that it is so hard to create good poker AI? Some people are little more than karma bots (or maybe they are bots) - skim all the top articles from the major sites and reintroduce them randomly at semi-regular intervals (proportional to ranking at reintroduction). I would say this goes for major news organizations too. - EDIT - Aha, it isn't a bot! It's too bad people are so hyped up about elitism. I know I'm not the brightest bulb in the basket, and I don't want that fact bringing down others' potential. What's next, people complaining about academic discrimination against lesser intelligence? I'd vote it up, sounds like a useful thing. But then I'm just a fool like that. A little greasemonkey and it'd probably be equivalent to what I said. Hmm... Heh, nice. Thanks, my curiosity about the poker world is now satiated. Time to move on? - EDIT - Downmodder, I'm asking rms why he wants to sell his account. Why do I think this belongs on Hacker News? Because 1) this poem itself is one crazy hack of densely packed meaning within meaning and 2) the site is the best of all lit resources I've seen online, period. If you want to be a great hacker, you've got to know how people think around you, and to do that you've got to understand our culture. Why this poem matters: If you've read a significant number of classics, you'll notice we've recently undergone an extraordinary change in the way we view reality. This poem is about the fall out of this shift and where we are going next. However, the cultural currents are not something you can just say explicitly. They have to be experienced to be understood, and that is what this poem is for. Website background: If you've read the Wasteland before, you probably know the poem is basically a collage of reference upon obscure reference to classical and contemporary poetry. Very confusing, yet mysteriously intriguing, for the literary novice like myself. This kind soul has done a very good job hyperlinking all these references to their sources. Do you get any other privileges with such high karma, or is the color change it? Ok, ok, I'll bite, again. What are these ideas you speak of? You sure you don't mean influence instead? You can be very influential without any fame. Given the choice, I'd prefer influence. Interacting with people online just doesn't feel real in the same way. I know I'm guilty of being trollish and harsh, and it can be very easy when the other person is just a handle. Without the tangible interaction of real life, impulses and the desire to act like someone else can get the better of me. The other side of the coin is that internet culture is also addicted to low level trolling. To be noticed, you have to be cutting in what you say, just look at who gets voted up on reddit and digg. It'll be interesting if the tech progresses enough that people can be entirely self produced with little instrument playing ability. I wonder if that would change the music scene much? Good stuff. Yeah, I think calling children unreasonable is taking the easy way out and a way of avoiding hard questions. But, I'm not a parent, I've only been a child. The learning algorithm could find others that have similar tasts and use their recommendations too, though maybe this just pushes the problem up a level. Huh, the community here is changing if people are getting downmodded for long posts. True. I think there is something to be said for experience giving weight to opinion, but people use it to monopolize opinion too much. Plus, there's always the fact that it is hard to be objective about something you are experiencing. I think experience is valid when means are being discussed, but much less significant when ends are being discussed. BTW, I don't know if you've noticed, but I use upmods as a way of keeping threads alive. I know I always check my threads when my points increase, and I assume others do the same. That still doesn't speak well of the moderators that they'd rather vote down than explain how he could make his writing better. I voted you both down to zero! What now? If you don't mind living over seas, you can have a pretty high standard of living for much less. Based on my off the cuff calculations, I think a person with a decent programming job could save enough in 5 or so years (with frugal living) that they could live overseas off the interest. If true, this is much more guaranteed path to financial freedom than a startup. Just an option to consider. This is what I've found so far along with the mentioned calculations: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=122341 Yes, I thought mixmax's writings were pretty good. I like having a job, though, cuz then I don't feel guilty about not spending all my time saving the world. I'd love to, but I have work to do! Hehehe, I downmodded you and then I upmodded your other comment. Always thinking, that's me! How about an instant kill option with polls? People can send your karma to zero if they don't like it. That should solve the problem, of polls existing that is. I hope someone makes a "for older person" version. I'd like to play it too. Or even better, an instant ban! And then it could instantly post the poll "Is X a douchebag?" with only one option. Once poll closes it would email the results to the author, and vote couple thousand times itself, if there aren't, or are, enough votes. After that a bot could send the results to all the news aggregators and vote it to the top on all of them, besides seeding the storm and nugache emails. Finally, it would send the author's IP to Anonymous. That should effectively dissuade someone from posting lame polls. If not, anyone elso got any ideas? Sure, just post about 2000 comments and we'll downmod them all. Ssssh, stop chipping away at my cold heart! That's pretty insensitive of you... And you've just described a whole industry called "self help." Isn't always going for the middle an extreme? Tongue out of cheek, this is an interesting point. Could good tagging in a VCS solve the problem, or not, b/c you don't want to transport the whole development tree every time you reuse the code base? Hehe, I upmodded you! Take that! I find the idea of non linear programming to be pretty interesting. I sort of do this in Lisp, I program in terms of specific functions, but once I'm in the function programming becomes linear. I can do this less effectively in object oriented languages such as Java, since I have to write a whole class at a time. Some might call non linear programming top down or bottom up programming, but really it's about interest point based programming. Sometimes the interest points are at the top or at the bottom, but more often they are at some intermediary point in the complex tree or graph describing how your program works. So, a 2D layout like Excel offers much more freedom, but I wonder if sometimes you'll want a 3rd dimension? And, if that's the case, is it possible to have a programming space that supports an arbitrary N dimensions, or N-N dimensions, ad infinitum? What was the deal with that thread? First, there was that string of downmods, then suddenly the whole thing goes dead and you also lose your voting privilege. I had thought the whole thing was in jest, including the rampant downmodding, but apparently people were taking it seriously. But why? Did it seem like we were actually fighting? I thought someone was upmodding my comment history. Well, once enough people read that, my comment history will be downmodded a couple times, so I guess it works out in the end. Well there's a Gettier problem for you:D And, I haven't replied to your email because I only check personal email briefly on the weekends. Less distraction that way. Definitely. There are a couple philosophical discussions I am participating in which require long, drawn out replies, while my yc posts are generally very short. No, unfortunately I don't. I beatbox. Here's a ML game that I think would be cool: The idea is genetic programming with human interaction based around a Pokemon kind of game. There would be pre-made and player made pets, and a "wild" area where creatures could evolve. Yes, and a corollary is that this doesn't necessarily mean the non doped can just go live easier lives because the doped are doing so much more work. The same thing has been said about most of technological revolutions, but do people live more leisurely, relaxed lives today because of our advances? Entirely unrelated: lest you think me rude, I must let you know I won't be responding to your email for awhile. I am currently snow bound and my house keys are in said snow. As for messaging, I mainly use gtalk or skype. For gtalk you have my contact info, and I think I used the same address for skype. Thanks, it's always nice when someone's normal reaction is to assume the best instead of the worst:) Also, like my personal mail, I'll only be able to use skype and such when I leave work. So, I won't be online until this coming weekend (hopefully). Concerning child raising, I saw your conversation with that other guy. While your philosophy does seem like the best, it also seems to me that I can act unreasonably at times. Aristotle pointed this out, people can lack temperance. I think the keyword is akrasia. Socrates, on the other hand, thought all moral failings were based on ignorance. From what I've noticed, the older people get, the more they lean to the former viewpoint. I'm not sure which view is correct; I like Socrates', but practically I follow Aristotle's. I think making someone's karma filter subjective could solve the problem. Then it would also be hard to game the system, since you'd have to know how most people filtered karma. This filter could either be based on how people vote, or using karma and something else as the criteria. An example of the latter, I've thought the good comments would be those that maximize length and karma. That means they are both substantive and well written enough to hold people's attention. Plus, it's too long to be witty:) This could be implemented entirely client side without the need to open up voting data. Finally, it'd fit great into the whole hacker mentality, since people could pass around and hack the best filters. (note: this idea has been said by many others, I'm merely trying to perpetuate the meme) Aren't all languages sexps at the parse tree level? Lisp is basically a language without the syntactic top layer. Dang, that makes me want to be a billionaire too! Inspired, rms? It's crazy the amount of effort they put into the process, and yet the slightest computer bug blows up a whole shuttle. I forget which shuttle it was, but an arithmetic bug was replicated in both failsafe systems, and it was exactly this bug that caused the shuttle to crash. Nowhere is Murphy's law more true. Even with all the free time, people don't seem so happy. Some stats on depression: http://www.upliftprogram.com/depression_stats.html (what's with all the pill popping pre-schoolers?) He argued that in academics and sports, increased performance due to chemical abuse will pressure the non abusers to do the same. This is bad if the abuse is bad for the user. I'm echoing the idea that increased production doesn't necessarily entail increased happiness due to second order effects. One scenario: a lot of those WoW players can play so much because their parents have worked very hard. But, they play so much because they don't have good relationships with their parents, since their parents spent so much time working hard. Then there is the issue of whether the level of production is sustainable, and what happens to a society dependent upon such activity if it stops or slows. Also, what kind of class attitudes develop with the societal stratification. Hmm...sure, as soon as you give me the money! It would be interesting to be a venture capitalist though. I could fairly easily save up enough to pay for someone's ramen, and I know at least one directionless hacker. Now all I need is a killer idea! And if it can't? And one for gamers telling them they shouldn't play so much, and should interact with real people; one for business people telling them they should work less and spend more time with family and friends; and one for all the web addicted geeks out there telling them the same thing. Then, once they sign up, they can feel good about themselves because they did something! I'll call it webGym, since it serves the same purpose - relieving guilt by paying money:) Yeah, that's more what I'm getting at. I don't like straight knee jerk conservatism, but sometimes it is a useful instinct and it warns us to count the costs. Yeah, that's the one. I thought this piece was an interesting political analysis that avoided pushing political hot buttons. Plus, I figure a lot of people here like Obama and would find it interesting. But, anything political is automatically controversial, so oh well. No, I like chess too, so it doesn't count. You can play chess obsessively without any guilt. Yes, that's an interesting question, and I think I agree so far. I won't promise quick or lengthy responses though, so if you've already written something up on your blog about this, feel free to just give me a link. I don't want you to waste your time if it turns out I'm not so interested after all. I thought it would fit given that Obama seems to be the in candidate with the tech crowd. Curry's paradox is cool: "If this sentence is true, then Santa Claus exists." http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/curry-paradox/ Sounds like a karma singularity. We have discovered we are creative too. Whoa, $30-50M is waaay out of my price range. I'm talking really small time here, a couple k at most. Thanks for the info though. And, I would like to learn how the whole VC world works. I know pretty much zilch about it. Can anything significant come of something like this, or is it way too small time? I'm just a normal working schmoe, so I can only afford to support someone's basic living requirements and simple hardware. Plus, most revolutions aren't really revolutionary in idea. They mainly retread tired, broken ground that the "conservative" position was meant to fix. I'd say a significant amount of innovation in the political, social, and philosophical realm is merely forgetfulness. Does fyynd correlate the interests of different users to branch out more? Could this sort of thing be done with a bookmarklet? That way the highlighting wouldn't depend on a server. The problem is much bigger than merely children's toys. In general, our society is progressively less imaginative, and merely consuming what we've inherited from our past. This is why a lot of entertainment is based around destruction: cutting humor, violent action/horror films, most video games, pop music (angry rock, gangsta rap). The hacker community has an advantage here, since we are so used to using our minds. Games like nethack are entirely dependent upon the user being logical and having a good imagination. I like the aim of your blog. I've noticed that in all subjects there are a few key ideas that everything revolves around, plus a few key results from these ideas. For some reason, the subjects are not organized around those points. School would be so much easier and interesting if the subjects were organized better. I think the bad organization is a consequence of school performance being measured by tests. It is much easier and quicker to merely memorize the formula and regurgitate than to really understand what is going on. Then the people who learned by parroting become teachers and are even less able to explain the crucial principles; resulting in a vicious cycle. Me posting is about me posting awesomeness. The moment you don't vote me up is the moment Chuck Norris votes his foot through your face. Make sure you vote me up. Yes, and they are available on a reoccurring basis. People like this. Soon the internet will be predictably new. Yeah, this seems exactly what people would want in a simple, widely accessible package. Someone in the know, what makes this so nifty? I understand they've used a random walk to measure the internet and show the stock market is predictable. Is that sort of thing the motivation here? I do like a nice spot of stochasticity. I go around not wearing pants, but that isn't to really make any kind of statement. It's usually just because I forgot to wear them. Maybe that means I'm a genius though. Good point, but not necessarily a defeater. Maybe that's because they are competing with other CEOs, whereas an uber hacker is already the top of their competition. Hmm, and here I was thinking this was standard practice. This does raise a few conundrums. On another topic, can I interest you in some fine grade meat? This definitely fits into the "make it too boring for 14 year olds" category. No one is no one's follower. Someone who thinks they are is a blind follower. A better approach is for people to realize who's ideas they follow and why. It's a relevant and significant question. The west's views on romance are not the norm. For example, the Greeks considered the best relationships to be between men, since men were thought to be the most rational. This is similar in Islamic cultures too. While I don't have a specific cite I can show you to back up the claims about the Greeks, it is pretty evident if you've read Plato and Aristotle. As for Muslims, this is pretty clear if you just look at how they treat women. Frankly, I'm disappointed that there is so much knee jerk voting going on here. On the other hand, it is interesting that xLnt has really hit a nerve. Yes, but that doesn't mean I shouldn't be disappointed with the voting. Yeah, otherwise it isn't worth coming here. I can go anywhere else online and find people who'll just spout their preferences instead of respond rationally. I made a submission out of this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=149248 "look like cynicism" Significant discussion happens around the "nerve points" and questioning their legitimacy can look like cynicism. Yeah, that one example isn't enough, though it is interesting. It's a trend I've noticed and the point is valid, but I don't have a lot of good evidence I can pull. I like reading stuff like this. It's nice to think that it doesn't take greed, or any kind of significant focus on the bottom line, to outperform everyone else. Otherwise, life seems pretty tiresome. Now, if someone created a most awesome computer game that wasn't a complete waste of time I'd be a happy person. You're paying too much attention to the posting. It just creates things to be sorted and changes arbitrary ascii characters next to my name. In what way? Was mimesis about modeling physical appearance or understanding the underlying principles? I can see how photography is a shortcut for the former, but it seems worse for the latter. I'm never wrong too, but that's just because I either make trivial, all encompassing, or unfalsifiable claims. It sounds good though:) I'll be making a in-game re-programmable MUD at some point. Neither is awesome in the sense of WoW or any of these other games that are such huge time sinks for so many people. I find that depressing since it implies the useful and the preferable don't match up. Now if computer games could become equivalent to great art, there'd be hope. In regards to the Newton comment, I need to find a solution to the 2nd law of thermodynamics, otherwise there is no such thing as a significant answer! Do you mean he made Nazi propaganda? Ah, you're saying he's a Hanoi Jane. I did not realize that about Ezra Pound. Now I see why people like GK Chesterton and CS Lewis disliked TS Elliot (protege of Pound) so much. That's what I tell music stores when they catch me shoplifting. It's a beautiful idea that what we most love to do is what we most morally should do. I voted you up not because I necessarily agree with you, but because you make a good point. We do ignore the basis of stereotypes when we shouldn't. We need to realize there is such a thing as natural and good elitism. This is an important "thing that is not said." That being said, while stereotypes do have some kind of basis in reality (something has to perpetuate them) the problem comes when we say certain people are inherently inferior and do not have a free, moral accountable will. I thought you meant he was hated by the Brits because he misrepresented the Nazis and how they treated their POWs, like Jane Fonda did with the American POWs. However, I just read pg's link and now understand what you were saying. Procrastination is a good example of this phenomena too. The question is, who voted this up? That's really who you're annoyed with. Anyone else think this was codified common sense when you first read it? Seems to be the case with a lot of software engineering stuff I read. I have trouble thinking of anything truly insightful my exposure to software engineering has taught me. Check out Dictator: http://dictator.kieranholland.com/dictator.html It lets you set how many words are visible at a time, so you can use it to do the exercises jakewolf mentioned. I could read Crime and Punishment at about 600-700 wpm (around 200-300 is normal) and I think I still had good comprehension. You can also adjust the speed as you go if passages get more difficult. Also, when I read normally, I don't read linearly. I scan a page and narrow in on interesting words. Usually, if the material isn't too tricky, I can understand a paragraph very quickly this way. It is how I read online. Finally, it really helps to think about what the author is saying, especially if I try to anticipate what's next. This gives me something to compare and contrast with, which makes me retain and understand what I read much better. I'll second that. I haven't read the whole thing, but the multiple, deepening passes idea is key. What do you mean guessing is the best way to read? That's an absolutely horrible idea that will lead to all kinds of misunderstanding! Seriously though, read all the words vs guess is a false dilemma. The great thing about merit based society is that non merit based societies crumble under their own incompetence. As long as the meritocracy can avoid getting sucked down with the incompetents, it will rise to the top. If it doesn't, is it really a meritocracy? Yeah. The way I see it, the purpose of the US is to make an environment friendly for smart people, not to create smart people. Looking at our history, I don't think a lot of our innovation is home grown. This explains why our universities are considered so good while our education system sucks balls. I think if you keep publicly pressing the issue pg will be less inclined to relent. Have you heard of freebase? From what I've read online, I think they are doing something like this. That's not what I mean. I don't anticipate so I can skip. Contrasting what I expected with what the author actually says helps me understand and retain what I am reading better.